Title: HOW TO PLAY AP CHO'GATH MID SEASON 15 | Build & Runes | Diamond/Master Elo | League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxe0MMNvzN8

Content:
Let's go guys. We are back at it and we are getting closer to the end of season. So I think it's a lot more fun for you guys to watch some higher elo games. So right now we are in diamond 2 till master tier and I'm playing choath. I don't think it's very good into Yasuo. It might be pretty terrible actually. But um we have the skilling and the reason I like to play Jath mid sometimes is because you know first of all you skill up really well and your ultimate also helps when it comes to being able to take the dragon and the um white grubs. >> So you have some good objective control and you also have a lot of CC like AoE knockup AOE silence no and true damage. And the thing is, if you play against a assassin mid, for example, he's really good because he becomes really tanky and all that CC and burst damage he has just insane. Actually, I think I should not have picked Chath into this. He's going to run me down probably. Might just be a EA better actually. Yeah, taking out his shield cuz if he started his C, he's just going to run me down the moment I throw out my Q and Halo Blades, you know, for the three quick auto attacks on your E. I'm playing against a um Noo-Noo. So, that's something that's going to make this insanely hard as well. He does have teleport. >> And here comes the problem, right? So, against a Yasuo, you want to silence him first before using your Q. But if he pushes, it's really good for me, right? And we have the passive sustain as well, so we can heal up a little bit from uh the minions, right? Nuna's side. So that's the gang coming in mid soon. just sense it. And Chokat is so terrible against gangs cuz you don't have any uh mobility. Oh, that minion, bro. >> All right, we didn't lose the cannon. >> [snorts] >> All right, for now we just have to chill, I guess. >> He can permanage cuz he doesn't care about J. >> But, you know, you're also really good at following up with a chain CC, right? Because you just basically need somebody to CC and then you have a knockup and you have um silence and you have slow as well with your Even Thresh. I think another thing I really hate is that I have Yumi on my team. It's so useless, bro. Well, this is insane. Okay, >> bro. And they're even getting solo killed. That's so bad, bro. It's so annoying to have a Yumi on your team in this seal up because the enemy support will be perma roaming and that useless thing is going to do absolutely nothing. >> Bro, what is this guy doing? Okay. Should be dead as well. Okay. >> That's worth it. I do believe that is worth it. So, yeah, I think we have to get boots. Honestly, I prefer delaying that a bit, but um based on how much the enemy jungle is just perma ganking, I need the boots, >> but I just can't, you know, I can't even lane. I think probably Thresh is going to be here as well. So, just stay back and queue in this case. I don't see threshot. That's a good trade. We don't want to take extended ones because he has lethal tempo and he's also level six. I'm trying to make him engage because that's going to mean that um he ends up pushing the wave as he dashes around and hits the minions. Pushing is really good for me. It means that the wave comes towards me and I don't have to risk. But this bot lane is beyond disgusting. I think we just have to start stacking. We are not getting any objectives, that's for sure. Cuz bot lane is running it 04 bot lane by themselves. And that means that whenever we try to contest an objective, >> an ally has been slain, >> it's going to be me and Jax against mid jungle and the bot lane. And guaranteed our bot lane is not moving. >> I'm really low on mana, but this wave is going to push. Get out of mainly the um Nuno. Okay, Quinn is coming. Just going to ignite him. Right. Good job. We can need this. Why is this garbage can bot lane spaming for help? You guys are running it. Even if I gave this AD carry four kills, she's not going to win cuz she's just getting gapped. Okay, let's get some HP. So, rocket build is really good on Cho'Gath because first of all, you know, you don't have any mobility, so you can get within range like all someone Just if you get within range to be able to auto attack, you get these slows off. >> Okay, they actually ran it down. That's insane. That's beautiful. >> Get him. Oh my days, bro. Yeah, good job. I just need the uh minions. The Quinn is doing a lot. Even though I hate that Quinn pick, she's doing insane. So, that's good to see. He also scales really well that people don't understand. Like, her win rate is insane when it comes to later stages of the game. All right, they got it in time. Luckily, just need to get a bunch of stacks going and reset. I'm going to lose a plate if I do. We'll just stay. As long as the wave pushes towards you under the tower, you should be able to sustain back up. And probably teleport would definitely have been better for sure this game. Ah, I should have uh aled that one. Yeah, at least Nuno's not going to be here for a bit. >> We just need to get really tanky. So, we have front line for a team. >> He has sustain now. Okay, Quinn is coming again. The thing is, I'm just intentionally walking within range when I see my Quinn coming. So, I'm trying to bait him to engage. Now, don't make it too obvious. If you make it too obvious, they'll know. >> Don't run this way, bro. >> I need to help him now cuz he survived. >> Never mind. Looks like he flashed in or something. universe. >> I don't care if he freezes this. >> Got another kill for free. But we have a rocket build now. That's something. And after this, usually get the rift maker because, you know, Cho'Gath gets a lot of HP. Bro, the point when Quinn starts getting solo killed, that's really bad cuz they have some really good skilling as well with the Mundo and the Kai'Sa. Still have a Jax though. Might be able to all in him now. But the thing is it's never going to be uh just me and Yaso. He's in lethal range. >> Nice. Let's go. Get out of my sight. Get out of my sight, man. That's huge. Also, Quinn coming so he could take out the Noo-Noo as well. Even if you silence the Noo-Noo, the snowball just, you know, if he throws it, I don't think you get to stop it though because um I guess she's still going hybrid. Oh, just get the armor boots. Even though I prefer getting the um speed boots or the CDR on Cho'Gath armor boots against Yaso. Also, Mundo dealing a lot of physical damage. Ah, bro. This GG. She's getting solo killed. That's bad. That is really bad. He's getting ran down. An enemy has been slain. An ally has been slain. >> And that's why we have the rocket belt. That's why, guys. And you see how I threw that Q right behind him because I know he will be trying to dodge it. So he just ends up running into my queue and bam. Rocket bill spike. I'm not going to try to freeze this one. And Quinn is dead again. The thing funny thing is this guy picked Quinn into Mundo by the way. He had the counter pick. He won the last pick. >> I just knew he was going to end. But we have two lanes in question is what can me and Jax do if you group up? Maybe something, >> but honestly, I don't think there's much to do. He's level 12. >> Your turret has destroyed. >> Bot lane sitting on six kills. Me and Jaxu have to try to do something. Luckily, he has managed to give us a lot of objectives, which is pretty surprising given the circumstances. An >> enemy has been slain. >> She's getting kills, but she can't lane against the Mundo, so I don't know what she's supposed to do. So, I guess we have to make Jax go to the side lane. So, now Noo-Noo might be coming with a snowball. Have to keep my silence ready. Yeah, there he is. >> They flash out. The ganks are good, but the instinct top makes it really bad. >> Your team has destroyed a turret. >> Cuz I don't know what this AD carry does, by the way. Like if it kills or what it's supposed to do. Mundo can still be coming. Oh, Nuno. I mean, >> I am pretty tanky. >> That's why he just doesn't all in me all the time whenever he wants to. He's within leth lethal range, by the way. Guess if I hit a knockup, he's done. Snowball incoming. Any fruits come here? No. Bro, this Kaisa is going to run me down, man. Look at this skins and Kraen. It's only been a couple seconds since I let them go mid and they already almost ran it down. I do this. Oh no. Oh no. What am I doing? I'm completely forgot the team comp we have. >> We don't have no engage with the Quinn top, so we should not be team fighting, >> bro. I just ran it for no reason as well. Bet she has exhaust or something. Just hit the thresh. Yeah, she did have the exhaust. And >> we're not going to let them FF. We're going to keep them in here. They've been running it nonstop. I still have one more stack to go on uh the minions. And now that's fully stacked. Usually, you should be going to get as many stacks as fast as possible. But sometimes, you know, if you have kill potential, I like to save my ultimate a bit just to make sure. Can't do nothing about that Giga Mundo, by the way, other than hoping our AD carry can scale up somehow. Okay, she has dashes. Holy cow, bro. What? Even teleport coming in. They're fighting without the Yaso, but we just have to give this TR up. And that's what here as well. going to have rift maker and then it's just full tank from them. Rift maker, you know, make sure you skill as well because it convert some of your HP into AP and you know, you just get perma stacks. Time to get the rift. Definitely need armor, but also MR by the way. Oh, there goes the Quinn again. >> Nice jump. Really useful jump. That going to get flanked. >> Really good Quinn pick. And he even gets the counter pick. Chance to counter pick and then he does this. Just has to back off. Well, that's not going to help. Want to fight the Yasu, but he's not here. They're going to lose the top tower. Be able to save mid. They're going to get the Atakan and the top tower of darkness. Oh, he's just stacking. He's just using his free stacks. What can we do against the Mundo? Ignite definitely helps. I think he's in here. No, just going to back off. I'm not going to waste time chasing this guy. It's going to take so long to kill him as well. Like the enemy team can get there in time. Yeah, surprise. Whatever. I I'll probably die as well, but let's show it. I have your ear up. Yeah, this why you should not follow these apes. Should not have followed these clowns. It was so obvious what was going to happen as well. He's trying to gank a low 13 Quinn against a fed Mundo with armor stack. Enemy >> looks like it might be GG's. Snowestroyed. >> Enemy team is too huge now. If we had the Mundo instead of the Quinn, this would have been a free win. It's just because they outskilled so hard top lane that we constantly need two people just for the Quinn to be able to survive in the lane after she ended so much. If we get picked somehow, we can What is this Yasu build, bro? And cleaver. Interesting. It does make him a bit tankier, though. It doesn't get one shot as fast. Finish that in less than a minute, I guess. Just have to take a Noo-Noo top with a snowball and she's gone. >> Yep. Surprise. >> An enemy is godlike. >> He's going to exhaust me as well. There's no way I can kill him to fet right now. >> An ally has been slain. >> I just have to defend. Come on, J. Please get one at least. Oh, he's not going to get him. Okay, never mind. Have to move. Kais are coming. Let's just do it. We're going to lose top anyways, bro. He's running away from me. Oh, that was sick. >> Do I have the slow thing? >> All right. So hard playing choath into like heavy mobile champs like Kaisa. You can't hit nothing. That Q was luckily on spot. Last one. Can't do nothing about this, right? Maybe I can just wait in the brush and hope to one shot. Never mind. It's the only way. Get the Yasu guys. Silence them. Okay, let's go. We should do the Baron. No. Wait, what? Why are we doing the Drake? I think we should have done the Baron. They can run me down. Oh, what? Holy smoker, man. >> Get this guy then. Just keep chasing, I guess. Give me that stack, bro. Give me that stuff. They have Mundo alive. Can we really do Baron, Bro, they have have nine stacks. I don't think we can do this, unfortunately. I'm sitting on so much gold as well. We need a W. Get this. Let's get some MR. Maybe this. How much HP does he have? 6k. Luckily, exhaust does not help against the ultimate, so I could just Come this way. Come this way. Okay, good dodge. >> She survives. And he used it. He used uh ghost. >> I'm just silence him the moment he hits so he doesn't follow up with his CCM. Do we not have Okay, there we go. Do we just fight? It's a bad angle to fight for me cuz I don't get within range of anyone to do something. Are they just going to rush this? No. Well, they're definitely doing this. Guys, you are trolling so hard, man. What are you guys doing? That was so obvious. Imagine I was alone against foreign still got the Yasuo. Well, I think that was the best we could do with our top and bot lane. I think the Jack should have come with me. Then maybe we could have done more. But GG like Cha can still be really effective. You see, still managed to do a lot even though um we had losing lanes. >> He has almost 7k HP. has destroyed disconnected.
