Title: The ONLY Wukong Guide You Need - Wukong Guide League of Legends (Toplane Edition)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sqi4bZLA454

Content:
Hey guys, and welcome to my new guide for Wukong top lane. In this guide, I will teach you everything you need to know for Wukong, as well as an entire educational gameplay after we covered everything. Let's get started with the abilities first, like we always do. Wukong's passive lets you gain stacking armor and max health regeneration while fighting champions and monsters. Wukong's Q lets you gain attack range on the next attack, dealing bonus damage and reducing the targets armor for a few seconds. Wukong's W lets you dash into a direction, making you go invisible for a short duration and leaving behind a clone that will attack nearby enemies. Wukong's E is a dash to your enemies, dealing damage to multiple enemies and increasing your attack speed. Wukong's old spins around, gaining movement speed and knocking up enemies. You can cast his ultimate a second time within 8 seconds after the first cast as well. Let's go for the runes and builds for Wukong next. For runes, you always take conquer as your main page with bomb plating and overgrowth versus melee matchups and conquer with second wind and overgrowth versus ranged matchups. You can also take conquer with sudden and treasure for more damage and snowballing in the early game. As for the bonus stats, you always take one point into attack speed, another point into adaptive, and another point into HP scaling. As for the builds, you take Dorne shield versus ranged matchups and in lanes where you consistently go for short trades. And you want to go Dorne's blade versus melee matchups. For boots, you want to go either steel caps or merks based on matchup and lucidity boots to 1v5 in snowball easy games. As for builds, trinity sun sky black lever stage is the standard build for Wukong. If you don't know what to build in your next game, this one always works. The second build is specifically for damage and wave clear. If you think you'll split push a lot and want more damage, you'll want to use this build instead. The third build is specifically to counter heavy AD enemy teams. And the fourth build is items to counter AP. I also highly recommend these three items for anti-heal to counter healing. And I also highly recommend these extra items like grudge to maximize damage versus tanks. Eclipse is a first item for short traits in the early game. And the two hydra items as an alternative for profane hydra. I've also added all these builds into one entire item set and I've shared it on my Discord server. Make sure you check it out after the video. As for the skill order, you want to max out your Q first, then your E, and then your W. For the summoner spells, you'll take either TP flash for the standard play style or you want to go ignite flash for snowballing and winning the early game. Let's talk about the combos for Wukong next. The first combo is the auto attack Q combo. I always recommend you auto attack first before you use your next ability so it can deal more damage. The second combo is E auto Q combo. The same concept applies here, but this time we press E first for the dash and then we auto attack and use the Q ability right after. The third combo is W auto Q combo. Wukong's W clone actually deals damage as well, and I highly recommend using it at the perfect time if you want to maximize your damage. The fourth combo is E auto QR combo. This combo is great because it lets you quickly cast everything you've got before pressing your ultimate, which allows everything to go on cooldown while your ultimate is activated. It also lets you quickly burst an enemy champion very easily. Now, let's get into an educational game play and I will teach you guys exactly on how to play the early game for Wukong as well as the mid game and also the late game. All right, guys. Welcome back to another YouTube video. Today, once again playing some Wukong in the top lane again. Today we have uh Conquer Page, we got Triumph, we've got a Lacery, we've got Last of Bone Plate, and Overgrowth. We actually run the Shen matchup right now, which is uh not that hard of a matchup to be honest. I would say that only the early game uh can be a bit rough depending on whether he has a pressure or I have the pressure. We'll see. Shen can be like uh annoying to play against because of the um he has an ability that lets you like lets him block auto attacks. That can be like really frustrating. But if I start maxing Q like and we get like a couple levels in, this will become easier because my Q can shred the matchup. Either way, we're going to play this part safe. Once we have the wave like push into Shen, uh things will change. It's okay if we miss like a couple lastes. Like that's fine with me. So, we want to be avoiding these trades here, too. Good chance he will try and like uh either use Q with passive or he's going to try and dash forward, try and go with a trade with that, too. We just stay max range. We farm the Q's. >> Nice. Okay, now we can start going for trades a little bit better. I'm going to try and freeze this here because I really like the position. He's trying to stop me from uh from the freeze. Trying to use my W4 max damage. He's going to run away. I could follow up with flash, but he will flash also, so that's not going to work. Okay, good chance he's going to go for a reset here. We're just going to focus specifically onto >> stacking up the wave. Going to try and slow push it. >> Maybe get some auto attacks in here. Yeah, there you go. So, our main priority right now is to >> get this wave under tower so that we can buy more items because currently the Shen does have an advantage in terms of items himself cuz he went for teleport. >> Yeah, we block that. Go for a small trade. Walk away. If your uh abilities are on cool down, you have to walk away. Got pie out. >> Solid. Now we have to walk back to lane. Okay, good. This is a very important moment because we don't want this wave to um to be missed here because if you stay away from the wave, we're going to lose all of the XP. It's going to make me lose very hard. >> We have to stay very safe here because Katarina is currently like between top and mid. Okay, pretty good. Yeah, the wave got under tower. This is really good for us because um in this position it's going to start bouncing in my direction here. So, let's go for the shin proc. Let's go for the revillable potion. We're going to walk back here. So, this wave is now going to start pushing in my direction. This is really good because when you look very closely at the items, we have the shin proc uh dshield also ruby here. So my items are basically better in terms of the short trades. On top of that, uh we >> um if we can thin out this wave, I think we'll both hit level six at the same time. It really depends on who has that pressure. I've got the red buff I'm trying to use. Yeah, good trade. So, basically with Wukong, what you're doing is you're consistently looking for short trades and you're trying to trade while outranging your opponents. So, you're trying to position yourself in such a way that you can hit your Q and not tank anything for it, right? So, you want to go for a trade without tanking any damage. If you can do that, um, you can easily win lane that way. So, you kind of want to go back and forth, drop the Q, walk away, and you, if you go forward in a full um, so, for example, if Shen's right there, you move forward all the way, uh, he's going to be able to hit his auto attack way easier. But if you kind of like move left, right, um, you can hit it way more easily. There you go. >> And he's dead. Well, not quite, actually. Yeah, I blocked it. Figured that was probably going to happen. Apparently, there's a Mumba's up here. I think we can probably beat that. Uh, okay. This is pretty good. that only >> I could not hit my queue because unfortunately I was in the sheni ally. >> Okay, that's a true disappointment, man. I'm not going to lie. I wish I wasn't being CCD by Shen right there. I've had both my Q and E before I died. >> Super sad, but it is what it is. I think this is not going to determine my lane at all because uh the wave is pushing once again in my direction. So, we can use that. He's very low HP. So, when he's trying to backport to buy items right now, um we can freeze the lane. >> Who questions my ability? >> I think I might be able to beat him even. Oh, okay. He's respecting it. >> An enemy has been slain. Obviously, we're going to end up freezing this wave here. >> Really good. >> Very happy with the lane. Very, very happy with the lane. The only problem is he did get kills, >> but that's really it. >> He's going to lose all of the wave here. So, >> the good thing is that Shen's going to go like tank items. He's going to go armor and everything. You know, Wukong is really good versus tanks. I will take damage here for freezing, but I'm hoping that somewhere I can just hold this freeze for a bit longer. Make him deny a little bit more farm before he actually makes it back. >> Yep. Solid Q here. Another hit. This is kind of like the trades you want to be looking for. I'm going to hold it again. Do remember if you freeze like this, you're going to take damage and that's not always the greatest thing in the world. Okay, we apparently have a Leon on the way here, so that's great. But he knows. Yeah, we just keep holding it because Oh, yeah. That's Dumu. So, it's pretty obvious, but Amumu is playing around top lane. Yeah, we'll take it. Okay, let's make it back. We push it out till we're happy again. I wish I could go for plates, but unfortunately that's not possible. It's a good chance he's going to start freezing the lane. Let's go for another long sword here. Then we make it back. So, um, in terms of items, what we're going to be doing in this match is we're going to go Trinity builds. Um, after Trinity builds, we're going to be going for Sun Sky and then into Black Leaper builds. this build that I'm going with right now like Trinity into Sun Sky into Black Lever builds. You can realistically run that build into anything in the entire game. Without a doubt, you can. So again, we're going to freeze this. I think that Shen is going to look into rotating possibly with alt. Um, so we just got to freeze this, make him move forward again. Yeah, he's got that uh shields. But you can see that my Q's are starting to do a lot of damage now. Look at that. Then this is the power of playing Wukong top lane with your Q. The more points you put into your Q, um, the more it's going to stretch your opponent easily. So if they go like super tank mode, it doesn't really matter because Wukong is designed designed this way. He's very good into tanky like champions. Okay, I'm tanking the tower at the moment which I don't want to deal. Use my W for more damage. my E here. Very good. Let's push this out as well. Never happy, right? >> Just try to stop me. >> An enemy has been slain. >> Yep. And we go back. Let's get that Trinity build and then we're happy. Okay, we have a farming lead in the matchup. That's going great. Let's go for that trinity build. >> The next item we go for is going to be tailbone boots. And then we start building into a long sword. And we're going to make it back. All right. Also, we have people drilling in the background. I love that. Wait a second. I've got something for it. All right. There you go. Drilling should no longer be a thing. Let me know if you guys still hear drilling in the background. I don't know if I talk if I talk that you guys can hear the drilling. I don't know, man. I hate it so much when I have like neighbors drilling, man. I hate it so much. It's the number one thing in the world that I that I hate so much, man. I don't know how to explain it, but it's gone for you guys. Okay, good. That's good to know. Yeah, I've got a filter I can put on my microphone that if people are drilling in the background, I can remove it. It's at the cost of other things. Like you guys like hearing my keyboard and everything, but if I turn on this filter, uh you guys cannot hear that anymore. >> Amumu is on Drake at the moment. Katarina is also pathing back mid lane. We are completely low with the Shannon here. So, I'm going to try and see if he can actually win this. He thinks he's going to win this. If he kept going there, I would win that easily. I would say that's a decent trade. We got him low enough. We got my teleport if needed. Got to be careful about the Amumu here. Now it's all about getting that plate and we're happy again. >> Yep, we got that plate. Uh, he's going to tank it. Yeah, >> once again, really good in mid lane, so we don't have to think about that. >> And the lane's pretty much over. >> Very good. Both the junglers are perman camping um top lane, >> but we still win this match up like really easily. No problem at all. We have a massive lead. Okay, maybe if we're lucky, we can also get more plates here as well. Going to give that a try. Yeah, might be able to get in one more. We're keeping my W as a way to like walk away. Yeah, there's actually somebody here, but the amum is actually quite low right now. Nice. Going to reset. Dino's got this guy too. Maybe, maybe not. And let's get that sun sky. In terms of the builds, we are going to go for the for merks. We're going to need that one. And let me also grab another long sword for the sun sky build. Okay, let me turn let me turn off the filter again. There you go. If people start drilling, I'm going to turn it back on. >> So, we've got the uh Drake coming up in 5 seconds. We've got my teleport. This is a very, very good situation to be in because right now I'm in top lane. If something is going to happen, I can teleport towards it and we can basically outnumber the enemy team that way. Now, of course, we are playing against a Shen, and that means he can always press R or use his own teleport to uh make it to the to the objective as well. So, it's not like super optimal, but this is what you want to do cuz if Shen is up here, you can also one that guy very easily. And in this case, he's actually mid lane, which means we can actually grab those plates for free, which is a massive mistake by him. >> Look at what we're gaining here, right? Your team has destroyed a turret. >> And they're going for Drake right now. So, I'm going to try and get two more plates to create a bigger lead. >> Your team has destroyed a turret. >> I think I might go for teleport here. Seems like Shen is already back. I specifically chose to do this because my teammate was dead. Um, I could still make a play though. Seems like I don't need to. They're winning. >> Okay, let's grab that. Sell this. >> Go for Ruby. >> I specifically choose to keep my teleport in this case because my teammates are winning here. It would be a mistake if I actually teleported. Yeah, this guy's 100% dead. >> Yep. No chance for that guy. Okay. An enemy has been slain. >> I think we could maybe get that tower, too. I'm going to give that a try. Yes, we can. If we're very lucky, we can even get more plates on this one as well. But the things I do see that Shen's missing. So, we'll be respecting it. I don't think it's possible for me to grab this camp here because I think that they're on their way back. I'll go back top lane one more time. And we're going to try and split push that out. I want to get my sun sky completed, which we can't do right now. Yeah, there you go. Okay, we're ready. We can buy this under sky. We can complete that item. Nope. Not going to push it any further because I have to go bot lane to fight against that Shen. Right now we got Jin versus Shen which is really bad because obviously Shen can just tank everything. Uh let's buy that and let's make it back. I need to 1v one specifically that Shen by myself. I'm going to ask that Jin if he can bait for me. So uh maybe that works. That's fine. I can do this myself. >> Adapt to all situations. Yeah, I think we got him. Just have to chase down for a bit. Ah, maybe we don't. Yeah, I think we got it. Actually, I don't think we do. We do, actually. Nice. It uh that was a lot of effort to to get that champ, but I'd say 100% worth it, man. I would do it all over. Uh it's only Katarina and Tomkench right now. So let's uh go ahead. We shall push this out. Nice. Let's go for plates here. I'll try and get one more cuz they're still dead. The plates in this game are one of the most important things in the current meta. Okay, we're fine. Uh, I don't think we're fine now. I could use a camp to like dash, but no, I'm dead. I could have maybe like as an option went here so I could use my E on the jungle camp so I can run run away, but it's fine. It's okay. We died. All right, next thing we're going to do, we're going to go for the uh Black Leaver build. Black Leaver is super important on Wukong, especially if you're running into um tank matchups. They've actually got three champions in this game that are all tanks. Shen, Amomu, and Tomkan are all tanks. So, you want to build Black Beaver. This is a very important item that's going to completely change the entire match. Um, one thing too, we got Drake coming up in about less than a minute. Now, usually I would say like go top lane, split push that all the way out, but it's already pushed out. Drake is coming up in 50 seconds. So, we're going to go mid lane first and then from mid lane, we will rotate off to Drake. >> You got it. >> Might consider going for a fight here. just really depends. Okay. Yep, that's another one. Now, that's a free drake. When I went for this fight, I quickly uh taken a look and see which people were alive at the time. There were about uh I believe three people dead. There was only two people alive, which means that I knew we were going to win that fight regardless of what happened because I'm very strong. My jungle was very strong. If we beat them, we get this drake for free. So that's why I prioritized. I pinged for my jungler to move because obviously if we beat them, we get that drake. You know, that's what matters most, right? >> Let's grab all of this here >> again. Massive fight at mid lane. My team's My team is just winning that. So again, not much to worry about. This guy is going full tank mode. I don't have the black lever yet, unfortunately. >> I'm a bit surprised there's no dash. I was expecting one destroyed. Uh, we are pretty much alone with that guy. I might have to go for a teleport now. Got to help out my team on the Baron cuz there's like two people messing with them. >> Okay, I try and position myself in the direction she was going into, but unfortunately that just failed here. That's a Katarina chasing my team down, but we're standing too far away from it, so that's not going to work sadly. Unfortunate. I think that Malight could have made a difference. I think he could have done that. Okay, the next item we're going with is going to be a Sterox gauge because this item is will make us more uh even more stronger in terms of team fights. We're going to need that sterox gauge to like tank damage. We have pretty much the core builds. Like once you get Trinity, Sun Sky, Black Lever, you have the core build. You can use that into literally anything. This build is very good. Okay, I just got to wait for like one more I think one more team fight. That's that's going to be it. We have a super OP team fight because we have a Wukong all dino all small fight ultimate and we have Leono um Leona CC. The team fights are absolutely un losable. We just have to group for them. Uh yeah, that's pretty much it. I think we might be able to win this here. Uh we're just missing our mid laner. That's really it. I'm still willing to go for a team fight anyways cuz I think we will win this. Yep. I was considering jumping into that too, but unfortunately my ultimate just expired. Yeah, absolutely got that. Yeah. >> Yeah. This game is over, man. Our team fight is too strong. Your team inhibitor. Yeah, I think this might be completely it. Maybe not. >> Okay, keep going. >> Still fine. Doesn't matter. Uh, let's go for Yeah, let's go for this item here. All right. But yeah, you can see >> uh you can pretty much see if it comes down to team fights, it is a matter of dashing into the target that you can easily catch. For example, like AD carry, you can catch it very easily because you can W in, you can, you know, pressure combo with your alt. One thing you need to know is that when you try to mainly focus ADC or AP, it doesn't matter. Once you delete them and you're casting R, do make sure you you actually hit it on everybody else. So, your primary focus will be AD carries, you know, AP champions as well. But do make sure you also cast your R and hit as many people as you can because the knockup does make a very very large difference. Even though it's like a like a really small like knockup, it still makes a very big difference cuz that one second can can mean the difference for your team. Okay, we have another solid fight here. Team is actually winning before I even make it. Pretty good. No idea what that guy's doing. I'm willing to flash, but I can also wait for my W to come back. Never ready. >> Show me the path. >> H. Nah, there's no need to. That drake is already ours. Oh, >> we just respecting that guy. I'm surprised to see that guy here. I'm ready for a team fight to be honest. We got everybody here and I'm pretty sure we win. Perfect example of an ultimate. >> It couldn't be better. We literally knocked up everybody aside from one guy. And then we catch that AD carry. Okay. Hey, either way, this is uh Wukong top lane. Thank you so much for watching today's Wukong [music] video and I'll see you guys next time. Peace.
