Title: 3 Minute Lux Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nl0xuXZDT7g

Content:
Why play Lux support? Well, she brings high AoE damage. She has very annoying poke. Her shield is surprisingly strong, and her lockdown is also brilliant. However, she is skillshot reliant on everything she does, and she is very squishy if caught out. Lux's passive is after landing an ability on an enemy, they're marked for 6 seconds. Attacking them or using her ultimate on them will consume this mark to deal bonus damage. Lux's Q is a straight line skill shot, which deals damage to the first two enemies hit and roots them both. Lux's W is a straight line skill shot, and when it hits max range, it will then come back to her. Allies hit by this are granted a shield both on the way out and on the way back to her. And Lux is granted a shield when she throws it out, and when she catches it again, Lux's E is her bread and butter. She throws out a circle onto the floor, which will remain there for 5 seconds and slow enemies within. However, after 5 seconds or when Lux chooses to reactivate this, it will instead detonate, dealing damage to enemies within and slowing them. This ability deals so much damage and can be incredibly frustrating to be constantly avoiding all game. Lux's ultimate is a very long range straightline skill shot which deals damage to all enemies hit and reveals them. This ability is also famous for being on a very low cool down so you want to use it as often as possible. For combos, a good go-to is to Q and E and use W on your allies. From here, attack and then detonate your E into more attacks. Your all-in is to Q and E and W your allies. From here, attack and fire your ultimate. Detonate your E just before the alt goes off so you can pop the passive from your E with your ultimate before following up with more attacks. And later in the game, once you've got some items behind you, simply landing the Q into E and alt combo following up with an attack will explode most champions who haven't bought any resistances. For matchups, Lux plays well into aggressive mele support, being able to bully them most of the laning phase while disengaging from them with Q as needed. However, she can struggle against some of the stronger enchanters who will negate a lot of her poke damage in the early game and simply outscale her as the game goes on. For runes, take this comet combined with a slow from her E or the root from her Q is just free extra damage. For build order, sell world atlas and pots into audent tier two boots and upgrade to a zazax. From here, a storm surge and shadow flame is massive burst damage before finishing a build with any of these as needed. For skill order, start E, then Q, then take a second point in E before taking W. From here, max E, then Q, then W, taking ult whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and heal. Although ignite is great if you're just looking to get kills. For synergies, Lux loves a carry who can sit back with her and poke away. Starting the game, you're looking to poke and threaten allins. You'll be spending a lot of the game spamming E at your opponent. And when you get level three for two points in E and level five for three points in E, they start to chunk them. Your Q is your kill threat and your safety. If anyone tries to engage on you, Q will stop them in their tracks. And when looking for a kill, Q guarantees your entire E and alt combo. Entering the mid game, take your tower as soon as possible and rotate mid with your carry. Pressure the tower, poke your opponent out, and look for picks. Entering late game team fights, play as the backline mage. Before the fight even starts, you want to poke enemies out with as many ease as possible. Once the fight starts, make sure to shield your entire team with W and then look to explode someone. And that's how to play Lux Support. If this video helped you, leave a like and comment below who you want to see
