Title: FULL LIFESTEAL VAYNE IS IMPOSSIBLE TO KILL ( HEAL TO FULL HP IN SECONDS ) Demoncursed Vayne 500+ AD
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63EVDcm4BFs

Content:
I feel no fear. I feel no fear. What's up, guys? It's a tornado here and today we are going to play max heal full life steal and omnivamp Vayne on the mid lane with Hextech Gunblade, which you probably have never ever seen before on Vayne, and I'm excited to try this playing against Katarina. And I hope that you enjoyed this intro. Let me know if you want more like that. Every single item that I build will provide healing, also runes, but to make the laning phase stronger, I went for Press the Attack for more damage and Bone Plating, which really helps in this assassin matchup. My goal is to poke her as much as I can while hitting level two first, and that way we're going to build advantage and dominate the lane. We are going to use Bloodthirster, which has a pretty solid build path, as we can get a lot of attack damage and the shield with good amount of healing, and I think it's great for this matchup. And Blade of the Ruined King for synergy into previously mentioned Gunblade. Remember that the best trading pattern is getting in auto attack range first, and then immediately after you launch an auto attack, you should Q and auto attack again. And I can go for the kill now. So, getting range with auto first, Q, E, and she's dead. Bye. Yes, the first of many. I hope so, Vayne. She said it's the first kill of many. And you know what's so amazing about this? With full build and ultimate active, we're going to have over 500 attack damage, so imagine that potential, especially considering the fact that with more AD comes more healing. Keep in mind that this build is for fun, and let me know in the comments if you want more Vayne videos or some other champion using this full lifesteal build. So, now I'm going to show you a common mistake that many players do by pressing Q like this. And next time I'm going to trade properly again. Proper trading allowed me for the first kill. If you begin the trade with the Q, you are unlikely to apply extra autos, so only Q forward when it seems to be safe. And it's the only way to reach the target without taking enemies trade in return. As you can see by overextending with Q, I lost too much HP, but I could just switch with auto. So, I wanted to show you what to avoid. If you keep the Q and begin trading with an auto attack, then you can always react to enemies movement with your Q, so you can dodge abilities or create more distance, which I couldn't if I pressed Q immediately, right? And I hope that this will help you in your Vayne games, especially on bot lane. I also hope that you enjoyed this, and if you do, you can like and subscribe. I do stream as well and coaching for Vayne, so if you're interested, you can check out the description. Here comes Nunu. Oh. Nice. Well played. Let's grab the wave. Oh. That's fine. Let's see. And I can still get away. Clean. Nothing left to hide. Condemn more damage if the enemy collides with terrain. What a start. That would be amazing to have BF sword right now. But okay. I cannot wait in base for too long. Akali is coming. Oh, they didn't back despite my pings. And Akali is coming back, so Wow, then they interrupt, even better. So, now all I have to do is to push. I get free plate and she's losing more CS. We have Blitz top. Exactly like I wanted. I will heal, but she took a lot of damage. And that full life steal will be useful against Ramos. He's going to reflect damage doing damage to me. Yes, this is for the damage. And now she is likely forced to back. Yeah. Which means we push again. So predictable. Tragic. I want to stay for an item. Evil surrounds us. No mana, but it's fine. Another down. Good. Four kills. Let's go Blade of Drinking first. Demons nest inside the living. Drive them out. Tell me. Condemn wooden save. No, no. I feel no fear. I feel no fear. Yeah, let's force Kata to stay. But like if she stay like this, I don't have to push. Ah, something in me it craves, it wants. Wow. Now I heal. And she's still there. The boots, yes. Darkness. Poison. Calculated. I skipped the animation on the queue like this. Okay. Currently I have no vote. But I got two votes. >> [snorts] >> Yeah, I got zoned. An ally has been slain. Let's fight. And the flash. Okay, even better. Interrupted her recall. She's one for so not giving much gold. This item is amazing like look while above half HP you deal increased damage and below you heal for more. And first turret. Let's help botlane. Hey Rammus. How they know I'm coming? I was quick. Got her. coming too, right? No, she's not there. Okay. I couldn't like when you lose vision condemn cancels also as well. I know Kata is pushing for free now, but it was worth trying. Just go back. That was fun. Back to mid lane. Oh, she's dead. She knows she's barely giving gold. Just here for a plate. I still have to farm for a lot of items. Maybe Shyvana is just lane swapping. So, that extra healing from boots applies every time I should go silver boots. So on Ferocious. An ally has been slain. I can get more gold from plates. Their anguish it bleeds, marking the path. Uh also yeah, like I should ultimate. Do we contest? I need gin. I need aid. Don't let them. Well, it was difficult to reach. I couldn't. They got smite advantage anyway. See no more pain. Two dragons. Let them have it. And yeah, next I want to get gunblade. I have never seen that on lane and she actually has AP scaling on the Q. So it's not that strong. An enemy has been slain. Too far gone. An ally has been slain. >> I have more plates. He has no mana added. I just push. They're probably coming at me. Yeah. Let's see. Okay, he just went to clear the other part of the map. I won't trigger old for Katarina. Wow, she flashed. Maybe she just got it. Okay, that would be two V1, so I'm not staying. Let's go at Shyvana. And I pushed up. Okay, almost gunblade. Katarina picking up kills, that's typical. You know, you can destroy her on the lane and she's just collecting kills later. Okay, that means she's worth gold again. Time for gunblade. So, already I have a lot of life steal and let's see now. The omnivamp. Next I could get QSS. So, this builds into Skirmisher's granting life steal. Nice choice cuz they have stun. Now I got a nice slow when I'm chasing. So, before I reach with my blade of drinking which also slows. Oh. I hope they don't surrender. So, I got the slow. Okay, let's flash. Maybe it will be easier to do dragon. Okay, we drag it here. And hopefully we kill Ramos first. Oh, what? They did baron. Okay, I didn't expect that. Nice one. Now they all respond. I say we should back. 39% lifesteal. I've got four levels advantage over Kata. Oh, we push through. Nice one. So, we're getting a new champ. Nice slow. Yes. Twice. Twice. >> Katarina is going to have to back. Let's deal with bot lane. Katarina so Jin is baiting them but they're also backing. Follow. Nah, they're just going to back. Okay. Flash. Fine. I didn't want to chase more cuz I knew they would just catch me. See that? So now I need to farm for that full item. Look at the stats already. Like the healing. Uh-oh. It was Rama's too. It would be hard to save him. That's right. >> [screaming] >> Oh, this is a bad fight. Oh, they escape. They win because they catch someone first. Yes. 30 seconds for dragon. Yeah, let's hope. No escape for you this time. And 42% life steal. We really need baron. Yes, oh actually got it. Cutter has so much damage. Let's secure dragon. I go kind of drinker for now. And then I switch. It's right for the taking. I have to enter like this invisible. Wow, juicy damage. Where are you going? Okay, borrow. Yeah, it should be ours. I go for it. Ignore. Ignore her. She's just trying to buy some time. Okay, you got it. I've got Ash. Yes. Huge. Nope, you don't use this. Let's go. What a carry. This build is fun cuz as you can see you still have a lot of damage. Okay, so I hope you enjoyed this. You can like and subscribe. I also do coaching for Vayne and other ADCs at mid laners. So if you are interested you can contact me on Discord in the video description. Also check out my stream and my other channel as well. Let me know what do you think. Thanks for watching and see you next time.
