Title: LS | Patch 26.9 Rundown - NEW SEASON, NEW ITEMS, NEW RUNES
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Mbrq_ui5Tw

Content:
Hey everyone, it's LS and it has been forever since patch rundowns have now returned to the main YouTube channel and we're going to be back in the swing of doing these things. So, this is season 2. There's a lot to talk about. One thing that is in this patch I will not be talking about here. It's going to be a different lengthier conversation. I will touch on it briefly inside of this rundown and then we will go from there. So, okay. Roll quest. Quest progression. Quest point penalty applied to CS turret play. It's 50 to 75% decreasing down to 0% based on quest progression. Take things off in season 2. We're having a set of changes to roll quests that are aimed at making them generally more understandable and less punishing. With this update, we're lessening penalties when you need to get out of your lane towards the end of laning phase. Um, okay. So, quest penalty uh quest quest point penalty applied to CS turret plates 50% 75% decreasing down to zero. So, the really weird thing about this is unless there is something that I'm totally misunderstanding um about quest penalties, um I believe that there's also a timer in which this falls off um or like the hard timer falls off and then something else ends up taking over in which case it's still totally fine. And this is just totally okay. It doesn't matter. And I'm saying this because lane swaps uh still exist, but they are just never utilized. So, there is that. Quest rewards XP increase plus 12.5% from all sources to 80 flat exp on champion takedown plus 11% from all other sources. So So this is the XP increase. So help out top laners. So 1.5% exp from all sources to a flat 80 exp on champion takedown which will typically occur in Midame. So let's see. So this would normally net you. So every so per two waves you would get 10 exp. So uh roughly so every eight minion waves every eight minion waves you would okay get 10 per two. This is honestly probably balances out but it's a major buff to solo Q. So for competitive there's actually going to be instances where this is a nerf but as soon as if you just get two takedowns this basically can't be chased. the 1.5% uh well it's 1.5% from all source. Oh, hold on. You get one point even champion take. No, there's still no way. It's just a major buff. It's just a major buff. The the number is so ridiculously unchasable unless you are farming the enemy junglers like camps in addition to taking all the waves and getting takedowns. I just don't think that this is chasable in like a meaningful manner. Yeah, this is just a nice buff. Empowered recall 300 seconds reduced by 60 seconds on takedown to 6% bonus AD and 6% uh bonus AP. This is just a buff. Um yeah, this is just a ma a massive buff. Uh the empowered recall is way worse than getting the bonus AP and AD. It's just how it is. The empower the empowered recall is so fake in so many ways. Um it just does not matter. You're talking about 4 seconds. Sometimes you have to also apply the home guards um and you apply like different HP values or mana values that you would have at that point in time you run off the base. that just does not matter. The 6% bonus AP is way more valuable. The the the way to end up looking at this is that you got two infernal drakes. You got two Infernal Drakes for free. Like, that is just so crazy. That's so crazy. You get two infernal dragons in exchange for not having 4 seconds off of the empowered version, which you might not even have had at specific points, which is like so difficult and like bad. Uh it's so weird. We feel like Bot is a little too strong in Snowbally. uh bonus takedown gold is going down by 10. This does not matter. There is no instance. So, let me explain to you what 10 gold is. Let me explain what 10 gold is. 10 gold is 4 and 1/2 seconds in-game timer. 4 and a half seconds. I think like the number is like really close to five, but it it's like between four and a half and five. And then you have to make the input command, which then you factor in a mess um and like whatever to like use the gold, assuming you would have the exact number. This is fake. It's so fake. It's so fake. Even if you like, my lord, even if you got five takedowns, five takedowns, it would still be like 20 seconds in-game timer cuz the the the passive gold game uh that you get just like it's so weird. Game systems, minion waves, minion melee health, uh 430, uh minion slayer, minion damage, uh uh public execution. Okay, so th this the minion the minion health stuff is a little bit then plus 35 uh after this has happened five times. So it eventually catches up. Okay, here's a minion wave durability mostly around mid and late laning phase to help minion uh help increase minion action. This should also have a minor impact on opening up roaming windows as well as slightly increase wave stacking effects, allowing teams to spend a bit more time outside of the lane while a wave builds up. Okay. Um that's fine. I mean, these these these changes aren't going to ever meaningfully be utilized or like played around or something. That's totally fine. So, Ambessa, Embsa has carried the Madarda legacy a bit too well. Her brutality and fantasy has resonated with her mains. Um, okay. So, the cast time, so this is a little bit weird. Does this mean So, there's two ways to interpret this. Does this mean the speed at which the thing comes out and she's revealed or does it mean her lockout? Or does it mean both? Because if it's both, that's actually a really big deal. If if if it's just the speed at which it comes out, that doesn't really matter. I it this one gets a little bit weird. It is it's an underappreciated nerf. It's actually bigger than you would think. The the the 0.15, especially when it plays against her assassin style. Like this is a this is a big thing to hit. And then obviously people are going to have to relearn the uh stop command muscle memory. Um assuming that it is the lag. So that's fine. Brier health growth is going to go down by five per level. So in laning phase, she ends up losing half an auto attack extra of uh HP. So there's that. And then at the way later stages of the game, you end up losing like half a ruby. So not the most impactful thing. Does not alter why you would ever pick Brier or prevent you from picking Brier or anything like that. Ezreal mystic shot AP ratio is going to go up by 25%. Okay, so now if you get 25%. So if you end up building Leandre's or if you were building Leandre before versus now you build it um you know you're getting 25% extra which now means that you're getting an extra 15 damage on your queue um with that AP item, right? If you end up building uh Ludens or you know something like that then I mean getting getting an extra 15% on that is also like somewhat meaningless. Um but these numbers obviously add up. So you keep landing a lot then the benefit is going to be there. This is really big for support Ezreal more than it is some of the other things but it opens up hybrid possibilities. The AP ratio on W now going from 70 to 90% to just 90 flat does now allow for nonW max builds. Even though that is the giant nuke, you don't actually need to put the points in it in order to reap the benefits of that extra 20% AP in order to better utilize it. AP ratio on R also going up by 20%. He's getting a lot of AP uh added into his full combo. Damage to minions and modifier, etc. Um the damage to minions, non-pic monsters is now going down. And so this would obviously hurt with uh wave clearing and csing and stuff like that. That's totally fine. And then uh now, however, it has a massively higher AP ratio. So um you end up getting Wow, that's really nuts. That's actually that is really So full AP Ezreal is going to end up having more damage even even on this. But um that's actually really cool. Okay. Um, Grogas. All right. So, AP Ezrael support is going to be the best thing that comes out of this, but there are going to be hybridization builds now that utilize Leandre's for sure with all of these changes, especially because now you can get Leandre's at an earlier point in the game and it it doesn't penalize you as much as it norm as it otherwise would have. So, I mean, all all these things are totally fine. Okay. Grogas W drunken rage uh 10 to 18% plus 4% per 100 AP to 10 to 26% uh plus 4% AP. So the thing about Grogas from my understanding is W you don't get points in it until way later. So because you don't get points in this until way later, you're not getting anything early and then even when you start to get the early points into it and you're talking about a 2 or 4% damage reduction. Um which at the absolute end it ends up being an 8% damage reduction. 8%'s kind of funny because that's the that's the value where you start talking about getting ruby crystals. Um so like in the way later stages of the game way later which defeats the entire purpose of why you would have picked Grogas in the first place and you're not actually seeing a benefit or a buff. So if any of the reasons currently are on the previous patch you would have been picking Grogas those still same exact reasons are still present and the extra ability to say that hey conditionally while drunken rage is active if I take this damage threshold at max rank I will have earned these amount of ruby crystals and that cannot be justification for picking the champion in which this is it's I I don't want to call it a placebo buff because it is definitely big but it's placebo in terms of what it's intended to do. Okay, canon. Our second uh lost play style is AD cannon. In this case, we're adding critical strikes synergy to canon's W and E. While a more attack speed focused on hit hybrid build may stand out as a more intuitive choice for auto attack focus cannon, we actually think it would spill over too hard into a standard AP builds and want to avoid adjustments to his typical play style uh in order to enable this one. So, uh critical strikes now extend the duration of lightning rush's attack speed buff by 1 second uh up uh to the initial duration of 4 seconds. This can happen any number of times. That's actually really interesting. So again, like for like runons or something, this is really funny. Instead of going static shiv, you uh you know, like runons and like things like this uh become kind of funny. Passive damage can now critical strike for 140% plus 40% of bonus critical strike damage. There's going to be funny builds with this. I just don't think that it matters. I think unhit cannon is still better than AP cannon. AP cannon is a joke and should never be picked. And yet sometimes people default to it because when you think of AP top laner like if if if you think of some basic terms that people will say it's like uh basic AP top laner um you know we need engage or something Kenan's one of the first things they think of um and that's why Kennon gets picked. Shyvana, with Shyvana having been out for a few patches, we've taken stock of where she's landed and identified two uh areas to address, broadening bruiser item viability and uh sharpening the distinction between AD and AP builds. For differentiation, uh for differentiation, AD Shvyana looks to engage in more sustained combat through auto attacks followed by big Q hits using your W for sustain and sticking power and E for supplementary chase power. AP Shyvana, by contrast, centers stammers around R and E and then W existing as a way to weave in and out of combat. sort of like the old Shyvana that people used to play last year before the rework um when Griffin was really popularizing her. So, the attack speed is actually going to go up. The attack speed ratio, however, is going to go down. So, that's going to be fine. Attack growth is going to go up by one. So, you actually at level 18, you get two extra long swords. Um so, that's actually kind of funny. And you're even getting a long sword in Midame for free that you would have otherwise not had. That's kind of funny, too. Passive 1% plus 1.1 uh 1.1% per 100 AP. maximum health to 1 uh% plus 1.1% per 100 bonus AD. Um, so they're changing. Okay, so they're making the Q go they're making the Q turn into AD and then the hit reduction is going back down to 0.5 and now Okay, so they're frontloading a lot of stuff. The damage on this, however, is going to go up all across the board. So the the the passive of it is going to go down. Oh, there's a weird math equation on this. There's a weird weird math equation. That's totally fine. Cool down ticks in the background if you're not okay. W Inferno Aegis cool down 14 to 12 to 13 to 9. Massive buff. Shield 60 to Wow, that's a massive buff. 140 + 5% max health to 75 to 155 plus 12% bonus health. That is still just a massive buff. What? That is like that's so big. Oh my lord. like in most AP bruiser items that you would build, this is still like it it's not chasing it exactly for like bruiser shyvana, but the fact that you get a flat 15 and now you're you're getting the 12% on the bonus for like items that you'd pick up, that's very big. Um, damage is going to be 80 to 160, 40% bonus AD, 20% AP to 80 to 160 plus 65. Wow, 45% AP on W. That's crazy. Dragon form heal is also okay. So dragon form heal it. Okay. Uh 260 oh missing. Okay. Based on level okay that's fine. W move speed separated from shield. Okay. Emol and burst cool down is going to go 12 to 10 to 12 to 8. The base is going down. Oh my god. The base went down 100. But like the the reality is is that the base in Midame on almost all champions is made up by this. Just the base is made up by this. But it's buffed on every champion that it's hitting. It doesn't matter. This is just buffed. And then 80%. So you get now you get another 10% AP. So the base is increased. Base is increased massively. And AP is up by 10%. The slow is now at a flat 30, which fine. Against same target, however, is down by 10%. Okay. Shyvana AP is going to be really funny. She has more frequency, more utility. She's able to move around more. She's able to get more casts off, which is very beneficial. And then with certain builds, she's going to be able to Yeah, it's going to be like the old Shyvana. That's really cool. Okay, Tomkench, uh, Watley already talked about this and went over it. It's extremely fake. Move speed on allied devour. Um, you know, getting 20% extra movement speed for the duration is like somewhat I it's mostly fake. They want to keep Tom away from certain things because people as soon as they remember that he can exist in the support role, things get very funny. Um Tom Kench his best roles. Now Tom receives a very big indirect buff via itemization I think in the same exact patch. So Tom is like really funny because he he's on the precipice of being viable in jungle and mid. And I think Riot like wants to just pay attention to these things or even like fasting Tomkench support uh with Senna and um now the uh the change to Dusk and Dawn. Tia Q threaded volley base damage uh fi uh going up by a flat five bonus monster damage however is going down so it just ends up being a buff toy um it just ends up being a buff that's totally fine toxic shot new uh AD ratio 10% bonus AD um so for okay I thought it was new initial oh and then 30% so it gets a 40% bonus AD over 4 seconds what this does for Teemo is in certain lanes where he wanted to open Dblade so that he has the flat uh he has the flat at HP and that his auto attacks hit against the opponent harder. Um, and then he's able to use like the omnivamp and like whatever else, etc. That version of Teemo has been buffed. That version and on hit Teemo with like Guinsus um, and things like this, that is all buffed. All of that is now buffed by this. Um, Blade of the Ruin King and these types of builds, etc. I don't think this is like really real. And then also even if they were the thing about blade of the ruin king and on you know attack speed builds and blah blah blah blah is that you'd be hitting them so consistently and again this this does apply to Ginsus but like uh it does apply to you know in a negative way. It also applies to the blade build where you're rapidly hitting them which means the dot isn't totally ticking. So it's not actually 30% bonus AD until the last one um because you're getting dots and then reapplying it right because you keep endlessly auto attacking them. Um so there's some interesting stuff there. Now, the thing is that Blade of the Room King has such low AD anyway that you're not getting a whole lot out of it. But still, I mean, it's totally fine. Udier, um, the Q stuff, just check out Malice's Twitter. I'm not going to go into this. Mal is probably also going to be streaming it, playing it a lot, um, over the next like couple of days or weeks, who knows? Um, and then I think Sawyer said he's making a video on it. Uh, it might have already made it. It might be up on YouTube or something like that. Um, and that would be totally fine. Uh, the the the Q Udier stuff is just going to be crazy. This is also really good because these changes help the non-experienced Udier players actually play him because it's the simpler version of the play style than the tank AP control Udier that requires a lot more damage foresight and just knowledge of you know limit testing inside of fights and blah blah blah blah. Okay. Um All right. Warwick uh our favorite wolf boy Warwick has been struggling to find his place for uh some over some time. We're looking to soften the blow of his transition into late game by bringing up some of his scaling. Okay. So on hit damage is going to go from 6 to 55. And I don't know at what increments he's getting this. I think this is level three. So at level at level three, he gets 2.25 more uh per auto attack. Huge. Um and then I assume this is level six or I I don't know exactly what these break points are. He would end up getting 4.5 more. These are such meaningless amounts. Although on his R, it is just an outright buff. So like even his R at like these early increments, it actually does give him a flat big buff. Um, and then in addition to the autos that he would follow up the R with Warwick's probably getting I would I would wager he's getting like under a 100red extra damage, which that's okay for like a combo sequence or something. That is okay. Zeno passive determination healing three four or 5% max HP to 3 4 5% max HP 50 uh 65 90% AP versus the 65% um at all levels uh oh levels 1 six uh uh and 11. Um, and now it's just at levels 1611, he gets an extra he gets an extra 25% AP. So, an extra 25% AP. So, if you have 100 AP, then you get an extra 25 heal. Like, what? That doesn't matter. You have 200 AP. Okay, you get an extra 50 heal on your passive. This is I don't want to say that it's fake because it adds up with his passive, especially like for top lanes in Jiao. For jungles in Jiao, it's a little bit weird. It does give him some extra itemization things and maybe he'll end up getting like a ruby crystal inside of a team fight that he would have not otherwise had. But I mean there's that slow on thrust 50% per 1.5 seconds plus.5 per 100 AP. So I mean so it can increase the the the the slow duration which is actually kind of funny. Um the slow can increase dramatically. Audacious charge is now going to get 60% added to it. That is crazy for a point andclick. And then attack speed but plus one. Oh, okay. Per per 5% per something's not right here. Something is not right with like Dusk and Dawn. Zing Xiao is going to have so many funny weird builds with Dusk and Dawn and something else because of the what they've done to Dusk and Dawn. This is really bizarre. So, APS and Xiao, last year when we were doing the mid lane tier list, me and Cat Evolved, we talked about um different itemization paths and different things that were viable. Um, and you know, he actually brought up how he was playing Ziao in like top I think he was playing him in like challenger or whatever. And then there's also, I think, a Korean Zingo that also was playing him in like GM Korea. Um, he was playing like an AP variant of Zing Xiao. And now these are just steroids in addition to like the indirect buffs that he's received. It's really crazy. Zer's changes have pushed her over time to become more of a bursty assassin than fantasy. That uh Okay. Uh right click range is going up by 50. Execute threshold is going up by a negligible amount. Okay. Um that doesn't matter. Uh plus 20% AP. 2% AP is like just think of how crazy that sounds. By the way, 2% extra AP. Just think about how absurd that is. You get an AP item that gives you 100, you got two extra on the execute threshold. Just think of how ludicrous that actually is. just contextualize what you're reading. Um, but anyways, Q burst fire uh 15 to uh 23 and then 104 120% AD scaling to 21. So the old rank for flat the old rank for flat and then you lose Oh, but you end up losing. Ooh, 33. So you get an extra 10. Ooh. Oh, it's just a buff. Excess attack speed to 80. Conversion, however, is down by 20%. Okay, now forced uh forced quick cash. Okay, ultra shock laser uh wall crit multiplier is going to go down by 25%. AP ratio, however, is going to go up by 25%. This is all fake. Uh bonus magic damage on the E um is going to go up flat early and then scale now with AP. So, I guess what they're trying to do is they're trying to make some sort of a hybrid build somehow come out. Applies on attacks and abilities versus champions. Applies on attacks versus everything. That's super big. And then our lightning crash burst AD ratio doesn't matter. MS per stack is going up and then stack duration is going up to 2.5. So there is definitely a hybrid build. I will think more on this after this video probably or like when I'm laying down in bed or something and I'll I'll probably start thinking about items and whatnot um and combinations because that is interesting. Okay, Zoe, uh look to move some of Zoe's power out of laning phase checking and more into skillful outplay around her bubble, which means that Zoe's best role, which is already support, gets better. W uh damage per bull is going down flat and it's also going down by AP which you don't have in early laning phase. So the the flat is the thing that you really feel the most. Total damage 60 to 180 uh to 45 to uh 30%. So losing 15% AP does not matter. Sleepy bubble trouble 16 to 12 to 18 to 14. However, it refunds 16 to 30. And on support Zoey, it's the uh it's the second max stability cuz you do Q to three points and then you max E. Uh so that you have it in in uh Midame. So, for support Zoey, this is busted beyond belief. I mean, I'm just going to I'm I mean, I'm just going to message Busio really quick uh as I'm as I'm doing this. Uh, okay. Axiomark uh flux on takedown refund 15% plus uh point 15% per lethality of your ultimate's total cool down uh to 10% plus point. This is really fake. You don't buy axiomark. I mean, in solo Q it's fine. In solo Q, totally fine. Um but realistically, you're not getting this with the expectation that you're going to get it up twice in a team fight anyway. It's just really fake. Um, and so I mean, yeah, there's nothing there. Doron's bow, attack damage, uh, six, and then attack speed is going to be 12, omnivamp 1.5. Now, some people would say, why would they want this over, uh, the Doron's blade? And that is a that's a good question. So, here's the thing. Uh, Doran's Blade comes with the 80 HP, right? Which already is a really funny number, right? especially because some lanes you're able to go potionless, some lanes you're able to go long sword refillables, other lanes you're able to go call as your starting item, etc. The other thing that people might not mention about this is that you're now able to go double adaptive. So you can go double adaptive and then you can take you don't have to take the attack speed shard anymore which means all of your hits are hitting for way harder in addition to your skills which means that that's now chasing in addition to the uh increase in attack speed the 3% that's now chasing the HP that you're missing in a in a very extended trade but not specifically against the burst. Um so this is very funny. Um I'll probably do a specific video on this as well. New Doron's helm. Health is going to be 100. Armor and magic resistance are both 10. Helping hand, five on hit verse minions. This is basically an item for bruisers that want to trade against you, but don't value the sustain of Doron's shield. That is what Doron's helm is is mostly for. Um, so it's for bruisers to now have an offensive tool that is not dshield. Um, that is that's what this is doing. Um, and another funny thing, this also technically helps out protoplasm a little bit for champions that would like build that. And yeah, it's it's just for champions that like especially Doron shield, it really falls off after typically first or second reset for a lot of bruisers and even tanks, it falls off really hard. So there's definitely going to be lanes where you don't need the sustain from dshield and or the trade patterns, etc. if you're being really pragmatic about it are are not going to benefit that much more than this. Okay, Dusk and Dawn now also heals the user for 10% AP plus 3% bonus HP. So this is what I was talking about with Tom Kench. Um, so Tom Kench, Jinghao, Jax, there's a lot of funny champions that this is going to be really funny for that are going to use this now as their version of Sundered Sky. The health is going to go down by a flat 50. Doesn't matter. You basically get it back almost immediately upon procing this bubble blade even once. And then the ability power is going to go down by a flat 10. That is okay. Um, you're going to lose six off of the heal and the attack speed is going to go down by 5%. But I think it has successfully done its job of now becoming probably AP sky. Endless hunger famine grants five uh plus 10% bonus AD. Ability haste grants 5 plus 13% melee plus 10% range bonus AD uh 10% ranged bonus AD and ability haste. Is that Oh, PL. Oh, sorry. Okay. Sorry. Okay. Okay. So, for ranged, it's not actually getting changed. For melees, it's getting buffed. Um, okay. Gluttonous Greaves. Okay. This is the item that needs its entire video. So, this is an item that not the specific item that I talked about two or a couple years ago when I went on a really long walk with Froxen. Um, and I'm not going to go into too many specifics, but I talked about items like this. Um, this is an item that muddies the waters. This item muddies stat sites. It muddies everything. It is so difficult to evaluate and engage this item in cases that it's not just obvious where you could get it. So, there's going to be some people that on bruisers, they're going to want to go this item or they might think that this is an item that I go, right? Because I get the omnivamp. And then, you know, the bonus unique passive, now and forever, while above half health, deal 5% increased damage. Um, while below half health, receive 15% more uh healing, shielding, and regeneration. So, there's some really funny things with this where if you look at the math of say mercury treads or you look at the math of say uh steelplated boot caps and you calculate the armor as well as the passives what they were able to provide to you in terms of EHP. Sometimes that number is going to be greater than the amount that you could have omnivamp uh healed. And this is where things get really muddy and they get very very very murky. And I'm not sure how of I don't think it's possible that a human can actually discern with accuracy at a high enough percentile to make a definitive enough decision on what would be better than the other without essentially just guessing. Um and that's fine if you guess or you make like a you know a close approximation. The the the reality is though that with the existence of the item this be does become a question. It objectively becomes a question, but it's a question that you can't quantifiably accurately answer. And that's why I think this item is so beautiful in so many ways. Now, there's some other champions that they can just outright use this item. Um, so like for for instance, right, like a champion like Swain could just use this item. Um, and and he can just use it for other reasons that don't have to do with that equation that I just talked about. um you know and this isn't even including uh the slay passive which is the 1% omnivamp uh permanently stacking up to 10% total. So this item I'm going to talk about this as well with XPU and I think that this is an item that should probably be accompanied by graphs in order to accurately dive into it. In some cases like the Swain one you are just going to have a cut a cut and clear dry answer. Okay, there's going to be some other things where people have theorized that like enchanters could take this um because, you know, while below 15, you know, while below uh half health, you gain you receive. Oh, receive. You don't give. Uh so you deal increased damage, but you don't your heals. Oh, receive. Oh, no, no, you do. Okay. Um so like Sarraa would get 15% increased healing um as like an example, right? Shielding and regeneration. Um so some people might start to think, oh, is this better than Ionian? And again, it's a math question, right? How many more shields are you casting because of Ionian? And then how often are the shields being entirely penetrated through versus your permanent healing that you're providing versus a shield or something that might not have necessarily been chewed through? Um, and then there's like other really funny things with like regeneration um, and then shielding from like allies. And this is one of the most complex items that is to to get into the minutia of everything that surrounds it is so hard. I am going to have so much fun doing like a just an absolute weird like two hour plus video thinking out loud about this item because when when you view it sure when you view it as like a 2D object and you just read its stats and what it provides um it's like it's okay when you view it in like a 3D sense and you start to look at like different you know game states or like different team fights and stuff. You start to look at the the data and the numbers and like things like that. That's that's okay too. to really get into the item is almost like you have to view it in like a 4D sense um where you expand upon everything and then the possibilities and then you dive deeper into all of those things and then you really look at and then you cascade it against um you know the different options of different items or the alternative ways that team fights were played and you get into the like this really beautiful item um that is very complex if you want to truly fully understand it and again I don't think that it's possible to um and then in the same time it has a surface level that is easily applied to certain champions that don't have to worry about that stuff. But as a skill expressive item in theory there is a way to utilize this as a form of skill expression um when even comparing it to uh mercury treads, steel plated boot caps, swiftness boots, Ionian boots, etc. That one's really hard. And that's the that's the video and and stuff that I'm very excited to think out loud about, miss a million times, ask a bunch of dumb questions to myself. Um, and then yeah, so this is one of the most beautiful items that Riot has ever released in the game. Um, okay. Hubris. Uh, the item is basically dead in a way, but not really. I mean, because again, like the numbers that the the reason that you buy Hubris is you buy it for everything. You don't buy it for individual uh stuff. So, in that regard, people would should still build hubris for what they built it for, which was that you get all of the stats at once. Um, from one item. Um, but looking individually at what it lost is not justification for not doing it anymore, if that makes sense. Opportunity is gone. Okay. Staff of flowing water. Um, healing or shielding other ally champions grants both you and them 45 AP for 6 seconds. healing or shielding other ally champions grants both you and them 40 AP and 15 ability haste which is way bigger for 6 seconds and then the flat ability haste by itself is just down by five um which means that you're you're netting 10 um but you're giving the ally 15. So overall a massive buff to the item. The problem with staff of flowing water is that with current enchanter itemization it is difficult to find spots that you do build it because you need to have multiple uh champions that you can afflict. you also need to have moonstone in your inventory. Um, and then you're starting to also talk about wanting diodim. Um, and these other types of things. So, staff is an interesting thing. Reworked static shiv. Um, so this is the thing a lot of people have been talking about. I'll talk about it in a second. Um, okay. So, uh, attack damage is 40, ability power 45, attack speed is going to be 30%, movement speed is 4%. Unique passive electro spark. Your energized uh triggers fires a chain of lightning dealing 60 increased to 90 for minions and monsters. bonus magic damage up to four to eight scaling with level. Uh targets applies on hithit effects to secondary bounce targets. Basic attacks grant additional uh plus 9 uh oh I didn't know about this. I didn't know about this. Okay, so what I said earlier on stream about Runan's hurricane uh I guess is not totally accurate. Um yeah, I was just wrong. Uh I I did not know about some of the things that static was now going to have. So Senna gets really buffed by this. This is massive. Um Senna gets a lot of help from this. Dusk and Dawn. Senna um is also really funny because that got help. So there's probably like a bruiser enchanter variant of Senna um that would be able to be built and now static shiv is also like very funny on Senna even more so than it was in the past. Um these things are all really interesting. So maybe in addition to that I'll probably do a video uh at the same time as I do gluttonous greavves I'll do a video on rework static shift. Uh removed trailblazer uh similar to the reason we removed opportunity uh trailblazer is sitting between two other tanky mobility options. This is really sad because Trailblazer was actually better in a lot of spots. It's just people didn't realize as such the item was removed um over Dead Man's Plate and then reworked Voltaic Cycllo Sword G. Uh okay. Um so this has been reworked. Galvanized damaging enemy champions with abilities will trigger energized if it is ready. Uh firmament. Uh your energized trigger 15 melee 12 range lethality for 4 seconds deals bonus physical damage equal to 9 or 7% range of the target's current health. Um so if their current health is 2,000 then you're getting almost 200 damage on it. um which is technically up more. Um it it it's it so it does grant you lethality, but does it come with the flat? Oh, the flat lethality is down by eight. And then if you're melee, it grants you 15. So you lost eight, you gain you gain seven. So it g you gain seven lethality, but and I guess the active technically hits much harder. You basically doubled the damage of your active if you're melee. Um but you lost the slow, right? I'm assuming that the slow is just gone. Uh yeah, the slow is just gone, which means that like yes, I mean the the damage it adds a nuke. Don't get me wrong, it adds a massive nuke. This is like Trinity Force for assassins. That's what they've done here. They've basically made this Trinity Force for assassins. Um Sho is going to love this. Uh Zed is going to like this. I mean, there's going to be other assassins that really like this. Okay, death fire torch. Uh, sorcerer retreat stone. Damaging champions with an ability burns them for 4 seconds single target. 2 seconds AOE, 1 second dot, but depending on the dot, it'll, you know, the burn deals 4 to 12 level scaling. 8% bonus AD, 3% AP, adaptive um per second. Um, after the burn has been on the target for 3 seconds, the damage of the burn increases by 100 uh%. Okay, so I don't understand. So, can only the single target thing apply it? Um, like the I don't know how it's going to work on the dot. Um, if only the single target thing can apply it. I mean, massive buff to Jin. We already know this. We know that like Smolder is going to use it. There's a lot of champions that are going to use this. Malahar is going to switch to this. Um, you know, other other DOT champions are definitely going to switch to this, etc. Remove phase rush. Storm Raider Surge is now back. Cool icon. Storm Rider Surge uh ask the user to commit to dealing a lot of damage and generally ends up having its input scale well over time. Dealing 25% of the champion's maximum health within 3 seconds grants them movement speed slow resistance um and new the speed 40% uh 75% for ranged champions. Um and then slow resistance is 50%. Okay. Uh Arcane Comet the refund has now been removed. Uh now deals up to 100% increased damage based on distance from the target. Max damage bonus at 750 range away. So there's going to be some champions that now build this um over building other items uh just or other runes, sorry. Um like Zerith is still going to build this or he's still going to take it. Sorry. Zerith is still going to take this. Um I I think like Lux in some cases would still take it except in like certain matchups etc. Um the damage however has been ner Wait what? I'm sorry. The damage has been nerfed and then the AP has wait. So yes it deals double but the flat amount has been reduced and it even does less. What? So now you can do 200 instead of just getting the 130 and it had cool down reduction regardless like cuz it's not always dealing 200. It's not always dealing 200. Like what? Well, I guess also there's the AP 5% AP. Okay, actually hold on. Never mind. So this this one. Okay, so the AP scales up to 10% AP. Okay, so it's not just 200. Okay, it's not it's not just dealing 70 more. It's potentially. Okay. It's so minor. Wow. Actually, that's pretty bad. Okay. Hail of Blades. Attack speed 160% uh 80% to 120% 60% range for three attacks. Increased by one attack if you cast an ability that resets your auto attacks up to two attacks. New attacks empowered by Halo Blades deal four to 20% plus 8% bonus AD, 6% AP bon Wait, what? Wait, so you lost 40% attack speed. That doesn't matter cuz Hail Blaze has been buffed multiple times. For three attacks, increased by plus one attack if you cast an ability that reset. Oh my god. What? There is no way that the loss of the attack speed would ever be outraded out by the addition of this damage. There's no way post resistances on the champions that typically take Halo Blades. What on earth? Oh, it's so big. That's so big. That is disgusting. Oh my god. And then arena and events and like whatever else. Okay, that is it. So, Arcane Comet kind of actually fake but not really. Really like this is going to be really funny. Like there's just going to be people that are forced to take it cuz it's still their best rune. Um Deathfire Touch really obvious where it goes. Voltaic becomes Trinity Force for assassins which is fine. Um I I see a lot of Shako buffs here, but honestly the thing about Shako is that um Shako wants to Shako wants to be um AP whereas like AD Shako gets a lot of buffs here. Uh static shiv I'm going to have to do the same video on with Gluttonous Greaves because we have so much to talk about. Senna immediately comes to mind. Other things also immediately come to mind like champions that can build multiple onhit items. Um, especially like even Kale. Like this is really weird even for like Kale. I guess I'll reach out to uh the Kale player from ES and I'll like ask their thoughts on it and stuff and I'll, you know, do that. Um, and then there's other really funny things like Zoe's support is crazy. Uh, Doron's bow is probably going to outshine Doron's Blade in a lot of cases just because of the simple fact that you can now take double adaptive. Um, so you can take double adaptive instead of the attack speed shard and in certain lanes that's just going to be more valuable because it'll chase the damage. Um the zingo changes are crazy. Warwick ended up getting like near 100 damage added to his combo in like mid game, but even early he's going to get 50 damage on his R. Um is kind of the way to look at that. Um and then you know Udier changes check on Twitter. Teemo really good for certain lanes where he would open with Dblade. Tia just objectively flat buffed but that doesn't matter um you know too much. Tom Kench stuff is kind of fake but he got indirectly buffed massively from the changes. AP Shyvana is back. Um, Grogas is mostly fake. AP support Ezreal and Bessa uh did get hit. Um, and then Brier is sort of whatever. And that is it for the patch notes. Um, that is it for the patch notes. So, it was the first one in a really long time, guys. I hope that you did enjoy it. And we will see you guys in the next one as well as wow, there's a Shako skin when Sho just got a ton of massive indirect buffs. That thing looks so cool. That almost looks like a Halloween skin. And that is pretty much it. So, I will see you guys in the next one. This was a really long one. way longer than I thought that it was going to be. Um although we did pause and yeah, the gluttonous greaves as well as the static ship video that'll come out later this week. And then on Sunday, I believe is the day that me and XP2 are doing the coach list collaboration um where we're going to talk about itemization and stuff. And then there will be a different thing where I talk with TAC um about uh probability and uh all this other cool fun stuff. And that is it. So see you guys in the next one. Bye-bye.
