Title: The 75% Win Rate Smolder Guide (Rank #1 EUW)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFUMVlSfe8Y

Content:
Smolder is an LP printer in 2026 and almost nobody is talking about it. By the end of this video you will know exactly when to pick him, how to build him, and the one Q habit that separates Smolder one tricks from everyone else. Quick credentials so that you know that I'm not just yapping. Three times rank one, former LEC player, and my nose is pretty good at sniffing out broken picks. Spoiler alert, Smolder is one of them right now. Three reasons why he secretly cracked this season. One, they buffed his crit build directly by implementing some crit changes into his kit. Uh two, the entire item overhaul, including very special item build that I'll discuss later for a very specific scenario that's very broken. Three, the game is faster now and home guards from base means more lane up time, which also means more Q stacks, which means you get to your full stacks much quicker. When to pick Smolder? Before you lock Smolder in every game and flame in the comments, there are two match-ups where Smolder is pretty [ __ ] Smolder hates two things, hard all-in lanes and hard scaling lanes. Hard all-in lanes you can think about lanes like Nautilus and Draven or Pyke and Samira. And if your support isn't Braum or Alistar in this particular case and can't peel for you, you will get farmed a dove and you will cry. Hard scaling. Hard scaling looks like Jinx or Sivir paired with a Sona or Lulu. Smolder's early game is not strong and have to punish them. So, they just scale for free and eventually outscale you, not good. So, if you look over and don't see either of those two match-up archetypes on the enemy team, you can probably just pick him right away. These videos take me a lot of effort and time, so I would very much appreciate it if you guys could drop a sub, like, comment, and join my new Discord via the link in the description where you can interact with me. Back to the video. So, for the runes we pretty much have two choices here, right? We have Arcane Comet Fleet Footwork. I personally think Fleet Footwork is better and the higher elo you are the better this rune page becomes. But, on the other hand, the lower elo you are the less you can utilize Fleet Footwork the better Arcane Comet is. And of course, boots versus cash back is personal preference. I always go Jax pick travel trades because pretty much all the item builds which I'm about to discuss give you full stacks. All right, and for the items, there's some core items which I believe you always want to build, which is ER Infinity Edge, and there's some items where where you can put in front or put in the middle. So, in front you would put Hubris and I think Hubris is extremely broken on Smolder right now under the condition that the enemy team doesn't have a lot of armor stacking early because it delays your last whisper [music] and essentially if the enemy team is building a lot of armor and you have Hubris, you are not not that strong, right? So, if enemy team is not building a lot of armor, I think Hubris is really good. Um Shojin in a similar matter, I think Shojin is really good when the extra health provides you with uh value, which means if enemy has some threat on you, some assassin or something where you want that extra survivability, I think Shojin is really good, right? But, in games where the enemy team has a lot of front line that you need to shed through, right? I I could I could see you skipping Shojin completely. So, those are the two items that you can build depending on the situation and both can be extremely good in a in a good scenario. And for the last item build which some people asked me about, I genuinely think it's dog [ __ ] compared to the first four builds. So, in my opinion, don't don't build it. I've also tried it twice and both times I have felt very useless in comparison to the other builds. So, in my opinion, no need to to do it. Okay, so onto the gameplay. Firstly, I'm going to play two clips and I want you to pause and think and tell me what do you think the Smolders are doing differently in terms of their mechanics, okay? So, first clip playing. And now, the second clip. I already covered this in my Lucian tutorial which I recommend you would give a watch because I covered it in depth there. But, basically, every Smolder auto attack can be easily canceled by the ability, right? So, what you always want to do pretty much is put an auto attack in front of every ability. So, we always want to do auto Q, auto W, auto E. Essentially, you always are trying to put an auto attack in between your abilities, right? To maximize your DPS. And you can cancel your you can cancel your auto attack with your Q very fast, right? So, basically, most of the times you're going for Q, you can always go for an auto attack, right? If you if you practice and do this fast enough, you get auto Q every time. Only time where you would only want to Q is if you just want to be very fast and run away because auto Q puts you in a little bit of a CC for a while, right? Cuz the auto attack takes a little time to cast, so sometimes it can be dangerous. Another really important auto attack point is why rapid fire is so broken on Smolder, right? And most players aren't even utilizing it properly. I rapid fire, right? I rapid fire obviously procs on your Q. But, what you can also do is you can auto and Q very fast. If you do this If you do this fast enough, you're going to get both your auto and your Q at the rapid fire range. So, you essentially get double the value out of it. With a little bit of practice, you can get this down. Q usage. Okay, this next part is the single biggest thing that separates hard stack Smolders from the ones that hit challenger. Don't skip it. Smolder's Q is basically a mini game that you can min-max to get to 225 stacks before everyone else. The rule is very simple. Your Q should always be on cool down. The second it's up, you should already know what you're going to hit. And in lane this usually means that when your Q is on cool down, you're preparing which minions you're going to kill the second it comes up. You want to however prioritize hitting enemy champions first, always. If you can tag them, you tag them. If they're unhittable, for example, in a harder lanes, you set up minions to be in execute range like I discussed before, right? And you just don't focus on hitting the enemies. It's kind of like a rhythm thing. Like once it clicks, your stacks just skyrocket. Of course, not always you can hit champions, right? Like in this example, my support is Alistar. He's pretty useless level one, so I just focus on hitting the minions because my match-up doesn't allow me to do otherwise. Also, keep in mind that once you have Sheen, your Sheen only procs on the minion that you are hitting, that you're clicking on. So, always look to Q the highest health minion in a group of minions like so because only that minion will proc the Sheen, so you end up getting more stacks. One thing that you can also do is like when you see a minion is about to die, right? If you Q them and they die midair before your Q reaches like so, you still get the stack. So, one thing to keep in mind. W usage. So, your first few Ws are crucial because the sooner you get to 25, the faster you get to 225. And hitting a W early game can give you two stacks. So, essentially, one quick tip that gets you a lot of stacks early, what I do is I always pay attention to which of my minions are getting low because on that timer the enemy AD carry will go for that last hit, obviously, right? So, I will time my W on that timer when the enemy goes for last hit. This works like 99% of times if executed properly, even against most challenger players. Another thing that I like to do with W is try and hide it from behind the wall because then the enemy doesn't see the skill shot and, you know, probably gets hit as well. For your E, there's not much other than you should always position yourself in a way where you're close to a wall, all right? So, you can just E over it cuz there's many champions who For example, [clears throat] if I anticipate the enemy might be here, right? Like I can't really walk up here, but as a Smolder you can always take a very cookie position as long as you're hugging the wall like this. Right? You can cross most walls even if you don't fully fly over them, right? So, it's kind of like flash. Like if my E expires and I'm here, I will go to the to this side of the wall. But, if my E expires and I'm here, I will appear here, right? So, basically, sometimes when you really need to you can start your E a bit sooner and just just enough to get to this location and to, you know, cover way more distance that way, right? So, like let's say I already need to get away from an enemy, so I can E here and as long as you click straight you will end up on the other side of the wall. So, that's pretty important for for thick walls where you can just use it a bit sooner and then you just teleport to the other side. Ulti usage. Most people are using it wrong. You should use it just like you would use a Caitlyn ulti. To poke, to cancel bases, don't really save it for after a fight, just use it whenever you get value out of it. So, I kind of use it for on cool down and mostly for canceling bases. So, if I anticipate enemy wants to base, has to base first, I'm going to keep my ulti to cancel them or just in trades simply to poke them and heal myself a little bit. Don't be afraid to just spam this ability. And another useful tip for your ulti, and this is only really good if you're fighting someone on close range, right? And that's basically you ult backwards. And what that does is it hits them first, so they have less time to potentially flash the ult or something, right? So, if you're fighting someone melee range, just ulti backwards.
