Title: NEW TIER LIST for PATCH 26.08 - League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xn_WPLCr-3A

Content:
It's a champion changes only patch as we've got some buffs to Lucian, Lillia, Hwei, and Tahm Kench. Nerfs to Malzahar, Karma, and Mundo while Yuumi is going to receive a few adjustments. So, we'll be covering all of this in today's video as we provide you guys with analysis of all the changes and a complete update to the solo queue tier list for every single role. And remember, our tier list will always show you the most broken champions in the meta, but knowing what's broken doesn't mean you know how to abuse it, which is exactly why countless players love our live challenger commentaries. Every single week, our challenger experts upload full live games walking you through exactly how to carry in your own ranked games. From how to win trades in lane to making the right macro calls in the mid game and how to dominate team fights, breaking down every key decision they make in real time. Make sure you know exactly how to play every stage of the game step by step on your chosen champion. And if you still have questions, our coaches are, let's just say, compelled to answer them. And that's only the start as we've updated our season 16 essentials courses for every role, breaking down how to play every stage of the game into easy to digest chapters, giving you all of the tips, tricks, and strategies you need to climb this season, guaranteed. As if you don't climb at least five divisions while actively using our service, then you get every penny back. So, what's there to lose? Get your exclusive one-time discount by clicking the link in the pinned comment or description below and start your climb today. So, starting off with the top lane changes, we've got Tahm Kench on the buff list for this patch, but from the testing we've done, it's not looking like a very significant buff. Passive base damage is going up while the health scaling and AP ratio are both going down. And if we have a look at the comparison clips, this is what we found. Early on in lane and at level three with Tahm Kench, you are dealing the exact same damage with passive as before. When you get to level nine and have your first item completed, you're only dealing one more damage. And then at level 11, if you have two items completed, the damage is down by three. So, because the base damage is up while the scaling is down, this is a change that won't really affect you pre-two items, but once you get later on in the game, it will be more impactful. Riot has these changes listed as buffs in the patch notes, but we really can't see them adding much power at all. As a result, we'll be leaving Kench placed in the B tier for 26.8. So, being that Tahm Kench is the only top laner adjusted for this patch, we don't have any significant changes to the tier list as Kayle and Garen will remain the two most OP picks for the role. One champ who's been gaining in popularity a bit as of recent who we may look to add to the top lane tier list soon is Anivia. We generally don't add champions unless they have play rates above 1% and right now, top lane Anivia is sitting just under that at 0.8%. Her play rate has doubled from 0.4 to 0.8% in recent patches and a bunch of pros have been picking her up. She can play pretty well into many of the more immobile top lane picks like Garen, Darius, Malphite, and Mordekaiser, but will struggle a lot more into champs with gap closers like Irelia, Riven, and Fiora. Anivia is a champion who scales very well, so by picking her top lane, you'll gain the bonus experience from your quest and reach her later game state faster. Every single one of Anivia's abilities is super valuable to have more points in, but you can only choose to max one of them out first, so playing top lane Anivia lets you get your W maxed out faster so that the size of the wall is bigger, which makes her zone control around objectives incredible. So, we just wanted to make you as aware of the pick for 26.8 and if she does actually continue to gain in popularity, then we'll add her to the tier list for next patch. So, the one and only jungler who will be receiving a buff for this patch is Lillia. If you guys watched our 26.8 patch changes video, then you would have seen Viego changes in there, but Riot ended up scrapping those, so Viego will not be buffed for this patch. So, for the Lillia buff, it's her passive monster damage cap going up from 65 flat to 70 scaling to 180 based on level. We can see it here at level six, Lillia passive will be dealing a max of 102 damage as opposed to just 65 from last patch. So, early clear, the change doesn't help a ton, but once you get some levels, you'll be able to motor through camps much faster. So, for Lillia's tier list placement, we're going to be placing her in the A as a solid jungle pick up for 26.8. Mundo jungle has been pretty dominant in the lower elos as of late, so Riot will be nerfing his clear speed in two different ways. First is that his Q monster damage cap is going down from 300 scaling to 600 to 250 scaling to 550. Secondly, E monster damage cap is down as well from 200 to 140%. Nerfs to clear speed usually end up landing pretty significant, so we definitely expect Mundo to be dropping in power for this patch and we'll be adjusting him from S into A tier. So, for the jungle meta in 26.8, we don't actually have a meta where there's any egregiously powerful champions. Nocturne is the one champ who's over performing right now, but other than that, there are a ton of solid S and A tier champs to choose from. With Riot buffing so many off-meta junglers, champs like Zyra, Fizz, Aatrox, Nasus, Darius, and Shen are all super good options now while more traditional jungle picks like Kha'Zix, Rengar, Vi, Hecarim, and Gragas are all among some of the weaker solo queue champs. Rammus is one jungler in specific who continues to remain very underrated over these past few patches. Champ has consistently held the highest win rate in Emerald and below lately and it's because he completely steamrolls popular jungle matchups like Yi, Graves, and Viego. Viego and Graves have been the two more popular junglers for a while and even though early on in the game, Rammus doesn't pose a massive threat to them, once you get your Thornmail completion, those AD fighter junglers have a really difficult time playing into Rammus. The jungle meta in general right now is completely absent of any AP junglers with high pick rates. So, you can get away with finding good Rammus spots in a lot of your games. Moving on over to mid lane now, Riot has a buff on the way for Hwei in 26.8 as his passive damage is up from 35 scaling to 230 to 40 scaling to 285. There are two more changes being issued though so that Hwei's abilities slow stack with each other for diminishing value and then a bug fix to where his Q, E, and R slows no longer stack with other champion or item slows. So, it's hard to get a super good read on how these changes will land because of the bug fix going through, but since Riot does have the changes listed as buffs, we should be able to expect that at the very least, Hwei will remain power neutral for 26.8. We've had Hwei placed in the mid lane A tier as of recent, so we're going to keep him there for now, but if the changes do land more impactful, then there may be room for him to jump into S tier for our mid patch tier list. So, despite holding a win rate below 48% in 26.7, Riot will be nerfing Malzahar for this patch. It's actually pretty crazy how a champion can underperform so much in solo queue, but still hold a ban rate over 35%. It just goes to show how frustrating Malzahar is to play against in general because if she's analytically one of the weaker champs, but people still don't want to play against her, then we have a pretty big problem. And despite being below a 48% win rate, these nerfs are actually quite heavy with Q losing 20 damage at max rank while staying the same at rank one in the spell. AP ratio on Q will be down from 60 to 55% and then W cool down is going up by 3 seconds at all ranks while W movement speed duration drops from 1.5 to 0.75 seconds. So, with these nerfs going through, we just can't see Malzahar being a competitive champion for solo queue and we're going to be dropping her into the mid lane C tier. For the mid lane tier list in 26.8, we're going to make a small adjustment to the OP tier and leave Xerath as the lone OP pick. We had Ahri up there with him last patch, but Xerath is just outperforming on another level right now. The solo queue meta for mid lane is really weird right now because many of the champs you see picked in pro are actually some of the weakest solo queue champions. Orianna, Ryze, Azir, and Galio have all been nerfed lately and perform so much worse in solo queue than the majority of options. If you're looking for a mage, then champs like Xerath, Vel'Koz, Brand, and Anivia are so slept on because they never get nerfed and just gain in relative power during the season when Riot nerfs pro play dominant champs. To fit a similar roam style and tanky CC theme that Galio provides, consider trying out Sion. Sion mid has very few bad matchups and can get from mid to bot or from mid to top in an instant with his R at level six. So, the map impact of the champ is incredible. The one ADC being changed for 26.8 is Lucian as his E is getting buffed in two different ways. The cool down is dropping from 18 scaling to 14 seconds to 16 scaling 14 seconds while E mana cost is down early on from 40 scaling to zero to 32 scaling to zero. Lucian has been underperforming in recent patches hovering around a B to A tier level. So, with this buff going through, we think he'll be a very solid A tier pick for 26.8. The upper echelon of the ADC tier list is going to stay the same as in 26.7 with Ashe, Jinx, and Xayah as the most OP champs. Riot has gone super light with the ADC changes recently as Kalista was the only champ changed last patch and now Lucian, the only one changed for 26.8. So, not much else to update for the role. There is yet another new Senna build has become more popular as of recent which involves Hexdrinker as a second item. Instead of Duskblade of Draktharr, it's Hexdrinker that a lot of pros are taking and both still work great. Hexdrinker will provide more pure damage than Duskblade of Draktharr, so if you are into a tankier enemy team comp, then going Hexdrinker with Infinity Edge will allow you to shred the enemy front line much better. Into a squishier enemy comp though, where building more durability can be valuable to survive against dive, Duskblade of Draktharr with Black Cleaver offers a bunch of health so that you can survive a way better in fights. Senna ADC in general is one of the more underrated ADCs in the game right now and the fact she has so many different viable builds that you can run to adapt to the state of each game is incredible. So, Riot ended up missing the mark with the 26.7 Karma nerf, which means they are nerfing her two patches in a row. This time, it's her base AD that is going down from 51 to 49. AD growth is being lowered from 3.3 to three and then E mana cost is going up from 50 scaling to 70 to 60 scaling to 80. So, the nerf last patch was not quite enough to remove Karma from an S tier standing, but with these nerfs dropping, we do think that she's going to fall enough in strength to where a move into A tier is warranted. Yuumi is next up for a couple of changes as her R healing is being increased at rank two and rank three in the spell while the AP ratio is going from 10 to 12%. Our best friend increased healing is up as well from 30% flat to 30 scaling to 60%. There's a bug fix being issued though so that Yuumi's R no longer heals her attached ally a second time whenever it heals other allies. So, Riot has these changes listed as adjustments, which means they are aiming for them to land power neutral. As a result, we're not going to be moving Yuumi anywhere in the tier list for this patch as she will remain in the B tier. So, for the support tier list in 26.8, much like the other roles, the meta won't be changing very much due to the lack of supports being adjusted. The only major update from recent patches is that Nami is no longer the standalone best support due to her nerf from 26.7 while Rell is back to being a top tier melee engage support. The Tahm Kench change may actually put him in a decent spot for support because of the fact it's his base damage on passive that got buffed in exchange for less scaling strength. Tahm played as a support isn't going to have access to as many items, so those scaling nerfs don't mean as much and the base damage buff should more heavily outweigh. Tom has been down in the beat here for the past while, but with this change going through, we're going to give him a bump up one tier into A. All right, guys. One last thing. Our rank up guarantee is insane. It's like signing up for the gym and getting a refund if you don't get ripped. That's how confident we are in SkillCap. We obsess over making the best guides with top players, rigorous testing, and top-tier video editing to make your climb easy. If you're ready to level up, visit skillcap. com and see the difference. So, that's going to wrap everything up for the 26.8 tier list as it's yet another very small patch with minimal meta impact. Thank you all so much for watching and we'll see you in the next one.
