Title: The Best Ahri Game of My Career
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvHYi-i-ZXg

Content:
3:22 I'm tired. I think I better work on my progress is now. Let's see. It It will be a fact so it's a 2-second thingy. Ah, no, my legs could be done. Light moves pretty quick. Thank you for the loan. Slow to learn. What? What what I am? You think I'm new board? I'm maybe some bronze player if I was like that, not me, bro. Ah, I lost the sight of them. I'm surprised he's not doing much damage among the things he has spammed already. What did that hit? I had him at two damage each, but not my first part. What is that E for? What do you mean? I saw I hit this ass, bro. Well, it doesn't matter, I don't What do you mean? I really don't want to use my potion, though. I'm just going to drop it, fine. As long as you don't die, right? I'm good. My bottom lane died three times already. What the [ __ ] Impressive, I'm going to lie. Should I push or not? That's a good question. In base now. I think we just don't push, actually. All right, let's go, then. And my top lane they have a good night for some reason. And anyway run down the plane here. Yeah, great. I should just jump so I'm sorry listen listen. Okay, nice. You get a W on the other face like this. I'm played. I result with gold but that is cringe you know. I'm skipping the wave. >> I'm skipping the wave. Fear the masks, but they can't always I'm going to execute. What is she doing, man? I saw her doing good, so it's fine, but holy [ __ ] Oops, my mistake. I have a deep better better, but I want to use it so I can second base for my weakness. >> Nice. I'm glad my daughter is human. [ __ ] he lives above. [ __ ] he lives above as well. My bad. >> Me too. She says she's very strong. So am I. Nice. Knock down the biggest ultimate hunter blaster. This is This is the lucky better version of malignance cuz you have 10 You have been 10 more than even her. Than the haste more. >> An enemy has been slain. You have an enemy team. Watch out. I almost [ __ ] it up. Your team has destroyed the turret. I'm going to ban you, actually. >> How does Odyssey look like? I can show you after the game. Spirits wear masks, but they can't Yeah, thanks for the follow. Slow to learn, quick to follow. An enemy has been slain. Your team has destroyed a turret. Light for heavy burden. >> Your team has destroyed a turret. I got tower. Guan is only problem. Your team has destroyed a turret. Your team has destroyed a turret. >> He's going to fall down. All right, so I'll be explaining how you deal with A Sol. So, the first thing you have to know is his Q is he can cast it perma, but he will lose mana each time he cast it. You can he can cast it 0.1 second, but he will lose like 20 mana per cast. And the longer he holds it, the more mana he lose. But first important to know is you want to be avoid to give him avoid giving him full stacks of you will see what I mean later on, but you want to be playing at all time around the minions. Ideally, you want to mismatch, so if he's on the right, you want to be on the left. If he's on the left, you want to be on the right. That will prevent you from getting Q'd on because his Q doesn't go through minions. So, that's the first thing you have to know. All right. So, we we found a really nice Q into auto on him and you see I can see he tap his Q and he does a little bit of damage, but it's fine. I did space bad there, but it's fine. That's what he is trying to do the whole time, right? But it's okay, though. As long as you don't take the full Q and I will be showing what I mean by that. So, he as soon I will be taking a whole Q here. And here, this is what I mean by whole Q. Right, he gets stacks. That's not ideal, but it's not the worst. It's not the end of the world, but just avoid giving him those kind of things. And here we're trying to find sneaky Q's on him while trying to get the receivers and avoid getting and losing prio. But here I have prio, right? And I'm pushing the wave, so he's focused on the wave. And here it's very important because more people most people just run like I said what did I say I said to you guys? Play around the minions, which means if he does something like this, don't be scared. Don't run back like this. If you do, you are to cooked. You going to lose all your HP. But if you play around the minions, know your know the champion. Right? If I just play behind the minions, he can't do do anything. He can't do anything, you know? He can't get cooked and we going to end up getting a good trade. I'm going to skip a bit because the laning phase is a bit like there's not much to be honest. And as you can see, though, he's been tapping his Q a little a little bit too much. Now he's kind of lost out of mana. And on top of that, he has no TP. So, I'm pinging my jungle and in this case he doesn't come, but it's a good gang gang go, but it's always top, so I understand for going top. And with that in mind, guys, I'm basing on a cannon wave, right? And since he has no TP, he doesn't he cannot TP back. So, what do we do? We just last hit on mid and we actually made him lose four minions, three melee and one cannon. That's very big. That's equivalent of a whole wave, basically. The three range are not as worth. So, with that in mind, we already have level six advantage. And here, right, we traded a lot, like there's beautiful trading and my jungle ganks. So, what do I do? So, I use my Q. Okay, I use my Q. Why do I use Q before my jungle ganks? Cuz I don't need the damage, that's first of all. And second of all, it's coming back. And the third thing is when I use my Q, he'll be like, "Oh, Aurelion Sol just used a Q. I can press up. I can go for the minion." Look, right? This is what I mean. And then I now he'll be like, "Oh, I just a normal minion face." And now, right? The moment he realizes is too late. He obviously can still flash, but he didn't flash and in this way it is. And that would be the concluding the short review for this um how to play into Aurelion Sol. Overall, you just want to play around the minions um and don't be scared at two to three check, but if the minion is about to die, make sure you run back. And that's pretty much it. I hope you enjoyed this short review and um make sure to comment down below if you learned something. Um see you on the next time. Bye-bye. You want access to the mid lane fundamentals where I'll be explaining level one, lane trade, lane bully, TP usage, anything you can think of, really. And it's called the Pain View series. I'll be adding more in the future. There's also the R match up. I'll be adding this where you have certain match up that you might be looking for and I'll be also adding it slowly but surely every day. There's general match up tips where I'll be showing you casing you what you can pick into Orianna, for example, and the tips into her champion level spike and item spikes. And if you want even more detail, for example, I something like Aurelion Sol explained in even more detail what you do in every single wave and the trade pattern and the goal of the matchup. There's also some for Aurora and Syndra and etc. To access this, you just have to click on the There's going to be a button that you can click on or in the description. And thank you so much for watching this video and I really hope that you enjoyed it and I see you guys on the next time. Make sure to like and subscribe and I see you on the next time.
