Title: Senna but I have a burning laser that deletes your health bar (HIDDEN OP RUNE)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vms6Gkc186c

Content:
All right, everybody. Welcome back to another video. Today we're playing some Senna in the mid lane. Running Deathfire Touch, Manaflow, Celerity, Scorch, Presence of Mind, and Cut Down. She's been one of the high Deathfire Touch rate users. Like she and Smolder, I think, are the two ADCs that use it the most. And it's because they both can build Black Cleaver. And what that does is the burn from this is adaptive damage. So, that means if you build AD, it burns for physical damage, which physical damage activates cleaver and stacks that up. She has She doesn't have Deathfire Touch. She has Stormraider's Surge. So, I think her Q actually counts as single target, even though it can hit multiple people, because it just had the extra burn damage on her. Let's see. Huh, that's cool. I don't understand why it counts as a single target. Interesting. I for sure thought it would burn for 2 seconds since it's area of effect. He's already dead. Yeah, I got the Deathfire burn. I got the Scorch burn. You got some poke. I'm actually doing pretty good damage to her. I've barely hit her. We're going to go Static Shiv and the Cleaver, and then I think we go crit after that. One I'm aware of. I think we win this. Another flash. I don't think that would have killed her. You never know with the burns, though. But, yeah, if she had a potion running, definitely not going to kill her. Cuz Senna's Q doesn't actually do a lot of damage. I remember on like ARAM Mayhem, I even had like thousand AD and it still just was not hitting hard. The auto that comes after it hits hard. Let's grab boots. I'm pretty sure this builds into Static Shiv. No, it doesn't actually. Um I guess a dagger and a potion. That's kind of awkward. Maybe I should have got like a coal. Cuz Senna, we're fine with just farming. Like the later the game goes, the stronger we get. Well, Diana should have this one. Even if she flashes. Where's the shield? There you go. Nice, I got the stack. Her burn damage hit 148. Yeah, damn. This actually works uh pretty good. The reason we're getting Static Shiv is for our wave clear. I really didn't think that her Aw, I didn't get it. I didn't think that her Q would uh apply it for 4 seconds. I'm amazed by that. Brom's coming mid. I don't want to give it away till he's here. Oh god. Oh, I don't miss. She has no flash. Not bad. Ooh. This one an assist. Well, ain't getting that. Maybe I should have tried to queue Diana, but I don't even know if I was in range. Can we get this? Oh, no. Yeah, we got it. Take that. She got to hit her a second time, but if she hits poison and chases me, I got to be careful cuz with the storm raiders, she will she'll catch up to me. Nice. Burn. I got to be careful. She's going to alt me when I'm trying to trying to auto queue her. Okay, let's space. We're out of mana. Am I getting a mana item? I think so. Just going to try to play without it. This gives us 20% move speed. We might as well use it to run the lane. We could get the dusk and dawn for the instant stack collection, but I think it's better just to go crit. I don't know where they are. If there's a chance I get a killer assist, I'll go go down there. Oh, I got two assists. I'm a little scared. I missed. Okay. We got Vayne fed. Yeah, I dodged it, but I don't think she can E me anymore when I go invis like that. The barrier. Okay, if she can't get too close to us, it actually messes her up when I press my E because use her E E on me. She can't target me. The W actually does some decent damage, 90% bonus. I don't think I'm going to get this. Nope. And we're not going to be able to push the wave fast enough. Like I'm getting a move speed boost when I hit her. Probably something in my passive. >> Okay, well, we don't have static shiv. Damn, this thing is expensive. I don't think her old is back up, but you never know. There's her flash. And we will have our static shiv, but we're getting free crit chance now. It's just nice not to be in categorical. Oops. An enemy has been slain. Shut down. He ain't low enough. Um, Rengar is dead. I think Gwen runs over Dr. Mundo late game though, but I should be okay. I just need to not get one shot by Rengar, which definitely could happen. The grave is silent. You can bury all the things you never said. My cannon, no, my caster, no. Damn you, static shiv, you messed everything up. Don't stand with the gun POINTED AT ME. OH, WAIT, DOES THIS STATIC SHIV APPLY? I think it applies my passive thing to everybody. They missed the bush. I might have flashed. Never mind, we're good. Blasted her. Oh. Oh, goodbye Diana. Rest in pepperonis. I definitely needed to get cleaver next, and then after that we'll see. All right, it's burning her. I have red buff. I really want to poke. Does it apply red buff to everybody? Oh my god, that's broken. Dude, that's actually so much poke. Can't kill her. Oh, I might as well go for this. I might get Rengar, but you know Did you know Rengar can use my E to jump if he's on my team? But apparently it's only after level six. Um, should we try these boots? You know what, Yolo? I don't think they could be bad on us. An enemy >> Increased damage and increased healing. We do both. We like both of those. Means Vayne I have almost 1,100 damage. Damn. We're getting very good value out of this. Any champion that has like a single target spell that doesn't have like a super high cool down that isn't super short range uses the rune quite well. Um, my Cassiopeia is chasing a Dr. Mundo. I don't even think she gets him. Give me that. Rengar is at the dragon. Ooh. Oh, that was a really bad smite. What a root. Yoink. Oh my god, easy triple. >> I am powerful. Oh. I don't need to get back mid, but I'm down Oh, I got cleaver. I'm down to get some money down here, but sharing it with three people it's not as good as getting it yourself. Okay. We have the combo. And we'll have three item slots. Let's see. What do we need? We need Infinity Edge. Oh, we could do Infinity Edge, Hexdrinker, and Rapid Fire. I don't think I'll need an LDR. Might. But maybe not. They do have three people that are building HP, but I don't think they're going to build that much armor. Yeah, look at that. It's fully stacked cleaver on her from one hit. All right, I can't get an LDR. I have a cleaver, so never mind. We're chilling. We could get Dusk and Dawn maybe, or we can get the ranged stuff. Crap, dude. I hurt. Well, this is broken. Auto Q kills her. I'm a liver, I think. I'm going to get Rengar a little bit. Oh, I'm not. It's life steal. I have none. Rengar's top. We're safe. Oh. Um, what are we going to do about this guy? Oh, he actually got uh He actually got Swain. Oh. Oh, that was bad queue. My clicks are off. I'm just fighting till I die. I don't care. Can't queue the tower. Is the other tower still alive? Ow. Time to go. Damn, I'm melting this guy. From the kill secure master. I like this build a lot. And I'm going to base with an entire Infinity Edge in a second. Fight. >> Over asked. Wait, if I have like a dusk and dawn and stuff, that might stack up the brown passive even faster, too. I'm going to do uh Eventually, I'm going to do brown top with dusk and dawn. I actually think it could be pretty good. Yoink. Shot him out of the air. She just didn't have a collector. Can't believe that worked. I'm unkillable. I'm 14 and 0. Now I'm top lane. Well, if you thought I was strong there, wait till you see my Infinity Edge I'm going to be buying. I am stupid strong. Our whole team's stupid strong. It must be counting the bonus damage towards minions, I think. Oh my god. Oh my god. I don't have a ward. I was trying to I can maybe queue through Vayne. Oh, she moved. Oh, I hit her. She's dead. She burned. >> [laughter] >> I even the Rengar like I'm literally I'm the one one shotting the Rengar. They're so [ __ ] They can't kill me. I'm way too big. Deathfire's at 2400 at 20 minutes. Oh. Oh, [ __ ] Dude, I'm sniping. I be sniping. Uh this could be bad for us. I'm really going to kill Swain, but Gwen is a snip snipping. Okay, she just got a crap ton of money, by the way. Quinn just got an extra set with so that's dollars and gold. That's like 600. That's another 600 basically. Oh my god. Quinn got an entire item off that. All right, vault. Woah, that glitched out. You know what? They They like barely have any hard CC. They don't have any reliable hard CC. I really think I can tank it. I almost didn't. I don't think my ult kills Swain. I don't think it does 800 damage yet. It does not. Now it kills him. Flash. That was close. Hello. Oh, my Q wasn't up. I was like, why is my Q not going off? Damn, I'm healing 100 health every auto. Oh. my god. This is a cinema secret. I'm farming them in base. I attack so slow. Rito, please. All right, what am I buying? I don't think I'm going to be able to finish this next item, but I think just a zeal should be fine. I'm not going to catch him. Okay, they caught him. I lied. Yeah, I have 100% crit, so now I have 12%. I have 6% life steal, 12% omnivamp. But I have increased healing, too. I don't know. Feel like I'm healing a ton. Let me get red buff level 16, I'll just start two shotting people. Think I can end the game on my own. Ah, Gwen's kind of scary. Wait. Oh, it's like how does she have those boots, but they're they're not the upgraded versions. I thought they were the upgraded versions. I'm like, how does she have the mid lane boots? She doesn't. I hope I don't die here without killing anybody. That'd be embarrassing. I think I'm going to have to flash. I don't know what just happened, but they're all dead. Oh my god. Goodbye. GG. Well, that was a really fun Senna game. Dude, that build slaps. Like normally Senna takes a lot longer to get online. But, I guess that build's pretty good because like I don't know, as soon as I had two items, I felt like I could just fight anybody. Like the cleaver and the burn the burn on her Q is just insane. It should not be going for 4 seconds. Like it's the same as Smolder interaction. We did 61k damage. Here's our rune stats. That's right. I did 36, 37 at 26 minutes is crazy. Scorched the thousand, cut down did 3,300. Other than that, make sure you like, comment, subscribe, and I'll see you later. Peace.
