Title: How to play Reworked Zoe SO WELL that your own team will ping and type about it
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50nWhhIJcS4

Content:
Hey everybody, welcome to the next commentary. Today we are playing some Zoey mid into a twisted fate. Uh we have cleanse because I feel like gold card is just uh too annoying of an ability. Not really during laning phase I guess because I mean you could usually play the range game pretty well versus him. But uh once he gets like rapid fire cannon and stuff uh that's when it gets really challenging to uh play against him. Wow, what a terrible queue there. But that's okay. With Zoe, we want to be playing pretty aggressive all the time. Even if you even like make bad trades, you want to play off your Q pretty well. Uh where you just step forward and just do super short range cues. We try to trigger air over and over again. Our rune page setup is uh good for early game, but it's also really good for just uh making it so we have a ton of CDR because uh CDR Zoe in my opinion is I think the best way to play her because of the E change where it refunds some of the uh cooldown whenever you land abilities on people. I feel like I should have landed that, but I'll just do one single auto attack here. I did another auto attack plus Q there and that actually was probably a more significant trade for us than it was for him. Going to pop one of my potions. So, we both are one potion down. I got hit by two red cards during the early game. So, that honestly is pretty nice that uh dude, he's dead. One auto. Dude, I'm surprised that Twisted Fate ever tried to contest that, dude. That is crazy because I mean, our champion is just so ridiculous. Oh my gosh. Uh man, aiming this is honestly really challenging because I need to like find a bubble angle and I just think it's too hard to find there. I'm going to walk into his car, but that's okay. Uh Zoe of course is like a character that is like always good uh for usually like the early game. I'm just going to pick that up. Use my health potion. Uh if I kill one minion, I will not level up. I died to one more hit. Wow, you didn't commit for me, dude. I feel like I should have died there for sure. Oh, what I was trying to say is that Zoe, she is so good during the early stage and of course mid game too. her late game usually is like the worst part because uh she's so single target that like later on when you're trying to kill multiple people if you land bubble or ever miss an ability, you just kind of get screwed over uh as soon as you make one mistake. My bot lane is already losing a little bit. But uh during the early game, what's so strong is Zoe's W giving you the opportunity to pick up summoners that people use. And uh your bubble being able to be used over walls to like try to pick people also is so strong because it's a pretty long range ability that's crowd control. And if you ever throw it to help out a teammate almost always if they don't flash it unless your teammate's literally going to die beforehand. Uh wow. I'm I threw it in a juking pattern. I'm surprised he dodged it. Anyways, uh almost always if you land it and they're not immediately dead, you're just going to probably give uh a kill to your teammate. Kind of like how when I almost landed it there because he had to flash it. He would have died if he didn't flash. So that's why I'm just so surprised that he even attempted it cuz Twist of Fate honestly isn't that good early on. Maybe the Lethal Tempo Twist of Fate that I did recently would be good early on, but definitely not the current version with AP. just poking a little bit. Don't get it by his wild cards. We got pretty significant uh significant damage off there. But I am starting to run out of mana though. Uh he leveled up to level five. We see that Kha'Zix is going for an invade. I guess I'm somewhat down to try to rotate over because I feel like I can maybe assist Uh we could just poke him a little bit with the hex tech rocket belt and stuff. I mean, Kha'Zix wasn't able to rotate over to assist, but this guy is so low that honestly there's a chance that uh maybe I could get him on my own. Dang, I was hoping for like one auto attack there, but I missed it again. You can see that he is uh very low, but he wants to base. And sometimes what you can do is just not even touch the wave that much hopefully. So it just slow pushes back towards us because this will like really mess him up bad cuz now he just doesn't have a real way of like laning. He's way too low and if he steps up and he ever gets hit by anything, he's just immediately dead. So we're just trying to keep the pressure alive >> onto him. And as you can see, he'll eventually have to take a base. But when he does take a base like this, uh, now he's just going to miss so much farm, which is going to set him really far behind exp and gold. So, even though we're not getting a kill, we're still like generating an advantage. Bot lane did also die again. Uh, but top lane's doing okay. And also, Kha'Zix, of course, is doing really good with his invades and stuff. So TF finally gets back. Now that he's back, I'm going to try clearing some of the wave a little bit just to try to uh not feel like when this wave crashes, it's going to take forever to clear it because he honestly might also roam because he is Twisted Fate. Although he doesn't have his ultimate just yet as well. Probably can't catch Swain unless he for some reason continues stepping up the way that he does. I got her. I'm just going to grab all these for the mana because otherwise we'll go and then we'll just rotate back mid lane. He could probably just finish that. And then we have our uh finally our last chapter. And because we have lost chapter, then we'll be able to have way more mana when we come back. not have as many issues with being able to just kind of spam way more frequently to try to poke him and stuff cuz Zoe honestly doesn't really have the biggest mana issues. But I still like having a bigger mana pool where I can use bubbles cuz my E is the thing that uh costs the most amount of uh mana and if you spam it all the time, you will go. But if you only really use your Q and even like just rarely ever using your uh R as well, it just kind of can make you go quickly. Uh for our items, I don't go Blackfire Torch. I did try it a little bit, but honestly, the biggest thing about Blackfire Torch for me, even though it gives uh CDR, which I do like, is uh it unfortunately causes uh you to sometimes take tower aggro when they're burning, while I like to not take out tower aggro during that time where I land a bubble underneath and I can like use my R over a wall while minions are hitting because otherwise I could get hit by tower like a couple times and I really don't like that. Uh, we're just going to continue shoving since he went bot like this because I feel like I should just commit for getting uh this. It just seems smarter. But something I can do is also just check the grubs because I just want to see if they're on it. I'm going to pick up his smite and then we can just use it because uh I can easily grab it. Uh there is a top fight somewhat going on. I could maybe rotate over, but Noctrin's going to be here too. Nice. So that guy dies. We have Jana also rotating over and I can maybe flash over this wall to try to get him. Dude, that guy is so far away. Holy crap. I can't believe his distance that he gained even though he just used his flash. But maybe he has like Nimbuscloak or something. Twisted Fate, of course, is able to like shove in this midway because I was away for a long time and he's doing a lot. So, I got to just immediately go back to grab all this stuff. The game is pretty even right now. Accidentally auto tag something that I probably shouldn't have. Still fine, though. Twisted Fate also is getting tankier because that's just how it goes. Uh even though he walked forwards here, now he's just going to like get ganked and just take a little bit of damage, which is great. A lot of first strike for Kha'Zix even though he's not going to get a kill or anything. I'm just going to grab this guy's flash real fast. Uh not going to commit for that because it's not worth it. If Noctturn ganks us, we can probably just use this flash away without burning our own, which would be so worth it because they would lose such an important summoner trying to gank me. Or not summoner, but rather they would use such an important ultimate that has a very long cool down and not even burn a single summoner of mine because this summoner is like not really a real one. It's it's somebody else's. surprised he didn't even try to gold card. My CS per minute is way better than his because we're just pressuring all the time. So, it's definitely uh working so far with making sure he's just constantly not able to do too much. Bot lane again died, but that's okay. This poking there's no way I can kill him. The only way that I could possibly get him would be another bubble, but I mean, landing another bubble could be kind of difficult cuz I think that he might just back off. Plus, also Noctturn's mid, too. So, we'll see if Noctturn ganks me. But, at the same time, Jana's here. Oh, dang. She showed herself. I mean, we know that he is uh behind us, though. I don't know why I even decided to throw bubble at him. It was kind of pointless. I just wanted to take a base anyways. He was kind of just like standing around. like the um Twisted Fate was standing around. So, we're going to go Ionian Boots. I feel like Ionian Boots is just ridiculous because when you get the tier three version, it gives you 20 CDR. So, then with our uh CDR runes plus this plus the 10 from this gives us such a ridiculous amount that when we land our bubble, it lowers the cool down significantly where uh we can just easily kill people. Uh, even though I miss here, it doesn't matter because he's just already cut off. I'm surprised that he went for the turret there. I feel like it's so risky to go for turret when he probably just has no vision control in the area and he also has no summoner from earlier. So, not bad. Uh, we lost his turret botside. That's okay though because we can just continue doing this. Now I have a ridiculous amount of ability haste and uh the next power spike for us is going to be level 13 when my E is maxed because the cool down gets really short later on. I'm just going to pop my potion as soon as I take a little bit of damage there because bot lane uh lost so hard. They're going to probably rotate mid next, I would imagine. Wow, I missed. Okay, cool. We got the uh turret. That's awesome. The next item usually I go for is uh a cosmic drive or I will go for a Horizon Focus because I get even more CDR so I can spam even more frequently with the ease. Oh. Oh, let's use my cleanse here just so I can help out with this. Nice. And Kha'Zix was able to also get both kills. He is getting so freaking fed already. Can I catch this guy? I mean, even if I land my ability from this distance, I probably can't. But see, look at my CS per minute compared to uh Twisted Fate. Being up this much is really, really good. Usually, I feel like you should probably be up some farm, but this is a really large amount because that's a huge amount of like money difference between us. Although Twist of Fate does have his passive that does give him bonus money, so that could make up for a little bit of it. Whoa, that Noctturn ultimate visual kind of looks weird. I got his bone plating. I was expecting him to be cut off a little bit further, but Oh, that almost landed on him. Wow. That misses. Wow. Uh even if he gold cards me here, you can't kill me unless you have your teammates's help. And they're still not helping. So Oh, she uh Oh, that guy ghosted. Okay, we'll just let him ghost. That's fine. I landed a good ability onto him. I will flash over the wall. Uh, even if I flashed back over, I probably would have not been able to kill, so that's why I didn't come back over. I got that guy. Sween is still here. I have my bubble available. Uh, they know where I'm at, so he might be standing inside this brush. No, he's not. He rotated all the way back mid. That's fine, though. It was an okay fight. Plus, we got the dragon. I mean, we could always play for soul to win. Some of my bubbles definitely could have been a little bit better, but I'm glad that I was able to kill somebody in the end. I mean, the game state still is a very even one. It's not like uh our team is or me is necessarily like super winning just yet because of the uh bot lane being far behind. But regardless, I do think that we still have a better uh chance of winning this so far cuz I don't think that the enemy team comp is that scary just yet. I think Senna needs to scale further and Noturn isn't the scariest just yet for assassinating people. Is this warded here? She was uh backstapping a lot there. So, I figured that she would backst step again back towards us, but she didn't. Still fine, though, because uh you can see that. Oh my goodness. They are just going over there. Who on earth I just hit. Oh, is like going to kill that guy almost. I landed bubble onto Swain, so that's big damage. He did get woken up, but that's okay. Everybody kind of got far away from each other, huh? Um, my R didn't go over the wall that I wanted it to uh go further because you can use your R like halfway over a wall and if it does that then um I probably would have been able to catch Yeah, I'm here in case somebody shows up. But doesn't seem like Noctturn's really coming over. Is he going this way? No. Where could he be? I have mid lane kind of shoved out again. My Horizon Focus cost 1,000, so I'm still like 50 away, which means I probably should just stick around for this next wave. We need to uh probably land even more bubbles. But also uh Jana did apologize. I think guess that she messed up some of the uh timing because with your bubble, you have the true damage part which uh does an up to bonus damage amount based off of how much damage you deal. And if somebody wakes them up and doesn't deal a lot, it barely does any true damage whatsoever. So, usually you don't want to uh wake them up unless you are Zoey because you can like hit them with your Q, which does a ton, which uh didn't really happen there. Their team comp is definitely getting a little bit more annoying to play versus because of the uh merk treads on so many of them. And honestly, like uh not having much timing after landing bubble with tenacity and then they uh wake up faster gives way less opportunities for you to like land a better Q. That's uh from far away so you can get like the big damage off. I would miss that. But that's okay. This guy is still dead. Doesn't really matter. I really want that balloon. Nice. We got exhaust. That is so freaking strong. Exhaust. Ignite. Ignite. Ghost barrier. Heal. Every single one. That's like a regular summoner or like hext rocket belt is usually the best. If you just get the uh hydras, that's like the worst. Did he go top mid? Huh? I guess he went top and he just failed killing. So now Fior is just killing everybody. Well, this game is looking a little bit over for them. Uh, she body blocked for him, but that's okay. I'm just going to use the uh locket that she also gave us, too. I can maybe still bubble over this wall and see if I get a pick from far away because honestly, the bubble range from this distance is pretty incredible. Still was able to land all my stuff over there. Just going to bubble again. If it hits anybody, then we can always look. Oh, well, it did land on somebody, but that's because she stepped on it afterwards, though. We're going to put a board over this wall. Just continue chucking the bubbles over everywhere because we know that we can just throw them non-stop now because every single time that we land it, we lower the cool down from 8 seconds to 30% less. And we're not even 16 or not 16, uh 13 yet, too. We can get so much stronger. Why did the bubble go so far there? I mean, it's still fine, but I'm just going to pick up this guy's flash, of course, because we want to use it. So now, if Noctturn ganks us, he just will have like a much harder time fighting because we can have two flashes away. Plus, also, if I do use one flash, I could probably escape without even burning a summoner again. There's a little bit of poke damage onto them. I will not get hit by that. I was worried for a little bit. We could honestly go for magis if I want. I do have 10 stack dark seal and I feel pretty confident that it doesn't seem that many of them can ever deal with getting on top of me. And because of that, I am down to just have the bonus movement speed from this to make it even more difficult to get us since at 10 stacks or more, it gives that 10% movement speed. Bujor's bot side. We have two people top. Uh Noctturn's botside and Kha'Zix wants to do the Baron because Noctturn's probably far away. Plus also Kha'Zix does like a ridiculous amount of damage to Baron too cuz he's um single target. He's t or he's not tping. He's basing. No, he's not. He's like still like staying somewhat botside. So, it's just over cuz he's just standing there. Oh, it's free. Nice. Free Baron for us. Then all go mid. So, the control of the game is completely in our favor. every single time that they ever step up to like try to find uh picks and stuff, we can just fight them back pretty easily. Close attempt onto the Senna, but it misses just barely. I mean, clearly they're fighting here, but I don't have the best way of uh assisting really. Big damage onto that guy. He misses. He's almost dead. I didn't land that last bubble, though. That doesn't land either. Dang. I'm just going to chuck a bubble here cuz somebody might be in this area. Uh because this shows the entire area that I'm in. I'd rather go into a spot where I'm not seen as easily. Uh, they still see me where I'm at, huh? Oh, well, I guess I would probably just back away if anything. I mean, I'll chuck a bubble and just see if maybe they walk into it on accident, but it's probably not. Oh, they walked into it kind of. I should probably just back off, though, cuz you're just getting kited out. And honestly, I can't do enough with what I have to assist further than this. All I can do is continue chucking bubbles and hoping for poke. We're only one dragon away from getting soul anyways. They'll they'll be forced to fight us there. And if they do fight us, he'll be so free because I don't think that there's any way with our team comp that we could ever fall behind from this point. We are good to go. With Zoe, you don't even like need to get kills either. All you have to do is just land some bubbles to just poke people out. And then uh once they get chunked, they can't contest because they're too low and they have to reset. Wow. Nice. There's one. My bubble missed sadly, but that's okay. Should be fine. Got a little bit of damage onto them. I still think that we can probably contest here. Dude, they are like walking in such a position that I'm going to flash away from TF so he can't catch me. But they're chasing and I'm like using my bubbles over walls frequently to try to get all the kills that I can. Nice. Very prefight. cuz even though uh they kind of were doing okay with the team fight, I can still just continue chucking stuff over the wall and if they ever make a huge mistake, they're just screwed. And then uh what's really nice is that when Zoe gets to about this stage of the game, which is uh like I only really needed Horizon Focus and Ludens and the Lucidity Boots, this Fish Codeex doesn't add that much more and you don't even need to go more CDR items, but I'm just doing it anyways. um you're able to kind of chain bubbles together where I landed bubble onto noturn turn and by the time that he was about to wake up even though he has Merk treads and it would be even easier if he didn't. Uh my Q did miss because he flashed but as you saw my bubbles on such a low CD that I could land it again and then if it does stick we just do that over and over again until they die cuz usually if they're like somewhat tanky it takes like three bubbles or so to uh successfully kill them. We do have a flash available, but I will use it because I mean, it's going to expire pretty soon anyway, so I might as well just have it be used for now. Noctturn is not ganking us just yet. I thought he would juke further uh into his own base, but he did not, which is still okay. just hit this top a little bit. Uh we might still get ganked by No. We'll see if he wants to just commit and just uh distract me from team fighting if he is going to be doing something like that. O can't see anything. So I don't know if there's any more angles of attack here. We land a bubble on him. Landed bubble on him again. Got him. Landed bubble again. I was hoping that maybe I could catch TF there, but I wasn't able to. But it doesn't really matter because we still were able to uh get off a little bit of picks there. They hit me with the snare. Doesn't really matter though cuz we're so strong. He can't move. Wow. I'm still alive. Holy crap. Oh, my ability didn't land. Wow. I can't believe you saved me. Holy crap, dude. I'm literally just always alive. I don't even know what I'm chugging this at. I just was like, you know what? Casant is trying to fight somebody over there. I'm just going to throw out an ability because maybe it will like stick on somebody that I don't even see was not uh anything to land though. There's nobody over there. But our cooldowns are so short that it doesn't really matter if I miss. Anyways, we landed something onto the Senna. I tried going for Morichiser instead of the uh Swain, but I probably could have went for Swain there instead. And you can see that like once again my spam is just so absurd. Landed onto Morichiser. Land onto Swain for a little bit of healing from the uh ocean dragon soul. Still land another bubble there. This guy's just trying to ult me. I landed bubble onto Swain. He should probably die here, I'm imagining, with somebody else hitting him. Nope, nobody was able to. Darn. I still landed a lot of stuff, though, so I think he still should die. Uh, let's just flash cuz I don't want to get hit by that. Oh, I'm still alive. All right. Yep. And that is Zoe mid for you because as soon as uh you get to the three core on Zoe now, and it's not even three core. I guess it's just two items plus boots. I'm pretty sure core usually just means the uh like full items. Just a little bit of CDR with a CDR build, you just feel like you can just throw things all the time. And then with being able to pick up summoners and stuff, it makes it so much easier to play the game. So anyways, thanks for watching. And hopefully you guys enjoyed on the uh Zoey commentary versus this Twisted Fate. I did most damage in the game. Did 52k. This guy did 14k. Kha'Zix also popped off really hard too though. So anyways, thanks for watching and I will see you guys next time. Farewell. Bye. Hey everybody, welcome to the Zoey and Arena section. We are starting off with some prismatic augments. Blade Walts of course I feel like is probably the worst one here. So we're just going to reroll that. We have spellwake, which is that wave. Not sure if it's really that good for us. We have fill your remaining augment slots with silver augments, which is interesting. And accelerating sorcery could definitely make it so I can like infinite stack bubble probably pretty easily, but I I feel like that's kind of boring. I just want to try to see if I could do something that's not CDR related because in my last Zoe video I a lot of times in arena I get stuff that just is already related to uh doing that kind of thing. We also have that. So let's just choose transmute silver and just see what we get. Uh we'll still go CDR boots though because I still think that's going to be pretty good. We have warm-up routine. We have infernal dragon soul. We have Morgana Black Shield. And we have Tormentor which is immobilizing. Why are they pinging me? Uh, we have immobilizing uh causes a burn effect, which is pretty bad only because there's no way to realistically like land it uh often, but that's fine. Oh my gosh, I can't like rotate the correct way. Uh, we'll just bubble. Wow, I really thought that Amumu was going to continue walking that way. So, my bad on that, I guess. I mean, I'm not getting hit quite a bit here, though. Dude, this pillar feels so weird to go around. That did not hit because they blocked me, but that's fine. We'll just go this way instead. Uh, he should die here. Uh, I'm going to flash away one time, I still think. Oh, did I not get hit by that? Wow. Oh my gosh. I might be able to res and also Oh, dang it. We almost were able to like turn it around because I honestly landed a lot in the V uh very end there. But warm-up routine um it increases your damage by 20% which is not that bad. And then there are other things about warm-up routine which could be kind of nice. I'm just trying to see what other uh things could be leveled up. This burn one is always going to be terrible because we can't stack the mobilization unless we get like a ridiculous amount of CDR. But what's nice about going the transmute silver is that you can um level up your augments. And one of them that I can level up and hopefully I level it up maybe earlier than later is that warm-up routine at max level is up to 40% increased damage. So of course that's a significant amount. And the other part is that at max level you gain permanent increased damage when you reach the maximum amount. And uh I think it goes up by 1% each time. But if we get it early on of course then it could be 40 then you know 41 42 43 super early. And that sounds kind of nice. Uh, lightning rod is for the autocast, but we don't really have any auto cast right now. Cruelty probably isn't that important. We have another autocast thing here, too, but again, we uh probably are not going to be going autocast this game. Sanguin for healing. I really didn't really want to go gamblers, but honestly, the choices here are just so bad. And I don't really want to roll again. I'll just risk it. Really? I didn't realize that we also could get a prismatic augment. That's kind of annoying that I didn't realize that because uh what I took was something that could have really benefited the um uh I'm not able to get over there very easily, guys. At least my wildfire is going crazy. Anyways, wildfire is like grand ultimate and uh if I had the autocast up, it could be even crazier. And I did find out that the auto cast does of the wildfire stack permanently if we stack that one all the way. I don't know. We're probably dead here. Oh, wait. Maybe not. I will die. I can't get res, but maybe the Zach dies. Hopefully. Hopefully they don't get Dude, they're going to get outplayed. He wins easily. Atrox just auto attack. Oh my gosh. Just auto attack the BL. Okay. I'm pretty sure you could have won that if you played a little bit differently, but that's okay. We did get a little bit of gamblers from this. Now I have two things to maximize, which is warm-up routine and wildfire. So, I guess we'll uh Ooh. Uh, let's just do the uh warm-up routine maxed so we can start stacking that, I guess. It takes a long time to fully stack it, doesn't it? Because now it takes like twice as long. I believe takes 20 seconds. this tiny poke damage. I know that I hit her and stuff, but I'm trying to get my warm-up routine fully maxed just so I can have the uh thing done. Dude, we're playing way too aggressive all the time. I fully maxed it. Oh, I still was able to I feel like do really good there, though. No, dude. I'm not going to fully try to kill them. I have to maximize this to get the additional damage. This guy doesn't understand. I need to do this. Wait, it says two. Does two mean that that's like 1 second of it, or does that mean that I get two stacks immediately? Gain permanent increased damage when you reach maximum stacks. And it showed two. I could buy another prismatic item. Crown is pretty good probably. Rune carver is also fine. Ooh, diamond tip spear for increased damage from far away though as well. Uh, I did get hit kind of hard, but I mean this guy did go alone. I have to go to the other side otherwise I die. Nice. So, I mean, this round was way easier because I was able to get the maximized amount of my warm-up routine so early on, and increasing everything by percentages is kind of ridiculous, especially once I get to high AP amounts cuz what's going on is that I have Let me just decide on this first. Uh, we don't really care about Fallen Agis in my opinion. Of course, tormentor doesn't really matter either, so I'll just roll. We have the Wildfire to increase the damage. And of course, uh, doing this probably could be kind of nice. Otherwise, I could also replace one of my augments with a higher tier one and like remove like infernal dragon soul if I really wanted to or tormentor and try to get a gold augment instead of trying to maximize this. But since this I would probably choose this if this showed a different thing to level up maybe I don't even know if there was anything else to level up I guess at this point. So we'll always show it. So let's just go for the wildfire. So now we have 4%. So, I guess that's four% increased damage because it says four permanently. And of course, Gamblers is increasing my stuff by a percentage, too. Oh, you woke him up. Uh, I wish they didn't do that, but that's okay. little bit of damage onto her. Again, I'm just going to continue doing this a little bit just because I know that uh I can get a tiny bit more damage. I'm still trying to stack this fully because I don't want to win just immediately if possible. No, dude. We need to not go so far forward, but oh well. Like uh beforehand. Otherwise, I never can fully stack my warm-up routine because honestly, we can play for later in the game where we could like be fine with them just walking towards us and trying to fight us and just poke them a little bit and then back away and dance, but there's no way to like really communicate that cuz Alistar is going in so hard. And the reason why uh we did lose is because she also has uh duality. So every single auto attack was giving her a ridiculous amount of AP and then she was just hitting Allistar the entire fight. So I am going to try to get some of my HP back cuz I feel like that's worth it because I don't need to have anything else. I could go for another prismatic if I really wanted to. Is there items that I would really want though? Let's just do it. Night harvester is probably the thing that I would want. I don't really care about the burn. Is wildfire counting as a burn effect? Actually, I guess I never really thought about that. Two uh doesn't count wildfire then. It's just only uh counting tormentor, but oh well. It still is like burn effects that are pretty strong and having more HP probably isn't even that bad. So, we'll take it. It's okay. Terrible throw, but that's fine. Who? Who are they trying to kill? I threw a bubble over there. Oh man, I hit them at the worst possible timing for that. Nice. They die. Well played. Okay, cool. Well, we were able to now have six of our warm-up routine for the early game. I still wish I knew exactly what's going on with it, but it's okay. And then if I roll one of these, it hopefully will show us wildfire cuz I'm pretty sure that's the only other thing that I could ever level up. And because of that, now I can increase the max bounce count whenever it fully bounces by one permanently for the rest of the game. So hopefully I can now go forward and cause the brand ultimate to go off. And then the brand ultimate also counts for gamblers to potentially give me more cash. Then I can finally start getting higher AP. So we have a nice percentage thing going on. We have percentage with this. We have a percentage with our other things. And then we just need higher AP. It's time to buy real items probably now and not prismatics. Okay. I mean, you can jump on me if once like that. I need to finish warm-up routine to get the max potential from it. Please. Okay, Cogmon dies. I use the portal to the other side. How did he wake up? Dude, I wasn't able to get the max amount, but it's okay. I mean, we've already done it a few times. Also, maybe the wildfire. I'm not even paying attention to if I ever had it bounce between us because I am running away from people. And uh it probably is for the best to me. Maybe stacking the wildfire more than the uh warm-up routine at this point. This one uh if it chooses us will give all of us 20 HP for the uh team round. So then this game will hopefully last longer, thus allowing me to stack even more of everything that I have. I can remove an augment to level up other stuff, but there's nothing really to level up. So, I probably should just have a silver augment. And that is fine with us. He just has Goliath plus Dreadbringer. Dude, he has so much HP. 10,000 Spirit Link. Fiddlesticks has Jewel Gauntlet, so the amount of damage he does is okay. Oh, he has vulnerability now. Ooh, that's the thing that actually affects his uh drain and his um ultimate. I was going to say Jewel Gauntlet doesn't work the way that you think. So, wait, what woke her up? Did I make a mistake there? Can I Can I still stack this even though the round is over? Like, did it work? I have no idea if it works that way or not. I have generated so much money from gamblers. Even though I'm playing Zoey, I feel like Zoe's not a very good character with this, but yet it's doing so much. Yeah, you guys do have a lot of HP. So, Wildfire did go up one uh stack that round, and now you can see that it does 600 damage per bounce, but of course, we have multiple things that cause it to deal even more. And then uh it will be seven next time. Hopefully we can get it up to like 10 or something because if it just bounces between them, it goes so crazy. Yeah, it did work. Wow, I didn't know you could just use it at the end. So, we just have 8% increased damage permanently. That's kind of sick as heck, not going to lie. Uh, let's probably have like some pen. How much HP do these guys have? They have a bit, but probably still not enough to uh care about getting Perplexity cuz Perplexity is like really good for people that have 2500 more HP. And even Riven just only has like 400 more HP. So, it's not like that insane. Do I want to go burn effect? I honestly think that I should maybe build Riyze because uh this wildfire bounces and it's Bran ultimate, but Bran ultimate uh with this I think doesn't slow and this will hopefully keep people more together or more near me where the bounces might reach the maximum cuz it has to reach the maximum for it to give you the permanent stack. Do we have anti-heal? Cuz it feels like Riven's like not dying. Somebody woke her up, but it's not like I really deal any damage to her in the first place. That person dies. Uh, I don't even think I need to flash away like that quickly. Just like slightly flash away. Oh gosh, dude. She is literally just going for me. I'm definitely going to be dying here. How many stacks did I get from this? It's up to eight now. I did maybe die at a really good point where if for some reason my teammates can't kill, I think I get resed at the timing that the fire ring comes forward and that like helps out a little bit. Can I even uh use this fast enough? I can't. Oh well. Still 8% increased damage is still very good. Dashing. Oh, there's a curse power. We don't really care about that. Hold very still. We can also have a black shield that's stronger. We also have really nothing else. It's just that stat anvil. I don't think I really care about that. I'm just going to choose the silver one and just choose whatever here. And then we'll just buy some stats just to increase our AP a bit further. Get the ability haste one. We now have eight stacks on this. So, it does 700 damage each time. This has done 5,000 damage so far. I feel like my overall damage this game probably is not really that crazy because I feel like my stats are still kind of low. But since we're still winning, I don't want to sell gamblers until the very end because if we're continuing to still uh do good, there's no reason to change the build. Okay. Well, that uh Tom Kench died immediately. 1.4K AD. Honestly, 1.4K AD I feel like isn't even that much. I feel like he could probably get even more, could he not? Wow, that's a lot of ability haste he gets. Holy crap. I mean, he does already have overlords. He has to get lower to increase his AD by a lot. He has 20,000 HP on Allistar. My goodness, dude. They're so freaking strong. Did my thing stack one more time? No, still at eight. 10% increased damage permanently. Maybe we sell Ionian and just go for like a cosmic drive or something. Otherwise, I could just go for like another prismatic item and then just try to find like a demon king or a dragon heart to just have more souls and increase my stats by a percentage. Usually, that's pretty good to have. So, I could do that. I would need like another 500 gold to do it, though. And I'm not really sure if I can do that very easily, getting 500 gold. Yeah, gamblers might do it. We can do it. It's fine. We'll just wait. We are winning very hard, too. Lux has Doomsayer, but does she even have a lot of stacks from it? No, not at all. The Lilia has Giant Slayer by a lot, and she does bonus damage up to 40% more based off of champion size. And as you can see, my teammates are like extremely big, so she's going to be dealing massive damage to them. Okay, I'm fully stacked now. But the only way to win this is killing Lilia. If we never kill Lilia, there's just no way. I have to leave and go to the other side because otherwise I just die. Is it Lilia? If I ever land bubble onto her, she's screwed. But of course it is Lilia and that's very difficult to do. Bubble lands maybe. Still no. Yeah, she's so annoying, dude. Because of how quick she is. I feel like I could maybe cut her off though if she doesn't die there. I was going to say I'm just going to put down like my E in this area cuz I feel like she would have ran down then up. We have adapt. Honestly, adapt probably is the best thing here. convert bonus AD into AP plus gain 10%. And we can also have the conversion rate even better. Or we can replace something. Increase max HP by half of your mana. Wait, if I choose this, where does the augment go? Do I have the augment? I think I do. I still don't have enough money to buy another one, but next round we win regardless. So, there is literally no point of doing this cuz we're just going to win. GG's. There's literally no way to lose this. We are just that fed. Or like my teammates are just that fed. Unless for some reason like they're able to catch my team here. But I mean, I'm just landing abilities onto the back wave and Fiddlestick didn't even ult. I wonder if my damage is even going to be like comparable to uh my teammates because with them having that crazy of a run, I I was Wow, actually my damage wasn't that bad. So anyways, that was me playing Zoe with uh going all silver augments at the beginning at least. Thanks for watching. Hopefully you guys enjoyed. I will see you guys next time. Peace out. Bye.
