Title: BEST NEW Yorick Builds & Runes❓❗❓  - (🔥Deathfire &⚡ Voltaic Meta) - [S16]
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hW2lTy4o2D0

Content:
I do not live in hope. I work to return it. Hello and welcome back, guys, to a new video. Welcome back. You won't be here long. Today, in this video, I'm going to be going over some of Yorick's new items and rune changes. Which means we have good news, but we also have bad news. So, let's get into the bad news first. As some of you have might have seen, I made a Yorick's summoners and runes guide. And now, since they're changing comet and phase rush, it's going to make a big dent into the changes, since a lot of it doesn't work as it used to anymore. First change will be from arcane comet. It's sadly going to lose some of its base damage, but now, in return, it's going to deal double the damage based on the students. So, online, if you hit Q or E or have your pets attack an enemy, if you look down here at the bottom, you can see that comet's cool down is being reduced based on how many abilities you're hitting. And since all of our pets count as abilities, they can lower the cool down and just keep procking it over and over again. Meanwhile, for phase rush, it's being replaced by storm raider search, which works very similar to it. If you guys saw one of my other last few videos, I showcased how I hit masters on Yorick by using this rune and a bunch of other builds. And phase rush essentially worked very similar to electrocute or comet. Our pets attack three times and we regain phase rush. And this would grant our ghouls additional movement speed when it is procked. Now, it shows like they're not, but I can assure you that is mostly [snorts] a bug. If we go down here into Yorick's and you read this part, Yorick's ghouls will gain 60% bonus movement speed and benefit from Yorick's flat move movement speed bonuses. Phase rush is a percentual exception. I already explained that in a different video, so I don't want to repeat it again. But as you see, comet will fall, but now its cool down is not going to be reduced. But based on the distance of you and the enemy, its damage will be different. And basically, if the first comet will hit very hard, dealing double 46, being 92 technically, but it's only 91 because of maiden range. That means the next comet, when you land your E and you go in, and again, the cool down will not be reduced. So, you're going to have to wait the whole comet cool down, which is very bad. The next comet will only deal 46 damage. So, not only are you going to lose a lot of comet procks, but you're also going to lose the damage prock itself, because now comet's damage will based on distance, meaning it's very weak and likely only good into range champions or champions you can keep at range or if you play Yorick in the middle. Meanwhile, phase rush now, it doesn't prock off dealing three abilities. You have to actively hurt the enemy and make them lose 25% of their max HP for it to prock. To make the example a bit more clear, I'm going to give the dummy a bit of resistance alongside a bit of HP to show that even though it can be procked by our pets still, because we won't have a lot of burst in line, the consistency of it procking is going to be way lower. This by now, phase rush would have al- al- already procked. You would need to hit E, Q, and maybe a squishy enemy for it to prock. Now, it procks instantly. But if we wait the full storm raider cool down, I'm probably still going to call it phase rush. It most likely will not instantly prock when it's off cool down. Yep. It took a slightly moment longer. And because it's based on damage dealt, it loses its consistency. Hopefully, it'll still be good on us, since it's it can save us from it can save us from Gwen and Mordekaiser, even Tryndamere and Jax, and it's very good against range, but losing the consistency of hitting the enemy one, two, three and a running may be a detriment to it. But hopefully, phase rush isn't too bad. So, Join me, brother. >> even though comet is now weaker, because it lost its base damage and cool down reduction. And the phase rush may be a bit more inconsistent. All the other runes, such as conqueror, is untouched, still solid, very good. Same goes for grasp and all its other variants. Fresh rock is still a bit niche, but we can use it here and there in the tanks as well. Well, hail of blades has got a minor buff. Now, hail of blades may have lost its some of its bonus attack speed, but now the empowered attacks will deal bonus true damage based on your level and scaling with 8% of your bonus AD and 6% of your bonus AP. Meaning, the rune can now scale a bit better. So, when you attack the enemy three times very quickly, it will deal a bit more damage. And it still works like the old one, so if you weave your Q in after the first auto, you will get four very quick auto procks. Well, if you include titanic hydra with it, you will then have five fast auto procks. This could make the build with titanic a bit better, since the only two runes that are very, very good with titanic is grasp, because titanic scales with HP. And outside of that, it's uh hail of blades, which is very rare for me to take, but it is good. But if you do get good at it and you buy other on-hit items or that have on-hit effects, like uh Wit's End or Guinsoo's Rageblade, in this case, Guinsoo's will get more. And it's not too bad. You can just do the same combo and faster your attack speed, the faster it is, but also stronger, since you're going to apply these on-hit effects a bit quicker. And hail of blades is the only start of the good news, because now Yorick has a whole rune to himself. And that's fire touch. I already explained this intensively and in depth in a different video. Essentially, deathfire touch will burn the enemy for four up to 12 damage, burning them once per second. And this can be procked by just hitting any ability, and depending the ability, the duration is different. For single target, like Yorick's Q, because our Q is single target, if we Q them, they will burn for 4 seconds. If I E them, that's 2-second burn, and for the ghouls, it's making them burn every second. If I get another ghoul and I try to make it attack at a different time, then it can keep the enemy on fire. So, for maiden, since she attacks fast enough, she can apply it each second and fully apply deathfire touch and make it deal double the damage each time. Now, as you can see, maiden is dealing physical damage, because this rune is adaptive. Even though maiden deals magic damage, the burn itself will be AD, which is nice. But because maiden can burn them and deal AD, as you can see, maiden can apply black cleaver. And she can give us the movement speed. >> [laughter] >> Because of that, we can just Q an enemy and instantly prock black cleaver. So, even though Yorick is not a burn champion, like Brand or Lillia, because our pets count as abilities and they attack at all times, they can just apply this rune permanently, which is going to be very strong, because when we hit them and they're burning, you will have the movement speed from black cleaver the whole time, while the enemy's shredded. So, we can Q the enemy and kite away if needed and then come back when they're fully shredded. Same goes for our E. We can hit our E and it's going to tick up to four times, because our E is AOE, so it's going to make the burn last 2 seconds. 2 * 2, that's 4, so we get four stacks of black cleaver. So, just one more auto after you hit your E, it will stack black cleaver. This will also mean that if you hit E on multiple people, you can almost stack it on all of them. Everyone I knew is dead. How are things with you? This also means that if you hit your E, you're going to have the 20% the 20 flat movement speed the whole time while the enemy's burning. Giving you even more movement speed to run up and wall the enemy or queue them. This also means that when you hit your E, before your ghouls even attack the enemy, they already lost so much armor that their damage is going to be buffed on top of it way faster than before cuz normally the ghouls would have to jump and they shred the enemy for you with Black Cleaver. Well, now the E can help you do that or even your Q. This also means that Black Cleaver technically buffs Deathfire Touch as well. Cuz Deathfire Touch will deal AD damage. Black Cleaver will lower their armor, meaning as they're losing armor, the burn damage will go even higher. Not just with your E, but with Black Cleaver as well. Because your E will reduce your armor by 18% up to 25% while Cleaver will make them lose 6 up to 30% of their armor. Deathfire procs individually for each ability you're doing. Example, we have Maiden at the moment. So, it's burning by Deathfire each time she auto attacks, but also once. So, to make it easy, Deathfire is burning once. If I queue the enemy, they're burning twice by the same rune. If I E them, that's the third time. With just these two, now it's two. Q. That's true. So, if we have the enemy at the bare minimum of just having four ghouls and a one Maiden, you're taking the same rune damage five times. So, even though the base damage of this at the moment is weak and it's only making them burn by 11, if you look very closely, you're going to see that a bunch of 11s are popping up because all these ghouls are applying Deathfire Touch to the same person, meaning they're burning five times, not only once. And if I E, that's six times. If I Q, that's seven times. In lane, you can easily just do a Q trade, walk away, and they'll at least burn a third time and apply the double burn at least once. You can hit E, make them burn for 2 seconds, and if you have ghouls, they will keep burning. And if you want to all in, you can also do that and keep the burn going. But with Deathfire Touch, you can poke, you can all in, and you can make very short trades. Which is rare because usually with Grasp, you make short trades work very well. With Comet or Aery, you just poke the enemy. While with Conqueror, you likely go for all ins. So, this rune can do all three at the same time. Which is why it's going to be our best. And even though it was a lot, I did manage to update every single one of these rune pages and text in regards to the changes we got. Even added an additional one for Conditioning and Overgrowth since these were also be stronger and I was missing the synergy with Titanic Hydra and Hailblade builds needing Overgrowth or HP shards. On top of this, I also explained everything I just did, but more in depth on this page as well, which is public. So, if you want to find it, just go in the description and you should see a link. There's also a video in case you haven't seen it. I basically explain which abilities proc it for how long. Basically, the math of it doesn't matter that you have one ghoul, two ghoul, or three ghoul. They will all proc a 1-second burn on the enemy and its synergy with Black Cleaver, which is why it's going to be very, very strong on Yorick. I updated Arcane Comet because of its changes. Low-key, it may be trash. I'm not going to use it as often. Aery is still fine, but because Deathfire Touch is basically melee poke, you know. I may put Aery on hold and shelve it, but I'll leave it here in case people want to still try it or for those that already have been using it. Updated Phase Rush as well or Stormraider's. I'm still going to keep calling this Raider Rush. That's habit. Hailblade is also been slightly updated. And now with that all the way, we can get into the items for those that came here to see what would be the best new items on Yorick based on Deathfire Touch and the new changes we got. Even though this whole section of >> [snorts] >> items and builds is done, I'll make a separate video based on this. This video will only focus on basically what's new and what you should focus on and keep in mind for this patch. Like we have a new starter item, Doran's Shield, which will give you 110 HP, 10 armor, and 10 magic resist, which is really good because resistance is only good with HP. And HP only starts to matter if you really have resistance as well. So, for champions like Yorick that have healing in their kit, Doran's Shield will just be the best item. And I most likely will not start Long Sword into Refill unless I'm fighting Nasus and Kayle. And I most likely will not start Cloth Armor with Refill unless I'm fighting Tryndamere and I'm trying to rush Warden's Mail or something of the like. But even against them, I believe Doran's Shield will still be our best item. While Doran's Shield is only really good into poking, but we have sustain in our kit. So, even if we're fighting Teemo, the magic resist is good. Same against Tryndamere. AP tops, 10 magic resist is basically broken. So, Doran's Shield will be our best first item. Now, there's a lot of pages and on a lot of these pages, I go very in depth. So, it's very long. But I will only be going over the newest and strongest build that I've cooked up, which should be right here. Right here in this section, my most played right now. This one is updated. This is what I actually play right now but I made a second one, which is this one, Black Voltage. Which is basically Black Cleaver because it works very well with Deathfire Touch on top of Voltaic Cyclosword. All these other items will be explained later based on the build. You can read about it. But I think it's easier if I show you in game why Voltaic will now be our second best item alongside Black Cleaver. Since Cleaver is only really strong if you are going Deathfire. But if you go Grasp and Conqueror, Voltaic is a very strong second item. You can even go it first, but I would recommend going it second. Basically, when you proc it, you will deal 9% of the enemy's current HP as physical damage, and it will grant you bonus lethality of 15 for 4 seconds. 4 seconds. Which means if you proc this item with your E, they're going to lose armor, but because we gain 15 lethality, the ghouls will also gain that 15 lethality, which in total is 25 with the item's base lethality of 10. And as you can see, if I walk around or if I auto attack, the next ability hit, ghoul auto, Maiden auto, Q E will proc it. If I throw my E at the enemy, they're going to lose 18 up to 30% of their 25% of their armor. And then they're going to take 9% of their current HP. While E deals 6 up to 8% of their max HP. 6 + 5 when they're full HP is basically 15%. Why did that matter? Old Yorick E always did 15% of the enemy's current HP. So, hitting E and procing Voltaic will essentially feel like the old Yorick E damage while lowering the enemy's armor with our new E and giving the ghouls a total of 25 lethality will basically give them back the burst that they used to have. See how much I did? The ghouls jump with 25 lethality, which will last 4 seconds, the same duration our E armor shred last. That is where the synergy comes in. You can see how this build would basically buff itself because my E will lower their armor, procing Voltaic, which will then only give me 15 lethality. While since our E lowers their armor, it's going to increase lethality's damage. Cleaver lowers their armor, is going to increase to damage again. Voltaic procs, we're going to gain more lethality. And the percent max HP damage. So, now we're getting shred their HP or cut through it with our E plus voltaic. On top of lowering their armor twice, having our E burn the enemy with that fire, making their HP go even lower before the ghouls get there. On top of giving the ghouls 25 lethality, which means in lane, you can actually burst enemies again. After lane, not in lane. Unless you buy this first item, which you could, but it is it could make you squishy. And because Black Cleaver is going to be very good with that fire, it's easier to go Black Cleaver first, get your HP and AD scaling with it, and then getting voltaic second. Because of this, voltaic will basically be very very strong on Yorick. Before I get fully into the build, it's important to know that I don't want you to lose to shopkeeper. A lot of these builds look silly, they might make your head spin, and be confusing. But it's for my builds, remember that the only core items in these builds is the first two and sometimes three items. You don't have to follow it fully. The only reason why I show it fully is to show you what would happen if you keep following the builds strength and power, and what it does. Usually, you have two damage items. Example, Black Cleaver and Shojin. Two split push or defensive items. In this case, Hullbreaker or and Hollow Radiance. And then, the rest is flex, situational, or counter. Just for an example, in Iceborn Cleaver, the two core items is just Iceborn and a Cleaver. After that, you can switch it up as much as you like. As long as you get these two items, which are good together, you're good. Same with Titanic Breaker. High HP ratios, attack, auto attack resets, hitting towers. They just work together. Same with Bloodthirster and every other item combo or build, you see. Like if you go to a build, for example, in the first one, an Iceborn Cleaver is Iceborn Cleaver. I added Visage cuz the old core is you have armor, you have magic resist, you have damage, then you pick whatever you like. For your Iceborn Dragon, it's just Iceborn and Shojin. The rest is just a full tank build. The Black Dragon is just Shojin with voltaic and Black Cleaver. That's essentially it. So, after you see three spaces, that means the build ended, and this is what you could go for a full build. But realistically, you just need the first three or the first two items. It's the same for This is the only one that's like full because this is what I actually build all the time. Now, let's get back into black voltage and show off all the other builds that at least are going to be very strong that you should keep your eyes on >> [music] >> for dispatch 26.9. The corpus build is Black Cleaver with voltaic. Then you can get Titanic. Which then makes Sterak's better because of the HP. Then you can go Shojin if you like. You have boots. Or you go Hullbreaker and a Basion. It really doesn't matter. This is the main core, and this is the first one. You can either go full split push or you can go more full damage. I mean, you don't even go Titanic in this case. You just grab this, and then you buy Sterak's last if you want to. Or you can even just get It doesn't matter. Only the first two items matter. So, first build, black voltage. Good at shredding enemies, good at bursting them, whether they're tanks or squishies, and they're very strong at split pushing, assuming you go Basion or Hullbreaker, but even then, this still works against towers. But the main reason why I keep Titanic here is because super late game, I may just sell Basion or Sterak's or whatever I have to buy Static Shiv. It will take charges up the attack, it would apply static. So, if I move, she can apply it. And then when static procs, static can apply on hit items. So, once Maiden attacks them, she will proc Titanic. Look at this ghoul. The ghoul can apply it. The ghoul can apply a [ __ ] Titanic and static and [ __ ] It's even proccing grasp. Am I tripping? No, it's a It's proccing my grasp as well. You can see my grasp jump. I'm getting grasp from the ghoul. Voltaic will proc static, and that static will proc Titanic's passive and Hullbreaker's on hit passive. So, notice I have no Hullbreaker stacks. Titanic will proc on all of them. And if you paid attention, my Hullbreaker did as well. If I walk around and fill it up and auto, my Hullbreaker jumped to three instantly. Even though it's niche, very late game, you could do this. Which is why there's a second build for those of you that like to split push with Maiden. And that would be Ravenous Hydra, which is essentially Static Shiv with voltaic with Titanic. Now, this is not a real specific build. Like you don't go these items in these in this order, but it's to show you that uh these items work together. Voltaic procs static, and static procs Titanic. But it can also proc Iceborn. So, if I ult, that's a sheen proc, and the ghoul auto attacks. The ghoul procs. And if I just use an ability, meaning I have sheen proc, they can also proc that. Once you have Hollow Radiance, if Maiden killed anything, it's going to apply Hollow Radiance. Right? And these ghouls can also do do the same. They kill this, they proc it. If I wait for a wave, and then I'm walking, it will proc, making Maiden split push even stronger. Second build is Hungry Dragon. This is a build focused mainly on sustain because of these new boots they added, Lethality Greaves. I've explained it before. Basically, this item will give you four omnivamp, and as you get kills, it will keep going up up to six times. You can have 10% omnivamp. But now we have 8% omnivamp. This is for those of you that are not going to go Deathfire or want to go full damage because this gives you omnivamp kind of like conqueror. You can basically start to heal based on the damage you do. So, I'm just hurting myself here in game, and I will start healing from them. You're even going to heal from Deathfire because it's dealing dot damage. When a champion you damage within 3 seconds dies, you gain 50 omnivamp for 8 seconds. And I kill a dummy, the omnivamp will be even higher. The core of this build is mostly Shojin and Eternal, but because it's a healing build, you can just keep buying more items that heal you. You go Shojin first, then you get Eternals, then you buy Sterak's or Visage. This depends what's happening. Nobody's buying anti-heal or is AP, Visage first. Need armor, this, getting bursted, Sterak's first. Then this. It all depends what you're fighting. Visage will increase your healing. Which will increase your healing from Endless Hunger, conqueror, grasp if you take out the grasp, the shielding from Sterak's, same with the shielding from the other items in case you go Sky and Eclipse will also increase your healing. But that is the core of this build. As you can see, the main items are really just these three. I'm not an aggressive Yorick player, so that This is why you don't see me build it often, but it is still viable. Third build would essentially be good and evil. I find the Black Cleaver good. As a joke and an agenda, I find Trinity Force bad. But I know Trinity Force is very popular on Yorick. It is one of his most used items. So, if you're not going Deathfire and you're going grasp and conqueror, since the sheen from Trinity Force does give you a bit of burst, it could still be good with Phase Rush. Then you can just buy voltaic second. It's basically slotting in voltaic with Honestly, any other build. they are just basically classic Yorick but with modern items. It would just be Triforce, Voltaic, and the Shojin. Black Cleaver. And the rest is history. You need resistance, Visage, Dead Man's would do the trick. With Dead Man's, you can charge up Voltaic faster. Then you queue the enemy. Rock and sheen. Dealing the damage from Voltaic and Dead Man's and sheen all in one go, which is kind of similar to strong monk. That is just basically an item combo, which is just this guy in this case, which is why it's also in the build, so you can just make your first hit deal a lot of damage. That is a lot. Also, it critted because of this guy, so if I crits again, that's a lot of damage. So, you choose your item. Let the pick be yours. This is good evil. This one will be for the normies, the Triforce enjoyers, the heretics, the non-believers, those that would enjoy the false trinity. It is what it is. Fourth [music] build would be the little classic of Iceborn Cleaver. Iceborn Cleaver really hasn't changed, like I said earlier. It would just be Iceborn into Cleaver, or Cleaver into Iceborn. As long as I have Visage, buy Voltaic when you can, maybe third, maybe even Iceborn into Voltaic, then you get Cleaver. Order does not matter. You either start with Cleaver or you start with Iceborn into Voltaic. You can mix and match these. Just Voltaic, if you're going it, it should always be second. And then, because you have Visage, you can finish it off with a healing item, or shield item, or anything you want that works with the other items like Maw of Malmortius. The three core items would just be Iceborn Cleaver. As you can see, Iceborn Cleaver has a tankier variant without Cleaver. So, the build would then just be Iceborn with Shojin instead. Voltaic when you can, and do essentially full tank. Tank items dependent vary, but I Another build would be double penetration. The build was essentially Cleaver to shred their armor, Liandry's to bypass their HP and start dealing AP damage, while then having in the past Eclipse to again bypass their HP by dealing 6% of their max HP, but we can now replace Eclipse with Voltaic third, maybe even second, and just deal 9% of the enemy's current damage. And basically, if you have As long as you have these three items, the build is essentially done. It's Black Cleaver, Liandry's, and then Voltaic. Voltaic is a good second, so As you can see, you can just go Black Voltaic and then pivot into double penetration. Which has weird items like Abyssal Mask because this will be our MR item. Nearby enemies take 12% more magic damage, so Liandry's will deal more damage, Maiden will deal more damage, and our E will also deal more damage. And then, if you need armor, that would be Anathema's Chains. Deals damage every 4 seconds when you're in combat. It's going to drain and deal damage to everybody around them. And because they're burning from Liandry's, or Dead Fire in this case, it's going to suck everybody. If I do the same build, it would essentially also proc Eclipse. If you want to be a menace, you could try this. Oh, and because Anathema's Chains' healing is based on the damage it deals, as you read there, you heal for 200% of the damage dealt. So, the enemy's taking more magic damage because of Abyssal Mask, you're going to heal more. Nice, right? So, this build's core is still just Black Cleaver first with Voltaic or Eclipse second or third. You just need to have these three items first or these three items first for this build to make sense. But since Voltaic is better and you may reach a full build state, then these two are the two items that can finish off the build for you. This isn't a new build, but because this build got updated, I will show it. It is mostly just Titanic Breaker, one of the item combos, alongside Hailblade, which Duskblade Duskblade Dawn works the same as it does on live, except it heals you. At the moment, I'm healing for 18 HP because this scales with 10% of your total AP and 3% of your bonus HP. The more HP you buy, the better. What is a high HP item? Titanic. But before I show you that, Duskblade Dawn can apply Maiden proc twice. So, if I E and auto, it procs it twice. You can even hear the sound twice. Q. So, I'm dealing Maiden's % max HP twice, which is Duskblade Dawn, which funny enough is going to heal you even against minions or monsters for the same amount. So, there's no penalty. You will heal and then deal Maiden % HP twice. By itself, not that great. But because it applies on-hit effects twice, if we have it with Titanic, it will proc Titanic twice. Normal Titanic, just a bit of cleave behind the enemy. Q. Double. This also comes toward the Hullbreaker. So, normal Hullbreaker, I auto, one stack, auto again, two stack. If I Q, two stacks. If I E, two stacks again. So, if you go Titanic Breaker, meaning you have Titanic and Hullbreaker, and you're fighting a tank, you need more healing or shred. One thing to keep in mind, Dead Firetouch has an AP ratio. So, having a bit of AP here and there isn't too bad. And now we can heal for 50, even against minions. And essentially, because it works off on-hit and auto attack resets, it's best with Hailblade, or against tanks, meaning you go Bork alongside this. So, the main build would be you go Titanic, then you can go Duskblade Dawn, then you can go the on-hit items if you want more damage, Bork if you're split pushing, Hullbreaker because we have Static. We can just get a We have Titanic, we can just get Static, which means we have the lightning effect. Because we have a bit of attack speed and auto attack resets, we can proc Static staying a bit more faster. Also, the zapping is also applying Static on everything, but it's also applying Bork on everything it's zapping. That's why Static can still work in this. The Static applies on-hit effects, and so does Duskblade Dawn. So, this is also applying two stacks of Blade of the Ruined King, which is you're dealing 9% of the enemy's current health on hit. Weird build, interesting build for split pushing and shredding tanks. Very niche, but next time I see a Cho'Gath, I promise you, I will try this. I will. Now for the real last build. Kind of experimental, but this will be a void dragon. And essentially, these three items all give you damage amplification. Shojin first for most part. This gives you 12% when you stack it up. Liandry's, this gives you 6%. While Riftmaker, this gives you 8%. Essentially, if you stack up all these items, as you see, Liandry's is fully stacked up, Riftmaker is fully stacked up, and Shojin is fully stacked up, you will basically buff your damage by a lot. Riftmaker has a passive called Void Infusion, gain 2% of your bonus health as ability power. So, you're gaining 24 ability power. Why does that even matter? We're playing Yorick. Well, our E does have a AP ratio. Outside of that, Dead Firetouch has a AP ratio, so the more AP we gain, the more damage it's going to do. And because of that, scaling with HP, you can also combine it with Bloodgorge, which is basically Sterak's Gage and Goredrinker. This has a passive called Tyranny, gain 2.5 of your bonus health as attack damage, but it has an additional passive. This one is called Retribution, gain up to 12% increased AD based on your percent missing health. This procs fully at when you're below 30% health, just like Sterak procs when you are below 30% health. And Sterak procs, we're gaining a total of 36. 36 + 54, that is 90. 90 + 30, the base AD from this item, that is 120 AD by just spamming HP items, which is why it's also in different HP builds like Titanic and Hullbreaker. With Shojin or Life Leaver, which I did not show, but maybe I will after this. Riftmaker gives us Omnivamp. We swap our boots and we get this. You can see how much we're healing as we have 20% Omnivamp. You can see the stat right here. If you press C, you can see additional stats, by the way. And if you have Conqueror instead of Deathfire Touch or Grasp for additional sustain, it's even better. Which, since I'm here, might as well do Titanic Hydra as well. Titanic Hydra. Titanic Hydra and Bloodgorge. That's two videos on it. You can mix and match it a lot. You can do it with Bloodgorge. You can do it with Titanic Hydra. Or you can just do it with damage items. It really doesn't matter. So, next patch, Cleaver, Voltic. Very good. Duskblade of Draktharr. New and improved. Can give you healing. Look out for it. Static can make nonsense happen and Titanic builds are way more stronger. This means that our pets can when we move and reach 100, they can apply Static. But also, it can heal us on most targets. Use a Sheen proc. It It can even apply Duskblade of Draktharr. So, the combinations are endless of what you can do. But the core will always be Cleaver with Voltic. And look for Titanic items. Those are what has gotten very strong. I'm going to update this item guide to make it a bit easier. It contains mostly all the builds I mentioned and some that were not mentioned. Updating this will take some time because as you can see, it doesn't have Helm yet. It doesn't It didn't update. And the runes here, it also doesn't have Deathfire Touch yet or even Phase [music] Rush or Stormraider's. But this your guide will also be in the description. If not, in the pinned comment. So, and in the end, that's it. Thank you guys for watching. Let me know what you're going to build the most. And tell me how it goes in your games. I have a flight on the 30th, so I'm not going to be able to play then. But on the day of the patch on the 29th, I'll probably stream and just play a little a little bit. If you're happy to play to go, I'm still in EU, but I will be back on my island in a bit. So, thank you guys for watching and see you next time. Stay safe and stay blessed. I thank you for your service. No one piece is real! Water for the living. Shut up for the dead. PSYCHO! [screaming] MORE! MORE FOR THE BLACK MIST! MORE FOR THE
