Title: Naafiri Guide That Will Instantly Raise Your Elo (Runes & Tips and Tricks)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpA6msLvdGc

Content:
Uh, we're back. This has been a while since I've dropped um any type of guide video. I think the last one was like summer or early part of summer. I don't remember. I think it's early part of summer, but um we're dropping another one. This one is going to be solely focused on talking about runes, right? When to take rune setup, right? Now, I'm not going to go into items this one, right? I'm not going to maybe I'm not going to dive into each one individually, right? So, we're going to get into it. Uh, also, if you're new here, by the way, welcome to the channel. Make sure to subscribe. This is where you get all your nefiri like information, you know. So, we have a lot of guys on this channel for you. We have right now we're trying to cover some more educational stuff. We're going to be talking about runes in the future, right? I'll talk about wanting to do like a matchup video. All right, for like shorts. >> [snorts] >> So, some of the stuff that we're planning in the future, but right now it's just the runes, when to take each, right? I I have other videos that explain items. I have other video that explains go in depth about each rune individually, right? And if there's any new ones that I'm taking here, then I'll probably go in more on it, right? So, the first page that I want to talk about is um like the default page really that would be like electric. So, I go this right now. This is kind of like the setup that I would go what it look like. So this electrocute page I take it versus um matchups where I need I can trade with them reliably. Um so I can learn like a double Q and I'll get like electrocute proc right from the Q plus dogs. This does a lot of burst damage. It's quick trading and you get a lot of burst. So, it's very good versus things where you can just it's like a a kind of a freeish lane where you can just land a double Q on them and get big damage or if you just don't want them to like you don't want to be taking [music] extended trade versus them or for example they have maybe like stealth for example. So like a collei like [music] she can stealth right so trying to play off dog damage you know or trying to like stay in the fight with her is going to be difficult. So just electric could be nice versus could throw your cues. That's it, right? Get the shot change and you run back. This is very good versus [music] uh stuff like that. So the next one, right, and I'll probably get back to this in a bit, but um also I want to talk about six cents here. I've started to take six cents over momentos. Um really nice rune. Sorry. Really nice rune gives you reveals wards for free. So you can spot out some early wards that let's say you want to roam towards bot. You can spot out a ward for you and then you can just play around it to go around. So that's how you're supposed to use this room. Spotting up wars and then going around it. Right. Right. When you can. So yeah, the next page that I want to talk about though cuz a lot of people always ask me this. Do I go conquer? So I want to go into conquer especially since like um a lot of people some people do play top lane of fear. So they're like wait when do we go conquer? Like you know cuz you know interest in it. Plus, it's really nice for like user build too, right? So, conqueror is very This is a page that I run, right? Nothing has changed in this rune. So, not going to go into depth about the the runes here. Previous videos, I have so many of them. You want to look at what why [music] I take now for this setup, right? This is very good versus cure matchup. So, for example, let's say you're fighting a Garin, right? Let's say you're fighting, let's say, Kled nowadays with the HP stacking. you're fighting or [music] fighting like these bulkier champions, these bruisers and tanks, right? Even good in mid lane too because mid lane you can go this page versus like guilas for example, right? I like to take this page versus Ekko too because of his ulti. So even though he's, you know, an assassin or skirmisher, right, he does have his ulti, which means he gets back a lot of health. So fights typically do last a little while with him. And also if he just presses R and get back his HP, I still have conqueror attack stacks to fight him [music] if I need to or if I can, right? So that's why I like conqueror versus like those type of things. Now mostly when you're choosing runes, I choose runes based off my lane matchup mostly, right? I prioritize lane matchup and then the whole enemy team comp. So for example, I played the game versus rise. Now normally I go comet versus rise, but I took conquer, right? It made my lane a lot harder, but they had like a tankish jungler or bruiser jungler tank top. Bot lane just had tankier champs as well. They were playing some weird stuff. So, a bunch of like they have a bunch of HP and the fights are going to last long. So, conquer given the AD stacking, right? [music] Makes it so that the longer the fight goes, you still have damage on the back end cuz they're not you can't one-shot them. You can't burst them with electro. So, that is [music] what's going to happen there. Now, the next page that I want to talk about, right, the comment page. Now, comment, right, there's two comment pages that um that I would do, well, this is the primary one. The other one more for like it's always been good. It's just um kind of harder to find angles for it. So, this is my comment page. Now, I've already explained numerous reasons why, but I feel like I may need to go [music] into why do it like this. So comic page right is very good versus like typically mages right but not just say mages because the other runes can be good against mages right less so on conqueror but more like electric and halo blades and I'll get into halo blades too soon too so this one now is good versus stuff where they poke you out heavy like very heavily and you want to have that like ability to lane against them to survive early because once you survive the early levels like get to like level four Right. And then you recall and teleport. At that point, you can buy a decent item like a long sword and refillable. So once you get to that stage, it's like you're killing, [music] but you can stay longer depending on how much skill shots you dodge in the meantime. So I like to take this um for example, right? Matchups like Oriana. So Oriana auto attacks you over the wave, right? And she cues auto attack you, right? Every time you want get to get CS. So you end up taking a lot of like damage at a high frequency cuz remember this page that I go is against mages that have a high frequency of damage. So it's not going to be good versus Zoe cuz Zoe I mean it can be but Zoe typically if she lands the E on you, she going to pop you with a Q. You're going to take big damage. You're not getting good second win value off that. Let's say you're playing against Victor. Future is going to queue you. He's going to auto you and then Aries is going to come in. Then he's going to E you, right? And then he's gonna, you know, get a lot of second win value from that. Same with Synra, right? She cues you, Q's Oriana auto, you know what I'm saying? So it's very good versus those. Now, there's certain mages, right? That you can probably like dodge things versus for example, let's say I'm against Hua. I don't need this page because Hua I can dodge his spells, right? So like electric would be good versus for example. So you can like once you get level six, you can just kill, right? So, you know, you need to set up for that. But comet really, this page is really just to get you that early level. So, you if you notice in my games, right, I have a lot of comet games where I'm versus mages. You notice that I be staying in lane so long because I'm using second winner and Dorian, right, to pair them up and get a bunch of healing. Now, for a variant here, you can run unflinching. Like for example, let's say against uh Landre, you can just take this instead cuz it gives you armor and magic resist um every time she lands her Q on you, every time she lands her W on you, getting this extra armor, magic resist, it's very good for and any other matchup that you feel like like is similar to that, then unflinching can be your goto as well. Now, the other variant would be something like this. So, um if you don't need the sustain, right? But yeah, you don't need the extra sustain. You can just go for haste and cut down. So just you utilizing the haste rune with transcendence to get a bunch of CDs. So this perfect for like the caster bill, right? The caster bill is like eclipse, spear, sorella into whatever else you need. So death stance, mo or you can go assassin utility items like edgeite so forth. It's very very good here [music] with that. You have so much CDR because this is intense. It's crazy. And then cut down obviously cut down very [music] broken. So you remember right and also another thing here right I I think I need to explain this too cuz another thing right overall this page as I said is supposed to help you get through laning phase early. So just to look at the page right every rune here helps with that. The comet is about hitting one Q on the enemy and then one Q on the way. So that because electric right you have to land double Q on the enemy. So, a lot of times, right, you're against a mage that is like far away and you can't reliably hit the double Q versus them. So, you land one Q on them and then one on the wave cuz you're trying to farm in this lane. You're not really killing them early. You're trying to get the farm, right? So, um that's the the key thing there. So you you can get a rune [music] a keystone in work by you um doing work without having to focus st all all your cues on the enemy is you can just do one on the wave right and one on the enemy and you're chilling and obviously everything here else supporting that mana flow balance supposed increase your mana pool so that you have more mana to work with to [music] farm lane compared to presence of mind where you have to hit the enemy to get back mana and kill them you don't need to do that I mean you need to hit them though event like you're going to hit them to stack the the queue right to do a little bit of trading. I'll score it obviously which is very good for those early trades so you can have more pressure in lane right so that when you have more pressure you can get the enemy to back off a little bit to create more breathing room for you to farm that is okay now next moon page I want to get into is the one that is very hot right now right Halo blades and I saved this for last because other ones are more like what were really being done before also the build for this one is definitely different right because this one this page you [music] it is very tied to the full lethality build with voltage or into opportunity right or what I like to do right now is ask so you can do voltic into any of these assassin items that you really want so whatever you feel like you need so if you feel like you need more burst you can go to opportunity like you need more CR and more ulti up time axium which I really like is very fun and it can create a lot of different angles but I've seen angles where I fall short because I don't have opportunity [music] especially yesterday. So yeah. So is this page right? This is sim is very similar to electrocute. All you're doing is just changing the key stuff. Now why why is halo blades good and nefari like what does why how does this work right? Some people may not understand why it works or why it's good. So hal blades on the by the way halo blades got like two like a lot of buffs. So it got buffed at the same time as electrocute and then got buffed again recently. Right. [snorts] a couple well months ago. Blades, right? You gain 160% attack speed, right, after you hit the enemy [music] and then you get attack speed and then for the next three auto attacks, you get it. Cool. Now, here's the thing, right? Ha blades good on Nefuri because it synergizes with her dogs. So, for those who don't know, right, Nefiri dogs share a one:1 attack speed ratio, right? Which means that if Nefri has two like attacks per second, right, that means that he will their dogs will attack our dogs will have that same attack speed. And why this [music] is um why this is very OP in that sense is because you jump on the enemy, right? Normally they just auto attack and then every time you auto attack, they just jump to [music] the enemy and auto attack. But when you have halo blades now, you're getting off a lot of auto attacks and then your dogs are jumping in on the enemy each time and just doing that extra damage. Now bear in mind, right, there's even more to this rune that you know that when I was doing some testing months ago, I you know came across the fact that halo blades, right? When you proc halo blades, you keep the attack speed, right? Let's say you auto attack enemy, then you stop auto attacking. That attack speed still lingers, right? Let's say you not use it up cuz if you use it up, right, the the rune goes away. But [music] if you don't, let's say you get like two auto attacks off and you don't have the third one. But let's say somehow your your dogs are stuck to the [music] enemy. They're able to hit the enemy. They will attack them with the two attack speed because you have two over here and halo blaze is still active. They will still attack the enemy at at a high rate and they'll just keep attacking over and over. So this rune can create scenarios where you get even more damage than you expect, right? But the downfall of the rune is that because it is depending [music] on it's very good because it synergize with your dog. If your dogs get killed or if your dogs get seed, load, stun, rooted, any of these knockback, knock up, any of these CCs, if your dogs get that, then you're missing out a huge amount of damage. That is the difference between electric cuz electric don't depend on the dogs, right? Other than for, you know, to start the proc right early when you're trading in lane. But with a hit blaze, you depend on the dog to do a lot of damage. Electrically, you're not doing that. But if your dogs are going to die quickly and this [music] rune is you're not going to see you're going to see a night and day difference between like um the damage that you potentially could be doing and damage that pill blade or famine. That's why I call this room faster or famine. That's why no not every game I take this rune. Now also bear in mind that you're going full lethality with this. Now why do we go voltic sword? Voltic sword is another item that underestimated on a fury, right? But it's very good with hal blades, right? Reason why is because when you slow the enemy, remember we tal about your dolls getting all those auto attacks off, right? You have halo blades, right? Then, right, if you have halo blades with voltage, when you hit the enemy and you slow them, they can't, they barely can move. So, now your dogs can reliably get their auto attacks off and you yourself can reliably get your auto attacks off, right, without them running away and kiting you. So, you get off a big amount of damage and then you just tear them apart. So you're going to see examples of this, right, where we just one-shotting enemies, right? Or [snorts] in your own experience, you'll see that. So that's why Voltic is very good with this. And because Hitler blades give you so much damage potentially, right, if you go full lethality with it, you're that's the maximum amount of DPS you can pull off in an assassination if everything goes according to plan. So you jump in on the enemy, right? And you just get those other attacks off. you can W before you engage, then you have even two additional DOS and more A. So, you're just going to see them evaporate, right? So, but if you don't if you need to save your W though, do save it. Don't play for W damage if you need to dodge an ability cuz you're stunned. If you get stunned, right, then it doesn't matter how much damage you have, you're stunned. You know what I'm saying? So, that's why Halo Blaze is really good. So, Halo Blaze is good versus champions, right? Because I didn't mention this. very good against champions that you can reliably engage on, right? And then get stay on them and then kill them easily. So like I did say electrocute is that good versus a right but Taylor base could be good too because really and truly like if you manage to get to Voltic right or if Deo wast his E, you can jump on him and just murder him just like that. You don't you just get the big damage there. So it's very good against champions that you can engage on and just stay on. So if I'm against like let's say I'm against for example Jinx I edge a knight I I just shoot over fly over her uh traps and just jump in big damage right quick easy kill so it's very good versus anything that you can just get in on you won't be having a hard time staying on the target to get damage done for example I think about let's say I'm running this versus like Synra I'm not going to get auto attacks off versus her Synra builds movement speed a lot she doesn't stop to cast spells so she keep moving. So, it's going to be difficult for the dogs to get their auto attacks off. Right now, I'm not saying that these runes can't work in these examples. There can be games where you can pull it off, though. But I'm speaking of a minmax scenario where you're trying to go the most optimal rune page in a situation where [music] if the all things are if the enem is playing good, right, and you're playing good, I guess, you know, you know, then these are the runes that will match what you need. So, just to do the recap, right, when do we take each room? Conqueror, very good versus tank your team comps, right? Tank your lane opponents. We're facing Yaso, you're facing Yon, you're facing Silas, right? Or you're playing top lane versus those bruisers and so forth. Um, the conqueror, very good. Stack up the AD, right? Then press [music] W with the increased AD makes your W give you even more AD, right? Cuz it scales off AD, right? Total AD. The conqueror very good versus those tankier ones. Electrocute very good versus champions that are relatively squishy. You can burst them with a double queing poke could get major poke damage, right? And if you can reliably hit double Q versus them, right, is very good. It's not, for example, a Zoe's one where I would go electrocute cuz if I go hala base versus Zoe, she's going to run around with a bunch of movement speed from her W and with her ignite Nimbus cloak and her ulti just hopping and stuff, right? So, electrocute, just send the double Q, boom, short trade. That's it. Very good versus things like that, right? So, think about it as a rune where you want to be able to burst and poke the enemy. You don't really want to stick around full trying to achieve this. want to be the quick and short most likely, right? Still can work with the lethality build of course, but for example, you could do Voltic with this build versus like Zoe if you feel like or whoever else you feel like is, you know, a good idea in your head, right? And once you play out the matchup that way, you know, hail blades very good versus things that you can jump on, right? You need to R on them and stick onto them. Now, also can be can work in lane where you don't have R, right? Let's say you run up to, for example, let's say you run up to Ari, for example, or let's say you run up to Ari and then Ari throws out her charm. You're like close to her. She throws out your charm and you press W and you run over the charm and then you just E in and such. Like Halo base can do big damage in lane, too. [music] So, if you can run up to the enemy and press W over it and then get the E off, you're going to get major damage with this room as but I said, right, it requires you to go in to do your damage while electrocute doesn't. So, you know, hey take note of that. So, that's the big difference between the two. In burst them from a range, you need to go in to get your burst. So, base can feel very useless if you can't engage on the enemy. So, like for example, Ari, you know, she's going to around and she has her charm up. It's going to be very difficult for you to order. But if you're playing in an ELO, because the thing too, right, ELO does matter. If you're playing against people that can right not like react properly to what is supposed to be going on, then if you can jump on her and get all the things out, go to Halo Blaze versus Ari, it's [music] fine. Yeah. And also the last one here is Comet. Um, as I said, Comet is very good versus those mages where you want that poke first poke them out, you know, and also you survive their poke as well. So yeah, it's very very good versus them. can also run this variant if you don't feel like you need this versus them can run this very good here like mid to late [music] game and just to throw in one more ruin page here that we used to take is like this one um how we do it is like this right now let me see here this is just like a PS which one of these would I take now I need mana so my best option would be this or I could run this yeah If you feel like you don't need mana though, this is also something cuz you get the gold here, goal here, maybe even run cash back instead, you know, like, you know, this page. I don't go first strike anymore because it's been nerfed. But if you ever feel like you're going to go this setup, uh, reboots generally is better. But, I mean, if you want to do a build where you just have a bunch of gold, man, this this would be cool. But again, the problems with this page is no mana, right? And you kill one person, you have no mana for the next two, you know? So, but yeah, thank you guys for watching though. Uh, I will make [music] more educational stuff next year. I was going to make a big guide, but I decided not to because I think it would it was it would drop in September, October, and I feel like it would be a bad timing for that. So, if anything, next year I might drop it or if anything, I might do [music] guides like this is more man manageable for me because, you know, I have work. So trying to sit down and make a big guide writing it up. It's just like mentally it's a lot to take in. So I hope you guys enjoy, you know, tell me if you know what if you like this video, give me feedback cuz then these are more manageable for me. I talk off the head. I did not write a script for the ultimate guy. I was writing a script for but this one I didn't write no script. So I am just talking from pure experience with Nefiri and yeah. So, if you have any other questions in chat or in comments, let me know. I will reply when I can. So, if there's anything you feel like I miss here or anything I didn't really cover, bring that up to me, okay? All right. Love you all. Take care and have a fun time or a good time hunting straight from Jamaica. You done know. Peace.
