Title: How To Fix League of Legends Stuck On Tutorial Patching Screen (2025)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vRd9K1I83E

Content:
So, if you're playing League of Legends here or at least you're trying to learn League of Legends and you're stuck on the tutorial page here or stuck in the tutorial patching screen, well, there are a few things that you may want to know here and how League of Legends actually work and why you're you may be encountering this problem. Now, first things first, we need to understand that League of Legends uh by default or by nature here uses and downloads a lot of data. Now, usually League of Legends like uh is usually around like 15 if not saying like 30 to 60 gigabytes. So, that's the amount of space that you need just to play League of Legends. Now, usually if that uh if you haven't downloaded the full uh package here or if you haven't fully uh downloaded League of Legends, well, it will first start patching itself. Now, in some cases, you may have the option to exit this page. Now, sometimes start now here would be grayed out. In some cases, if a like for example a tutorial here is available, you should see the start now button. Now, in most cases here, if you don't want to do the tutorial and just skip over into the actual act uh the action itself, well, you can just click on the X button. But in some cases, that would also be disabled as well. And also in some cases, the play button would also be disabled. So, how do you fix that? Well, that usually happens because there were some new updates applied on or inside the game. So, honestly, I've frequently experienced this with League of Legends, which is kind of weird, but the way I fix this is you just need to fully close Riot and as well as League of Legends. So, how do you do that? So, clicking the X button at the top right here is not enough in some cases. So, what you need to do is you want to go and press the following. It's going to be control shift escape on your keyboard or you can go to the search bar here at the very bottom and just type in task manager. Now once you are in task manager you want to go and just scroll down over here look for anything League of Legends related. Now once you do like pro see processes for League of Legends what you need to do is you want to go ahead and just right click on them. So yeah as you can see League of Legends and there's a lot of them. So you want to go and right click on the ones that has the highest memory here. Right click on it. Click on end task. Just wait for a while here. Now you want to get go ahead and just head over to task manager again. And next is you want to go and just look for anything related to Riot. So usually it's going to be at the very top here. So Riot client, right click on it. Click on the end task. Now just to make sure that the process is or League of Legends is fully closed down. Go to the bottom right here. You should see the show hidden icons section. And if you do see Riot Games or Riot Client is still in here, just right click on it, click on exit to fully exit it uh from or to fully close it from your PC. Now, once you have this fully closed, you can go and just uh close this window, open up Riot Client again, and run or boot up League of Legends again and see if that actually helps. Now, if that doesn't help, you may want to restart your PC or your laptop and see if that solves the issue. But that's about it. So hopefully this video was able to help you like and subscribe but to our channel.
