Title: Darius Wild Rift China - Build Runes Guide Patch 7.1e - Gameplay Darius Season 21
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LjiYDpWeZSM

Content:
Welcome to League of Legends When are they releasing Illaoi? Feels like Illaoi is a long shot for this year. Feels like a long shot this year. So next month should be Skarner, right? Skarner in June. Sylas in July. Hwei in August. Cho'Gath in September, probably. Then that only leaves October. November and December are still unconfirmed right now. Still not sure what champions will be released. Actually, when Cho'Gath comes out, we can play him. Skarner now, after the rework... If you look at the PC version, the reworked Skarner is, you know, also playable in the Baron Lane, we can give it a try. Saw him on the PC version today, looks really fun. But the PC map is big. The PC map is big. He just burrows straight through the wall. But I feel like Jungle Skarner is pretty strong. He just takes the terrain, right through the wall. Just opens a path and burrows right through. After the rework, many guys, probably haven't seen the reworked Skarner on PC. Very fierce. His 1v1 is actually pretty strong. The Ult... Does his Ult still drag the enemy back? Oh wait, it seems it's not the Ult anymore. It's not his Ult, what ability was it again? A basic ability to drag them back. I really forgot. Our turret is under attack. So annoyingly fast. Fiddlesticks, maybe? Whoa, he actually dared to come over, gotta say. He dared to come over and tanked it just to dodge my Q. Just tanked it to take my Q. Miss Fortune is missing. Malphite is hard to play against. It's alright. Darius isn't afraid of Malphite. Darius isn't afraid of Malphite. He has spawned in the Mid Lane. Is Rammus vs Darius a good matchup? Uh, it's not that Darius vs Rammus is hard, but it's not just Darius; any champion has a hard time against Rammus. Don't pick Rammus early. Rammus's power level right now is solid. Rammus's power level is really solid. It's not just Darius that can't beat him, most champions can't beat him. Right now in the Baron Lane, in the Baron Lane, most champions can't beat Rammus. Peace is built. K'Sante can't beat him either, K'Sante can't beat him either. Rammus. K'Sante can't beat Rammus either. Rammus is too squishy. Full damage Rammus is relatively squishy. Full damage Rammus is quite squishy. But there could also be bruiser Rammus. The key is Rammus isn't strong in teamfights. Strong in lane, Rammus is strong in lane. Do I have a build video? Yes, but they are all from a long time ago. Because Darius hasn't had anything new for a few seasons, nothing new, just updates. No new items updated. I've had the same build for a few seasons, so I haven't released any. I think I haven't released a video for half a year, right? Haven't released a video, right? What's wrong bro, gone completely mad? What's wrong bro, unhappy I ate your Honeyfruit? Haha, oh wow, nothing I can do. Nothing I can do. Why is Miss Fortune here too? Miss Fortune coming makes it impossible. If Miss Fortune wasn't here, I'd just walk away. Darn it, got punished. Miss Fortune is here. This guy Kun can't do it. Kun tanking... Can't he tank Miss Fortune? Kun can't keep an eye on Miss Fortune, man. Put Ignite on me. Even without Ignite, I could manage, but with Ignite on, my Q didn't heal me back up. Is Illaoi a counter to Darius? Illaoi doesn't really counter Darius. Because Illaoi can't burst Darius down. At most, if she Ults, we just walk away. It's not a counter, it's just that in a 1v1... in a 1v1 fight, it's not that easy. Ah, don't even talk about 1v1. Hmm, couldn't tank it. Couldn't tank it, missed the Q. Probably should have waited for E. Should have waited for E. Moved. If I used E, this wave I just wait for a Q and it's done. Please listen to my prayer, revitalize! Cleared his jungle completely, don't want that. He is under attack. I'm going Mid to get revenge. Ah, saw me. Oh no, couldn't beat him, darn it, couldn't beat him. Traded kills, my spin didn't even go off. Darn it, couldn't beat him. Our Dragon Lane turret is under attack. Did I get hit by his Q? No, I didn't get hit by it. Ah, Mr. Liu can't catch up. Yeah, he saw me. I should have taken a longer detour. Just flanking straight behind him would be fine. He saw me, I should have detoured more. He's right here, here. Saw me when I was coming over. Just running straight ahead. If he ran a few more steps, we would have... ah. Our Dragon Lane turret is under attack. Coordinate to burst him! Yeah, Vel'Koz, how come you didn't burst him? Ah hahahaha! Our team has slain the Rift Herald. Where did Garen go? Enemy turret destroyed. Our team has slain a Dragon. What should I do if I can't win? We just need to heal up. Just wait to heal up. That Garen too... If Garen isn't in a rush, if he holds his Ult a bit longer, he might just execute me. If Garen held his Ult a bit longer, he might have just executed me. He didn't execute him, did he? Executed a bit too early. The Dragon Lane got destroyed this game. Dragon Lane blew up. Come get some justice. Is there a ward here? Why is it every time... I'm in the bush, every time I come over, he starts walking back early. Did I take Scorch? No, I didn't. Didn't take it. Can I get a taste? He has his Ult but he won't use it on me. I'm leaving, Graves is coming. Leaving, leaving. Graves is coming, Graves is coming for revenge. Does he have his Ult this wave? Go home, don't crash. Does he not have his Ult? Does he not have his Ult? His Ult should be ready, right? His Ult should be ready. I feel like... He used his Ult last wave, it should be ready by now, right? It's been so long. Enemy slain. Ally slain. They also have a Yuumi. It's ready, Ult was ready ages ago. Just now he probably felt he couldn't execute me, oh man. His Ult is ready and he spared me? Well, last time when I killed him, he used his Ult. It's been so long since then. It couldn't not be ready. When he executed Graves... Enemy turret destroyed. Oh right, he used his Ult when he killed Graves, right? Oh yeah, I think so. Oh yeah, that's right. I remember now. I think that's what happened. Hahahaha, still trying to run? My bad. Now I have it. I said even if I have it, they'll just burst me down in a second. Randuin's got buffed, right? Yeah, Randuin's is pretty strong now. Building Randuin's on Darius feels pretty good. It can tank, but it only tanks physical champions. Besides, Randuin's has that... It's just that it makes you tankier. It can only tank physical damage. But then again, the damage from physical champions, wasn't it also un-tankable a few patches ago? No, currently the main issue is you can't tank mage damage. Hasn't it always been that you can't tank mage damage these past few patches? It's not that he can't tank this kind of full AD comp. This kind of full AD comp, he could tank full AD comps before too. He could tank full AD comps before... before he could tank them too! Right? A few patches ago he could also tank full AD comps well. What he can't tank is mage damage. Baron Nashor has spawned. Full AD comps, full AD comps. Have you ever seen a champion that can't tank the damage? Did mage staffs get buffed? I don't know, don't know. I'm on my way. They probably finished taking it. They couldn't have finished taking it, right? The enemy has slain... Attack! Before there were three corners, now there are four corners. Rell is normal, Rell is also useless. Unless the mages on this side don't get fed. If the mages get fed, everyone... Whoa, so many people! That's a freaking truckload of people. Holy cow, a truckload of people, hahahaha. I don't know. You're a bit late. Used E late, I would have pulled him over just now. Can't even go back now. Garen has no Ult. No need to back, do we have vision here? Our Dragon Lane turret is under attack. Let's just recall. Let's just recall, this Garen is backdooring here. Let's recall and clear out this Garen. Why is he still backdooring here? Very strong, why does no one play him? Because they don't know how to play him! Not many know how to play him. You have to know how to play him, you have to. Our team has slain Baron Nashor. And you let this Garen execute you? We have Hand of Baron. Group and push. Really let Garen execute you. Yone is a champion average people can't play, yeah. Yone is a champion average people can't play. I've said early on average people can't play him. They just can't play him well. Yone is a champion where if you play well, he's very strong. If you play poorly, you can't even figure out how to use his abilities. But most guys... let alone others, just take me for example. I don't know how to play Yone either. If you don't know how to play him, he's useless. And you easily drag your teammates down. Wait, what is this Graves... Do we have vision here or not? He actually managed to turn back. Legendary. Yeah, Yone on the PC version also requires someone really skilled to play him. Second stage Bloodthirst, second stage Ult. How much health does the second stage Ult heal? A second stage... a single Ult healing that much is exaggerating, right? Is it really that strong? Our Baron Lane turret is under attack. You are Legendary! Double kill! The strongest reason is the magic penetration item. That Xerath, right? Xerath? Xerath also got changed, right? Xerath got changed too, right? The old Xerath, his Ult... His Ult was that... was that... the furthest. But the current Xerath is not the furthest. Now Xerath's W became his Ult. Lying, um, I think lying is simpler than playing Yone. You... you lying... As long as you can... as long as you... As long as you can scale, it's fine. Just like Vladimir. Maybe as long as you can scale, it's fine. As long as you can survive early, you're considered good at playing him. Yone. Welcome to Wild Rift. Those who can play Yone are all veterans, yeah. If you practice Yone, you'll be really strong. Yone is just carrying hard. He will definitely get nerfed in a few days. Not necessarily. Why? Because no matter how strong Yone is, few people play him. Since few people play him, he feels a bit stronger. Not many people play him. At least, it's not until everyone can carry with him that he will get nerfed. Just play in peace. I feel there aren't many people banning Yone either. Feels like not many people are banning Yone. Just play in peace and climb some ranks. I think a nerf will be something for later. He definitely won't get nerfed this month, at least. Look at K'Sante, right? Look at K'Sante. He didn't get nerfed. But a champion like K'Sante, honestly, there's no need. Many people feel K'Sante is strong. But actually, if you play Top lane a lot, once you have high proficiency, playing against K'Sante isn't scary at all. Ah, because K'Sante's strength... If you say he has no strength at all, that's nonsense. But if you say he's extremely strong, he's not considered super top tier. Just falls into that balanced, average category. Compared to Mel or Norra, that's... That completely lacks strength. Compared to Norra... Compared to Norra and Mel, it really feels like he has no strength. This... He can't tank K'Sante either. You say he can tank, but he can't. His damage is also inconsistent, he's easily... Yeah. Not many people play K'Sante either, honestly. But K'Sante... doesn't belong to the "very few players" category. Level 4 and you still dare to poke me? What the heck are you talking about? I'm level 4, you're level 3. You can't really just overhype it. If K'Sante's skills are super accurate, then he is indeed awesome. But the problem is his skills are too easy to dodge. It's too easy to dodge. His skills... his skills, as long as you... just like I said, if your proficiency is high, once you grasp this, playing against K'Sante... After playing many matches against him, he has a hard time hitting you. That skill of his is too hard to land. The delay is too high. Whether it's that W, or the third Q... Or that... that... what's it called again? That... that... that's just his Ult, that's all. W evolution W all... Why is Sett's damage so high? Sett's damage has been very high for a long time. Sett's damage has always been very high. Because he was buffed a few times. Buffed a few times, his damage has always... Now you can't fight Sett in the early game. Before level 3 you can't fight Sett. You can't win. Before level 3 you can't beat Sett. Once you get higher level, it becomes easier to fight him. Even though Plated Steelcaps got nerfed for Sett, fighting Sett is still the same old routine. It's easier to fight him at higher levels. Sett's W damage isn't extremely high in the early game. Where is Sett mainly strong? He's strong because early on he has the double punch. He hits you once, you auto-attack... He hits you, he auto-attacks twice, you can only auto-attack him once. Ah, why did my auto-attack clip? Oh man, why did the auto-attack clip? Didn't get the Ult reset, darn it! What a mess. Auto-attack clipped this wave. Enemy slain. What a pity. If the auto-attack didn't clip, the Ult would reset. We would have gotten a double kill this wave. The Ult didn't reset. A nerf for Yone? I was a bit hasty just now, Flashing over was a bit hasty, right? Cancelled the auto-attack. Um, if you want to talk about him... His... you also have to look at the situation, right? You wouldn't call Sett Tier 0. But if Sett lands a good punch, he's also really strong. You can't say he's not strong at all. Attacking you, Sett... If he lands this punch well, your backline... Your backline won't be able to handle it. One punch can delete someone. Sett can hit 3,000 true damage with one punch right now if he lands it right. But the problem is he can't get his W off. That's very awkward. Most of the time he can't get his W off. Sett's W is hard to get off. Because he's too squishy. Too squishy right now, full damage Sett... Sett is too squishy. Bruiser Sett scales too slowly. So I feel Support Sett right now... I think Support Sett is better than Baron Lane Sett. Mercury's Treads, Tenacity. He could probably specifically build Tenacity boots. Mercury's Treads, right. Specifically build Tenacity boots. But having Tenacity is useless now. Now even with Tenacity... Our turret is under attack. The main thing is, no matter how high your Tenacity is, his damage is high. His damage is high, you still have to tank it. You're at... You have slain an enemy. Our Mid Lane turret is under attack. Need to kill 10 more people. I don't have my Ult either. No, no, I don't have my Ult, forget it. Just one person doesn't dare to engage, not enough if we go in. I don't have my Ult. Forget it, forget it. Can't kill without Ult, easy to mess up. Let's go, let's wait for the next move. No rush, play it slow. Turret plating is about to fall off. Pinged the Ult wrong, pinged it wrong. Didn't ping the Ult wrong, right? Ult... oh right, yes, pinged it wrong. Because it clipped with someone, clipped with Jinx's nameplate. Enemy killing spree. They are probably going to take Herald. Elemental Dragon has spawned. This Karma has a shield, didn't finish her off. The enemy has slain the Rift Herald. Yasuo is coming my way, and I don't have Ult. Our team has slain a Dragon. Xin Zhao might not be able to clear it. This Xin Zhao probably took my Red buff. Xin Zhao dropping the Herald in our jungle... This Red buff is probably gone. It's still there! He only cleared... only cleared Raptors. That's fine then. Come get some justice. This old Xin Zhao actually didn't take the Red buff. This Xin Zhao is alright, pretty decent of him. But it's uncomfortable. Ally slain. What do you mean, playing me? Playing me, right? Originally didn't want to use Flash. I absolutely have to use Flash here. Not using Flash is a disgrace. Let's clear this minion wave. Otherwise this Tier 1 turret is gone... oh wait. The Tier 1 turret is already gone. Our turret is under attack. Still running? Can't catch him, can't catch him at all, he's still running. Running fast, practically flying. Our Baron Lane turret is under attack. Oh my goodness, this Xin Zhao is so tanky. He even has a Gargoyle. This Gargoyle... and his pokes hurt so much. This Xin Zhao is really fierce, this Xin Zhao. Our Dragon Lane turret is under attack. Just normal crowd control. Unlike models, useless. Bro, it's not about backdooring right now. It's that you can't tank it right now, bro. Even if you can run, you can't tank it! Even if you run, you can't tank it now. Gragas is also very fierce. Wanting to buff Gragas? He probably won't be buffed. Gragas probably won't be buffed, right? Gragas is pretty strong right now. His Jungle Gragas is very strong right now. South Pole Three Musketeers 66. Come get some justice. Jinx invites. Good thing the enemy comp is basically an all-AD comp. We just max out our Armor build this game. And thankfully they don't have a big mage. They have a Veigar. They have a... Hmm, really got here in time. Really got here in time. Oh my, wait, where did he get that shield? Wait, what's going on? Didn't he already have a shield? Why is there another shield? Sterak's Gage, holy cow! I thought it was his Gargoyle. Hahaha. I thought it was his Gargoyle, turns out... can I pull him? I thought he already used his Gargoyle. And he has a Sterak's Gage too. Hahaha. Is Gragas playable in high elo? Absolutely. Gragas has high burst damage. Gragas can one-shot people with a full combo now. A good E-Flash combo can one-shot. Our team has slain a Dragon. Baron Nashor has spawned. Xin Zhao is healing up. Hmm, this old Xin Zhao doesn't care about anything. Sees someone and goes in, sees someone and goes in. Protector. Good. Can no one play Yone? Few people know how to play him. Still very few people who know how to play Yone. This pinch. This Liqun pinch. Gargoyle again, holy cow. Gargoyle again, oh my goodness. Why does he have Gargoyle every time? Bro, is this Gargoyle saved specifically for me? Gargoyle saved specifically for me? My Ult... My Ult hasn't executed Xin Zhao once yet. Saves it for me. Saved just for us to deal with. Ah, nothing I can do then. Scaring people shouldn't be like this, this isn't human. Why aren't my teammates coming? We are taking it a bit slowly. Will they steal it? Our team has slain Baron Nashor. Our gold is very high. I'll skip the small camps. Just clear the big ones and retreat to base to buy items. That look is quite right, yeah, hits the mark every time. 5 stacks. Stacks. Get a Thornmail. Leaving base, let's get some Armor Pen. Hmph, yeah, who says otherwise. It's come to this, pushed all the way to their doorstep. His skills and even his Gargoyle are saved for it. Saved exclusively for us. Ally slain. It's practically a custom-made experience. Rampage! Enemy slain. Yone is on a rampage. Whoa, almost died. Almost didn't make it out. Hehe, alright, hahaha, alright alright. Fine, just save it, save it for me. Just save it, save it to help me. Ally slain. Forget it, going back. Missed the Q. Dragon is gone, feels like the Dragon is gone. Elemental Dragon has spawned. Nice Flash. Will we lose Baron? Still have time for Baron, right? 40 seconds. Nice Flash! Whoa, this Karma Flashed, Flashed so I didn't hit her. Over 20k, a devastating counter. Enemy slain. Vladimir is getting strong too. Is Garen building? Building finished. I'm on my way. Thanks to Quan for the 3 little hearts. Is Darius a super minion? In teamfights he really isn't strong. Really isn't strong. This weakness is too big. Can't touch anyone in teamfights. Easily kited, can't touch them. Without stacks, can't touch anyone, really useless. In this patch, Darius in the late game is quite useless. Got dreams? Come on bro, if you have dreams, come on. I thought you had dreams, this Yasuo. Thought this Yasuo had dreams. Nothing at all. Open the door, open the door. Haha. Gargoyle, you can't escape this time! Hahahaha! You can't escape this time! This guy, look at my little temper, let's see your Gargoyle now. His thing is, this is his playstyle. It's that Xin Zhao doesn't really know how to play this well. He dives into the crowd and doesn't pop Gargoyle. He pops Gargoyle when he's running away. So why does he have Gargoyle every time? Because he only pops it when he runs. If he's not running, he doesn't pop Gargoyle. Normally, when we play, we charge into the crowd. The more people, the better. Isn't the shield thicker? Just pop Gargoyle immediately. He pops it to run away. If he's not running, he doesn't pop it. He specifically saves Gargoyle for running away. Welcome to Wild Rift. Only played three games this morning, the rest... Minions have spawned. Thanks for the 150 likes. Pantheon, Pantheon in the Baron Lane, people still play Pantheon Baron Lane? Pantheon Baron Lane. A rare sight, bro, truly a rare sight. Haven't seen a Pantheon in years. Pantheon Baron Lane. Don't poke me. You can't poke me, right? But his arm is a bit longer. But Pantheon is weaker now against Plated Steelcaps. Pantheon is weaker against Plated Steelcaps. Maybe he's a bit stronger in the Baron Lane. Pantheon is weaker, might be stronger in the Baron Lane. Still has W. Not bad. Pantheon's damage isn't as high as before. Before, one poke from Pantheon took half your health, very hard to play against. He ate, ate the Honeyfruit. Missed, missed the pull. Since I missed the pull, I'll just play it safe. Just taking a combo. Let's take the cannon minion first, let's count down. No good, he's a bit fierce, poking a bit too fiercely. A bit fierce! The damage from this combo, we are trading differently. But we're hitting level 5. Their combo damage is not low at all! Pantheon's combo damage is actually quite high. Oh my, we have coordination! Oh oh, what if he gets cocky? Has Flash, can he be saved? He can be saved. Anything works. Northeast port is fine. Shyvana is wrapping around to invade the jungle. Let's go this way and see if we run into her. Didn't run into her, she used Sweeper. Didn't use Sweeper. If we run into her, we can kill this dragon. If I Ulted just now, I might have killed Pantheon. A direct Ult probably could have killed Pantheon. Trade. Getting a trade is good enough. Should have Ulted him just now. He's very squishy, this Pantheon is super squishy. Just Ulting him directly would have been fine. Then I wouldn't have been traded out by him. He only has Bone Plating and 3 yellows, this Pantheon. Reached the doorstep. Our Baron Lane turret is under attack. Looks like he flew to the Baron Lane. He flew to the Baron Lane. He flew to the Baron Lane, let's take his turret plating. Watch out for danger. Oh my, didn't execute him. Just a sliver of health, didn't execute. If I did, it was a double kill, but I didn't. This Pantheon has his Plated Steelcaps now. Didn't execute this Pantheon. Vel'Koz had no Ult, thank goodness Vel'Koz had no Ult. If he had his Ult, we'd be melted. Let's recall, recall and get Black Cleaver. Wukong is built by peace. Enemy slain. My Fiddlesticks. You can't run. He's going to fly away again. He's probably roaming again. He probably won't lane against me, he can't beat me. Trinity Force, Trinity Force, right, if you... Mainly with attack speed, the main thing is your auto-attacks won't clip as easily. Won't clip. Dragon is spawning soon. Watch your health. Oh, nice! And you used Flash? Haha, this Vel'Koz, who even uses Flash there? Our Mid Lane turret is under attack. Wait a minute. I attacked for so long, where did my Hemorrhage stacks go? After all that, only one stack of Hemorrhage? I attacked for ages and only applied one stack. Is that right? Oh man, what a mess. What a mess, attacked for so long and only one stack. Hmm, hit to the right, alright. If they hit to the right, then hit to the right. Hit whatever you want. Hit whatever you want, isn't it up to you? Hit whatever you feel like. Do whatever you want. I'm guessing Shyvana will come for Herald. Let's clash with Shyvana. Our team has slain a Dragon. Shyvana has her Ult. Our team has slain the Rift Herald. Vel'Koz runs so fast. Enemy turret destroyed. Vel'Koz runs pretty fast, running all over the place. Come get some justice. Hello. No good, can't get blasted by Vel'Koz. One full combo from this Vel'Koz will melt me. Can't get blasted by Vel'Koz. Ate a Honeyfruit, all gone. Hehe, hit him bro, come on. Come on. On the way. If someone comes, I'll leave. If someone comes, I'll leave. If no one comes, I'll fight you; if someone comes, I leave. Let's recall and build Sterak's Gage. Built Sterak's Gage. Ah, Sterak's Gage is built. Let's get Randuin's Omen first. Build Randuin's first. Can't build it first this game. Randuin's, Miss Fortune is getting fed. Come get some justice. This Miss Fortune burst champion. Jungler built Trinity Force! Jungler built Trinity Force. And Attack Speed Boots? Attack Speed Boots, shouldn't be AP then. Here I come, bro. Here I come, who is going to save you this time? Who is going to save you this time? Whoa bro, what kind of damage is that? Is this what a mage is? Just vaporized, whoa, hmph. Didn't even get a chance to cast Ult. Half health, just vaporized right there. Not even ashes left. This old... this Lao Liu didn't even leave any ashes. Just completely vaporized. No good, just drop my Ult, let's go. Just drop the Ult. Minion wave is cleared. This Miss Fortune cleared the wave, let's just leave. Go back and heal up. Pantheon still throwing an Ult, Pantheon... Everyone sees the mage? Mages are like this, after all. Mages are mages, after all. And an elite mage at that. This turret is probably gone. They'll have it destroyed by the time I get there. Then I'll just fight you, oh my goodness. Come get some justice, oh right, then hit him. You have Flash, but it's useless, I have it too. Oh, what bravery. Leona, this old Leona. Leona is going in. Leona goes in, Leona. Aced them and they still won't surrender. Elemental Drake has spawned. Alright, let's recall. I'm going to buy items. Ah. Buy some items, take Baron, and end the game. Is this a client's account? Yes, it's a client's account. Clients who want their rank goals met can DM the streamer! If you don't have an account or time to play. Or want to play with the streamer. If you want the streamer to play on your account on stream, boss. You can always DM the streamer. Or if your account... Wants to reach the top of the server. Or is getting penalized by the system. Getting griefed so much you can't take it... Getting griefed by teammates so much you just can't stand it anymore. You can DM me. So tanky! That Miss Fortune is really tanky. This Miss Fortune is really tanky! Leona is back. The enemy is quite stubborn. After 8 or 9 PM, I lose more than I win. Then just play on Saturdays or Sundays. Don't play on Sundays, play on Saturdays. But honestly. When you're meant to lose, you'll lose no matter when you play. When you're meant to win, you'll win anytime. It's fine, no harm done, bro. No big deal, just play and that's it. Just do what you gotta do, you'll rank up eventually. Oh, Pantheon. Pantheon thought I was doing Baron. He had a dream. Pantheon had a dream, sadly it was shattered. Because we weren't doing Baron. No, we didn't do Baron. Wait to get God-King Darius for free soon. Just wait to get it for free. You can get God-King for free now. This darn matchmaking system. Just take it slow, what else can we do, just play slowly. You just have to grind this out slowly. There's no other way. We can only slowly grind it out. There might be freebies, of course there are events. There will be events then. Just keep playing. For this game, you just need to keep playing. When it's time for freebies, there will be events. Oh my goodness. Can I grab Blue Buff? Yes. Legendary skins can all be obtained for free. Legendary skins, the old Legendary skins can all be obtained for free. Don't open that. You don't need to open that to get it. Now with the events, you can get freebies without doing anything. Don't open those shards. Why open shards? Isn't it better to save Gemstones? You are legendary! Isn't it better to save the shards, bro? Isn't it better to save the Gemstones? Why exchange for shards? Don't exchange for shards. Now skins can be obtained directly for free. You don't need shards and stuff anymore. Don't use Gemstones to exchange for those shards. Just save up your Gemstones to buy Gemstone skins. There are no events right now. They will come out soon. Soon, wait for the Dragon Boat Festival. Welcome to Wild Rift. I thought the Support was going to save me earlier. Clicking Support. Confirm. Support, minions have spawned. Ults are ready. I'll check it later. Relax. To become a client, just DM the streamer. Just DM the streamer. It actually doesn't cost much money in the current patch. This stuff nowadays doesn't cost much. Hey, hey, oh my gosh, I almost didn't make it out! Ah, the whole circle is up. Not worth it, huge loss, loss, loss, loss. Put the whole circle on it. Watched him eat it. We lost out, he has Teleport, he can TP back. Huge loss, lost so much. Lost so much, can only buy a small item. Right, is Support Taliyah strong? He didn't seem to TP back, did he? If he was going to TP, he would have been back already. It seems he didn't. Bought a skin. So rich, even buying a skin. Bro, you are a pro! Oh man, you're a pro! You just buy it, so rich, what a whale! The minion wave probably can't be pushed in. But he has Teleport, he has Teleport. Have to, have to recall. I have to recall. If I don't recall and he TPs back... Our HP is too low. Ally Slain Didn't even create distance. Didn't create distance! Shouldn't have let him poke me with his W. I shouldn't have been poked by his W. Poked, especially by the second cast. The second part of his W shouldn't have hit me, yeah. Ah, can't block it, can only offset it, only offset it. Can't block his stun. Can only offset it. Ate all of Ornn's skills, ate them all. If you take all the hits, it's easy to die. Can't take all of Ornn's skills. Ally slain Ah. Ah, dodge his circle. Ally Slain You are on a killing spree! We're chasing, chasing, won't rest. Caught this Taliyah. Can also farm the Gromp. Oh my goodness, I'm fed, I'm fed, I'm fed! We're fed, family, we're fed! We're fed, we're fed! Then a 4-game win streak, also lost all the Marks challenges. Nothing we can do about it. No way around it, losing is losing. Maybe we'll win next week. Maybe we'll be on a win streak next week. A losing streak this week means a winning streak next week. Bro, I just don't believe you can keep losing forever. Wow, I don't believe you'll lose next week if you lost this week. You'll be on a win streak next week! Turret plating will fall soon. Looks like we didn't get to eat the big pie this game. Ally slain Focus fire on the enemy, retreat for now. We have double buffs. It knocked me up. This W knocked me up. One-shot my carry. He tanked it, tanked it, so awkward. Supposed to be an elite player. Ah, honestly, it's better not to be an elite player, bro. Hahaha, you think everyone is an elite player. But honestly, not everyone is an elite player, right. Running so fast! This even has delayed movement speed. Smolder is in the back, we can't chase. If Smolder wasn't there, we could turn on this Miss Fortune. If Smolder wasn't there. Turning on this Ornn wouldn't be an issue. But Smolder is here, so we have to retreat. Smolder is flying over the wall. Not playing anymore, just watching is fine. That's good bro, if you don't play, you won't suffer. You won't get tilted. Watching the streamer, watching the streamer go on a losing streak. Will make you feel a bit happier, right? Haha, isn't watching always better than playing? Sometimes playing... Sometimes playing just makes you easily tilted. Will feed the turret. Didn't need to feed him just now. The main thing is Ornn can't hold them down. So frustrating. Really nothing we can do. This game is just like this, this game is just... A win streak is followed by a loss streak. A win streak is followed by another win streak. Any clients wanting to achieve their rank goals? Hurry up and DM the streamer! When your account is getting penalized, right? Being griefed by teammates is unbearable for anyone. I say, oh man. Where are you running? Where are you running to? Still has Flash, right? Ally team has slain the Rift Herald. Why build Protobelt? Protobelt can reset auto-attacks. Click confirm, they should be coming to farm Red Buff. I... Our Dragon Lane Turret is under attack. Destroyed the turret, my TP. The character is strong. Take Grasp of the Undying? Sure. Take whatever rune you want. Take whatever you prefer. As long as you feel comfortable using it. With Grasp of the Undying... Trading in lane will be more comfortable. Smolder is at 81 stacks now. Is 81 stacks at 9 minutes on Smolder considered a lot or a little? Buy Force of Nature first. Smolder is at 81 stacks at 9 minutes now. Not a lot, right? Doesn't feel like a lot. But it feels like it's not too little either, what time is it... Supposed to have 150 stacks at 10 minutes, right? Then that is indeed low. But isn't 150 stacks a bit exaggerated, bro? Don't they say around 180 stacks... Smolder is already fully scaled? Turret is under attack. Didn't they say he's fully scaled at 180 stacks? 150 stacks at 10 minutes? How is anyone else supposed to play? 150 stacks is a bit exaggerated. I think 120 stacks is about right. 120 stacks at 10 minutes I think is about right. 150 stacks at 10 minutes is scary. Ah. Oh man, my Flash is gone. The key is, my Flash is gone. I Flashed but didn't catch him. It's frustrating. Max 3rd skill. Yes, the 1st skill has armor penetration. The 1st skill, this Darius's 1st skill has a passive. The passive gives armor penetration. W is used as an auto-attack reset. Darius's W is just used to reset auto-attacks. Not needed, not needed, just activate it early. Hmm, was my Flash a Hextech Flashtraption? My Hextech Flashtraption just expired, just expired. It was a regular Flash. The key is I still didn't reach him. Regular Flash wasn't enough to reach either. The distance still wasn't enough. Are you kidding me, bro, you have Stasis? Gosh, nothing I can do then. You have Stasis, this Brand. This Brand is so rich! This Brand pulled out a Stasis. You're tough, I'll give you that. Ah, you're tough, let's go. Elemental Drake has spawned. Our Dragon Lane Turret is under attack. Ally team has slain the Drake. Our Turret is under attack. Ally team has slain Baron Nashor. Brand is fed, got three kills. Our Mid Lane Turret is under attack. Nothing we can do. Can't catch up, a bit too strong, can't catch up. Ah, oh my goodness, how did he Flash out again? I have a Flash charging here. Flashed straight out, this was changed. Should be another Flash, probably got changed. Before, there was a Flash. Even if you're charging, if his Flash is up, it's fine. Now it just directly... Just Flashes out. Can we not do the double Flash trick anymore? We used to be able to double Flash, not allowed anymore. Now double Flash is not allowed. In the past we could double Flash. Use Hexflash over, and then immediately cast regular Flash. Two Flashes. It got changed, they don't let you... What are you doing here? Oh man, going right at it, can't tank this. Can't tank it, got me right away, got me right away. Follow me. The world embraces the fearless. Shut down. Enemy slain. Enemy double kill. Ignited, he ignited them. I'm retreating first. Probably no Ignite. They have Grievous Wounds, with Grievous Wounds they can't heal much HP. I can't tank their mage anymore! Brand plus this... this who... Why is it you again? This Brand Flashed. Good thing I had Magic Resist. Good thing we all had Magic Resist. But this Smolder probably hurts a lot. This little... Baron Nashor has spawned. Burning to death, can't tank it! Really can't tank it, group up and attack the Drake. Can't tank it, I really can't tank it. Can't tank it. Ally team has secured the Dragon Soul. Alright. Ally team has slain the Drake, alright bro, I'm retreating. Any clients wanting to rank up but don't have time to play? Want to play with the streamer? Want the streamer to play on your account on stream, boss? Is your account getting griefed by teammates? If you're on a continuous losing streak, you can DM the streamer. Leaving, leaving. Let's meet tonight at 6 PM, be there or be square. I'm slipping away, going to eat something, I'm hungry.
