Title: ULTIMATE SEASON 16 GNAR GUIDE!!! Items, Runes, Abilities, Combos, Macro, & Wave Management Guide!
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoIXZ07_BTw

Content:
Hello everyone and welcome to the season 16 NAR guide. Basically, I waited like a week and a half to do this because I wanted to play with every single item and I did and I did it in a tier list right before this guide. So, if you like to see all the new items I built, you can go look at that. But yeah, I barely played any ranked. I played my placements. So, that's why it says I'm platinum. I know I'm washed up. Basically, a little bit about me. I've been diamond consistently for the last couple years. I peak master at the end of season 13. So that was about 2ish years ago. I hope to peak again one day, but you know, getting diamond consistently, I feel like I know a lot about uh the champ. But yeah, there's a lot of new things this season, so I would like to go over them. specifically with the map. I would say items and stuff will change a little bit, rune a little bit, but [music] yeah, let's uh let's get straight into the guide. All right, item section. I feel like this is the most important part is building correctly on Nor. If you want to skip to, you know, runes or abilities or anything else uh in the video, I'm sure I'll have timestamps. But yeah, we're going to go over items first as I do in every guide. So yeah, start this season. Um, I prefer Dblade over D-Shield, but D-Shield still isn't, you know, horrible. It did get a tiny nerf last season, but, you know, if you still prefer to go to go Dshield against like things that poke [music] you a ton, I think that's fine. But I feel like it's really difficult not to go Dblade nowadays, especially with the Omni B, especially if you like jack of [music] all trades. That's another thing, too. But we'll get into that with the runes. But yeah, probably should go deb blade pot every single time. First back, if you have like 750 gold or less, you could either buy two long swords or you could do this coal and boots [music] if you prefer, you know, play for farm. It's like free gold. And if you have this much gold, you'll get the coal done in under 15 minutes. Anyways, uh refill pots, really really good pink wards. And then of course, anything towards trinity. So sheen, fade or axe. So yeah, that's my first packs. Usually what I like to buy. And of course, if you need like a bramble for uh healing reduction or whatever, bramble is not bad either or any specific like MR, you know, you know what I'm saying? Like anything for matchup based. Okay, core build. This has not really changed at all. I did add witsen and randuins though because I feel like those are the best options for magic resist and armor. But first, let's talk about trendy. is always going to be the best item unless something major changes. Like it just has all the stats that Nar really needs. Sheen proc is really really broken. Especially this season on turrets. Like turrets feel so squishy. And of course the quicken, you know, thing. Very very good. Nar loves everything from this. So yeah, abuse it until something happens, something new happens. Cleaver still really, really good. Of course, it's been a Nar item ever since I've been playing him. So you know, carve passive of course really really good. getting more move speed with forever passive, all the stats that he needs. So yeah, black cleaver is always going to be a good item on Nar. Sterox gauge. Uh situationally, I say you can build the second a ton of the time if you feel like you're going to get one shot by a lot of things. Very good item on Nar too. Like I said, you can build it third, fourth, fifth in a lot of cases as well. So you should be building this most your games, too. But I like to build it second against a lot of assassins or if I'm going to get one shot with sin. You can also build second, but you primarily want to build this third or fourth, [music] I would say. Maybe fifth sometimes. Only time I would build it second if they're like heavy AP, but going this third or fourth is probably the best. And it's just the best magic resist item right now. I feel like we struggle with magic resist items for a long time on ours. So, this will probably be the item for until something else gets added. And then Randuins is still probably the best armor item. I think you could argue that Thorn Mel's up here, but I really like Randuins this season because there's like a ton of crit changes and it feels like they do no damage to you. I'm going to be honest with you. Whenever you build this, so building this in the later game, third, fourth or fifth, even second if you need it, like yeah, go for it. It's pretty good. You get a slow, you get very tanky with the All right, that is my core. Then we'll go to armor options. Of course, plated steel caps like probably the best boots on Nar Randuins like I just went over. Thornmemell mainly for healing reduction. Uh you can sometimes pair this a lot with Randuins if they're heavy AD. You go these two late game and you'll [music] become unkillable. Guardian Angel I really like. Uh the revive is pretty pretty good. Mainly a late game item of course. You can build it third if you want. You could experiment [music] but mainly a late game item. Just you know you get that revive. It's always been a good item. And then jack shell. Jack shell I would build as like a last item if you need like the extra tanky stats. And then for Mr. of course merk treads if you need tenacity or if they're heavy AP woodson like I already went over force of nature very good if you're like going to slowly get hit with magic damage over time because it stacks and it gives you more magic resist and move speed. Kick is for like the bursty assassins like Akali, things like that. Silus, and then of course Jack Shroen for last if [music] you need it. Okay, situational. We're going to go a little bit into this. So, a lot of people ask me, why do I build Bork all the time? Basically, I build Bor whenever uh there's either really large tank like Amundo or if they drain your HP a ton like Malight. Some more examples include [music] Yoro, Ireelia, but mainly when your HP gets shreds, [music] you want to go this item because it feels like it's your only chance. It's mainly for counter matchups. You try to cheese your way in trades with the life steal. And a lot of the time it doesn't work, but I found more success with this than Trinity sometimes. Trinity of course is better, but it's like kind of more of a cheesy way to get by in lane. So mainly for counter matchups. ZAS I think is very good late game item if like you need to block in a specific ability like maybe Carthus the vagar ulti you know something [music] like that and it's the only way you can dodge it like a point and click ulti death stance I think is a good snowball armor item this isn't my armor item section for Nar because Randuins pretty much [music] is just so much better you only really go this if you're snowballing and you [music] want damage blood melt is a pretty good late game item on NAR. The problem is if you build this like you won't have the resistances, but you know some people prefer having a ton of damage late game. Of course, Morcula if you need the the QSS and then of course chainsord if you need healing reduction and you need executioners to proc it. Holebreaker pretty good [music] split push still if you need to match split push. Spirit vis uh if you have enchanters on your team I would like to go this sometimes fourth or fifth instead of force or uh kynic because you know you get so much more value with your heals and shields. Abyssal mask I rarely rarely go but if like your team's full AP in their full AP this is worth the go. vandal pipes this season. This hasn't got nerfed yet, so abuse it. But um if you know you have a hyper carry team that loves these stats, [music] then just go for it mainly as a fourth or fifth option. Stribbaker, I like to go this sometimes against ranged champions, but it's probably [music] just better to go Trinity, but you know, I sometimes go this against ranged champions just for the slow Maul. Uh, I almost pretty much never go Maul, but for the rare case where they're full AP and this is just better than Sterox, you can go this Serpent Fang mainly against champs like Yumi and stuff or if your team can't build it for the shields. If your team can't build it, you can build it. Pretty much the only reason why you should build it. And then Swifties I like against champs [music] that just slow you ton like Nasis, Trundle, Swain's even like a good option to go against. And Swifties is good to match if they also build it like a Voli Bear. And then here are some four fun items. Um I'm not really going to go through these cuz I've made videos on them a ton. So I'm sure you can find videos of them in the past. But yeah, these are all my fun options. You can take a pause and take a screenshot or you can simply go through my videos. And yeah, that's it for the item set. All right, everyone. Welcome to the rune section of the video. So, basically I have a preference of runes and then there's meta and runes. So, I'm going to show you what everyone is going. Basically, everyone still goes fleet. I personally don't like fleet a lot, but everyone's going this and then I think they're going something like this. Second wind overgrowth. So, this is the meta runes like go this max scaling or something. So, this is the meta runes, but this is what I prefer. I prefer conqueror with demolish and bone plating right now. That's my go-to cuz I feel like turrets are so squishy. So, if you can get your demolish procs off, you're just [music] going to get insane value with plates and then bone plating just to stay tanky. I feel like it's so much better than second wind after I get nerfed. But, you know, second link can maybe still be good in some matchups. But, yeah. So, the reason why I go conquer, I feel like I have more 1v2 potential. Fleet's good for the move speed and healing. Early game, it's kind of useless, but once you get mid lane game, it's definitely pretty good. But I like the 1v2 potential again in lane, especially if jungle camps you. It [music] just helps you a ton. But yeah, again, runes are all preference, so almost let you hear me yap and then you can take whatever you think is best. So, yeah. Uh, I sometimes go overgrowth. I feel like if I can't push, I might as well just go this if I can't push and hit the turret like in a full counter matchup. Like that's something I would do. Maybe like against Nelia. [music] And then unflinching and don't bling are really good together. If you go against like point and click CC [music] like Pantheon or Renekton, but other than that, you probably I I would probably just go this. If you feel like you're going to fight a ton early, you can go health or, you know, [music] you can go scaling. And then I never really go absorb life anymore. I just go triumph because it combines pretty well with conqueror of course a lacrity. [music] You could lowkey go uh cut down in some matchups, but I just prefer last stance. So that's my rune pages for precision. Um I don't really see many people going anymore, but you know, grasps can still [music] be a thing. Um you can either go precision inspiration. And if I'm going this, I'll probably go like biscuits [music] and cosmic or approach velocity. Again, this isn't really a thing anymore. I have not been seeing people go it. [music] You can also go cashback since that got buffed, but you know, if you prefer grasp, go for it. It's just grass [music] got heavily nerfed. I see like most people not going it. Also, jack of all trades, not too horrible. If you want to go the jack of all trade stats where you get the uh [music] stats early. That's it for really resolve. For sorcery, the one viable ruin is phase rush. I like going against [music] this kind of similar to swifties like against things that just slow you a ton and you need the move speed [music] like Nasus and Trundle. Even Swain, it's good against any like AP range top laner. It's pretty [music] good like tanky top laners like Swain. I would go like this, this, and I don't know, like that maybe. And then secondary, you just go resolve. Um, hell of blades. I don't see many people doing it, but just, you know, I don't think it'll become meta again, but like feel you prefer. You can go any of these honestly. Like there's a lot of options you can go with this. Something like that. I wouldn't go electrocute or dark harus just because electric is honestly not too horrible but I feel like you get more value with other runes and then yeah I wouldn't go anything here either and inspiration. I see some people take PTA but I think conquer is just better. [music] But yeah that's that's my take on the runes right now. Fleet is probably number one for meta. Two, I would say a tie between [music] Grasp and Conqueror. Uh, three, probably Faze Rush. Four, Hella Blades. And then five, you could say PTA. Yeah, that's my take on the runes this season. All right. Basically, I want to go and get this out of the way. Nar is not the easiest champion. Okay, if you're trying if you're trying to learn the abilities and stuff, it's not the easiest champion to learn early, but over time, I feel like it's worth it. So, I'm going to show you abilities and combos. I do this every guide, so it pretty much doesn't change, let's be honest, but I'll still do it. But yeah, what I want you to do right now, if you're new to this champion and you want to get better, go into practice tool and do exactly what I'm doing right now. Get the golds. Do this. Level up your things. Buy a couple items. Teleport anywhere that has a wall. I like this right here. Spawn a couple enemy dummies. And just do this. And practice all your abilities, which I'm about to go over. It's very important you do this if you're warming up. Nar has many mega nar. So, we'll go over uh the passive first, [music] of course. Basically, Nar has a rage bar. Anytime you hit something or you get hit by something, you will gain rage. Of course, I'm going to gain a ton right now because I level myself up. But the earlier game, you get less. The later game you go, you get more rage. And then, yeah, miniar, you get more move speed, attack speed, attack range. So, earlier in the game, you'll have less range than I would right here, as you could see. [music] But every time you level up, you basically gain range. And then Megaar, you get uh pretty much more tanky, more HP, armor, magic, resist, and damage. So, you see there's different styles. We mainly build for Megaar, not going to lie. But, you know, there's still some miniar things that we like in this build as well. But, yeah, that's the passive. Um, I would say it's the most difficult thing cuz you have to control it for team fights. That's the hardest thing to get used to, honestly. But over time, you'll learn. you'll learn to when to control and how to control it more like what what should I hit here? Should I take the CS? Should I hit this turret before this team fight? You know what I'm saying? So, you learn over time. It's just the thing you have to get used to. It's not something I can just tell you and you do it straight away. You'll have to get used to it. Okay, going on to abilities. Many not Q. Bically, a boomerang. It's not like Axons because it can't go through the entire cast of things, but um it can still hit several and come back. If it goes backwards and you hit everything, it will do less damage as you see right there. But the first thing you hit, it obviously will do the full damage. But anything else coming back, it will do less damage. So, if I do this and hit it backwards, it'll do the full damage to this one, but not to these [music] two. So, that's something important to remember to angle your boomerang in certain ways. Also, it slows them. Yeah, Nar has a ton of slows and CCs. So, that is very important. Like once you hit a Q, you slow them and you can get move speed. So, it's very very good. And then once you catch it, of course, you see your cool down gets split in half. Basically, it's pretty pretty good. Next is hyper and minar. It basically it's basically like vain uh W, but instead of true damage, it's magic damage and it gives you movement speeds. [music] So, think of it that way. Think of getting like a ghost proc like a mini ghost proc every time you proc it. It's pretty good. So, it combines pretty well with your Q. You just auto three times. You can proc it with your Q and E as well. Hop for miniar. Basically, hop is one of your most important abilities cuz early game this is a pretty long cool down. I have ability h but it's like 20 something seconds early. So, you have to use it very carefully. But whenever you do use it, uh if you look at my attack speed, boom, that goes up a ton. So, you mainly want to use it when you pretty much can guarantee a kill or you can get an amazing trade. Other than that, you want to use it very cautiously. Um, of course, does damage if you land it and it slows as well. Again, another slow which is pretty good. [music] You can also use this for transforming for Meganar to get animation cancels, but we'll talk about that after the abilities. And then, a lot of people don't know this, but Mininaar actually has a passive for ultimate and minar. People don't realize this. Basically, your hyper move speed increases by uh a ton every time you level this up, which people don't really realize. And I think that's why Nar really spikes at like what, level 11 or something like that. Really spikes with this. But yeah, that is miniar abilities. We'll go to Megaar now. So Megaar, you only have it for 15 seconds, so you got to use it wisely. So Megaar Q reminds me a lot of Olaf Q. You throw it, it slows, does damage, and then you can pick it up and it's basically back up. Minion RW, pretty simple. If you hit it, it stuns for a little bit. And then Mega Nar E, instead of hop, it just does damage and slows, but it does it all around. So, you see how it did right there, right there, right there. With hop, you can only do it on one target. With crunch, you can do it on everyone around. So, that's pretty good. And it slows. It also scales with uh your HP, believe it or not. Megaar leaps dealing uh plus 6% physical health. So that's a a stat that most people don't know is that it scales with your HP actually. So with if you're going like full tank nor can actually do surprising damage. And then lastly, Nars R. Nar. Boom boom. You just throw them into the wall [music] and it stuns. You could also you don't have to throw them in the wall. You can just throw them out and it does damage. [music] It's pretty nice. And yeah, that that's NAR abilities. The two abilities that scale with AP are W and Mega Nar R, but I would recommend just building AD for these abilities as it is the most effective. And yeah, that's all the abilities gone over. Now, I think we will go towards animation cancel. All right, now we're going to look into combos. So, minar only really all you got to do on combo. Let's be honest, minar isn't, you know, too hard to understand. Basically combo is pretty easy. Basically Q auto E and a very fast repetition. You get a hyper proc. That's [music] pretty much the only minion combo. I'll be honest with you. Not really much different than that if you want to get a fast proc off. Pretty good for going in. But yeah, Megaar, there's several things you can do. Of course, with the animation cancel. I'll show that first cuz I feel like that's going to be the [music] strongest. You go in with animation cancel. You go in auto W auto Q auto and you'll see very easy thing or easy [music] thing to notice. You just basically in Meganar want to auto in between every single ability just to get the maximum damage. >> I think [music] it's just a common thing you should do and get used to. Of course, if you're running low on Megan and you need to use all your abilities, of course, use them. Don't auto if you only have limited time left. But yeah, here's another Mega Nard combo that you could also do [music] if you're not going to go in and animation cancel. If you're far away, you could Q, hit it, go in, auto, W, auto, Q, boom, ult, boom. As long as you're autoing between every ability, that's all I care about. And you could do combos many different ways. You know, every game's going to be different. You're going to be using Q first, W first. A lot of times you're going to ulti first. a lot of time. So yeah, you'll get used to it. All right, everyone. Animation cancelling/buffering, whatever you want to call it. I prefer to call it animation cancelling. I think it sounds so much more cool. Even if that isn't the official name, I just enjoy it. So basically, once you get enough rage, like around here, if you auto a couple times, you can actually use your E when transforming and use your W, Q, or R in the middle while transforming. So I'll show you that right now. Just an example. Boom. Boom. Just like that. And ideally, you want it to hit the wall. That's just kind of unlucky there. But yeah, that's basically how you animation cancel. You can do it with your R, W, and Q. There's a special animation cancel. I forgot what it's called, but you can manipulate or [music] have your W go in different places. That one's way more advanced, and I have trouble doing that still. So, just getting the animation cancel itself is good enough. Like I said, go on the practice tool, do exactly what I do and just practice that for like 20 minutes and you should have it down for the most part. I still have trouble hitting it because, you know, it's not the easiest thing to do in a row, but something like that would be a clean animation. I would take that all day. And like I said, you can do this with W. So, I tried to show example with W as well. So, you go like this. Boom. Yep. Something like that. That's a That's one here. I'll get a better example actually because you preferably want to do it cuz like when are you ever going to do that here? You're most likely going to do this on lane if anywhere like mainly on minions and stuff. But I have a ton of shorts. If you go look at my shorts, you will see me animation cancel. Trust me. There go. That's a clean W animation cancel. And like I said, W is the most advanced because you can make this you can manipulate this ability to go anywhere. But that is very advanced and I can't do it consistently. But I'm sure once you do it in practice tool, you will be able to do it. It's basically based on where your cursor is. It's very weird. It's like one of the weirdest thing in League that I've seen. That's why Nar is such a unique difficult champ because of this. Like animation cancelling is or buffering, whatever you want to call it, is like one of the most like unique difficult things. Like there my cursor was this way. Like you can make it go different ways. Um yeah. And then also you can do it with Q. Actually, I find Q the most useless because if you're going in, you mainly want to stun, but if you if you want to maximize damage, then I think Q isn't horrible. Like something like that. But like if I'm going in, I want to stun. So yeah, that's animation cancelling. Like I said, go into practice tool, practice it, and I'm sure you'll get down. All right, guys. I'm going to talk about macro a little bit. Basically, the map did get changed. Okay, there are no more Atticon. Thank god. No more Adakon. That is very good for Nar. Nar did not like that last season because it preferred like the scaling champs. We're not really, you know, we don't really scale that well. Not like these other champs at least. So, that was not the best, but it got removed. And I feel like Nar's slightly better with the new top lane changes. I feel like top lane can really carry this season. So, of course, the minions come faster early game. That is something that I feel like it's pretty good for us because I feel like Nar's weak early for invades. So invades are less common which is a good thing. I feel like because Nar sucks early honestly like his E is 20 seconds, his Q is 16 seconds if you don't catch it. So it's I don't like invade. So that's pretty good for not early. mainly most of my games. It obviously depends on matchup, but I would like to push the wave two times and then I would like to get a ward either here, maybe deeper if you push it fast enough like kugs or you know a buff. Of course, with this new uh whatever it is failites, you could also place wards there and that's pretty easy vision. If you want deep vision here, it's not bad here as well. >> Right here, any wards just in the jungle is good. Like I say this every single time I do this, any wards in the jungle are good. Especially at openings to things. So like a ward like right here would be good. This is just common information. Just just wards. Just w vision is good. Just get vision. Buy pink wards. It's like one thing I can say do that and you and start looking at the map more. That's like one [music] thing I can give the best advice to because jungle tracking still a big thing in this season. I feel like you got to track the jungle in order to win games. It's sadly a part of the game jungle, but you got you got to look. So, that's ideally what you want to do in lane. Look for jungle. If you can push, that's nice. If you can't push, uh, just Q farm for CS. That's why Nar is pretty good blind pick because you can just Q CS from such a far distance. Like, look how far I can throw my Q here. Just farm from a distance if you can't push up and then wait for correct timing with Megaar and stuff. Again, play games and you'll get better. Trust me. Like, you'll just get better. And then that's pretty much early game, of course. This isn't really a NAR thing. It's just general game thing. Just look at map and look where you need to go, but that's how I would ideally play lane on NAR. I mean, I can give some more tips like always hold C cuz your thing changes every level. Go into bushes whenever you're poking because you won't get hit by the minion damage. If you're taking fleet, you can heal on everything. Um, since there's no more Attacon, macro is actually a lot easier because back then you just went to every single objective and just fought. Now you can probably farm more and fights happen. [music] I think like you know they're more worth it. I would say like Adacon was so coin flip it did not like you had to fight it but it just felt so dumb half the time. So, basic macro, you mainly want to be on the opposite side of where the main objective is. However, you need to go to the empty lane where you can get CS. Um, of course, grouping is good a lot of the time. Like I said, it's every game. So, I think I'm just going to link like uh a nar uh replay thing that shows diamond plus replays and you can just watch based on matchups, macro, and everything cuz I don't want to confuse you guys here. So, I think that's something that I will do is in down below I will link things that I think are helpful. It's called Dossium Nar replay or something like that. But yeah, you basically want to go to the lane where you have the best matchup and a lane where you're alone so you can get CS, which sometimes you can't choose. You just have to deal with it. And that's the game honestly. Sometimes like sometimes you don't choose what you think is best cuz your teammates will go to a specific lane or they'll refuse, you know, to listen to your pings or whatever. But yeah, that's basically what you need to do. And yeah, be sure to ping everything you [music] do as well. I think that's another good tip I can give. But yeah, I'm not going to go too far into macro because that's something that you learn as you play the game and it's not really a nar thing, but I still do it because Nar is, you know, Nar really relies on it for flank TPS and stuff and [music] mear timing with rage. So, he does rely a ton on it. But yeah, that's macro. Like I said, I'm going to put a replay thing in uh down below so you can go watch that for replays for specific matchups. All right. And I'm going to go over wave control really quickly. Um wave control is something that you can still do. It just isn't as effective since the minions changed as last season. >> Oops. I guess I selected jungle ro. My bad. >> That doesn't matter. We can still do wave control up here. It [music] does not matter. I'm basically just going to show freezing. have the wave pushing towards us and stuff. I'm gonna show the basic things of wave control. So, most games I'm gonna show what I would do if I would step up. If I'm staying back, I'm purely just queuing minions, but I would like to hit the minions first and then hit it because you want pryo early to get vision on jungle. Like, I think that's like the main thing you want to do early. So, if you can push the wave fast, get pryo and ward so you have reaction time to jungle. Or if you can spot jungle for your team, that is nice. Obviously, they're going to be hitting the wave, so the wave isn't going to go all the way up here. So, I'm simply going to wait until this next wave pops up cuz you mainly want to ward after the second wave because that's when junglers can cheese gank you after three camps. So, you 100% win a ward after uh the second wave. If you don't, you could die a ton of cheese ganks. So, let's say I just full push it to uh right here and then I can go get vision. It depends how much time you have. You could do a lazy ward and go here. You can go here. Right here is not bad. But if you have extra time and you won't miss any minions, then you can go and get deep vision like right here. See if they're on Krugs or you can do the same on red buff. But you mainly just want to get vision for reaction time for jungler >> only. You know, sometimes you mainly just want to go right here, right here, maybe deep. You know, obviously from the other side, you can maybe get it like right here. But with fail lights, a lot of the time you can just place it right there. And that's good enough, honestly. Like, you don't need to do much more. And then after that, I would probably just push it and try to poke or get a plate. So, yeah, I would do like this and then right click the turret. >> So, I'm going to attempt to show you how to get it to push towards you. Sometimes this doesn't work, but basically what you want to do, what I just did, you want to [music] stand directly in front of all the minions, have them hit you, then go into the bush, and then sometimes they'll have it push towards [music] you. You mainly want more minions though on their side to do this. So like if they're pushing towards you, you could easily freeze the lane, but you ideally need uh more minions. It's like like you said, this will eventually work because it'll push towards us, but you ideally want more red minions to have it push towards you and then you can freeze and you'll see this naturally happen. And then you'll see a bouncing thing where waves will bounce back and forth. That's going to be natural as well. A lot of the times [music] you just play a game of who's more patient in the lane. That is a lot of top lane cuz sometimes you're they have it frozen on their side and there's nothing you can do. So, you have [music] to be patient and wait for it to break either by jungler coming up and helping you or just naturally as the game goes on, they eventually make a mistake on the wave or something. But you see there's a ton more red minions. Like I did that trick right up here. It sometimes works, sometimes it doesn't. I don't know. I get like I get confused by it sometimes, too. Like it sometimes doesn't work, but it worked in this case. Like you see how many more red minions there are. Basically, what you can do, you see this wave right here? As soon as it gets to the turret, hold the wave right here until it gets to the turret. Once you see it past the turret, go right here. you froze it. Pretty easy. As long as there's more minions, you you have froze it. And then you can last it. That is the basic freezing. That is how you freeze, guys. It's not too complicated. It can be complicated, but it's not too complicated. And then mainly the other wave control things. You could slow push. Like if you're on the enemy team, you got this. You could slow hit these blue minions. And then, for example, you could have it go into the tower and then look how many minions you have. You could easily dive with this and get [music] it's like makes dive so much easier. So yeah, that is the basic of wave control. I'm not going to confuse you guys too [music] much. Again, look at the replays, okay? Look at the replays that I sent down below for a specific matchup to see how they wave control so you don't get too confused. But this will be an example how it's pushing towards them and you can last hit it. And last hitting is pretty good if you want to uh deny as much CS as possible because if you have lay here, if you have more minions than them, then you can step up and probably take better trades. But, you know, setting up for jungle, this is the best way cuz if you get a ton of minions over them and then dive is just better. And like I said, this is how waves back bounce back and forth. If they manage to freeze it here, you know, of course they'll keep it there. And if they can keep it there, they'll freeze it. But if you can get under turrets, the waves will most likely bounce back and forth. I hope that isn't too confusing. That is the basics of wave control. That's the basics of top lane, honestly. So, yeah, there is wave control. All right, some extra tips [music] um of how to get better. Like I said, go into practice, practice your animation [music] cancels, practice your abilities. Um, practice just auto refresh cool down, practice your hops over walls and your crunches over walls just to get your feel around the map. I mean, I think this is standard [music] thing nowadays that you know what to do. Like if you get a specific feel on champions, where can I use my [music] gap closers or dashes over? You know what I'm saying? So, practice this all around the map. I'm sure you'll get used to it. Um, always hold C because look at this. I'm going to level up my character at 430 range. Now I have 435. So your range basically just goes up pretty much every level. So that's something that you want to do. Definitely hold C so you can manage your uh [music] range correctly. That's a tip I can give. And yeah, that's basically it. I think the biggest tip I can give realistically is try your hardest in every game to learn. learn from every game and [music] watch replays and just play more to learn. That's is that's what you how to get better. If you want to get better, that's what you do. That's what I'm trying to say. Just play more. If you don't like it, that's fine. You can go back to playing something else. But this isn't the easiest champ in the game. It's not the hardest, but it definitely isn't the easiest. You know, it'll take time to learn. You have to learn patience with this champion. And trust me, you will with a lot of the time because [music] you're you rely on your team a ton in team fights whenever you get your CC. So yeah, that's the biggest tips I can give. And we have one last thing to go over actually. And before I do that, uh I forgot to say this in the abilities, but you can throw a backwards [music] Q, but that's mainly to stop backs and to potentially get last second kills, but you only do it purposely to stop backs. So yeah, there's that. Okay, lastly, one of the biggest changes of the season, of course, the quest items and the fact that you can get up to three some spells now. So, basically this season you can get teleport if later in the game after you complete your quest if you take one of these instead of TP. I personally like TP more though because uh you get a lower cool down and you get a huge shield after you complete your quest. So, I'm going to leave this as a preference thing. If you prefer the TP with a shield with lower cooldown, cool, go it. But if you prefer the early game power, then you can go ignite. There's a lot of options actually. You can go exhaust, [music] ghost. Um, I'll say ignites and exhaust are probably the most viable as long as ghost barrier I wouldn't see being a thing. Heal I wouldn't see being a thing. Everything else obviously wouldn't see being a thing. But I'm leaving this to preference. I would rank teleport, ignite, exhaust, ghost. But again, that is a preference thing and I had to include this cuz it was kind of new with the new season since you can take up the three. But yeah, those are the some spells that I would take if I'm going. All right, guys. That is the Nar guide finished. Um, again, I have timestamps everywhere if you skipped time stamp if you want specific uh area for the video. But yeah, I don't know how long this is. I tried to make it mediumish length. I don't want to make it too long, but also don't want to make it too short. But yeah, if you have any questions, be sure to ask me down below. I mainly wanted to make this guide mainly a NAR focus and not too much about, you know, outside the game. So, like again, if you're looking for like macro and more wave management, look at the replays. Please look at the replays cuz I think Master Plus players will give like better information and replay in actual games, then I would be here. But I just gave the basics. Again, I'm not a challenger player. I'm mainly diamondish. I hover diamond a lot, but I do have experience at least. But yeah, that is season 16, season 2026 guide. See if we'll hit 5 mil mastery points with this champ this season. Maybe, maybe. So yeah, it was pretty pretty fun. And I will say one last thing for skins, my favorite skins, if you are going to get some, I like Dino Nar with the chromas. I like T1, Illusion, Elderwoods. Honestly, I like every skin except for Elon. Every other skin's good. Elon's the worst easily. It's not bad. It's just not for me. But I like every other skin. So if you're looking for a skin, I think it's worth it if you're going to play a ton. But yeah, that that is season 16. Again, make sure let me know if you [music] have any questions. I'm sure you know I missed a small thing or two here or if you're confused about anything, be sure to let me know. And yeah, good luck on your climbs this season. Or if you're just playing for fun, best of luck on that, too. Anyways guys, I hope you enjoyed the video and I love you guys forever. Enjoys. Best [music] delicious. Bye-bye. Heat.
