Title: 3 Minute Warwick Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bm4tqP9Pqwo

Content:
Why play Warwick jungle? Well, his ganks are incredible. He brings multiple brilliant lockdowns. He has amazing sustain and it's easy to pick up and play. However, he can get kited, especially if your enemy is healthy, and heal reduction is good into him. Warwick's first passive are his basic attacks deal bonus damage on hit. His second passive is while he's below half health, he heals for this bonus damage he deals. And when he's below 25% health, he heals for 250% of this bonus damage. Warwick's Q causes him to lunge towards the target, dealing damage to them and healing himself. If held down for half a second, he locks onto that target where he follows any dashes or flashes or anything like that before leaping behind them. Warwick's W has a passive where he gains a large amount of bonus attack speed while attacking an enemy below half health. It also has a second passive where he senses all enemy champions below half health where he gets a blood trail towards them. And when following this blood trail, he gains a large amount of bonus move speed. And the attack speed and move speed buffs are increased if they're below quarter health. The active causes him to sense enemies nearby, gaining these bonuses regardless of their health. Warwick's E grants him a large amount of damage reduction for 2 and 1/2 seconds. After this time or when reactivated, he fears all enemies in a circle around him. Warwick's ultimate is a straight-line skill shot which causes him to leap in a direction suppressing the enemy and dealing constant damage to them. He heals for a portion of the damage dealt and the range of this ability is increased based on his movement speed. For combos, start with your W and when you get close, use your E and spam out attacks while moving behind them. Keep attacking while using Q to deal more damage or chase any dashes, saving your ultimate to CC your opponent or massively heal yourself when needed. And when you just need to engage, use W into your ultimate. Attack into E then hold down Q to move behind your opponent. Use your E again to fear them in the wrong direction while attacking away. For matchups, he can struggle into champions who can kite him or stop his strong attacks. And he's great into champions who rely on burst damage as he easily tanks it with his W or mobile champions he follows with his Q. For runes, take this. Lethal Tempo makes you a monster. For build order, start blue monster into a stridebreaker and tier two boots. After this, a Bork is a great pickup before finishing a a with any of these as needed. For skill order, start Q then W then E before maxing W then Q then E taking ult whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and smite. Starting the game, the safest option is always to do a full jungle clear to make sure you're as strong as you can be to fight for scuttle crab if needed. And Warwick loves taking these very early fights as most champions just can't out damage the amount he heals. However, Warwick's also fairly strong when he hits level three, easily running into a lane and fearing an enemy in the wrong direction. When looking for these ganks, always consider the three main points of what CC does your team bring, what escapes does the enemy have, and where is the lane pushed to? When ganking, start with W to get your buffs no matter what. And then, if you know they have any dashes or flashes, if you can react to it with your Q to follow them, it's a great chance you're going to get a kill. Entering the mid game with a couple of items, you're a monster. Keep up aggressive wards and look for two V two and three V three skirmishes which you love. And from here, get the kills and convert into objectives. Entering late game team fights, play a front to back play style. You are ridiculously tanky as long as you time your damage reduction well and keep attacking. So, keep attacking anything in front of you until you can go for their back line using your ultimate for massive heals. And that's how to play Warwick jungle. Leave the video a like and apologize for my voice. Hopefully, I'll be feeling better soon.
