Title: The Most BROKEN Jungle Path In Season 16 - League of Legends Guide
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOV5KBn8IFI

Content:
Hello YouTube. Today I have a very exciting video to share with you guys as we're going to be discussing a jungle path that is specific to changes made in season 16. Now, in my opinion, this path is extremely game-breaking. And if you are not abusing it and the enemy jungler is abusing it, you are going to be at a huge disadvantage. So, let's get straight into it. Okay, so first things first, the jungle path in question is not something new. However, it is much more applicable in season 16 compared to season 15. The pathing is raptors into red into krugs into base into going topside. Now why this path is a lot more applicable in season 16 is because a lot more champions can do it. The main reason is that you have homeg guards until here. Now that's the first reason and the second reason is because you know failites are a little bit more OP and you can actually buy dark seal or long sword and a pink ward. So, the reason why this is so game-breaking is because if your champion can clear these red side camps fast, if your champion can hop over this wall and if you can clear all these camps before this spawn with a smite, which a lot of champions can by the way, you are basically getting here with a dark seal, with a pink ward, with a smite, you know, compared to the enemy jungle if he's just full clearing to top. This means that you're at a huge advantage. Okay, so why is this part so good? Fast snowballing, right? Having a dark sil, having a long sword, season 16 is already pretty fast-paced. So, this is already Yeah. And you're losing basically nothing for it. You know, we'll get to why this path, you know, there are some downsides, right? You're essentially losing nothing for it because of home guards. And, you know, as I just said, you can fail and you're on time for crab and you're, you know, stronger for crap because you have an item. Now, why is this, you know, when could this path be bad or when should you not do this path? So depending on what champion you're playing, for example, if I'm playing Mundo, right, and I don't do AOE camps very well, I might just go for a more of a standard path, this is already, you know, the kind of the best thing to do as Mundo. Okay? You know, if your if your champion doesn't really do AoE camps fast, this path isn't, you know, you don't want to force this path. I mean, you still could do this path. I've tested on a Mundo. You literally still can get to scuttle on time, you know, with a you know, with a Rubik crystal. So, it's still pretty good. Um, but it may not be as worth. And you don't really want to do this path to override, you know, if you really need to play around bot, right? you just part the bot. Okay, so this is not, you know, one case fits all. And, you know, the the major downside I can see a lot of people saying, which is just the fact of, you know, again, depending on what champion that you play, you may not be able to camp cycle, right? Because you're doing 1 2 3 into four into five into six. This is not really a camp cycling path. This is just all about that first round. This is all about playing fast. This is all about creating tempo, creating advantage out of nothing. Yeah, this is the main strategy and it makes sense on the champions that we're going to be talking about that you should do this path on pretty much every single game. Okay, this is the stance I'm taking on this. This is how OP I think this is. Okay, so what champions is this path OP for? Yeah, like I just said, pretty much any jungler that has a good raptor start, a good three camp, and wants a dark seal or a long sword. So, these are champions like Silus, Ekko, Elise, Talon, Hana, Leen, you know, the list could go on. Um, I will say that this path is especially good for champions that can get to this wall and jump over it. You know, Silus, all all the all these champions, right, uh, can actually get to that wall and jump over it. All of these champions can, you know, I would even consider doing this this jungle path on other AoE uh, characters like Zach, you know, some tanks just to be able to build that ruby crystal. And I think, you know, obviously you need to get into the practice tool. You need to practice this path to be on time if you want to be on time. But honestly, even if you're like a few seconds late here, the advantage that you gain is still really, really big. Okay. And just by the way, if you guys are interested before we get into the in-game example, I do coaching in the jungle academy. So, links in the description if you want to check that out. All right. So, now I just want to get into a game. You know, I'm just I've just picked Elise here. Uh the lease the Elise clear is pretty, you know, straightforward and easy, but I just want to show you guys really with with like an in-game example of, you know, what it what it really looks like when I show up at this crab, you know, playing a lease with a dark seal. I mean, you can already know if you if you play these kind of champions, uh you understand the gravity of kind of what I'm talking about. Okay, so you know, I just want to do a quick little Yeah, like I said, you do kind of have to learn the clear, but you know, you just got to get in practice tool. This is like a really really big advantage that you will have. So, it is worth the time investment uh to to learn whatever you know your clear is. You know, there's a bunch of um videos on YouTube that you can just research a guide for or, you know, you can just figure it out yourself. Um, honestly, again, you don't even need to be like a speed racer, right? You just need to practice it a few times. There are some harder champions than than than others, right? The echo clear is a little harder, a little more finicky than the Elise one. Um, but yeah, this is just, you know, it's too good not to do for these kinds of champions. And another thing I didn't really mention is that, you know, you are playing a silence on Ekko, like this is a great bot gank here if there is a gank, right? So, that is also something that you need to be thinking about. But yeah, as you can see, you can buy up both these things. You sprint straight to this wall. Like I said before, if you have a champion that can jump over the wall, that is really, really beneficial. But because this home guards just, you know, I'm just appearing here right now. Um, you can know why I'm saying that this is so game-breaking. And yeah, you don't have camp cycling. Um, but you know, with how fast-paced uh the game is right now, I think that honestly camp cycling, of course, you know, the fundamentals of the game is still still important, right? Camp cycling will beat out if you don't find anything. Um, but just with how the game is right now, I think that this kind of is the move, you know, and yeah, like little things like this, right, you need to pull a camp ahead of time, you know, remember to just again practice the clear. Again, I don't think it's a big deal if you get here a little bit late. Um, like I said, most of the champions that I mentioned can kind of get here on time. But yeah, even if you're like, you know, obviously I could optimize this a little bit. Um, but even if you're a little bit, you know, late here or whatever and, you know, I think you can even do like wolves into this as well. But yeah, like just look how OP this is, right? I have a pink ward here on the failite. I'm on time. I have a dark seal. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to kill things. So, it's just super super strong. was super super game-breaking. Uh, and that's pretty much where I'm going to wrap up the video. It's just going to be a quick one. You know, tell me what you think about this path in the comments below. And yeah, I'll see you guys all with some more season 16 content in future videos. Peace.
