Title: 🏆 Top 8 - Kha'Zix vs Master Yi | Triple Win-A-Box Riftbound Unleashed Tournament
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-40ty7tOYQ

Content:
Now it is quarterfinals time. Let's join these players. As we alluded to, it is our number one seed versus our number eight seed, Master Yi mid-range down below versus the Kha'Zix that pretty much ended up 20 stomping the Aurora players. It almost felt while I was watching that game and a Kha'Zix almost felt like a direct counter to Aurora. How do you feel about that? I think the way he has built his deck, it definitely has a good Aurora matchup with the main deck sabotages and the main deck uh insightful investigators. Hitting the Aurora off the insightful investigator on the and then the sabotage on that the god ramp where you go mobilize catalyst Aurora. That has to be the most the best feeling you can have as someone playing the uh uh playing playing against that deck cuz it is very frustrating to be on the other side. So very cool to see that they are able to uh to pull that off. But this is kind of cool. I do like this new unit, this dragon uh dragon soul sage. It is a cool new orange card able to ramp and with ye it actually does defend. It's not just a little one might, >> right? We did see he did have a couple of late game units and I believe that's just a raw energy. So, it's not just used for spells. It can be utilized for anything. Unless I'm wrong, let me double head. Yeah, it's just a single energy utilized for any single spells or anything like that. But it does manage to take care of the irresistible or is it irresistible? The little fa folk in the back line. and he is big nuisance to the likes of Master E because you're able to kind of move Master E's units around. And we all know Master Mastery only benefits on being alone at a battlefield. So the faithful could have kind of in the situation where Master had two units on one each on each battlefield. You kind of go ahead and bundle them up together kind of denying that Master Eye value. And then you could send in something else as we see the set brawler already get established in the backline to try to clean things up after your faith folk dies. But he kind of died without having anything to say this game number one which kind of feels bad. So we'll see what he has kind of to follow things up after that kind of L. >> Yeah, absolutely. And does opt to as you probably noticed he is playing the seed of power which is an interesting choice for Ye and opts to not get the draw there. would have been able to shove up the the uh the I cannot speak the speak the first mate but that would mean that then the first mate would be on the forbidding waste and it would die pretty cleanly to the set could didn't even wouldn't even have to uh do too much to do that so instead opts to pull back build up for the next turn does have that pseudo ramp there in the uh the dragon soul sage page and with all your runes up. I mean, there are a lot of really cool new tools for Yi. There's my opinion one of the scariest cards that Ye has access to is the Rengar trophy hunter card and quite obviously can't play it here, but attacking into battlefields when Ye has runes up now, it's very scary. He can just randomly be defending for eight, right? It looks like he goes and just plays out that tasty faithful for the time being. Passes it back over to Kha'Zix. So, not throwing out anything like we saw in the past like that Ranguard trophy hunter. So, just allowing Kha'Zix to kind of put some points on the board knowing that he has a pretty good back line so that he could go ahead and clean things up when he needs to. But now Kha'Zix's turn to kind of leave runes open. As we know, he always has access to the purple Kha'Zix ambushable card that if you are attacking alone, not only does he get plus two might, but also gets the plus two XP, which in decks like Kha'Zix use it to the best of its ability. I feel like XP is very, very important for Kha'Zix decks. Maybe one of the decks that most relies on something like XP. You get the free buffs, you get to retreat back units. I don't think I could say any other legend uses a XP as effectively as Kha'Zix does. >> Yeah, it is nice that Ka gives you multiple options on what you want to do with your XP, whereas the other decks, Poppy is just a draw one, which just a draw one is a lot. Like drawing is very good, but it is more expensive. And Yi does want to ramp up the other Yi, mind you, it does want to ramp up and save your XP, not spend it. So, I think I would agree. I think KA is the best spender of XP, >> right? I do agree as well. And oh, a card we don't haven't seen too much in the unleash meta. Kiana coming out to play a resident, a staple card in old school mastery builds, but kind of flipping the table a little bit. But first things testing the waters against the first mate, the forbidden ways kind of being a bit of a detriment on your own battlefield here. So minus two down and just a single might. So four to one. But keep in mind as soon as actually I believe this is a it like works retroactively like if you ambush a unit it regains the plus two might I believe. I'm pretty sure that's how it's ruled. >> I want to say it is just a continuous ability. Yeah. In which case yeah. >> Uh discipline coming out here going to a six on six. I mean still has five cards in hand to work with. Could easily have another on guard. Yep. There's the Ong Guard. Does want to win this. I mean, the Yi does have uh hunt two, so you get quite a bit of XP off of this. Not that not that this E deck cares too much about the XP. Let's be real here, >> right? I think the majority that he cares about is just simply to get up to level six so that deflect and ganking do indeed come online. But the star cross, there is no deflect here, but instead going for the back line. The tasty faith folk going to be being met by the star cross even. Okay, I think this is a great play. Instead of having your first maid die, first mate is a fantastic card to return back to hand. As we saw, you're able to kind of move your units around wherever you choose to do so. But it does come at the cost. This is a double conquer turn for Master Yi. And oh, to make matters worse, a challenge coming down that Master Yi is at an insanely tall eight might. So, taking down the set brawler and that was a really great turn for Master. This is a big of a backoot kind of situation. And Kha'Zix finds himself in. >> Yeah, that was uh Wait, isn't set at Okay. No, set was at five. So, it was five five into six and did lose cuz he does get the minus two. Oh, no. You're right. You're right. Because you get the plus two from Ye, right? Yeah. Okay. So, does end up clearing most of it. I mean, it feels pretty bad here from Ka's perspective, right? You only have one unit. You have to deal with the Master Yi legend giving everything more value and you have less cards in hand too. >> Same card. >> Same card. But >> Right. And we do know one of those cards is still the first mate. So we have to keep that in mind. So effectively only has three unknown cards. But were you saying about the challenge the master ye I were you saying because of the forbidden waste? >> Oh challenge. Sorry. I I don't know why I thought charm in my head. >> Yeah. Challenge. challenge. Yeah, cuz I was going to say the forbidden waste is only when defending either way. But you're totally right. If it was a charm, it would have applied there. But does have the backup set brawler, so not feeling too bad. The only downside being is you had to completely exhaust out on your runes to do so. So if there's another challenge/ another charm this time around, I think Master E might just be able to punish that play. and dropping a bunch of scuttle crab here. I really do like this new two drop for the Y deck as the downside of having zero might is not super awful when it is still just holding for two and it doesn't auto lose to another two drop and instead it just acts like a Clockwork Keeper without the having to pay the extra power cuz the Clockwork keeper attacking for two almost never was real, >> right? It definitely mitigates the downside only having virtually upside mastery. You're trading against the early drops anyways if you're not against the mastery. So two for two as you mentioned as well as getting the draw which is a more important case here. And you get to reveal the hand once it goes down. And something I learned the hard way is not just the cards in hand. You actually reveal the cards in the hidden zone as well as at the same time. So you get to see all the information you don't normally see. Oh wow, just slamming the defy says you will not look at my hand tells me there probably a couple good buffs in there. Maybe like a punch first on guards uh disciplines and the one thing to note is that there are five energy available to remember that that dragon skill sage can tap for a uh for an energy. So more than it looks like is available, but set going to swing in here for eight into four from Y. >> Oh, and this is something we don't see too often. A primal strength coming down. That is an impressive plus seven might on this turn. Plus the two you already get naturally from Master E. Plus N from the force. So up to 13 total might coming in. Set brawler. I don't know if he's going to have enough, but goes in with the Kha'Zix. You're defending lone. So Kha'Zix comes in that six might. So 6 plus 8 a little bit taller. Is this exactly what he needs? The Sonia's Hourglass does get revealed to try to save the Yi down the road. Does trade with the Kha'Zix at the minimum? But okay, is this the bit of wiggle room he needs to climb back in this game or did the Za's hourglass do too much heavy lifting there with the save? He did have to know that it was an hourglass, like what else does Ye hide besides I guess maybe a back off maybe, but I feel like when you're passing with that many runes up, you kind of want to play the back off from hand because it is just a draw one. It'll cycle at the very worst. Uh I mean, are there any other hiddens that you think I'm missing? Isn't it generally just Zonas plus like I guess Back Off now? >> Yeah, you nailed it perfectly. I think those are the only two reasonable uh hidden cards to expect from a master y build. So, traditionally we've seen those zona's hourglass and ever since set three drop a back off is definitely a one of if not a two of in the deck but oh a signature spell we haven't seen all tournament long void assault getting deployed out. You move one of your units, you you move one of their units and then you kind of meet in the middle at a battlefield and that set brawler is at 16 total might. So, can you actually take that? Okay, you took both of the units. That's what I thought. So, it was the mastery and the first mate. >> Yeah. So, it'll be 11 into into uh so 14 does die out to 16. That being said, there are a couple scuttle crabs and the dragon scale sage. So, despite clearing the board, Ye does still have a couple units to work with. Is in the point lead as well. Not uh not too shabby from the Kha'Zix though. I was able to clear out quite a bit there. It's got to feel pretty good. >> Yeah, that's honestly as optimal of a turn as you could possibly have for Kha'Zix, especially in that situation where you didn't have the most cards in hand and now we get full information ourselves as the final star cross the first mate that got returned to hand. Is that enough? Cuz right now mastery does have a straightforward conquer up to seven with the forbidden waste conquer. Can he hold though? I don't think so. Right, because you retreat one of these units. First made it over. So, a bit of a pseudo ganking situation going down. It all depends though. The trophy hunter coming down for the first time. And wo wo na. Is that a double lion? Oh my goodness. No one could have expected that. Closing things out. >> I've never seen double trophy hunter. >> Wow. That that's crazy. That was a crazy swing. I mean, it makes sense. Uh, it makes sense that you do just you crash your dude, you look at their hand and you say, "Okay, well, you got nothing." I mean, he was tapped out anyway, so it's pretty pretty guaranteed. But, I mean, the Rengar card is just such an upgrade for this deck. It's quite crazy improve the E deck. >> Yeah, I completely agree. You know, it is deceivingly hard to predict when it comes down because honestly on paper you're like, "Oh, of course, if they have five runes up, we know it's a trophy hunter." But against a Master Yi, if they leave the runes open, you don't honestly know what they're exactly have in hand, right? They do have, as I mentioned before, access to discipline, ong guard, punch, furs, uh, so many other counter cards, or not counter cards, but card interactions that you don't know what to expect. So, just having simply five energy open isn't as a straightforward telltale sign as I originally thought about trophy hunter. So, I am super impressed. I think trophy hunter works best in a master e build this set. >> Absolutely. And there is our little boy Mr. Root is able to get a couple XP and then C pulls it right back. It's a nice synergy with that uh with the CAD deck. Able to keep it safe off the battlefields and it essentially pays for itself in XP, right? You get two for pushing it up and then you can pull it back with two. >> Mhm. Yeah, not too bad. Nala, a fantastic card. It almost didn't seem worth it putting in the 40 cards for Kha'Zix, but this is a top eight Kha'Zix. So, he definitely knows a whole lot more than I do about Kha'Zix. Every time you move, very similar to how uh Mr. Root does, you get XP. And this is not just moving to Battlefield. This is every single move. It does have ganging. So, Battlefield to Battlefield is a plus one XP. So, you are threatening 3 XP gain on this very turn just for moving these units. So, it doesn't feel too bad. We're getting to see the power level of Kha'Zix on the play. And this is a good play here, Gus. Either you expend a discipline on guard just to go ahead and conquer or you're slowing them down. You're not letting mastery play his game. The game of being on a battlefield and then virtually never letting go of that battlefield. And it does feel like the new Y deck is able to play in ways that is not simply just >> slam a guy and pray it sticks, right? It feels like it did open up play patterns, which is cool. It's cool when decks have more options because it means that the games are more interesting, right? When you're playing a Aurora deck, sometimes it can be very boring. And I think one of the reasons that people don't like watching them is because they're very one note, right? It's I dig for my Aurora, I throw my Aurora down, and the game's over if you don't have enough. whereas and maybe old Yei was pretty similar where it's like I shove up my guy in battlefield, I sit there and I protect him with buffs and if I end up getting double conquered or Kaiso wipes my board, it's very hard for me to get back in. Still possible, but very hard. >> And I love this play here, the void assault. You would think to use it something like a charm, but might as well get the additional benefit of the XP gain. So ganking on over effectively, not literally, but just moving that ganking unit over to Starring. So you get an additional XP. So I believe he's counting it on the card there. Some people count it on the legend ability, but we'll pay attention to the card. Okay, it is at one cuz he used one for the buff of course. So just one XP currently with the move. So five to six because he's defender. So having to invest the punch first, that's expensive. Do we feel it's worth it though? I mean it is really expensive here going to be down to two runes after this turn and sure you are removing everything the Yei is doing but Yei is going to have seven cards in hand at the start of this turn and seven runes as well. It it's hard for me to to justify it. But maybe you do just need to play really aggressive in this matchup and say okay I'm going to be really up in points early game. I'm going to throw my hand down. I am going to go really aggressive and you're not g that's my way of winning. But I mean it feels very bad. >> It does. I mean just look at the difference in rune economy, right? We're talking about seven runes versus the two. But tap in seven which was almost indicative of something like a accelerated Oh no no no. I think uh tasty fay folk is actually a seven cause but at the minimum you do have access to the trophy hunter but it is just going to be a tasty faolk nonacelerate just playing out so playing a bit of a slower game and next turn I think has to be the turn where he kind of pushes the uh the tempo forward and tries to get back in this game cuz right now that's a conquer or rather a hold up to five a Mr. route up to six. That means just one more turn away from a potential closing out turn. But I say that, but you're not able to set up too much with only four runes this turn. You can't even play the set brawlers you've had before. >> Yeah, you might not even push up your little mystery route because it'll probably just die. Uh you could push it into Biomaw and say, "Hey, you can move your faithful here and then he'll just get stuck." But it looks like Ka, this build of Ka is wanting to to just conquer, conquer, conquer. So, I would not feel super comfortable about saying, "Hey, I'm gonna I'm going to hold for three turns on the uh on the Starring." Like, that doesn't seem very realistic to me. >> Yeah, not too realistic. So, goes ahead and just plays out the chosen champion. Usually you want to save it as a surprise attacker, but prioritizing buffing it instead just to have that much more points or that much more might on the board to try to push against Master E. But now you're kind of leaning into Master's game. You're allowing Master Y to get onto these battlefields and then defend from there. To make matters worse, the sabotage revealing any kind of counter slash anything interactivewise. Void assault gets removed and a little first mate and a myster is all that remains despite being on the play. I don't like these last two cards remaining. You have a good board established so far, but six cards in hand. Uh fa folk that the friends for eight, this is a little tricky. Definitely a little tricky for Kha'Zix, I want to say. Yeah, this is not a fun Mario to be in. Your legend doesn't have any draw on it and you are stuck with very few cards. So now you are you're just kind of forced to work with almost nothing and when the Yei leader is on the battlefields, it is getting so much value and you cannot really replicate that value with what you have. So >> Mhm. >> Wow. and goes for the double first mate moving his stuff all the way around and does hide a I can only imagine it's a zonas good >> we saw in game number one I would imagine is the same thing unless I believe I'm trying to think back at the new off round we saw I think there might have been a bit of a back off as well as we kind of thought about but I like this play I think this star spring is a battlefield that also is utilized in mastery very very effectively we know it's not mastery's battlefield this time around. But I think in game three if it does end up going there, if memory serves me right, I believe he is also or was that in game one? What did he have here game one? Oh, it was the seed of power. So it might be a game three star spring. So I like it. I like it a lot cuz usually Master just has single units on these battlefields. So you kind of stay with single units on these battlefield. As we saw, he played the first mate, readyied the Tasty Faithful, and then trigger the Star Spring to bring it back in the ready position, allowing him to kind of move on over and double conquer on that turn. So, feeling good. Feeling in a good position cuz the Tasty Faithful goes, "Oh, and I'm as I talk it out, I'm seeing the line of play for Master E. He's done it before with Lonely Porro. You don't have to use the Za's hourglass. you react to the deaf new ability so that you don't save the fa folk. >> Yep. Yep. It is quite nice and it is uh it's a pretty common play like you said with the lonely poro. So would be not surprised to see that happen here, right? Like you said because you you'd rather see another card and ramp up would be going all the way to what uh I can't count 11 runes, right? >> Yeah. Plus two nine and then two more is 11. You're totally right. So up to 11 next turn, which is your whole rune deck virtually. So not feeling too bad having access to monstrous cards. Things like we saw in previous rounds. The Volmont coming in at eight ambush. So you push in one of these first mate and drop a whole behemoth of a unit. Following things up, but saying, you know what, I'm at six points. Let's play it point by point. I'm just going to go ahead and play as much units as I can and pray for the best. Can Master Ye hold though? Does he have trophy hunters slash those Vmons to hold back these units from double conquering? I want to say yes, but you only do have four full five cards in hand. Four at that now. I don't think Yeah, I can't imagine the Gust was going to be super useful there, but it is a it is nice to know your opponent has literally nothing. Uh, I guess it would be okay on the following turn as it means you don't have to swing into one of these first mates and you can just kind of try and pull send the other one. This would be the turn that Oh wow, another one. The whole squad >> triple first mate. One of these first mate is ready though. But more importantly, you're leaving seven runes behind. Three cards. What can those final three cards that is what Kha'Zix has to say so considered of? You have five plus the three. So up to eight plus the one nine total might to try to double push on this turn. But keep in mind guys, we haven't seen a single trophy hunter. We could completely count out Vmon as that is a eight cost unit. So trophy hunter/ combat tricks is the only thing keeping these force mates able to go ahead and deny these conquers. So pushing in everything. He might be going for a hold strategy from here on out. Yeah, I mean I could I could see it. There is a Valma on the other battlefield, so he can't can't move that first mate around. That being said, all the first mates have been played out, so it's not really super super easy to move stuff around, is he? It would more likely be Rengar trophy hunters like you said or Valmaus. But we know it's not a Valma as the like you said only only eight runes to work with or sorry seven runes to work with not the eight that Valma requires. Could also see like punch first could see discipline and it looks like yeah combat is going to go through here. >> So coming down to the final card in hand. He's going to be defending for four might the void assault trying to trying to dwindle that down. Actually you're going to trade a little bit. Wait a second. Void assault for the double conquer. You move one back. No, no, it's to a battlefield that you're at. Oh, but the not so fast trying to deny the win cuz that was almost able to do so. But let me read voice. I believe you move a unit to a battlefield that you move to as well, right? Or can you move two things around period? >> Just says move a friendly unit, then move an enemy unit. So you could move your guy there and move him off. Imagine, >> right? or you kind of swap places because it is Volman's layer. So, you couldn't move him back to base, but move him to the group battlefield and then the first mate moving to Volman effectively conquering up to eight points. So, I can't believe he had it out on the table without the not so fast. He could have maybe won right there. >> Yeah, that was actually crazy. I didn't see that. And that was quite a top deck. If the yei does not have exactly not so fast or defy, I mean the game's probably just over there as no amount of buff spells are working, right? >> Yeah. And he's kind of revealing the hand. He's saying, "I have all the answers. I have a trophy hunter in case you find any units to go ahead and push in at accelerated speed, but we know it was only the Nala that comes in accelerating, and that's not going to be enough to hold them off as well. As we mentioned, the trophy hunter is still there. You don't get the plus two might on the Yei, but it is six versus the four. So, that is it. The final push or the Actually, that's it. That's it for the quarterfinals, right? Cuz he already won a game. It kind of flew by. >> Yep. That was a pretty quick 20, right? It was a 20, right? I'm not I'm not gaslighting myself, right? >> No, it was a 2. Nice and impressive stuff from Mashi. We said I think it was Sasuke that had Mastery winning this entire event. The way Newf is piling this deck. I can't count him out. I think I'm going to put my money on Mastery as well. He took down the Kha'Zix that was almost the Aurora killer. So Aurora is still hanging in there. He's going to have to try to deal with this Mastery. But with sabotages, maybe with access to Axons as well, you don't feel that crazy bad of a matchup against Auror. But if they're both trying to go a little bit late game, we know Dazzling Aurora is the late game deck. So, I'm actually curious. Maybe we'll get that in our semifinals. But for now, NA, we still have 30 minutes left. Let's see if we can find another quarter match. Was Blue Purple versus Blue Purple. It ended up being a Ezreal mirror match. I don't know how that ended up lining up. Wait, no, no, no. It couldn't be a Ezro mirror match because we're seeing the Ezro here. So, >> yeah, >> it was >> I I like Yeah. No, I was just going to say I think it was a Vex Ezreal that that ended up playing out. >> Okay. I like this matchup a lot for Ezreal. That being said, the more controlly version I the Windser one, at least if it's the one I'm thinking of, is more of like a tempo version of the deck and you are playing more aggressively. I really do like the control variant into this list though a lot because you can actually consistently remove the elder dragons and unless they're playing the full mind spplitter setup then there's not really much that they do that you care about and even if they are playing the full mind uh mind spplitter suite you can kind of just hand rip them back. So I I like this matchup a lot as Ezreal. you can remove the units pretty efficiently and they're forced to actually play the uh last rights if they do want to keep tempo. But it looks like there's no Aurora on the board. So that was a hard played probably a hard played Elder Dragon. >> Yeah, let's see. Honestly, is there those new gear interactions? Yeah, turn to dust is exactly what I was thinking in my head is saying you gave Ezreal more tools to try to deal with Aurora. And you know, we see exactly how this Ezreal has managed to make it so far because on top of having cards in the sideboard, I would imagine cyborg like turn to does. They even have a little bit more aggressive cards like Sprite Fountain to go ahead and conquer and put those points on the board before Aurora has to even a chance to come online, which I like it. Have you seen this kind of build from Ezreal before? >> Yeah, I mean this is the uh the more tempo oriented Ezreal build. Uh not super surprised. It is good. Uh it's kind of cool because there are multiple list ways you can play this deck. You have the the tempo build which is you play gusts, you play winds singers, uh you play a little bit more on the bottom end. Sometimes you can play some more two drop units and you play for tempo and you still do have some options later in the game because you do still have the Ezreal leader, you have chilling touch, you have uh like gust that you can combo with the chilling touch and stuffs, but the and then there's the control version which generally skimps a little bit on the two drops. You might not even play any. And then there is a I've seen a heedless resurrection build which is pretty cool. >> Oh, that sounds interesting. >> Okay. Okay. This mindsplitter is really good here. You just ripped the watcher and then he has no plays except for top deck. >> And we could only imagine with the amount of turns or amount of time that has gone in this quarterfinals, we might be looking at a game three. But honestly, I wouldn't be too surprised to find out this is just a game two cuz Ezreal tends to go a little bit late as well as well as Aurora. So, we could be looking at game two. We will be finding out rather shortly. But this is a aspirin climb game. So I would imagine that's a game two, right? Cuz the Aurora usually MF does that while they have to go second. No. Um I think there are a lot of Aurora players who do just jam at game one, but I think a lot of people also play what is it? Sigil a lot game one as well. So I'm not sure that you make uh I would be surprised to see Ezreal meaning the that temporary card though. I forget the name of it. the new gear hate >> turn to dust. Right, right, right. >> Yeah. >> But over here in chat, Riftl saying aspirin is a go first battlefield. Interesting cuz I know usually when you go second, you're trying to buy yourself a little bit of time, but maybe because you have more runes to go ahead and try to hit that dowsing Aurora slash as you know, get the DA online as soon as you can. Maybe it is a little bit more of a go first when you have less runes available. But MF doing what she can, going on the offensive, ganking on over up to five points. And we saw there's virtually nothing left in hand. But a card that can change that in this turn. It will be the stack deck. Can he find another Watcher? And is that going to be enough? Cuz we know there's no Elder Dragon, so he doesn't have be be too scared of things like the Fury of Blades, but you always have to be a little careful of things like I guess Starcross is definitely a good card here. >> Yeah, unless MF has a counter spell. This does straight up win the game. Uh cuz you can just replay the Fizz, right? And copy the Starcross on the other battlefield. >> Mhm. True. Double time. Starcross coming in for the second time. Back to the hand. Both of these units goes and that is a double conquer from seven to nine. If there's nothing like a Gus in hand, which I would imagine in a hand of eight, there's most likely going to be something like a Gus is there. Oh, even a little bit better to get rid of the windslinger, but a sprite fountain as plan B. Incredible stuff from Ezreal closing out this game two or game three. We'll find out soon. >> That was quite a way to close it. And yeah, we did know that the Sprite Fountain was in hand. >> The stack deck and the star cross. That's got to feel pretty good. Yeah, honestly that is a simply that one card alone has really skyrocketed Ezreal. I feel like in set three, Fizz was already utilized to perfection in Ezreal decks. I feel like there was no better deck that used Fizz as well, but now with Starcross, it's even higher value as we saw here. You got rid of two big units in the same turn. And yeah, it ended up playing so much dividends allowing him to close out the game. I think the fact that they're not resetting the board state that is it every every single player is done. That means the quarterfinals have come to a conclusion. Na
