Title: 3 Minute Trundle Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfJGaWvWbXc

Content:
Why play Trundle top? Well, he counters tanky champions. He is an amazing duelist. He's a fantastic split pusher and he has great built-in sustain. However, he has no dashes so can be kited and without his ultimate he's a much worse duelist. Trundle's passive is whenever an enemy dies nearby him, he heals himself. This includes minions so he's just constantly healing. Trundle's Q is an auto attack reset which empowers his next attack to gain bonus range, deal bonus damage and slow the target. Trundle then gains a large amount of bonus attack damage while also reducing the target's bonus attack damage by half that amount. Trundle's W places down a large area on the floor for 8 seconds and while in this area he gains a large amount of bonus attack speed, bonus move speed and increased healing from all sources. Trundle's E is a very underrated ability which causes a pillar of ice to explode from a circle on the floor which knocks back enemies hit. It then stays for 6 seconds acting as terrain and slowing nearby enemies. Trundle's ultimate is a point and click ability which deals damage to the target and he also heals himself for the damage dealt. In addition to stealing their life, Trundle also steals 40% of their arm and magic taking it from them and granting it to himself while also making himself larger and the target smaller. Half of the total damage, healing and resistance reduction is applied straight away while the other half is applied over the next 4 seconds. For combos, your go-to is to use W into your pillar and ult. From here, attack into Q before spamming away with more attacks. For matchups, Trundle is great into tanks where he can pressure early and steal their stats. However, he can struggle into champions that can kite him or simply block his strong attacks. For runes, take this. With his auto attack reset he applies it very quickly and it makes him a strong duelist. For build order, start blade and pots into a ravenous hydra and tier two boots. After this, a triforce and hullbreaker are great pickups before finishing a build with any of these as needed. For skill order, start Q then W then E before maxing Q then W then E taking ult whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and ignite. Starting the game, your main focus is going to be on farming hard and completing your quest as soon as possible and the easiest way you do this is by taking good trades. From level one, if you're against the champion that relies on attack damage, your Q is ridiculous. Your auto attack Q auto attack procs your PTA and also grants you so many stats for attack damage while also taking away theirs. Trundle is essentially a stat stick, which makes him mathematically hard to beat at this point in the game. When you hit level three, you're very good at forcing fights with your W speeding you up and your E knocking them back towards you. Just make sure when the fight does start, you're able to fight in your W. And even if the fight's an even trade, you absolutely love this as you'll just start healing up when their minions start dying. And when you hit level six with your ultimate, if you can force there's really not any champion in the game that can out stat you. Entering the mid game, take your tower as soon as possible and split push. You very quickly get pressure in the side lane and if the enemy comes to stop you, you're such a strong duelist most champions can't. And if they send multiple champions, your W and E gives you great disengage while teammates can take advantage of this on the other side of the map. Entering late game team fights, you are one of the best at playing the front to back play style. Ideally, use your ultimate on a tank to make yourself very tanky and it's just funny watching an Ornn get deleted like an ADC. Blender through them then chase down the back line. And that's how to play Trundle top. Leave the video like and comment below who you want to see next.
