Title: THIS GAREN BUILD IS LITERALLY IMMORTAL THIS PATCH (TOO STRONG) - 2026 Garen TOP Gameplay Guide
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=canDWLE_4ZM

Content:
P. I don't know, it's hard to tell. Yeah, also I don't really go I don't think I've even gone Phantom Dancer single game this split. I don't know, crit is just like not viable anymore in my opinion. Like I don't even really like building mortal unless I'm going there's like a Triforce build I've been enjoying. Welcome. And I can I go Mortal Reminder if I need anti-heal, if not I go Lord Dom's, but I really will like splash in a crit item here or there. I don't really commit to it. >> name. Minions have spawned. Even last game, like I'll go mortal, but I'm not honestly I'm not like a huge fan of it. I did good into Renekton right before I started stream, so we'll see if I can replicate that. I think I I literally went like six and oh against him. It was a good game. But again, it's hard to tell sometimes like I don't know. We fight for those who >> Yeah, I played grasp a good amount actually. Gosh, dude. I mean, you just annihilated that wave. I think next time I'm going to try to drag it out a little bit. Still not a bad trade. I missed a minion though. Yeah, not the end of the world, but you know, something to consider. The cursed villains. I will not fall. Forward. Still not a bad trade. I wish I was able to queue him though. I'm going to pop my I'm just going to match his potion as well. He's probably going to hit three first. We'll probably just play to crash the third wave and base. Honestly, it's hard to tell because that's the one thing with E start Garen. It's definitely strong level one. You'll beat a lot of champions with it that you wouldn't beat with Q start. All right, I'll back up. That was a fine trade. He's level three though. I don't have W for his W. Forge onward. But you often like push the wave really hard. First blood. Yeah, he's just going to catch a base or or not. He's really messing up by not just basing here. Enemy double kill. And he took it I like was in Q range. But that was also in turret range, so it worked out. Our courage must never waver. Oh, he just based. Okay, I'm just going to shove this then. I don't think he'll miss anything, but I shouldn't either hopefully. All right, well, I did not mean for that to drag like that, but all good. All right, let's get out of here. Um I guess I'll buy boots. I don't even really like getting boots anymore either though. Keep faith in yourself. Delays your item 300 gold. I mean the movement speed's nice though for sure. But Like even I've been I used to never buy refillable, but like now I've even been prior wing refillable a lot. Man, I repeat my cannon. It's unfortunate. He's going to be level five before me. >> All right, that's a fine trade. I hope I mean he'll probably heal it all back, but it's all good. Fear not, I'm coming. The hell is this Victor doing? He's just standing in my E. Shut down. >> [groaning] >> An enemy has been slain. I mean if he wants to take that trade, okay. We are the vanguard. I'm like he empowered W's mean just is eating my entire E. I guess if that's how he wants to play it, man, that's fine. I stand ready. I ignited him early there. And I've learned I don't when I'm going to flash on someone, I don't charge my Q first anymore. I like click it like right as I flash. Cuz it's yeah like obviously I think that was a he should have just flashed. Like it was a telegraph uh Q flash by me, but it's uh like slightly less telegraphed if you don't Q before doing it. You Q as you're doing it it's a little at least like kind of an element of surprise. I do need to be careful though. Renekton's still strong. Like I only have a long sword on him right now. And I have no flash, no ignite. He has flash ignite and level six, so I don't really want to fight the guy. I mean, he's just He just got nothing, lost all his fury. That was bad by him. Again, we'll keep the trade shorter against him. Honestly, I shouldn't I mean, like you need to trade because that's just a part of the game, but like if I couldn't if I didn't have to trade it then I wouldn't. Cuz I can't kill until my ignite's up anyway, and I don't want to get in tower dive range. Both his refills are gone. Again, I just have to be careful. With all of his sums, he could like maybe run me down if I'm not careful. Mhm. Yeah. >> [groaning] >> Like that fight, I don't know. It's close, but again, I have a level on Oh, no, I guess he leveled to seven. I don't know. He just I could just head calc that that he wasn't going to win that fight. I don't know. Again, it looked close, but it didn't feel as close if that makes sense. But you can see like that fight is just completely over if I have ignite there. >> [laughter] >> I'm just good and confident. I appreciate that, man. I've gotten really good at the Renekton match up. Mainly because I've played a lot of Renekton. I used to be This used to be one of my least favorite Garen match-ups. And I've just I've played a lot of Renekton since then and I've switched to going conqueror into him and it it feels fairly like straightforward now. Rampage. In the king's name. Did he hit anything? Okay, I was just going to say he didn't hit anything with his E there so he didn't get a second cast on it. Justice by law. >> I literally was like I don't think I was [laughter] like I don't think he hit anything with that E. And he had to flash away. It's funny. Yeah, his fury is the most important thing. That's why like when he dumped 50 fury on a queue that didn't even hit anything under my tower I was like, "Okay, now I can play and trade with him." I fight for those who cannot. I'm just going to hold the wave here. He Again, I don't always have to even kill him to make it feel like I killed him. Cuz like obviously a wave's not worth 300 gold but you have to think of the XP and he's losing a little I guess he only lost like one wave of XP. You got to E away, bro. Definitely don't win this. To protect our land. Huh. Shaco's in the area but this guy's just dead if he tries to stay. I mean he's still here. Shaco could in theory be here. I will fight as long as I stand. Nice. I got one more ticket E on him and it worked out. That's why he needs his flash. Like if he if he doesn't have flash and I do, I can literally just decide when I want to kill him and when I don't. Like he's literally my pet crocodile. Unfortunate that Ari still died there. All right, I have this on base. I'm going to take one more wave. Uh I honestly I should have just practiced a little more restraint. And just base. Cuz like this wave doesn't actually get me anything. And my reset time is going to be a little off, especially for grubs. Like I should already be on the way there. I'm actually going to stay. Okay. So I didn't need to be there and I could have base. Like Nico's there for me, so I could have just left, but it's okay. Ugh, my E's barely barely outside. Uh you got to hit that, man. Works out. I guess we only got one of the grubs. Who would have thought we got more, for sure. Enemy double kill. Hmm, not great, but I got my biggest problem with games recently is I'll be doing good, like literally three and 0 in lane, and then enemy AD just gets out of control and out scales me. They don't really have I mean, they have Zilean slow, Victor slow. I like Swifties. Maybe I should have gone something else, though. Like maybe Mercs would have been better. Fear stun. Honestly, I think Mercs maybe would have been better than Swifties. It's okay, though. Man, Ori's having a tough time this game. Enemy rampage. Bot died again. Super tough. You try fighting me, you dead, bro. Your team has destroyed a turret. Your team Honestly, I think I should have just turned on him one auto attack sooner and I could have killed him again. Killing spree. I can farm this guy, though. He's dead. Yeah. He is so squishy, man. He has no HP at all. He doesn't have Eclipse yet, either. I almost feel a little bad, but this These guys have a really fed Varus, so I can't feel bad or I'm going to lose this entire game. I'm going to be greedy and stay for one more play. There we go. I'm I'm content. >> first of many foes. Gosh, Ash is dead. Oh my gosh. This Ari has lost, bro. She didn't technically need to flash. I was there covering her, but it worked out. I guess I'll stick around mid. God, Varus is so fed. I don't know what happened. My bot was doing fine. Now, my Smolder is 89 CS one and four. Gosh. If I can crack the mid tower here If Varus wasn't there and I had old and everything, that Shaco just dies. But, alas. Regardless, chunking Shaco that much for dragon is still a beneficial thing. Is he human, bro? What? What are these players, man? What is going on? What is happening? That was like the biggest disrespect I've ever seen. And Renekton dies top again. Return. Why is this even Shaco just like stay like in my face? Again, I'm strongest in the next 5 minutes. I'm the strongest I'll be the entire game. So, if they're going to disrespect me like that, then I will take it and just push the lead. His name is victim. After what just happened to him, I agree, man. How is my Like how am I not rocking that? Oof. Oh, he's there anyway. All right, let's catch a base. Um I'm just going to go in the I'm just going to go more damage at this point. I'll try to get over here. Why are you going to Why would you do that? Okay. Ah, he's here. Is he dead? I guess I didn't need to flash. I got just enough of my E on him. All right, well, Zilean has no R. >> I can only I'm going to try and cover if he leaves this way. All right, I should probably just be bought now. I'm going to farm up to this my my will take. Need one more wave. I need these guys? I don't like this play at all. I feel like they should not be there. Pretty much anywhere where I'm not I'm not a fan of my team playing it. Like it's just bad. You're just dead. All right, let me grab my item. Thankfully only she dies for it. Honestly not the biggest deal. Obviously no one dying is good, but if only one person dying instead of a bunch is an option. If I get my hands on this guy he just dies. All right, I got to be careful. I don't see anyone on the map. Yeah, there's Shaco. >> I bring justice. I just want to back up for information. Oh, yeah. Well, take is great on Garen if you haven't tried it. Makes your Q's hit like a truck. All right, I'm going to be here for dragon. I need to find a flank. God damn it, you're dead. Hey, not terrible. I just can't move. Ooh, that was close. I mean, if I'm best is there, we We're fine. It's unfortunate. I'm going to build a new Sterak's. The tenacity should help. I need to get an oracle, I think. The problem is uh even I should probably be the one bot lane, but Arius or some reason >> I just need to see if I can get lucky and have someone over step. I just don't think they will. >> Our deeds shape the future. Oh, they're actually low as hell. We must protect our land. Your team has destroyed a turret. March onward. Mhm. Okay. I don't have help, so I'm just going to be careful. Yeah. We're fine. Our courage must never waver. Shaco lived on one. All right. Let's do Baron. Huge. An enemy has been slain. All right, Sterak's should help us out a lot. >> Hey man, don't count me out. I know I haven't died once yet. Can't forget the yet. Speaking of this freaking box is going to kill me. Um I really want like I I kind of want to split for this turret, but Ari's there. It's hard to like kick people out of their the place they want to be. They get tilted. They like get them. I guess I go and split up here. I don't know if I should have flashed on Varus to help out Amumu like I don't actually know if she needed my help killing the guy, but it turned out really well. I just I think I really at this point in the game Okay, I'm behind them. W dead Okay, Amumu's got him there. Good flank by me. It really pinched them. All right, I think that should be game. Man, I was actually really nervous for this game. This Varus says bot matters. Bot definitely does matter. That was just an outlier game. Yeah, like the the Nico my our Smolder was 100% griefing that game. It wasn't even like and it wasn't even like a question. That was a good game. The most damage, too. It's not every day you see a Garen with the most damage on the team. All right.
