Title: The ONLY Warwick Guide You Need - Warwick Guide League of Legends (Toplane Edition)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAP2F2l-qH8

Content:
Hey guys, and welcome to my new guide for Warwick Topling. In this guide, I will teach you everything you need to know for Warick, as well as an entire educational gameplay after we covered everything. Let's start with the abilities first, like we always do. Warwick's passive makes his basic attacks deal bonus magic damage. If Warwick falls below 50% health, he heals the same amount. If Warwick is below 25% health, this healing triples. Warwick's Q bites his target, dealing damage based on their maximum health and healing for the same damage dealt. You can also hold the ability and queue through your target. Warrick's W senses enemies below 50% health, gaining movement and attack speed against them. When they fall below 25% health, his bonuses are tripled. Wick's E gains damage reduction for 2.5 seconds. At the end of the ability, or reactivating it earlier, also causes nearby enemies to flee for 1 second. Wick's old jumps forward and attacks an enemy for 1.5 seconds, dealing damage and healing as well. Let's go for the runes and builds for Volwick next. For the runes, you always take Lethal Tempo as your main page with second wind and revitalize versus ranged matchups. And then you want to go Leo Tempo with bone plating and revitalize versus melee matchups. For the bonus stats, you always take two points into adaptive and one point into HP scaling. For the builds, you want to go either Dorn shield for ranged matchups or Dorne's blade versus melee matchups. For the boots, you go either steel caps or merks based on matchup or go swiftness to counter slows. For the builds, this one is the standard build for Wick, which can be used versus everything. The second build is specifically for the highest damage possible. If you want to 1v5 the game, this one is easily the best build for it. The third build is versus full AD to counter the heavy AD teams. And the fourth build built Strybreaker first into a bunch of magic resist versus full AP. As for extra items, if you run versus ranged matchups or champ with burst, I strongly recommend you build shribbreaker first before anything else. I also highly recommend Brembo for anti-heal and witsand isn't a great alternative versus heavy AP. Frozen hard to counter attack speed and hallbreaker for split pushing. I've also added all these builds into one entire item set and I've shared it on my Discord server. Make sure to check it out after the video. As for the skill order, you want to max out your Q first and then your W and then your E. As for the summoner spells, barrier flash is the standard play style, which makes your life still super OP if you use barrier at low HP. Ignite flash is easily the best for snowballing. You can also go ignite with barrier if you want a super strong early game. Let's talk about the combos for Wick next. The first combo is the auto Q combo. I always recommend you auto attack first before you use your ability to deal more damage. The second combo is auto QR combo. This combo lets you quickly dish out the damage before you pressure alts, which again is great for more damage. The third combo is E into hold Q combo. This combo lets you push enemies towards the other side or even towards your team for some very crazy plays. Now, let's get into an educational gameplay for Wick, and I'll teach you guys exactly on how to play this champ for the early game, mid game, and then also the late game. All right, guys. Welcome back to another YouTube video. Today, once again, playing some Warick in the top lane again. We got the Jax lane today. This is a really interesting matchup cuz lots of out playing. I'm going to show you guys. Okay, for instance, we got Leo Tempo, we got presence, elacrity cut, we got not cut down, we got um a lacerity last, we got bone plating, and then we also got revitalize. This is a really interesting matchup because you have to outplay this guy in order to win. Uh because Jax has a counter strike and the counter strike is the main problem. So, I'm going to show you cuz there's a ways to outplay it with your E. Actually, he's got no counter strike. He used it to get the pressure level one. >> I could maybe drop like one more auto. Yeah, there you go. >> I'm willing to take this damage. H. Okay, I'm going to walk back safely. Two auto attacks would have done it. Never mind. I got it. He did not expect the instant burst from my Q. All right, man. I'm just going to allow the wave to push into me. So, when you look very closely right now, there um there he is with the ignite, right? So, if your opponent runs ignite, you actually get the kill like that and you have the wave like in the center and slightly bouncing into your direction. I highly recommend just letting it push into you because in this position, um he's going to lose all the farm, right? We don't have the wave clear right now to get this under his tower. So, since Warick has healing uh on low health, we just kind of want to chill around. Let it push into me. All right. Well, now we're going to chill for a bit. We're not going to go for any crazy fights. I'm just going to take any queue I can get and then walk uh back safely. I've got like 50% mana right now. Um when the wave is pushing in like this, you generally you don't want to fight. You want to play it safely. You want this wave to push into you and not take any damage. Once the wave starts like stacking up, uh you then want to start fighting because then the wave is like in your um in your advantage. I think he's going to go for a backport, but I'm not so sure about that. Okay, here we go. Let's uh let's get some good trades in. I'll use my Eve as a as a way to like outplay his counter strike. There you go. We push him away and then we go for trades afterwards. So, every single time you see the counter-strike, you think he's going to use it, then you want to go in. Yep. And we got him. So, his counter strike was down for like another 5 seconds at the very least. So, all I had to do was go in with like super low health and then uh we try and beat him 1 v one. If the counter-strike is gone, you win. Just going to make sure we uh push this in in time. How many? >> Yeah. And now we go back. I'm not going to go for plates because I have to walk all the way up to that plates. It's not going to be worth it. Um, we just go back. In terms of the builds, we're going to go for the damage builds in this match. So, let's go for this one, this one, and then we go this one, and then we also go like one potion. Yeah. So, with Warick, uh, there's a lot of builds um that I have covered. Um, this is my own personal favorite build for Warwick for sure. Like all the other builds are great, don't get me wrong. They're all good in their own situation, but if you care about like maximum damage output, you want to 1v5 the match, this build is going to be the greatest for you um, easily. All right, let's see what we can do. Remember, Jax has Counter-Strike. We got to at least use my E to push him away from me, and then we go in for the fight afterwards. And we got to kind of predict when he's going to use it, too. Yep. No more counter-strike. So, now we go in because now we beat him. He's nowhere to go. Yep. See? So, when the counter strike runs out, you just win. There's no chance for that guy. Okay, now we're just chilling around for a bit. Let's pop this. Use my E at the perfect time. Check this out. I'm about to get my level up. And we're going to see if we can beat him. Unfortunately, not. I could have had him right there. I was choosing to go for the safe option with my alult. It's all right, though. Could have played that part slightly better myself. I would have had that kill for sure by playing it slightly differently. I could have auto himg Ignite earlier and then I would have would have had him. [clears throat] All right. Got more than double farm against that guy. He's already back. I'm just here for the plates. The jungle's in bot lane. That's really good to know. Come on. Give me the plates. There you go. We've got what we were looking for. Let's quickly go back. >> We don't necessarily need to go back if he's going to push it out really hard. If he's going to counter-strike the wave, I'm going to go in. >> Nope. Um, one thing also which I didn't show yet, you can also activate your W. Uh, let it link to your opponent. Use that as well. Um, it's not needed. It's really situational. It's all based on the situation a lot. All right, I'm trying not to cast E here cuz I'm trying to save it for mana. I have no mana for my alult anymore. There you go. Actually beaten that without even using my ultimate. Nice. Okay, let's get that next wave as well. And then we're going to go back. Very nice. >> Okay, now we go back. >> So, let's go ahead build into recurve bow. Also, the sustain as well. I would like to stay around, but I'm not going to do that, of course. Um, let's go for tier one boots. And we're going to run back. I could maybe activate my um or get a kill on the mid lane cuz it's being activated. Uh I think I might not be able to because Jax is pushing top lane out really hard at the moment. >> An enemy has been slain. >> Okay, here we go. >> An enemy has been slain. I'm going to hold this. This is really good to hold because we want to put Jax in the position where he must move forward. Yeah, I beat him again here. It's over for that guy. I don't even I don't even have to press the R button for that guy. He lost the counter-strike. I instantly win. I can use my ultimate later for the enemy jungler if he's going to decide to go top lane. Yeah, it's kind of dumb for that guy, man. I'm uh I'm really fed now. See how many plates I can get here. Very nice. I was going to get try and get that last hit, but never mind again. Oh, he actually go he actually went for the short trade and then just walked away. I just have about enough mana for my ultimate. Oh, he's trying to Okay, that's interesting. We got to push him out here. Never mind. We don't have to. Let's use my uh my healing at the end there. >> So, the only limitation I really had in this fight was the fact that I don't have any mana. Like, this fight would have been over long ago if I had mana. So, that's one thing you should always be careful about if you're playing Warwick in top lane. Your mana is a serious limitation. Um, but outside of that, like he's a great champ. You could in theory you could even go like Manflow in the runes, but it's not needed. That's why I haven't uh even shown that in the guide. But you could in theory do that, but I don't think you need to. If you manage the mana like really well, like that's not going to be a problem. We have five and0. Their junglers is mostly playing on bot lane the entire match. Push him away. We're going to go in here at least if he's going to allow it. Going to queue through him. It's fine if he gets away. Uh I think we can probably die from under tower like really easily. Maybe one Q is all we need. >> An en has been slain. >> I don't mind if I take damage. Like, it's fine with me. >> An ally has been slain. >> Got my teleport. >> Yep. Yeah. 100% dead. >> An ally has been slain. >> Okay. >> An ally has been slain. >> Let's push this out. I'm looking forward to the AoE as well. I'm going to try and push this uh under tower. >> An enemy has been slain. >> Yeah, there you go. Let's get that done. I want to be rotating to bot lane eventually trying to use my W for that guy. I haven't really selected my W on that Jax this uh in the entire match. There's just no need to destroy. Also quite lucky just no jungler at all in top lane right now. There's my jungler getting chased out, but think I might have to ult away possibly. No, there's no need to. Never mind. Okay. Yeah, we're going to go for the AoE. Going to grab that tat. Um, very cool question. Do you have the presence? Yes, I've got presence of mind. Yes, you need that 100%. With Warwick, you have to go presence of mind. If you don't do this, uh you're going to have so much more problems with attitude. Like way more. Okay, I got my W selected on the Y. I didn't activate it, but it's working on them already. Let's cast it. Whatever. Push him away from the the thing. Got it. Now I push mid lane next as well. So we can still select W as in like literally activating it, but there's just been no need to do that this game so far. Well, let's walk away. Actually, maybe don't need to. Yeah, I'm still going to walk away. This is not a good situation to be in. that was under my tower. So, if he kept going, he would have died. >> I could push him away with my E again cuz I have it available to me. Let's walk away from this. I want to go back top lane. Maybe teleport bot lane, by the way. I could possibly do this. I'm on the way. could maybe select my W on the ADC. >> Destroyed a turret. >> Uh, there's no need to. Yep. And uh, we can buy the next item already. We can go for the the Stridebreaker build now. >> Yep. Here we go. Okay. After the Stridebreaker builds, uh we will go ahead build into uh this item next for damage. Let's go mid lane. Drake's spawning up in like 8 seconds. Lost my teleport. My mid laner is pushing top lane out at the moment. So, we are just staying in mid lane. I'll be going bot lane or top lane eventually. Like with Warwick top lane, you want to split push in the game cuz that's going to make a massive difference. If you group a lot with Warwick, like that's not what you want to do. He's not designed for grouping that much. Like unless you're going for um so it's like the the goal with Warwick is you want to split push, get a 1 v one done. Um or you want to split push into a five against four. So you you want to focus on outnumbering the enemy team, not so much on grouping on its own. That's not the strength of Wick. You can start up a team fight. He's really good at doing that, but anything else you want to mainly like split push for him. Okay, we've got this guy 100%. [groaning] I don't even have to press R for this guy. >> No. Okay, let's push bot lane out. Let's go. Let's see if how many plates I can get here. Try and get >> two. Yeah, I've got what I'm looking for, dude. >> I'm going to rotate now. See if I can get something. >> Enemy triple kill. >> I can probably fix this. I think I probably can. Never mind. No, unfortunately I can't. And we're going to rotate again one more time. Well, before we do that, I'm going to get plates and then we rotate. We still need to complete my boots. That guy's 100% dead. It's connected to him. He's already low on health. I think I could probably press R across the wall there. Nah, never mind. I think I could, but I need my team here. Yeah, this guy's never mind. Wait, what? I tried to queue into him, like through him with my Q, but it failed, unfortunately. That would have been like a crazy play. That's fine. Whatever. Let's see. >> Your turret has destroyed. >> Yep. I'm going to go back. Complete boots. Go for damage. Most importantly, going to go for steel caps in this match. And then we go this one. All right, we moving in. Let's grab that Jax here. I'm going to chase him down, of course. Yeah, 100% dead. Nice try, buddy. Let's grab the next wave, too. Probably going to try and grab the tower as well. We got the Drake coming up in like 1 minute 30 as well. That's nice. We'll try and get more plates, of course, cuz two of them are in mid lane, two of them are top lane, so should be able to grab this without any problems. Nice turn. Unfortunately, I had to walk out of tower range first before I could dodge the yon. Okay. Yep. We have all the damage we need. My mid lane is going to have to be little little bit careful, man. Kindred gold down. The next item we go for is going to be really simple. We're going to go for the stairs gauge and then after that we go for the experimental hex blade. And that's going to be the entire build. >> Enemy double kill. >> We got Drake coming up in 15. ADC is in top lane. So this one should be easy to grab. The jungler is dead though, which is a problem, but I think we can still start it. They are full AD, so we could actually build armor towards the end as well. >> Got my old coming up in 12. Very good. I think I could connect this. This is like one of the crazy plays you can make if you were uh playing Warwick. Man, this this is one of the greatest things. Like you could you could press the R button, you uh charge your E and then like get right behind them by queuing through them. Quite similar to how a leim a leim player would like kick an enemy towards you. It's like the same concept. I think we could probably do this. I'm just going to start it then. The Jax is in bot lane, so Just need my entire team to rotate. We got to do it faster, man. Yeah, there you go. That's going to make a difference. An ally has been slain. like to turn this possibly, but I don't think that I could. >> Let's walk back to safety. >> Okay, next item. We go for uh staircase the way they are. Again, they're full ads, so we could in theory go armor, but I don't think we have to yet. We don't have to yet. Let's make a play here. I don't have ult, but at the same time, I also don't think I need it. >> Oh, he knows. I wonder if I could connect this one to the ADC. No. Surprised we couldn't actually catch that guy. We would >> I was going to again I was going to queue through that with my E as well. >> Yep. >> Maybe tower is the answer here cuz we got the entire wave here already. They're going to have to defend this. That Yona is playing it quite safe. I was hoping Eva was going to go in, but he didn't. [groaning and screaming] >> Very nice. the timing. I actually needed this flash, but whatever. I have my ult coming up in 2 seconds. This match should not be this hard though. Shouldn't be this hard. They have a lot of anti-heal in their comp, but we should be stronger than them. They're mostly grouping way more than we do. [snorts] I think if we just group with like five people, that's it. I don't think it matters that my mid laner is like not a champion. Like my my mid laner is super far behind, but it shouldn't like determine the fight. Elite is like big enough. 35 seconds for Drake. >> Let's go. Would be nice if we could have people in mid lane. Then we can rotate for the Drake afterwards. Oh, my Brier is not looking. Yeah, Brier was not looking, man. They quite literally just run into him and they get him. H unfortunate. Okay, walk out of safe position here. Nice. >> Just have to keep kiting them. That's it. Maybe now we can >> we have another one. >> Yep. Another one. Double kill. I don't think I could chase that guy down, so I'm just going to walk away from it. Let's check and see if he's going to walk through. No, I don't think so. Okay, that leaves us with one more item that we can buy. And you obviously probably know what that's going to be. We're going to go into this one. And uh we also have one more thing. We can replace my boost and get something else. >> Although I'm thinking about keeping the steel caps for a while. Let's grab the next wave too. Baron spawning in 15. I need the Brier to move as well. There's actually an AD carry here. >> Okay, >> that's solid, man. Okay, this is actually working. We don't even need to go Baron. Just need the Brier destroyed. I personally think we could have probably ended the entire match if we had everybody grouped. But it's okay. We can just take the baron. We can just go mid lane again. >> Yep. There was their ultimate. So they don't have that anymore. Okay, I'm ready. I'll buy a potion for this moment because I think this is where the the entire match is going to end. An enemy has been slain. >> Yeah, this is fine. >> Yep. Yeah, this match is over, man. >> We can uh we can end this match. An enemy has been slain. >> A summoner has disconnected. >> Crazy match, but we win here cuz the support is not able to defend this. Of course. [groaning] He doesn't deal any damage. >> Yep. Hey, this is uh Warwick top lane. Thank you so much for watching today's Warick video, and I'll see you guys next time. Peace.
