Title: Everyone Mocked D-Class Racing Mecha Girl He Signed, Yet He Evolved Her Into Track-Ruling SSS Queen!
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6JWnUVxPE0

Content:
A catgirl with exquisite features stood before the man. Her long silver white hair cascaded down her shoulders and a pair of cat ears stood upright on her head. Her pale blue eyes trembled slightly, and her tight-fitting racing suit perfectly outlined her stunning figure. Shing bit her lip, her expression timid, but she still mustered the courage to look at Suchin and said softly but firmly, "I I don't want to be abandoned again. I want to become stronger. Please form a contract with me and let me become your Mecca girl, my master. Upon hearing Shings words, Such Chin's heart pounded wildly, and he was so excited he could barely contain his smile. The day he would have his own personal Mecca girl had finally arrived. He's about to live the blissful life of driving during the day and sleeping with his catgirl at night. Suchin was originally just the top racing car modifier on Earth. But due to an accident, he was transported to this alien world where Mecca girls and racing cars reign supreme. Here, Mecca Girls can transform into various supercars. And there are also ranking differences between them. Their ranks from lowest to highest are Dank, Cank, Bank, A rank, Srank, and even the legendary SSS rank. Everyone has the opportunity to contract their own Mecca girl and become her sole and exclusive pilot. They can then participate in national racing competitions, vying against countless top drivers for the ultimate championship and the chance to win immense wealth and unparalleled glory. Su Chen's greatest advantage lies in the top modification skills he accumulated in his previous life. While helping Shing Ming with free modifications after his transmigration, he unexpectedly activated his own cheatlike ability. Talent Hand of God. This ability allows him to personally modify any Mecca girl, enhance their core performance, greatly improve their attributes and potential, and even break through their original level limits. However, Hashino's initial rank was only the weakest dank Mecca girl. Her former owner only used her to pass the pilot test. After successfully obtaining the qualification, he abandoned her without hesitation and turned to contract a new highle Mecca girl, even forcibly taking away her core. That's why Shing ended up on the streets. Suchin met her by chance and learned about her plight. At that moment, he instantly realized that his opportunity had arrived. He wants to form a contract with Shing and become her only exclusive driver. Then using his talent and past life experience, he will personally recreate a brand new core for her, nurturing this D-class Mecca girl who is looked down upon by everyone step by step into the top SSS class Mecca girl. Not only that, he also wants to continue to contract more powerful Mecca girls, build his own strongest Mecca girl fleet, and live a life where the Mecca girls have to lean against the wall every night. He will sweep through the underground racing scene and dominate the national league, leaving all other racers in awe of his presence. Ultimately, he will become the strongest Mecca girl racer in this other world. Suchin suppressed his excitement, stared at the girl in front of him for a while, and suddenly smiled and said, "Do you remember what you told me before?" Before Shing could speak, he deliberately used a high-pitched voice, mimicking Shings tone, and said, "Hey, boss, if the pilot doesn't want me anymore in the future, but you still think I'm good, I hope to become your Mecca girl." Shing Ming froze. Two faint flames instantly lit up in her beautiful eyes, as if someone had lit a torch in the long dark night. But the flames still flickered precariously, as if they would be extinguished at the slightest touch. But but I'm just a D-class Mecca girl. She lowered her head and whispered. A Mecca girl like me. Suchin slowly stood up and walked to Shiming. Perhaps he could indeed find even better Mecca girls. But as a top term, he had seen far too many race cars on the verge of being scrap transformed in his hands. When others choose Mecca girls, they only look at performance and level. But Suchin is different because he always believes that what is truly powerful is never the machine itself, but the person who gives it a soul. The next second, a hand gently landed on Shings head. That gentle touch seemed to melt away all her unease. Shing Mming subconsciously squinted her eyes, trying to resist the urge to rub against the palm, but the tail behind her was already swaying slightly uncontrollably. Such Chen's cheerful voice reached her ears. I thought you were pretty good. Be my Mecca girl. For a long time afterward, Shing Mang always remembered this day. The wind in the woods was as gentle as cotton. Sunlight filtered through the branches and leaves, casting a faint golden edge on Such Chin. The smile, backlit, was hard to see clearly, but the voice was clear and firm, as if even the sunlight had gained warmth. But I'll hold you back. Shing Ming lowered her head, her voice growing softer and softer. She suddenly remembered when she signed the temporary contract with Wong Ting. Back then, Wong Ting was just as warm and sincere as Suchin was now. At first, when she lost a match, her opponent would patiently comfort her. But as she suffered more and more defeats, that so-called gentleness gradually turned into a stabbing knife. "That's not quite right," Suchin said, stroking his chin. Can Mecca girls be upgraded? I remember that to upgrade from Dank to C rank, you only need to meet the attribute requirements and add a star element of the corresponding attribute. Is that difficult to integrate into this world as quickly as possible? Suchin had previously learned some basic knowledge about Mecca girls. Although it was only superficial, he still knew some of the basic rules. It's very difficult. Hino pouted, feeling wronged. If the attributes meet the requirements, you have to keep modifying them. The higher the level of the Mecca girl, the lower the modification cost. For a deer rank Mecca girl like me, modification will cost a lot of money. Furthermore, star coins are only a competition reward. You can only get them by achieving a high ranking in official competitions. Someone like me, a deer rank mecha girl, would definitely be at the bottom in any slightly formal competition. By the end, Shing Mings voice was almost inaudible. She suddenly felt utterly worthless. It wasn't that she didn't want to become Such Chen's Mecca girl. She was just afraid of disappointing the man who had been willing to help her again. "Oh, so you're worried about spending money?" Such Chen's eyes darted around, and he immediately leaned closer, a smile on his face as he began to try and persuade him. Actually, you don't need to worry about that at all. I'm a professional car modification technician. I can tell you very clearly that modifications are not as expensive as people say. The market price is at least 10 times higher. As a modifier, I get the lowest prices for materials from insiders. Don't worry, it'll be fine. Really? Shining looked up, staring expectantly at Suchin. Her little hands nervously twisted the hem of her clothes. She actually had no idea about modification costs. She only knew that Suchin had given her a part for free before. Maybe it really doesn't cost much for a Ma to modify their own Mecca girl. Of course, it's true. Suchin immediately straightened his back, his face full of righteous indignation. Comrade Shing Ming, the value of a driver lies in constantly winning championships on the track. Then, do you know what the value of a car modification engineer is? Shing stared blankly at Suchin, tilting her head. I don't know. Of course, it's about making the Mecca girls stronger and stronger. Suchin patted Shing Ming on the shoulder and continued to coax her. Do you feel a greater sense of accomplishment in transforming an A-rank Mecca girl into an SSS rank one? Or do you feel a greater sense of accomplishment in transforming a D-rank Mecca girl into an SSS rank one? Shing Ming thought about it seriously for a long time. After a while, she cautiously said, "Isn't it more satisfying to train a D rank to an SSS rank?" "Yes, that's it." Such Chin seized the opportunity to grasp Shings cool, soft hand, forcing their eyes to meet. "So, comrade Shing, are you willing to work hard for my ideals?" "Meow?" Shing Mings pretty face flushed instantly, and she subconsciously turned her head away. The man in front of her was far too enthusiastic. His burning gaze like flames was overwhelming, making her completely unable to meet his eyes. I I don't really have any objections, Shing Ming muttered softly. She had always felt that she was dispensable to Suchin, but now she suddenly realized that Suchin seemed to really need her. This feeling of being needed helped her regain a little bit of her confidence. Of course, I won't mind. Such Chin was overjoyed. He had finally tricked this little kitten girl into his hands. A wolf-like smile appeared on his face as he needed Shings soft little hands and asked, "But how exactly do you Mecca girls form contracts?" 10 minutes later, Shing gave Suchin a brief explanation. There are three types of Mecca Girl contracts. The first is the most basic temporary written contract. The second is a more advanced bond contract. The third is the highest level, a mental contract. The three contracts differ greatly. The first type can be terminated at any time. Neither the pilot nor the Mecca girl needs a reason or bears any responsibility. Whether the relationship can be maintained depends entirely on the mutual consent of both parties. The second type is more complex. Termination of the contract requires a valid reason such as the Mecca girl becoming unusable or the pilot being unable to continue competing. Furthermore, in most cases, it is also tied to a club agreement. As for the third type that requires the Mecca girl to sign entirely voluntarily, and once signed, it can never be dissolved. It's equivalent to the Mecca girl completely surrendering herself to the pilot. Only with absolute trust in the other party will the Mecca girl be willing to sign such a contract. Suchin didn't think too much about it. He felt that signing the first option was already quite good. As for the third option, he'd deal with it later when they developed a better relationship. Haste makes waste. At the car modification shops cashier, the two sat facing each other. The atmosphere serious yet strangely comical. That shing thing, Suchin said earnestly. I've thought about it and signing the first option is actually fine, too. That way, you'll have more freedom. If I ever do anything wrong in the future, you can leave anytime, although I think that's impossible. Hey, why are you crying? Before she could finish speaking, Shing Mings eyes were already completely red. Signed the first option. Is it so we can easily get rid of me later? Like that driver before? Suchin panicked. That's not what I meant at all. Then let's just sign the second option. Actually, what he really wanted to sign was the third option, a cowgirl who could transform into a supercar. Just thinking about it was exciting. But he also knew that such a thing was simply unrealistic right now. After all, they had only known each other for a few days. Because Suchin didn't join a club, the process was actually much simpler. He only needed to take Shing Ming to the local machine protection association to register and sign a contract. There's only one machine protection association in Bingjo city and it's conveniently located near the Star Crown League Academy. After a brief greeting to the construction site owner, Suchin left with Shing. The owner didn't seem to mind. In his opinion, Suchin was simply showing off his Mecca girl. After all, he was young. If he had owned a Mecca girl when he was younger, he probably would have dragged every dog on the street over to show it off. The Mecca Girl Protection Association, MYIPA, is primarily responsible for managing type two and type three contracts, as well as resolving disputes between Mecca Girls and pilots. Of course, all of this is contingent on both parties signing a type two or higher contract. If it's only a type one temporary contract, the MIPA generally won't intervene. The signing process wasn't complicated. Suchin first signed the electronic agreement. Then Shing Ming saved the electronic agreement information. Finally, Suchin only needed to register his fingerprint at the location above Shing Mings tail. That area was similar to the startup core of a Mega Girl. The data entry is complete and the contract is officially established. From this day forward, no one but Suchin will be able to pilot the Star Dream. The entire process took less than 10 minutes. It was incredibly smooth. At the entrance of the Mecca Protection Association, Such Chin solemnly extended his hand to Shing Mang. "From now on, you will be my Mecca girl." Such Chens Mecca girl. "Nice to meet you," Shing Mang replied, her head bowed, her small feet lightly shuffling on the ground. This was also the first time she had signed a second tight bond contract with someone else. She cautiously reached out, gently grasping only one of Su Chens fingers. Her fluffy catters stood up high. Yet her voice remained soft and small. I'm sorry. Oh no, thank you. Please, please take care of me, master. The instant those soft English words fell, a second star suddenly lit up in Such Chen's mind. Talent unlocked. Eye of God. Chapter 8. The Eye of God. The Eye of God. The previous talent. The hand of God already granted Suchin the ability to modify Coors himself. Could this eye of God grant him X-ray vision? Suchin subconsciously looked towards Shingi. H the X-ray vision hadn't appeared, but the next second a virtual light screen appeared in his field of vision. Mecha girl information name star dream star emblem radiant team buff type speed 47 cornering 54 stability 42 burst 35 endurance 51 modification core non-current level d special talents one not activated two catgirl appearance specialization three silent action frequency 5%. So that's how it is. This is the power of the eye of god. It allows Suchin to directly see the detailed information of the Mecca girls. At this moment, there were still quite a few Mecca girls coming and going at the entrance of the Mecca Protection Association. Suchin casually turned his gaze to another Mecca girl. Name: Golden Falcon Star emblem flowing flame speed type speed 57 cornering 43 stability 52 burst 45 endurance 47 modification core great thunder number one white current rank D+ huchin blinked immediately noticing something that caught his attention the thunder module one. How could the modification core he personally crafted for Shing Ming be on this Mecca girl named Golden Falcon? Such Chin was about to turn around and ask Shing Ming when he found her already hiding behind him with her head down. She was clutching his clothes tightly, wishing she could disappear into his shadow. Shing Ming, what's wrong? Such Chen's gaze lingered briefly on the man and woman beside Jin Jun before he quickly looked at his Mecca girl with concern. Are you feeling unwell, master? Let's go. Shing Mming bit her lip tightly. She clearly wanted to appear carefree and strong, but her voice trembled uncontrollably like a leaf falling in the autumn wind. That woman, isn't she Wang Tinging, your former driver? From Shing Mings reaction, Suchin had already guessed what was going on. His eyes instantly turned cold. She abandoned you, and then she even took your modification core. Shing Ming lowered her head and remained silent. Her cat ears and tail drooped listlessly. This silence was tantamount to acquiescence. This is outrageous, Suchin said, a cold glint in his eyes. He turned his head and saw that the two people and the Mecca girl had already entered the Mecca Protection Association. But Suchin had no intention of letting it go so easily. He grabbed Shings hand and chased after them. Shing Ming was being pulled forward by him, her mind instantly turning into a jumbled mess. Master, what? What are you going to do? What? Suchin didn't turn around, his voice chillingly cold. I'm going to [ __ ] her. Inside the machine repair association, shouting, "If I remember correctly, that machine girl from earlier, wasn't it your old one?" The blond-haired guy next to Wangting suddenly asked, "I think her name was Shing." This blond-haired guy was Lin Hyun. He was one of Wong Tings financial backers over the years. Linhai Jun paid for a third of the money she spent on the golden falcon. I think so. Oh dear, I didn't even notice. Wanting said with a fake smile. Actually, she had seen it already, but she just didn't want to admit it. In her opinion, having ever piloted a useless Mecca girl like Star Dream was a dark chapter in her life. So, she quickly changed the subject, saying sweetly, "Brother Lynn, where's the basic star essence you prepared for me? I did everything you asked of me last night, so you can'tt go back on your word. Looking at Wong Tings coetish appearance, Lin Hyun felt a sudden itch in his heart. He knew, of course, that Wong Ting wasn't a good woman, but he just happened to like her for that reason. Anyway, it wasn't like he was marrying her. If she was just a girlfriend to have fun with, she was indeed very suitable. Don't worry, Linhai Jun casually put his arm around Wang Tinging waist and said with a leerous grin, "Isn't there an underground competition in Binghas city recently, the prize for the top three is a beginner level star element of their choice? I remember Jan Juns star emblem is flowing flame, right? I'll get Jan Jun a beginner level flowing flame star element then, and I guarantee she'll advance to sea level smoothly." "Brother Lynn, you're so kind." Winging beamed and kissed Lynn. Hi Jun on the neck. Just as the two were each harboring their own secrets and their minds were wandering, a tall imposing figure with a cold expression suddenly blocked their path. Lin Hyun was already 1.78 m tall, but this man was a head taller than him. The oppressive aura emanating from above instantly sent a chill down Linhuns spine. The newcomer was none other than Suchin. Shing Ming followed closely behind him. She clung tightly to Suchin's arm. only half her head peeking out. Her bewildered expression made her look like a terrified little rabbit. "Hand over the modification core," Suchin said coldly, getting straight to the point. "Modification core? What modification core?" Waning was taken aback at first, staring at Suchun and Shing for a while before quickly realizing what he meant. "Yo, Shing, just found a sucker and you can't wait to have him back up for you. A good for nothing a slap. Before Wong Ting could finish speaking, Suchin slapped her back. Linhun, standing nearby, immediately took a step back in fright and shouted at the top of her lungs, "What are you doing? What are you doing? Stop. If you hit my girlfriend again, I'll call the police." "Shut up!" Suchin raised his hand and gave him a cold look. "If you say another word, I'll hit you, too." No. Linhai Jun took another step back. You hit my girlfriend, so you can't hit me anymore. Such Chin was momentarily stunned by his reaction. The slap had made quite a commotion. A crowd of onlookers quickly gathered. Winging covered half her face, her head ringing from the blow. It took her a while to regain focus on Such Chen's face. The next second, she screamed, "You hit me. How dare you hit me? I'm calling the police. I'm notifying the police right now. You're calling the police, huh? Suchin didn't waste any words with her and walked straight to Gene Jun. To Gene Juns astonishment, he raised his hand and made a sweeping motion. The next second, he exercised his primary control as a modifier, pulling the great thunder number one modification core from Gene Juns body. Go and call them. Suchin raised his right hand, looking at Winging with a cold smile. This modification core was lent to Shing by me. You abandoned Shing, and now you've taken the core I lent her for yourself. You're robbing a modification engineer, aren't you? I'd like to see whether the guards arrest you or me when they arrive. At this moment, the modified core was hovering at Such Chen's fingertip, slowly rotating on its own. All the star element patterns on the core's surface lit up, directly entering developer mode. This proved that Suchin was indeed the true creator of this modified core. You You're the modifier of this core. Wingings expression changed slightly. Looking at the modifier core that had entered developer mode, her tone softened considerably. But wasn't this modifier core bought by Shing? How did it become borrowed? Still not giving up? Suchin snapped his fingers. The next second, an electronic voice immediately sounded from the modified core. Purchase agreement signing status not signed. The reason he was able to pull the core out of the Golden Falcon was because he exercised the developer's primary control. If a formal purchase agreement had already been signed for this core, then Such Chen's force repossession at this moment would be a serious violation of the law and could even result in imprisonment. But Shing Ming had run off in such a hurry that day that she hadn't had time to sign the purchase agreement. In other words, this modified course still belongs to Suchin from beginning to end. He has the right to take it back at any time. Wanting was completely dumbfounded. She originally thought she had gotten a great deal, but she never expected that it was a ticking time bomb. This kind of modification core, which provides a significant boost to a specific attribute while only slightly reducing other attributes, would be considered top tier regardless of its grade. She was thinking at the time, how could Shing Ming, that good for nothing, be so lucky? She actually managed to get such a suitable modification core after just one trip. But right now, she desperately needs this core. She needs it to prepare for the upcoming city championship. After equipping this modified core, Gene Falcon's attributes are just a hair's breath away from advancing to C rank. Only by successfully reaching C rank can she have a chance to shine in the city championship. But if they lost this core, finding another modification course so perfectly suited to the Golden Falcon would be virtually impossible. Thinking this, Wongqings attitude softened instantly, even becoming somewhat pleading. Master modifier, there might be a misunderstanding between us. I genuinely didn't know this modification core was borrowed. How about this? Name your price now and I'll buy it right away. At first, she thought Suchin was just a new driver Shing Ming had found. But now that she knew Suchin was a modifier, she immediately dismissed that idea. In her opinion, Hashino definitely couldn't afford the modification cores, so she had no choice but to bring this modifier alone. After all, modifiers rarely drive themselves, let alone be interested in a derank Mecca girl like Hosino. Because modifiers know best just how troublesome it is to modify a low-ranked Mecca girl like Hosino. Is this modification core very important to you? Suchin weighed the core in his hand. Juan Tinging immediately nodded eagerly. Very important. Okay. The smile on Such Chen's face vanished instantly. The next second he clenched his fist tightly. Crack. When he released his palm again, the modified core had shattered into countless fragments, clattering and falling to the ground. Then it dissolved into specks of light and vanished completely. A deathly silence fell over the surroundings. Everyone stared in disbelief at the scene until Such Chen's icy voice broke the silence. I'd rather smash it than sell it to you, idiot. Chapter 9. and see you on the field." The silence lasted only a moment before the scene erupted in chaos. That was a modification core, one of the most important resources for Mecca Girls. Even if it was only white quality, it was already considered decent equipment for Winging and Shing Ming, who had just graduated with a market price of at least 20,000 to 30,000 reincarnation yan. Those who can get into the League Academy usually come from wealthy families, but it still hurts to see graduates spend so much money on a core. Maintaining Mecca girls is expensive, and saving money requires cutting back on expenses. Many pilots can't bear to see their Mecca girls suffer. Yet, this very core was crushed by Suchin in front of everyone. Shing Ming watched as the core shattered, her heart sinking. She instinctively felt the loss was immense, unaware that Suchin lacked the necessary license, meaning the item was unsellable in the first place. Are you crazy? Wanting completely broke down, pointing at Suchin and yelling, "If you don't want to sell it, fine. But is this necessary? Is she worth this? You're not her driver?" Suchin looked at her calmly, his tone not harsh, but unusually firm. I am the pilot of Shing. Moreover, we signed a bond contract. Upon hearing this, Wang Tinging was stunned, and it took her a while to recover before she couldn't help but sneer. What are you after? She's just a D-class car, she doesn't even qualify for the city championship. And even if she equips a core, she might not even reach C-class. Why would you contract her? These words were like cold water poured over Shingi. She panicked and stumbled backward, almost slipping and falling. But Suchin caught her. Who said she can participate? Suchin said coldly. Even without a natural SSS level, a D-Level can be trained. I will take her to the city championship. In his eyes, there are no useless cars, only whether the materials and technology are in place. Given the right conditions, he could even modify a rocket. Winging laughed in exasperation. Fine, I'll be waiting to see you on the field. Don't let yourself be denied entry to the stands. We will definitely participate," Suchin said as if stating a fact. Shing Ming gripped his hand tightly, looking up at his retreating figure, her heart surging with not only gratitude but also guilt. She suddenly realized that she shouldn't back down anymore. She stopped trembling and looked directly at Wong Tinging for the first time, her eyes filled with burning rage, not fear. Wong Ting, you bastard. Well see you on the field. With that, she hoisted the still dazed such chin onto her shoulder. Master, let's go. After the two left, Wingning finally snapped out of her humiliation, covering her swollen face and muttering. He's just a lousy modifier. What's with all the arrogance? She had originally only wanted to achieve a decent result, but now she had changed her mind. She wanted to break into the top three. If she made it into the top three of the city championship, a mere white core modifier would be utterly insignificant. She grabbed Linhuns arm, her voice filled with grievance. Brother Lynn, you have to help me get a ranking, otherwise I'll be too ashamed to face anyone. Linhun nodded quickly. Don't worry, I'll help you get the flowing flame star essence. Once the golden falcon reaches sirank, I'll get you a green core. We don't want that white trash. Wanting snuggled closer, feigning affection, but secretly vowing revenge. Once she became a star driver in Bingjo, she would make sure Such Chen's shop disappeared completely. The price for her threats soon came knocking. On the sky track, Shing Ming clutched her head and banged on the window repeatedly, her face full of regret. "Master, I'm sorry. I was too impulsive. If I don't make it to the competition, I'll be laughed at for the rest of my life, and I'll have wasted your core. Stop talking nonsense. Suchin rolled his eyes and straightened her up. Answer me first. Who am I? You are a master and your profession driver. No, you are my master. Suchin was speechless and sighed. I am a modifier. Do you think I would lack a core? If it's ruined, it's ruined. I'll just go back and make another one, he said casually. As for pressure, where does motivation come from without pressure? Let's work together from now on. Shing was encouraged and nodded, clenching her fist. Let's do it. But she quickly added with a question. But isn't the core difficult to make? The failure rate is quite high, right? Suchin was taken aback. He had never failed in creating core components, but this was difficult to explain. Don't worry, I have plenty of materials, he said seriously. though his inventory was actually running low. But he always believed in one thing. Take it one step at a time and keep people calm first. For Suchin, the most exhilarating thing was seeing his personally modified race car leave everyone else in the dust on the track. So when Shing Ming became his Mecca girl, all he could think about was how to make her wow everyone. But reality was harsh. To participate in the city championship, the Mecca girl had to reach Cank. Star Dream is currently only at D rank. To upgrade to C rank, not only does it need to meet one performance standard, but it also needs the corresponding primary star element. Star dreams attribute is radiance, which means it needs to obtain radiance star element first. At this moment, Shing Ming was happily drinking her orange flavored nutritional supplement, swinging her little feet back and forth, completely unaware of the seriousness of the situation. Suchin glanced at her, quickly, looked away, silently told himself to stay calm, and then began to organize his thoughts. He wrote down his plan on the paper. First, prepare multiple modification schemes, prioritizing improving the cornering attributes to a passing grade. Second, go to the racing network to find open races with star coin rewards, modify the tracks accordingly, and ensure I can get radiant star coins. He paused, then added the most important point. Even after transmigrating, I still have to take a driving test. Chapter 10 second modification. Master, this feels a bit strange. Meow. That's how modifications are. You'll get used to it, but it's a little embarrassing. Stop talking nonsense. Let's begin. Night fell through the window into the modification room, casting dappled light and shadow. Star Dream transformed into a race car, lifted by the jack, its four wheels suspended in the air. Such Chin, flashlight and wrench in hand, inspected the car with focused attention, a stark contrast to his usual nonchilon demeanor. As he observed, he said, "I noticed your tires were inadequate last time. Since you're going to race, you need at least semi-slick tires. Changing them will definitely improve your cornering performance." His tone was calm yet confident. Tires may seem insignificant, but they directly affect grip and cornering performance. Good tires can also enhance the driving experience. Although Su Chun is an average driver, he has a good eye for modifications and knows what's best for Shing Ming. Should we change the tires? Meow. Shings voice was a little nervous. Of course, Su Chin had already begun disassembling, casually releasing the tire pressure with practiced ease. He kept the rims, but couldn't worry about maintenance for the time being. He noticed that even after the tires were removed, there was still a faint photon connection between the wheels and the vehicle body. In other words, in Mecca girl form, these parts still had tactile sensation and could even be sensed from a distance. This gas was quickly confirmed. As the tire changer separated the tire bead, Shing Ming suddenly let out a soft cry like a kitten whose tail had been stepped on. Does it hurt? Suchin stopped and looked at her in the cockpit. Shing Ming lowered her head, her face slightly flushed. It doesn't hurt. Meow. It's just cool. Which is strange. That's good. Suchin continued operating the machine, casually asking. Which part of you corresponds to the wheel? Your butt? No. Meow. She bristled. Is it your head? Your ribs? It's your feet? Your toes? Meow. I get it. Like a human taking off their shoes. Suchin smiled and the atmosphere relaxed. He swapped an X1 semi-slick tires he'd salvaged from a junkyard. These tires offered performance close to high-end street tires at a very low price, making it a bargain. For his current circumstances, it was already quite good. Changing tires was just repetitive work for Suchin, but for Shing, it was a completely different story. Her mind went blank. She only felt the wheel being repeatedly removed and reinstalled, followed by the warm tire bead enveloping her, which surprisingly felt somewhat comfortable. After what seemed like an eternity, Such Chen knocked on the car window. "All done changed." "So fast," Meow? An hour ago? He raised an eyebrow. "You seem to be enjoying it." "And no, no, Meow." She quickly denied, but Suchin didn't stop. He realized that the modification core hadn't been generated yet, meaning the conditions weren't right. Recalling last time, it seemed that two parts had to be modified simultaneously to trigger it. He went back to the warehouse and retrieved materials, using the remaining ABS sheets to make the front lip and rear wing. Both of these can increase downforce and improve grip, but may sacrifice speed. It's a trade-off. At 9:00 p.m., the parts were completed and installed. The Star Dream was noticeably more adapted this time. With the installation finished, the wheels, front lip, and rear wing transformed into points of light, coalesing into a white green hexahedron. The modification core was generated. Suchin picked up the core, and information appeared. Improved cornering and stability, but reduced speed, plus additional special effects. He glanced at it, his gaze lingering on Ching Ming for a moment, lost in thought. The name will be Black Silk Thunder number two modification core. He nodded in satisfaction. He then frowned. What does sensitivity of special areas plus one mean? He looked at Shing, his expression serious. Practice is the only true test. As a modifier, he felt it necessary to study this carefully. Chapter 11, a feast for the eyes. Master, after assembling this module, I feel a little strange. Shing Ming stood under the light. Her long black stocking legs slightly together, her high heels lightly touching the ground, making her exceptionally pleasing to the eye. Her previously flat chest had gained a bit more curve, making it hard to look away. Suchin looked her up and down and couldn't help but ask, "What's strange?" Those fluffy ears and tails swayed back and forth, making one's hands itch. He secretly admired the Mecca girl's appearance. "My feet are a little numb." Ching carefully took a step. her high heels making a crisp sound on the floor, but she blushed and trembled slightly. Uggh. Meow. Suchin immediately understood that her sensitive spot was amplified on the soles of her feet, which was unexpected but reasonable. Any other sensations? He continued. Shing closed her eyes and swung her fist after sensing it. My strength has increased and my chest feels heavy. Meow. Suchin thought to himself. The improvement was indeed obvious, but the Mecca girl's own perception wasn't clear enough. Suchin said seriously, "There might be a problem with your feet. Go sit down. I'll check for you." Shing, without a second thought, obediently sat down and took off her shoes, revealing her small feet encased in black stockings. Suchin squatted down to observe, inwardly marveling at the peculiar structure of the Mecca girl. Just as he was about to touch and examine her, Shing Ming suddenly screamed, her leg tensing abruptly as she kicked out. With a loud thud, Suchin was sent flying, tumbling through the air before crashing heavily into a corner. "Master," Shing Ming was terrified and rushed over. It was a complete reflex. Her feet were overly sensitive, and the slightest touch felt like an electric shock. The Mecca girl's strength far surpassed that of an ordinary person, making that kick incredibly powerful. She knelt beside Suchin, her voice trembling with tears. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to." Suchin, pale-faced, lay on her lap, struggling to hold up his phone. "Quickly, call an ambulance for me." The next morning, Suchin stood at the hospital entrance, still somewhat dazed. He touched his intact chin, incredulous. It's healed so quickly. Shing Mang carrying fruit asked him curiously. A fracture healed so fast. Suchin was shocked. Shing Mang nodded. It's a minor injury, but it hurt a lot. I'm sorry. I promise I'll bear it next time and won't kick you. Suchin sighed helplessly. He really couldn't blame her. The Mecca girl couldn't intentionally harm the pilot except for conditioned reflexes. Ultimately, it was his own fault for being impulsive and underestimating Shings power. He silently moved half a step to the side, maintaining a safe distance. "Where did the medical expenses come from?" Suchin asked. Shing explained that Mecca girl owners receive a free number of injuries per year and even more after becoming a pilot. Suchin couldn't help but sigh. The world truly treated pilots generously. "What's next?" Meow? Shing Ming asked. Suchin pondered. He had no more money to modify the car. What he needed to do now was to convert the existing upgrades into profits, and the prerequisite was to qualify for the new century. He waved his hand. Let's go. Let's take the driving test. There are two types of driver's licenses in this world. One is a regular driver's license, which can be obtained in as little as one day. The other is a special driver's license for Mecca girls which requires completing a track test also which can be completed in one day. The test track is 10 km long, narrow and only allows one vehicle to pass at a time. Participants must complete it within a specified time without any collisions otherwise they fail immediately. It's quite challenging. The driving school in Bingjo city is like a waiting hall bustling with people mostly young students. Such Chen was Shiming and Toto appears slightly older in line. He noticed the electronic map on the lobby wall displaying information about various competitions. Most were ordinary exchange races, not particularly difficult, designed for trainees and drivers to earn prize money and improve their skills. But one competition stood out. The city center underground tunnel open race broadcast live and offering generous rewards. It was tonight. Such Chen's eyes narrowed. The rewards for this competition included basic star essence, which was exactly what Star Dream needed to advance to sea level. This opportunity was right in front of him. He couldn't miss it. He clenched his fist. His mind focused on only one thing. He had to pass the pilot's assessment on the first try. Chapter 12. Such Chen's catapult start. The instructor checked the system records and found no record of Such Chen's learning. He couldn't help but scrutinize him and Shing Mang already considering him a second generation rich kid just dabbling in driving. Mecca girls are expensive to begin with and those with beast ears are even more overpriced. Suchin however didn't seem to care, smiling and saying that although he hadn't attended driving school, he could pass the test through self-study. This world only cares about exam results. Teaching isn't mandatory, but very few people can pass through self-study. The coach, too lazy to persuade him further, handed over the registration form and explained the rules. The fee was 100 yuan, non-refundable. Basic certificates were awarded every 2 weeks and professional certificates every 3 months. Suchin simply signed, paid, and followed the coach into the training ground with Shing Ming curiously following along. She had never seen Suchin drive, only knowing that he was very good to her and she could accept it even if his skills were mediocre. The instructor led him to three training vehicles, letting him choose between a mag lev train, an electric car, and a gasoline car, and reminded him that the gasoline car was the most difficult and was basically eliminated, not recommended for beginners. Suchun looked around. The mag lev train was undeniably high-tech, but he preferred the feel of an internal combustion engine. And the star dream structure was similar to a gasoline car. So he said directly, "I choose the gasoline car." The instructor confirmed it again and seeing his insistence didn't try to persuade him further. He sat in the passenger seat already prepared to give him a low score. Suchin gripped the steering wheel, a sense of familiarity washing over him. Although he wasn't a professional racer in his previous life, he was a cartooner with a deep understanding of driving, making him a seasoned, technically skilled driver. While inspecting the car, he casually inquired about his driver's license level, but the instructor impatiently asserted that he'd be lucky to pass. Suchin didn't argue, simply asking calmly, "Instructor, are you ready?" The words had barely left his lips when the engine roared to life. The car vibrating instantly. The clutch engaged. The revs surged to 4,000 revolutions per minute. The turbocharger screeched and the car roared like a beast awakened from its slumber. The instructor's face pald before he could stop him. Suchin had already begun the countdown. 3 2 1. The clutch snapped back, the accelerator slammed on, and the tires screeched against the pavement. In less than a second, the revs surged to the red line and the training car launched like a cannonball. Suchin quickly shifted into second gear, the power continuing to surge and the car shot straight out of the starting line. His eyes were fixed on the track, his emotions ignited by the speed and he burst into laughter. The instructor in the passenger seat, however, was thrown back into his seat, his face pale, barely able to speak. Beside the track, Shing Ming watched intently, her eyes wide with amazement. Master can actually launch a car. She was even a little envious of the training car, secretly hoping that one day Suchin could drive it like that. 10 minutes later, all the tasks were completed. Suchin executed a drift into the parking space, slightly offc center, but still smoothly crossed the line. He even joked about his lack of professionalism and turned to ask the instructor how he did. The instructor nodded reluctantly, then got out of the car and vomited violently, completely terrified by his driving. In his opinion, this was definitely not the level of a novice. Even many college graduates couldn't do it. The technique of catapult launch is impossible to learn without resources and training, let alone use it casually on a Mecca girl. The risk is extremely high. He was already convinced that Such Chen's background was not simple. Suchin handed over water and was about to ask about the subsequent exams when the instructor quickly waved his hand. Enough. I'll give you a score directly. You should leave now. He was clearly already quite exhausted. The scoring was completed quickly. The instructor gave him a C grade, stating bluntly that Such Chen's ability was at least a B or even an A grade, and there was absolutely no need for him to come to the driving school. Suchin could only smile Riley. He didn't have any club connections, so this was the best option he could get. After the paperwork was done, the instructor handed him the driver's license and immediately closed the door to see him out. Suchin didn't mind and walked out of the office into the bright sunshine. He looked at Shing Ming beside him, a slight smile playing on his lips. Benching underground tunnel open, here we come. Chapter 13. Northern Wolf. Old Jean, there's a match tonight, so I'm bothering you again. Linhun pushed open the office door, but froze. Coach Shan, usually radiant, was now deathly pale, looking completely drained. He frowned and asked, "What's wrong? Are you feeling unwell?" The coach looked up at him and sighed. Don't even mention it. A rich kid from the club came today. He could run the training track for less than 8 minutes, and he was even familiar with the launch start. In the end, he even took a class C driver's license from me. What do you think he was after? Linhun was stunned. A club person came to take a driver's license. The coach took a sip of water, his face grim. I also think there's something wrong with him. Linhaun pressed for the name and the coach thought for a moment and said, "I think it's Suchin." Lin Hyun shook his head. Never heard of him. He's probably a newbie from a small club, showing off his talent everywhere. The coach chuckled, "Just like you used to be." He then handed over the keys. "Tonight's underground tunnel race, right? Remember to put the traffic cones away after you finish." Linhai Jun took the keys and left, but his mind was still replaying the person from earlier. Usually people who have just gotten their driver's licenses will try out the nearest competition, but tonight in Benching there's only the underground tunnel race. He slightly curled the corners of his mouth. Directly taking the sea level test seems interesting. Maybe I'll run into him tonight. What was originally a sure thing in the competition suddenly had a bit of an element of uncertainty. Night fell and the roar of engines tore through the streets. A silver sports car sped past, splashing water onto the face of a drunk man on the roadside. The drunk man was about to curse when he froze when he saw the Wolfhead logo on the rear of the car. This logo isn't from the benching racing team. He suddenly remembered something, pulled a ticket from his pocket. Underground tunnel race. Ignoring his drunkenness, he quickly scanned a shared mag lev bicycle and headed straight for the racetrack. Although these underground races are not publicly announced, the generous rewards often attract promising drivers and provide a good opportunity to place bets. The tunnel starting point is brightly lit, and the air is thick with the smells of gasoline and rubber. Neon lights cast dappled patterns on the damp ground. The entrance, quiet during the day, is now a vibrant hub for drivers and spectators. The host, Brother Chicken, stood on the makeshift stage and shouted at the top of his lungs, "Good evening, audience. There are 10 minutes left before the race starts. The entire course is 7.8 km long, and you will have to run 20 laps. Malicious collisions and illegal modifications are prohibited." After this brief introduction, the atmosphere at the scene was quickly ignited. Just then, a deep yet imposing engine roar rang out like the growl of a beast. Everyone turned around in unison, only to see a beam of light pierce the night and a silver white Mecca girl gliding into view. The car executed an incredibly smooth drift, precisely veering into the starting line and stopping alongside Po. Inside, the driver gripped the steering wheel with one hand, her gaze sharp and cold. Linhy's pupils contracted. Northern Wolves. This was the professional racing team from the neighboring K city. The man in black got out of the car, glanced at Linhyun, and then looked away, clearly not taking him seriously. Linhyun clenched his fists, cold sweat beating on his forehead. The pressure from professional drivers in this kind of race was almost suffocating. However, before everyone could recover, the sound of an engine rose again in the distance. This time there was no ostentatious roar, but rather a steady and restrained movement like a lurking cheetah. Soon a blue and white Mecca girl appeared quietly, looking almost ordinary. Just as Lin Hyun was stunned, this car also executed a perfect drift across the starting line. The moment the car stopped, the entire arena fell silent. The driver of the Northern Wolves looked surprised while Lin Hyun finally recognized her. This was Wanginging former Shingi. The car door opened and a tall man stepped out, his expression calmed to the point of being indifferent. Suchin ignored the surrounding gazes, simply bent down and tapped the tires, saying calmly, "How's Shing Ming? Report on the tire wear." Chapter 14. The race begins. Chicken Bros horse voice came over the loudspeaker, reminding the contestants to prepare to start. Such Chin put on his helmet, gripped the steering wheel, and quickly got into the zone. Shing Mings system provided synchronized feedback. Water temperature, engine oil, and neural connections were all normal. The connecting wires in the cockpit glowed faintly, as if everything was ready to go. Suchin noticed that the tire wear had reached 3%, and his heart sank slightly. The distance from the modification shop to the racetrack was only 15 km, meaning the wear could approach 30% later in the race. This was a side effect of the modifications. The effect was strong, but the cost was obvious. These tires were unsuitable for racing, but now he had no choice but to push them through. Shings voice came from ahead, tinged with obvious unease. Master, if we lose, will you blame me? She glanced at Suchin through the rearview mirror. her expression tense and timid. Facing such a formidable opponent so soon after completing the contract was incredibly stressful for her. Her two opponents beside her were Lin Hyun and the other from the Northern Wolf car team. Either was clearly someone to be trifled with. Instead of answering directly, Suchin asked her what she liked to eat. Shing Ming hesitated for a moment, then cautiously said she liked. Watermelon with stinky tofu. This strange combination made Suchin smile, and he casually agreed that if she lost the competition, he would treat her to a meal as consolation. His light-hearted words eased the atmosphere considerably. Shing Ming still had reservations, quietly asking if she would be punished for failing, and even worried about having her contract terminated. Suchin said no three times in a row, his tone firm. Hearing this assurance, Shing Ming finally relaxed, regained her spirits, and declared that she would definitely do her best to obtain the star essence materials and prove that she was not a waste. Meanwhile, inside the cockpit of the breaking edge, Linhuns expression was complex. He hadn't expected to encounter Shing and Suchin here again. A cold smile crept across his face as he thought of crushing their hopes. But when he noticed the driver from the Northern Wolves beside him, his expression turned serious. That was the real formidable enemy tonight. At 8:00 p.m., the starting gun fired and the race officially began. The competitors started in groups according to their assigned numbers. Soon, the announcer called out Lin Hyuns and Northern Wolf driver Yumings names. Just then, Su Chin and Shing Mings numbers were also called out. Linhai Jun was startled, instantly recognizing Such Chin, and was shocked. This person was both a modifier and a driver. However, he quickly composed himself, silently, reassuring himself. The competition isn't just about skill, but also about the Mecca Girls performance. In just one day, it's impossible to significantly upgrade Shing. With this in mind, he regained his confidence and prepared for the start. The countdown began and the engines roared to life. Such Chen's gaze was fixed ahead, his body tensing yet unusually calm. With the countdown, 3 2 1, he precisely controlled the clutch and accelerator, launching into full speed the instant the starting gun fired. Tires screeched against the pavement. White smoke billowed, and the Star Dream surged forward like a cannonball. The intense G-force pressed Suchin firmly against the seat, and in a few seconds, the speed exceeded 100 km perph, neon lights streaking across his vision. He revealed a long-lost smile, the feeling of racing against top drivers returning, a feeling of madness and freedom. Shing Ming excitedly shouted that she had never experienced such a rapid start. Suchin sneered, casually, mocking Wong Tinging for not understanding what a true launch start was. He glanced at the rearview mirror and saw that in just the initial stage, Lin Hyun had already been left more than 10 m behind. The gap had widened immediately. Inside the broken down vehicle, Lin Hyun's forehead was covered in sweat as he stared intently at the tail lights of the car in front. He had never expected that a class C driver could perform such a launch start and even suspected that the other driver had switched cars. But what made him even more uneasy was that the driver of the northern wolf in the rear view mirror hadn't started moving. He remained stationary as if waiting for something. Chapter 15. Let the bullets fly for a while. Lin Hyun's heart sank. He clearly remembered that the Mecca girl had started when they started so it couldn't have malfunctioned. The only explanation was that the other side deliberately stopped in place to give them time. In other words, the Northern Wolves driver was so confident that even if they started late, they could still crush everyone on the field. This kind of confidence was chilling. He smiled bitterly to himself. He had thought he could easily take first place tonight, but now it seemed the challenge had increased dramatically. While he pondered this, Pong had already quietly caught up with Shing Mang ahead, the distance between the two cars constantly shrinking. The advantage Suchin had gained through a launch start was being gradually erased by Puffangs absolute speed. In less than half a minute, Pong was driving alongside Shing Mang and quickly overtook her. Linhun looked at Shing, who had been left behind, and smiled slightly. The performance gap can't be easily bridged by technology. Puffing, pull ahead directly and don't give her any chance. Don't worry, Puffing focused on the road ahead and said firmly. This time she will definitely not overtake us again. In the cockpit, Shing Ming had just finished reporting the road conditions when she saw Puffing whoosh pass her. She whispered with some resentment. Master, we've been overtaken. Her tone full of self-lame. You clearly had the advantage. It's my fault for holding us back. Suchin, however, remained calm. He had already concluded this through observation. While Shings cornering speed had improved after equipping the core, it was still relatively low with a significant gap compared to Puffing. Being overtaken on the straight was only a matter of time. However, he remained calm. The outcome of a match is never determined solely by a straight line. Thinking of this, he gently reassured her. Don't rush. Let the bullets fly for a while. Shing Ming was taken back. then replied seriously, "Master, we don't have any bullets, and using guns in a match is illegal. However, if you insist on using them, I can take the blame for you." Such Chin was speechless for a moment and could only manage her eye smile. At the same time, the commentary booth suddenly erupted. Chicken bro, who had been making normal announcements, suddenly shouted, "Wait, there are still some contestants who haven't started." The camera instantly switched back to the starting point where a silver white Mecca girl with a black wolf head appeared on the big screen. The Northern Wolf team. Chicken bros voice tightened. A top team from K City. The audience erupted in cheers, some exclaiming that this was last year's city championship team, and tonight's competition had instantly changed its flavor. At the starting line, the silver white Mecca girl was still warming up the engine. Inside the cockpit, Yuming glanced at the time and said casually, "Wait another 10 seconds. It's no fun if it's too easy." He didn't care about the others, but was interested in Such Chen's starting technique. As soon as the 10 seconds were up, his expression changed drastically, and his hands and feet coordinated precisely. The clutch and accelerator reached a delicate balance in an instant. With a roar, the engine exploded, and the entire car shot off from the starting line like a beast unleashed. The terrifying acceleration made the commentators gasp. Chicken bro couldn't help but quip that having a driver of this caliber in an underground race was like smuffing fish. Even with a few dozen seconds head start, they still possessed the ability to crush their opponents. As the race progressed, the drivers gradually reached the most difficult section of the tunnel. A series of gentle curves were followed by a downhill straight, ending in a tricky sharp bend, demanding extremely high speed and handling. A slight misstep would force them to slow down and pass through. Linhaun drove the broken blade into the section of road first, constantly checking his rearview mirror. His real concern wasn't Suchin, but the Northern Wolf driver who hadn't yet appeared. Just as he passed the last gentle bend, a roar of an engine approached from afar, piercing like a buzzing bee. He thought the northern wolf was catching up. But when he looked in his rear view mirror, he froze instantly. The dark tunnel was torn open and a white shadow sped out, its tail whipping up a blast of air, its headlights blindingly sharp. The Mecca girl was incredibly fast, but it wasn't the northern wolf's signature model. Linhy's palm sweated, his breath catching in his throat. Because behind him, besides the northern wolf, there was only one other vehicle. It was an answer he absolutely refused to believe. Star dream. Chapter 16. Queen. A roar tore through the track as Such Chin and Shing Ming caught up with Puffing. Entering the series of corners. Shing Ming 61's cornering performance exploded, almost crushing its opponents on the curves. Shing Ming excitedly shouted, "Master, we're faster. We're catching up." Suchin casually explained it was due to absorbing the slipstream, but didn't elaborate, focusing solely on puffing ahead. The sharp edge tore through the air, creating a low drag zone behind the car, where Suchin positioned himself steadily to follow. He knew that as long as he caught the slipstream, overtaking was only a matter of time, and that opportunity soon arrived. At the end of the downhill straight ahead, a strange sharp end appeared like a devil's horn. The difficult curve had officially begun. Both Mecca girls simultaneously reported 200 m downhill followed by a sharp right turn. The atmosphere instantly tensed. Linhyun looked in the rearview mirror and saw the white figure clinging tightly to him, his heart pounding with pressure. This time he didn't slow down beforehand as usual, but instead pushed himself to the limit. The wind howled. The headlights were stretched into straight lines. And the familiar curve became incredibly dangerous. At this moment, Linhen gritted his teeth and roared. How can I lose to a novice? At the critical point, he finally slammed on the brakes, the tires screeching. Suchin remained calm. This was his opponent's limit, not his. After Puffone break for two seconds, he decisively slammed on his brakes, the carbon ceramic brake pads instantly glowing red. Despite the G-force pressing down on his body, he maintained steady control of the steering, precisely cutting into the apex of the corner. In the bend, Pong stayed on the outside line while Shing Mang stayed on the inside. Suchin quickly downshifted, steered, and the rear of the car slid out, completing a clean and crisp inertial drift. The car almost grazed Pong, but there was no collision. At this moment, Shing Ming was already half a car length ahead. Checkmate. Suchin's lips curled into a slight smile. The most difficult part was over and he began to prepare to exit the bend. He lightly tapped the brakes to adjust his posture, the accelerator ready at any moment. At this moment, the lagging puffing started under steer, its tires screeching and the car threatening to lose control. Linhai tried to close the line, but any force correction would only lead to a complete loss of control. He had no choice but to give up and watch helplessly as Puffing relinquished its lane. He knew very well that racing cars were like ferocious beasts, forcibly controlling them would only backfire. There were no more obstacles ahead. Suchin slammed on the gas and shouted, "Chingming! Full throttle out of the corner! Crush them!" The engine roared. The turbocharger exploded and Shing launched itself the instant it exited the corner, its speed soaring and widening the gap even further. Both cars rushed out of the corner, the guardrails vibrating. The audience, finally snapping out of their days, gasped in amazement. Who's that white Mecca girl? She's cornering so fast. Unfortunately, the spectacular showdown hadn't been captured on the big screen, leaving only the audience in awe. Immediately afterward, another silver white Mecca girl cruised through the corner at high speed, her drift smooth and her exhaust plume billowing, her speed astonishing. Someone measured her cornering speed at a staggering 178 kmh, eliciting a collective gasp. Inside the car, Suchin casually asked, "How fast was that just now?" Shing Mang responded in shock. 158 kmh. Can I really do that? Meow. She knew very well that this was not only due to the modifications, but also because Such Chen's skills far surpassed his previous abilities. Suchin simply said, "I can go even faster, but for now, just stay steady and aim for the top three." Shing Mang was stunned. In her mind, the top three was already a dream, but Such Chen was clearly not satisfied. Beside the finish line, a tall, slender girl leaned against the railing, a beer smelling nutrient solution in her hand, her expression indifferent. Her red eyes were slightly lowered, seemingly unconcerned about the race. The warning collar around her neck, however, revealed that she was a malfunctioning Mecca girl, and no one dared approach her. Just then, a middle-aged woman approached. Queen, it's time to go back. The girl smiled dismissively. You're dressed like a waitress. The woman didn't seem to care, only urging her to leave. The young woman, however, kept her eyes glued to the track and asked, "Who do you think can make it into the top three?" The middle-aged woman flipped through the data, calmly analyzing the top three contenders, all well-known drivers, completely disregarding the others. The young woman softly countered, "What if they aren't?" She pointed to the names at the bottom of the list, Such Chin and Shing Ming. they can make it into the top three. The middle-aged woman glanced at the information and immediately dismissed it. A D-class car, even making the top 10 is difficult. The young woman, however, spoke calmly. Then, let's gamble. One month of freedom. She turned to look at the other woman, her tone calm yet imposing. If they make it into the top three, you will no longer restrict me. If they fail, I will cooperate with the modifications. The middle-aged woman pondered for a moment. then finally nodded. Deal. Chapter 17. Side flip. Chapter 17. Side flip. Click dash. The wheels of the scooter crossed the finish line for the second time, the gravel exploding beneath the chassis. Linhaun stared at the flashing tail lights ahead, his expression growing increasingly serious. The distance was still widening, a dozen meters behind on the first lap, nearly 50 m on the second. He was giving it his all, but Shing Ming was still leaving him further and further behind. Su Chin and Shing Ming handled the corners with exceptional skill, almost at a professional level. Lin Hyun's only chance to catch up was on the straits. However, the underground tunnel race has more corners than straits. And although the difficulty is only two and a half stars, it is still not to be underestimated. Once you fall behind in pace, it is very difficult to catch up. Master, we won't be able to catch up if this continues," Pong said anxiously. Linhun replied in a deep voice. "Our advantage lies in speed. If we can't catch up on the straightaway, we can only increase our cornering speed. Can you maintain your balance now?" Pone hesitated for a moment, then gritted his teeth and said, "I want to try." Linhajun sensed her determination and didn't hesitate any longer. "Okay, let's give it our all." He quickly adjusted his mindset, preparing to do his best on the upcoming straightaways and gentle curves, allowing no room for error. Meanwhile, cameras outside the track quickly locked onto the two cars. The host, Chicken Bro, exclaimed excitedly. A newcomer paired with a D-class Mecca girl can actually keep up with Lin Hymping so closely. This is so interesting. The audience immediately started discussing and turned their attention to the big screen. On the third lap, the downhill hairpin bend approached. Lin Hyun stared at the rapidly climbing speedometer, cold sweat beating on his forehead. He usually slowed down 100 m from the bend, but this time he decided to cut it to 50. As long as our speeds are the same at the bend, I can catch up with them. The thought flashed through his mind, and he no longer hesitated. Breaking through the speed bump, the dark bend seemed like a gaping mard had already cut in ahead. Linhaun roared. Go for it. At that moment, Suchin glanced at the rearview mirror and calmly said, "They're panicking." Star Dreams speed stopped at 159 kmh. About 20 m from the bottom of the slope. Suchin decisively break and entered the curve. Linhyun suddenly realized something was wrong. not 50 m, but it was too late. Po forced his way into the curve at 165 km per hour, pushing the vehicle's speed to its limits. He quickly downshifted and applied the brakes. The maneuver itself was correct, but the braking distance was clearly insufficient. The guardrail was approaching head-on, and he yelled, "Turn around." A screeching sound of friction suddenly rang out. The front wheels lost traction and the vehicle began to go out of control. Master, suspension overload. Rollover warning. But Fang's voice was panicked. Lin Hyun hurriedly corrected the situation, but overreacted, causing the car to fishtail. The car's center of gravity shifted instantly. The tires on both sides became unbalanced. White smoke billowed, and visibility became completely chaotic. The next moment, the car slammed into the curb, sending it flying. It rolled three times in the air before crashing down, landing upside down in the middle of the track. The four wheels were still spinning in the air, eliciting gasps from the crowd. The car following behind swerved sharply, almost twisting into an S-shape to narrowly avoid a collision. Outside the track, the cameraman stammered, "Brother Chicken, it looks like a car overturned." Brother Chicken's face pald instantly. Of course. Where's the rescue team? Get them there now. Any later and it'll be a disaster. He stared at Shing disappearing into the distance on the screen. His expression complex. As someone with some inside knowledge, he knew very well that the root cause of this mishap was the extreme maneuver he was forced into by Suchin. Was this newcomer really just a newcomer? Chapter 18. The Duel. Master, it seems there's been an accident at the back. Shing Ming whispered a reminder. Suchin said expressionlessly. It's not that it seems like they crashed. Lin Hai Jun and Pone were in a hurry to overtake and lost control of their speed on the curve. Shing froze, her cat ears suddenly perked up and her voice trembled. Is it is it because of us? Suchin replied calmly. I suppose so. After checking in the rearview mirror, Hoshino's eyes widened in surprise. We actually managed to drive them crazy. Meow. Master, you're amazing. She was so excited that Suchin felt a little helpless. In his opinion, this kind of opponent was not worth mentioning at all. She was just a little outmatched in driving skills. If compared to the top drivers he had seen in his previous life, he was only of average skill. He had personally witnessed true geniuses, even those with the same surname. Yet, they had all perished on the track at a young age. "Master, can we make it into the top three in this match?" Shing Ming asked tentatively. She had no expectations for the results, only worried about dragging the team down. But now that her opponent has been eliminated, hope has been rekindled. Suchin said firmly, "Don't worry, we will definitely get a place." The words had barely left his mouth when whoosh. The sound of an engine suddenly roared from behind and a pair of blue prismatic headlights approached in the rearview mirror. Suchin was slightly taken aback by what he saw. That Mecca girl with the wolf head logo. Shing exclaimed, "Master, she's so fast." The car approached almost instantly but did not continue to accelerate, only flashing its headlights twice. Provocation. Suchin narrowed his eyes and decisively downshifted and accelerated. With the engine roaring, the star dream burst into acceleration, but was quickly suppressed. The shadowchaser's attributes completely overwhelmed it with its speed, cornering ability, and burst damage all far surpassing its competitors, clearly demonstrating the level of a B-class car. Suchin's heart sank. This is too much of a bullying. Meanwhile, Yuing was beaming with excitement. So, you're the one who caused Lin Hyuns downfall. Let me see just how strong you are. He didn't rush to overtake, but followed closely like a wolf, waiting for the right moment to test the waters. Time flew by, and the downhill hairpin bend of the fourth lap finally arrived. The stands were already packed with people, and over the loudspeaker, Chicken Bros shouted excitedly, "It's here. The real showdown has begun. With a roar, Star Dream and Shadowchaser raced down the slope side by side. The track vibrated and the atmosphere instantly became electric. Approaching the bend, Yuming suddenly accelerated violently and cut directly into the inside lane. "Are you out of your mind?" Suchin gritted his teeth and forced his way into the narrow space. The two cars were almost touching, cornering side by side at the limit. The brakes were red-hot, the suspension was creaking, and the engines were roaring. At this moment, no one backed down. However, the chase mode offers greater stability and faster corner exit. The next second, Yuming floored the accelerator and successfully overtook the car. The two cars passed each other, so close they were only centimeters apart. Suchin could even see the blue flame shooting out from the rear of the chase. The two exchanged a brief glance through the car window. Yuming suddenly gave a thumbs up and laughed loudly. Awesome, bro. You're really awesome. Juing complained helplessly. Master, you're so noisy. Yum, however, didn't care at all, his eyes fixed on the front. To meet an opponent like this in this kind of competition is so awesome. Shuin gave a soft snort, but did not refute. She also knew that Such Chin was indeed very strong. After exiting the corner, Chasing Shadow successfully blocked the way, forcing Star Dream onto the outside lane. Suchin remained calm and relaxed, a slight smile playing on his lips. As expected of a professional driver, he wasn't discouraged. Racing is a contest of strength and performance. Falling behind is just a new starting point. Moreover, when they crossed the finish line of the fourth lap, the ranking has risen to third. Shing Ming, how are you feeling? Suchin suddenly noticed that she had been silent for a long time. Star dream. After a moment, Shing Ming spoke quickly. Master, I'm sorry. I such sighed and interrupted directly. Remember, the track is not about who is perfect, but about who can break through in imperfection. We are on the path to a breakthrough right now. The cockpit was silent for a few seconds. Master, I understand. Shings voice trembled slightly, her heart filled with warmth. She thought she would be blamed, but instead she received encouragement. But the next second, her face flushed and she whispered, "But could you please not squeeze me so hard?" Suchin then realized what was happening, quickly withdrew his hand, and gave an awkward smile. Ahem, a modifier's hands are sometimes a little out of control. Chapter 19, Final Ranking. Bingo City, Night 9:51 p.m. Boom. Another Mecca Girl crossed the finish line, and as time went on, fewer and fewer contestants had not yet reached the finish line. On the electronic screen at this moment, the top three scorers are Yu Ming chasing Shadow. The entire journey took 46 minutes and 17 seconds with an average speed of 200 km per hour. Su Xilong speed completed the race in 54 minutes and 33 seconds with an average speed of 171 kmh. The Jung Jo Hong Kong Express rail link judge route took 56 minutes and 21 seconds with an average speed of 165 km hour. Normally when these results come out, Su Xilong and Jing Gang would have already breathed a sigh of relief. They are regulars in the underground racing competitions and benching and they rely on the prize money from the races to save up for modifying their own Mecca girls. Today's results have broken their previous records, but they are still staring intently at the large electronic screen. Ching Gang, in particular, was holding his own female robot by the hand, sweating profusely with nervousness. This is entirely because tonight's underground tournament in Bening is unusual. First, there was the Northern Wolf team's fish dog, a type of stunt car, which despite starting last, was the first to arrive at the finish line. Then a newcomer whose name they had never heard of killed their formidable rivals Lin Hai Jun and Pome halfway through their journey. Now they are waiting for this newcomers results. The audience was waiting and at the very front of the audience a cool and aloof young woman leaning against the railing was also waiting. Risons and jetties, this is the finish line. We can already hear the engines. With a loud shout from brother chicken, all the cameras began to converge on the finish line. Squeak. With the screeching sound of tires rubbing against the ground. In the darkness at the end of the tunnel, two bright headlights shone out. They're here. The girl by the fence's eyes lit up and she straightened up, looking in the direction from which the engine sound was coming. Five runners were still not at the finish line, and she prayed silently. Is it them? If so, it's still unknown who the top three will be. The Mecca girl quickly approached and soon her entire body came into clear view of all the viewers. The car boasts a dazzling white body, a beautiful streamlined design, and highly recognizable Matrix headlights. Whoa, it's that one. The one that took down Lin Hyun. Someone pointed at the speeding sports car and shouted, "What was her name again? It looks like star dream. There are no more curves after that. In the cockpit of Shing, Suchin stared at the track with eyes as sharp as an eagle. In the second half of the race, Shings cornering speed actually decreased. That's because the tires were worn out and the grip was insufficient. So, he had to slow down to take the corner as a precaution. Before slowing down, he was confident of finishing in the top three. But after slowing down, he was no longer so sure. Although he has brought Shing Ming here as the pilot, he should consider the safety of the Mecca girl more. Shing Ming, your tires are worn down by more than 30%. Why don't you reduce your speed? Through the rearview mirror, Such Chin saw Shing Mangs tense and pretty face. Tires are like shoes. If shoes wear out, it's your feet that suffer. It's hard to imagine how painful it would be if the wheel rim rubbed against the ground at high speed. Master, I can do it. Shing leaned forward, her expression serious and her teeth clenched. She also saw the average speed rankings on the electronic screen and the top three results were not consistent. Really real? The girl's voice filled with unprecedented determination clenched her teeth. The neural connections that extend from the spine to the cockpit are radiating a dazzling light. All right. Suchin took a deep breath. Then let's sprint with all our might. Yes, master. Success or failure hinges on this. She didn't want to let Su Chin down with his modifications. Nor did she want to let Such Chin's efforts go to waste. She wants to become an even more powerful C-class Mecca girl and participate in the city championship. We must crush one tinging under our feet and show her that she is not a piece of trash. Charge. Meow. The throttle was welded shut and the speedometer needle climbed to a fixed position. The frequency quietly increased and the speed, which had already reached its limit, surged upwards again by a small margin. 50 m, 30 m, 10 m. The timer stops the instant the person crosses the finish line. Suchin stepped on the brake with his right foot and the clutch with his left, then sharply turned the steering wheel. Squeak. The rear of the Star Dream car suddenly swung out, drawing a beautiful arc. The tires screeched as they scraped against the asphalt track, leaving two black tire marks. Her vehicle slid sideways at an almost 90° angle, sliding through the dust and swirling rubber debris into the landing platform and coming to a steady stop. The roar of the engine came to an abrupt halt. The heatwave rose slowly amidst the white smoke from the tires. Suchin calmly picked up the mineral water bottle next to him, unscrewed it, and took a sip. He didn't check the results immediately. Instead, he unbuckled his seat belt, got up, and patted Shings head. Great job, Star Dream. Our teamwork in our first match was absolutely perfect. Shing Ming switched from racing mode to human form. She was covered in sweat. Her pretty face was flushed and she was still a little out of breath after finishing the race. His body looked as if he had been pulled out of the water, the racing suit clinging tightly to his skin. Each step forward leaves a smoking rubber footprint. Even though the staff had sprayed cooling spray on the tires in time, the temperature of the wheel rims was still very high. She looked at Such Chen's outstretched hand. Her cat ears perked up and she timidly gave Suchin a high five. But master, we don't know our grades yet. The results don't matter at all. Suchin shrugged, looking indifferent. What matters is that we did our best today, and our trip was worthwhile. His hands, in particular, were definitely not wasted. He even decided not to wash them tonight. Before they could finish speaking, the two heard Chicken Brothers irritable, duck-like voice coming from the audience. Ladies and gentlemen, the most special contestant of this competition has reached the finish line. His time will determine the final rankings, and I'm sure you're all eager to see. Please look at the big screen. The audience looked at the big screen, and Such Chin and Shing Mang also looked at the big screen at the same time. Because he and Shing Ming were in the last wave of departures, their names were listed as the third to last on the big screen. The second to last were Lin Hyjun and Pong, who had already been eliminated. Yuming was in last place, but after the results were announced, he had already moved up to first place. Ding, ding, ding. Accompanied by the rousing drum beats, the two names began to flash. Suchin remained expressionless, but clenched his fists. Shing Mang covered her face with both hands, holding her breath, wanting to look, but not daring to. Such Chin Ching Ming. The entire journey took 55 minutes and 7 seconds with an average speed of 170 km per hour. The results were displayed and immediately ranked upwards, eventually pushing Jing Gang and Judge, who were in third place, out of the top three. A burst of enthusiastic cheers erupted from the audience. The benching underground tunnel race has been dominated by those seasoned veterans for too long, and they're tired of seeing them. Today I finally saw a driver and Mecca Girl I never heard of before overcome all obstacles and pressure to break into the top three. The four runners behind who haven't reached the finish line yet can forget about it. They started earlier than Such Chun and Shing Ning but arrived at the finish line later than them. So there was no doubt that they would be in the top three empty. The spotlight at the finish line controlled by the lighting technician fell on the three runners. The entire audience erupted in applause. Master, we we seem to be third. Standing in the spotlight, Shing Ming seemed to be in a dream, her voice trembling with disbelief. That's right. We're third. Suchin patted Shings head, a slight smile playing on his lips. We did it. But it's a pity. I promised to treat you to stinky tofu and a big watermelon if we didn't get into the top three. But now the stinky tofu and watermelon are gone. Master, we have rudimentary star essence. Yes, I I can upgrade to a C-class mecha girl now. Right. Shing Ming took a deep breath, her azure eyes sparkling with dazzling light. We can participate in the city championship. That's right. Suchin nodded emphatically. Shings smile gradually widened and her eyes lit up. Suddenly, she picked up Such Chin and threw him into the air. Call out. Meow. I can upgrade to a C-class Mecca girl. She caught the pale-faced Such Chin steadily and tossed him upwards. Call out. I can participate in the city championship. Long live master. Such Chen screams echoed over the finish line. Star dream, you brat. Don't throw it away. I'm afraid of heights. Put me down right now. You have to accept the consequences of your bet. The girl by the fence regained her aloof demeanor, but the slight upturn at the corners of her mouth suggested she was in a good mood. For one month, you are not allowed to interfere with my freedom. I can go wherever I want. Queen, this probably doesn't comply with the group's rules. The middle-aged woman looked troubled. She truly didn't expect Such Chin and Shing Mang to make it into the top three. You can't blame her for that since all she knew was that Such Chin was just a rookie who had never participated in a single competition. Who would have thought that a novice driver's skills could rival those of a professional driver rules? The girl's face darkened instantly and the surrounding air seemed to cool down. You have to keep your word. I signed an agreement with you, but I also have the right to refuse to cooperate. If you insist on talking to me about rules, I will not accept any form of modification from you." Upon hearing this, the middle-aged woman gritted her teeth secretly, hesitated for a long time before her shoulders slumped down, and she finally nodded. "I understand. I will make a proper record when I get back. You also cannot send anyone to follow me," the girl said calmly. Otherwise, I still will not cooperate with any form of modification. I understand. The middle-aged woman side. At this point, she had no choice but to accept it. However, she also remembered the couple under the spotlight, Such Chin and Shing Mang. The girl also gazed at Such Chun and Shing Nang under the spotlight. Her eyes especially focused on Such Chan, filled with curiosity and inquiry. I heard this man is a car modification mechanic. Interesting. Chapter 20. This is absurd. An emergency center near the Bingjo underground tunnel. Linhai Jun has regained consciousness, but his neck is still in a thick cast and his head is unable to move. Pong sat next to him and adjusted the angle of the TV in front of the hospital bed so that it was directly in front of Lin Hyun. We lost completely. Linhun sighed as he looked at the screen. The television was showing the live broadcast of the match that had just taken place. "Master, I'm sorry," Pong said, his head down, rubbing his fingers and biting his lip. If my cornering performance had been better, this rollover wouldn't have happened. She was filled with self-lame. She hadn't been seriously injured in the accident, but her condition had declined considerably. But Lin Hyun suffered a terrible ordeal. Not only suffering a level three concussion, but also needing a cast on his neck. If he wanted to recover before the city championship, he would have to waste a professional treatment opportunity. A team of medical mecha girls who could help pilots quickly recover from their injuries. This isn't your fault. First of all, Suchan skills are good. And secondly, his Mecca girl has obviously been modified. Linhun comforted her softly. Judging from Shing Mings cornering performance, her cornering ability is likely superior to yours. In addition, my decision was a bit too hasty, which led to our loss. Master, I remember you participated in this competition to obtain basic star essence from Miss Wong. Right? Pong said weakly. Miss Wong will definitely be angry if we don't get any basic star essence. You don't need to worry about Winging. Lin Hyun waved his hand casually. A good brother of mine has a useless low-level star essence which happens to be of the flowing flame star emblem. Just buy it for a little money. You and I need to hurry up and train, especially to improve our cornering speed, otherwise we might not be a match for Su Chin and Shing Mang in the City Championship. Watching Such Chin and Shing Mang holding up their bronze medals on the TV screen, Lin Hyun clenched his fists. I'm fine with losing to anyone, but I just don't want to lose to them again. His fighting spirit and hostility did not stem from the conflict between Wan Tinking and Suchin. It originates from oneself. The fact that he overestimated his abilities and crashed while trying to gain speed in a corner will likely become the talk of the town among drivers and Bingjo. There's only one way to wash away this shame. Defeat Such Chun and Shing Mang honorably in a public race like the city championship. Breakthrough here. The girl beside the hospital bed immediately stood at attention upon hearing the voice. Special training starts tomorrow afternoon. No, it starts this morning. Master, is it your injury? A mere concussion isn't brain death, Linhun said coldly, his eyes gleaming with fighting spirit. Discharge him immediately. Let's get this done. Is this what a primary radiant star essence is? Suchin lay on the bed in the bedroom holding a round ball that shimmerred with golden light in his hand. He's been back at the modification shop for a while now. The third place winner of the benching underground tournament receives a prize of 20,000 yan and a beginner level star yuan, which is this round ball in your hand. The sound of running water came from the shower room just a door away along with a girl's soft voice humming a cheerful tune. Shing Ming is taking a bath. According to the girl, after running a race all night, she felt sticky all over. Taking a bath in human form would save her the high cost of professional bathing services. The only downside was that it wouldn't speed up her recovery. With nothing else to do, he began studying the upgrade materials for this Mecca girl. The ball of light in his hand had a soft, bouncy texture, somewhat like a water-filled balloon. Yet, it was as light as a feather. The moment he let go, it would float down like a feather. How do you use basic star element on a mecha girl? Suchin spent some time searching on his phone and found a variety of conflicting opinions online. First, for a Mecca girl to advance from D to C, one of her attributes must reach a passing grade, which requires testing. However, according to his research, passing grade means an attribute reaching 60 points. As for star essence, some say it's given directly to the Mecca girl. Others say it's stuffed into her breasts. And still others go so far as to say it's given with a basic star essence while French kissing the Mecca girl. This is absurd. That's so erotic. This must be exposed and they must be severely tortured. Suchin expressed strong condemnation and clicked on the second and third options to read them carefully. Master, I'm done showering. Shing pushed open the bedroom door and jumped in. Suchin subconsciously raised his eyes, feeling his breathing slow down. The soft indoor lighting bathed Shing Ming, who stood there timidly, wearing an ill-fitting t-shirt that clung damply to her curvaceous body. Her long white hair was wet and cascading down, water droplets dripping from the ends, swirling around her delicate collarbone before quietly disappearing. Her snow white cat ears, still limp from her recent bath, looked fluffy and soft, making one want to reach out and ruffle them. "Master, your clothes are a bit too big." Meow. Do you have any smaller ones? Shing Ming muttered to herself, half-hazardly drying her hair with a towel as she tiptoed to the edge of the bed. "Master, are you listening to me?" She moved closer, her cattail swaying lightly behind her, her large, bright blue eyes fixed on Suchin without blinking. Master, why? Why are you staring at me like that? Is there something on my face? She had just taken a bath. Shing Ming tilted her head, raised her hand to tuck a strand of wet hair behind her ear, revealing her delicate earlobe and slender neck. Her t-shirt rode up slightly with her movement, inadvertently revealing a small section of her fair lower back. Suchin felt a dry mouth and quickly looked away. Perhaps a match brought the two closer and Shing Ming became more familiar with him, so she seemed to let herself go a bit. Hey, you should put your clothes on properly. Suchin pointed to Shings half-covered chest. He could see the water droplets sliding in along the curve. Meow. Shing Ming was startled and hurriedly covered her chest. Her cat ears perked up and she blinked her big eyes. Seriously, I trust Master completely. Master is definitely not the kind of person who would have any improper thoughts about me. But since it's master's request, I will be very careful about what I wear in front of Master from now on. Meow. It's over. If he's been forced to accept the label of a gentleman, how will he ever be able to show his true manly nature again? Suchin felt frustrated and asked helplessly. Is it the same with Winking? No way. Hoshino shook her head, her hogue, Kowick, bobbing wildly. Master and I have a bond contract. Meow. Do you know what a bond contract means? In human terms, it means we're wearing the same pair of underwear. Meow. What about the mind contract? Suchin asked abruptly. Meow. A mind contract is much more powerful. Shing Mings tail swished happily behind her. In human terms, it's like, well, you're in me and I'm in you. We're deeply connected, our souls intertwined, and we're one with each other. Suchin, do people really not have ulterior motives when they say these things? Okay, let's change the subject. Seeing that the wheel was about to run over his face, Suchin quickly took out his primary star essence. Star dream, let me test you. How does a Mecca girl use basic star essence to upgrade herself? What kind of assistance should a pilot provide to a Mecca girl? He said shamelessly. It's not that I don't know. I just want to see if your theoretical foundation as a Mecca girl is solid. Chapter 21. You're sick. Faced with Such Chen's question, Shing paused for a moment, then lowered her head, looking somewhat at a loss. What's wrong? You don't know? Such Chin was taken aback. He also felt that this should be considered basic common sense about Mecca girls. As a Mecca girl, Hashino should know this very well because I haven't learned it. Shing Ming pouted, her cat ears drooping. Winging thought I couldn't possibly upgrade to C rank, and she didn't plan to upgrade me to C rank, so she didn't let me take many core knowledge courses related to Mecca girls. So, what did she ask you to do? I'm going to work as a tow truck driver to earn money. Shing Ming twisted the hem of her clothes with her fingers and said with a wrong look, when there are open competitions, there are sometimes not enough logistics Mecca girls. At that time, we will recruit ordinary Mecca girls and pilots to do logistics tow truck work, and the competition organizers will pay some wages. This is one of the jobs that we Mecca girls can do openly and legitimately. Meow. That Wong Ting is a real scoundrel. Such Chen's face was gloomy. Why are you skipping class to make money instead of attending? Even if they made money, they didn't spend it on Shing. It's likely that Wongqing had already considered replacing Shing Ming after graduation. While Shing Ming, while earning money by working as a logistics trailer driver, probably comforted herself that this might be for future modifications. It's all right, master. It's all over now, Meow Dash. Seeing that Such Chun was unhappy, Shing Mang comforted him instead, her cat ears twitching slightly. It's precisely because Wong Tingd treated me badly that I was able to meet such a handsome and powerful master. When she smiled, her eyes crinkled into crescent, and her cat tail swayed from side to side like a sweet little cake. Just looking at Suchin made him feel much better. "Oh, you're quite the flatterer, aren't you?" Suchin chuckled. Hino stuck out her little tongue and said with a grin. Does master like listening to this? It's all right. Suchin feigned modesty. Since Wang Ting didn't teach you well, then I'll teach and train you. I'll go online to look up some information and learn later. It's time to study seriously. Initially, his contract with Shing was indeed primarily aimed at activating his talent. But after spending a few days together and experiencing a race together, he has truly come to regard Shing Ming as his future partner, both in his racing career and as a tuner. Boss, I know. A cold voice suddenly rang out from behind. Such Chin and Shing Mang were both startled. The two looked in the direction of the sound and saw a tall figure frozen in place at the bedroom doorway. She wore a black dress that perfectly accentuated her beautiful figure, making her skin appear even whiter. Her jet black straight hair cascaded down like a waterfall, shimmering with a faint bluish luster under the lamp light. Her delicate palmsized face held a pair of fiery red eyes, a straight, elegant nose, and lips slightly pursed like newly blossoming cherry blossoms. Yet unlike the vibrant red of cherry blossoms, they exuded a noble and aloof coldness. The girl was calmly surveying the bedroom environment. Her elegant and composed demeanor made it hard to associate her with an intruder. She seemed more like a female leopard patrolling her territory. When did this person arrive? Suchin was stunned for a moment. Is it a cat? There's not a sound. Moreover, this is his bedroom, which is his private space. Who are you? He frowned. Guest? The girl glanced at Suchin, her eyes expressionless, and then found a chair and sat down. "No, even if you're a guest, you can't just barge into someone else's bedroom like that. The door isn't closed," the girl said, pointing to the bedroom door. "That's right. The door to the modification shop wasn't closed either," the girl added. Such Chen's vision went black. Does leaving the door open justify barging in? From the various signs on the girl, he realized that she was a Taiwanese girl. The only female Mecca who comes to his shop alone without a pilot is Hashimura. A truly rare guest. Go wait outside first, Suchin said helplessly. I'm currently discussing leveling up with my Mecca girl. I'll come out to greet you after we finish here. I know, asked me. The girl raised her chin slightly. Such Chan and the girl exchanged a glance, paused, and then sighed as if in resignation. Then you speak. The Mecca girl unfolds her core. Then the primary star element moves closer. Didn't they say online that there's a French kissing technique? Suchin persisted. The girl tilted her head, a hint of mockery flashing in her eyes. The internet teaches you to treat hemorrhoids with an electric drill. Would you learn it, Suchin? You can't learn a single thing from that. The ability to deploy the coarse star dream is present. This should be a basic ability that Mecca girls possessed from the very beginning. It was a crystal shaped like a flower bud held in Shings hands, radiating a soft pale golden glow. Suchin held the primary radiant star essence close to the crystal, and the radiant star essence seemed to be drawn in, transforming into a stream of light that merged into the core. After a few seconds, a new cluster of crystals, as thin as a cicada's wing, grew around the originally solitary crystal, looking like a petal. Then, without Shing Ming doing anything, the core automatically retracted into her chest. Shing Ming, with her eyes closed, radiated a soft glow, seemingly undergoing an upgrade. "Is this all you need?" Suchin turned to ask the girl. The girl nodded gently. Don't you really need another French kiss? The girl didn't speak, but looked at Suchin with the eyes of someone looking at a nobody. The disdain in her crimson eyes almost tangible. Under that rather oppressive gaze, Suchin automatically swallowed back the words he was about to say. Since Shing Ming was still upgrading, he focused his attention on this guest. The eye of God was activated, and what I saw shocked me. The girl's impressive attribute panel almost blinded his titanium alloy eyes. Mecha girl information name queen star power thunder explosive type speed 76 curve 90 stable 81 burst 61. Battery life 82. Modification core vortex 3 purple. Stigmata Wild Hunt three piece set blue speed plus 10% stability plus 10% rollover correction plus 5. Eternal heart one piece set purple endurance plus 9. Current rank SS. Special talent expired. Frequency 0%. Status malfunctioning unable to drive. evaluation. A top-term mecha girl with exceptional talent, but she has been ruined by a brainless modifier. Without a doubt, this is the first SS-class Mecca girl that Suchin has seen so far. Her panel attributes are quite impressive, but something seems off. Leaving aside the inexplicable and unusual state of being unable to drive due to a malfunction, Mecca girls should awaken their innate skills when they reach Srank, but these skills have already failed here. There's also the emphasis on attributes. The best attribute for a burst type Mecca girl is actually cornering. Compared to the attributes we saw before, as a speed type Mecca girl, her attributes clearly emphasize speed first and then burst damage. For explosive Mecca girls, the primary attribute should be explosiveness, followed by speed, and lastly attributes like cornering and stability. Even if I am a Mecca girl, it is still impolite for you to stare at me like that. The Mecca girl named Queen suddenly spoke, her voice cold and chilling. Upon hearing this, Suchin couldn't help but roll his eyes. Aren't you being polite? Is it polite of you to barge into someone else's room without permission? Although guests are supposed to be treated as guests, this guest is far too arrogant. The moment his eyes met queens, they suddenly sharpened and he raised a finger, pointing it at Queen's head. Then seven big words popped out of his mouth. You're sick. You are done. Chapter 22. The reason. Suchin thought that saying this would enrage the SS class mecha girl in front of him. He then took this opportunity to directly point out the problem, gaining a wave of admiration and amazement. Unexpectedly, the girl simply looked at him calmly. After a long eye contact, Queen slowly nodded. You're right. She paused, then added, "I do have a problem." "So, can you cure it?" Such a straightforward conversation left Suchin stunned for a while. After a long pause, he nodded, then shook his head. "Whether it can be cured or not, I'll have to do some research first. In fact, he had already noticed the problem from Queen's panel. In addition, the final annotation is quite obvious. It was ruined by a brainless modifier. To put it bluntly, a burst acceleration type Mecca girl managed to modify her cornering performance to 90. Isn't this like forcing a math genius to learn English? That's completely nonsensical. The core consideration in modifying a race car is to bring out all the advantages of the car. While leveraging our strengths, we should strive to make up for our weaknesses. Some race cars are just good at cornering. You can't ruin their cornering performance just to improve straight line acceleration. You might as well build a new car. However, these things cannot be said directly. We still need to follow the standard procedures. The checkup also costs money. He rubbed his thumb and forefinger together. Do you have the money? The girl remained silent but took out a thick wad of banknotes from her pocket and gently placed them on the table. His stash. Such Chen's eyes widened. Such a thick stack of cash guaranteed at least 20,000. The smile on his face immediately became genuine. The customer is king, so a little arrogance is completely understandable. Next, I need your cooperation to unfold it into racing car mode. Is that all right? The queen tilted her head, her crimson eyes filled with confusion. This was the first time she had ever heard of an inspection being conducted in the form of a racing car. Isn't it all done by scanning the entire body of the Mecca girl with detection tools and then creating a modification plan based on the evaluation given by the system? But then she thought that this place didn't have the conditions for a fully mechanized conversion like the headquarters. Since that's the case, she started unbuttoning her skirt. Hey, what are you doing? Suchin called out to Queen when he saw her acting strangely. "Take off your clothes," Queen said expressionlessly, her tone as flat as if she were stating the weather. "You don't need to take off your clothes to unfold into racing car mode, right? This isn't a car cover." Queen's hands continued moving, her eyes unblinking. "It'll break if you just unfold it." "All right, all right." Suchin sighed and quickly left the room. I'll excuse myself for a bit. Call me when you're done unfolding. You humans have so many rules. Queen clicked her tongue. Suchin was about to close the door when he angrily opened it again, saying speechlessly. This is basic male female morality. Don't you understand? I have never been naked in front of humans. Queen slightly raised her smooth chin, her crimson eyes filled with sarcasm. Are you avoiding me like this because you're afraid of developing some desire for me? She paused deliberately, her tone even more disdainful. The self-control of carbon-based life forms is indeed worrying. In that case, I will be careful to keep my distance in the future. Suchin, there's not a single thing we can talk about today. He slammed the door shut and turned to go to the bathroom to wash his face with cold water. When he returned to the bedroom door, Queen had already been fully unfolded. May I come in? Can Such Chin pushed open the door and what came into view was a black sports car with a rather extravagant design. The car looks familiar with an outline somewhat resembling the Apollo EVO supercar from the previous life, but with sharper lines. The front design is more aggressive than the original with sharp angles like a drawn blade and every line contains a burst of power ready to be unleashed. The most striking feature is the pair of headlights, not the iconic fork shape of the Apollo EVO, but sharp triangles reminiscent of the Apollo II. At this moment, a pair of red eyes are shining with an eerie blood red light casting two sharp beams of light in the slightly dim room. Just sitting there quietly, an indescribable sense of oppression and murderous aura emanated from it. It was as if this was not a sports car, but a ferocious beast waiting for its chance. Awesome. Suchin couldn't help but give a thumbs up. Master, this lady's car is so beautiful. Shing Mings exclamation rang out from the side. It turned out that the little girl had already completed her level up. Such Chin carefully examined his Mecca girls panel and discovered that Shing Ming was already a C-rank Mecca girl. After upgrading to Cank, each attribute has increased slightly from its original level and is now speed 44, curves 62, stable 46, burst 34, battery life. When Suchin saw the section on modification cores, he was surprised to find that the modification cores were gone. Star dream, where's your black silk thunder number two modification core? Shinmings cat ears and a hog kick stood up and she shook her head blankly. I I don't know. Meow. Suchin was dumbfounded. Star Dream is currently without any modification cores, but its attributes have not decreased. Could this be one of the cheat codes that brought him into this world? That's awesome. He could almost see himself becoming a worldclass driver surrounded by robot girls and reaching the pinnacle of his life. When a Mecca girl advances, it will automatically merge the modification cores on her body and solidify them. The queen's icy voice rang out, extinguishing Such Chen's beautiful dream like a bucket of cold water. I see. Suchin sighed. then slapped his thigh. I miscalculated. I should have given Shing Ming a better modification core before she advanced. It's pointless. The window of the black supercar rolled down, revealing Queen's fair and pretty face. From D-L to C-le, you can only solidify the white quality. Even if you give her something better, you can't solidify it, she added mercilessly. Moreover, this type of white core offers very limited improvement to Mecca girls and may even be less effective than a star stigmata dot. Star stigmata suchin thought of queen. Didn't she have star stigmata? It seems to be called the wild hunt three-piece set and the eternal heart one piece set. He also noticed that star dream unlocked a stigmata slot after upgrading to sear rank. Previously, the stigmata slot in the attribute panel was grayed out, but it has now been restored to a brighter color, although there are no stigmata equipped. Didn't you want to get checked? Queen leaned lazily against the car window with half of her bare arm, her delicate skin glowing faintly under the light. A few strands of long hair slid down her shoulders, partially obscuring her collarbone. She gently rested her chin on her arm, squeezing her delicate cheeks into an unexpectedly soft and cute curve. But her crimson eyes were full of impatience, making no attempt to hide it. "It's already very late." She paused, then said expressionlessly. "Or are you the kind of pervert who deliberately lets women stay overnight, intending to do something lewd?" "TKT tsk. This is getting more and more outrageous." Such Chen's vision went black. I'm not that kind of person. I'll check you right away. He used the jack to lift queen up, hoping to see a look of panic on her face. However, he failed. The queen remained indifferent, even commenting on the jack with interest. An old-fashioned car repair tool. Interesting. Suchin had no choice but to crawl under the chassis and pretend to take a look. Queen's body is in perfect condition. The modifications are thorough and the parts are as new as if they just came off the factory. But she is a Mecca girl, not a machine. She is a magical creature. Since it is a living organism, we must consider the influence of the mind and spirit on the body. What level of Mecca girl were you when you were first created? He asked as he looked at her. Grade B, Queen said succinctly. The core was solidified three times from B to SS. And perhaps it was these three core solidifications that created Queen's current abnormal attributes. Suchin felt that this must be the problem. Do you remember when it started failing to start? I don't remember. Queen frowned slightly. It seems that part of my memory is missing. When I knew I was myself, I was just a malfunctioning Mecca girl. My headquarters is working hard to repair me because the chairman's daughter needs me to be converted into a Mecca girl suitable for her to pilot. But they haven't succeeded yet. Since I'm already a Srank and they've invested so much money and effort in me, they haven't given up on me yet. As the conversation progressed, Suchin noticed that Queen's frequency of interaction was gradually increasing. He gradually became able to see more information in the other person's panel. Frequency 20 commentary. A champion who should have dominated the track with absolute speed now finds herself lost in awkward corners. As she realizes her wings are being broken bit by bit, she gives up the struggle, letting her soul sink into the depths of darkness. Before her eyes lies only a beautifully empty city, its magnificent exterior replaced by a withered ashescovered heart. After reading Queen's information, Suchin narrowed his eyes, already having a basic understanding of the situation. To put it bluntly, Mecca girls are beings with souls and emotions. Therefore, under certain special circumstances, it is quite reasonable to unfortunately suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder, PTSD. Isn't that right? Chapter 23. Staring intently, I understand your situation. Suchin lowered the jack, pondered for a moment, and said to queen, "Your modification direction is wrong. For example, your current Vortex 3 core is an excellent purple core, but its main improvement is in cornering and stability. You should specialize in speed and burst damage." The queen blinked, a fleeting glint of light in her red eyes. Can it be changed? It can't be changed. Suchin shook his head. What level is my modification shop? We can't get such high-end materials. Besides, even if we replace the modification core for you, it wouldn't make a difference. You've already gone through three modification core solidification processes from B to SS. Unless you can undo the solidification of the previous three modification cores, he paused. Simply put, it means you'll be knocked down from SS level back to B level, starting all over again. Each advancement will be replaced with a modification core that increases speed and burst damage. The queen lowered her eyelashes, her thin lips slightly pursed. After a moment, she turned her head. Then, what suggestions do you have? His tone was indifferent, yet he couldn't hide the hint of disappointment. As for a suggestion, Suchin stared at her thoughtfully. "Change to a module that increases burst damage and speed. The Vortex Emperor 3 really isn't suitable for you. I can tell that the person who installed the modification core on you wanted to turn you into a flawless all-around warrior, but that's impossible. He turned around, took a handkerchief to wipe his hands, and continued. The higher the speed and the more explosive the acceleration, the more difficult it is to control the car. To control it, you have to give up speed. And to achieve top speed, the driver needs to use skill to compensate for the instability when cornering. Who's your driver? He asked without turning around. Tell her not to always prioritize cornering stability. As a driver, how can you do without a spirit of adventure? Do you know what speed and passion are? Where does passion come from without speed? The room fell silent. Suchin focused on wiping the tools on the workbench. Shining curiously looked back and forth between Queen and Suchin, her cat ears twitching like little radars and her tails swaying restlessly. "If only she and the others thought the same way you do." After a while, Queen muttered something under her breath. "What did you say?" Suchin asked, turning his head with the wrench in hand. But Queen had already returned to human form. The room's dim light seemed to paint her with the afterglow of the setting sun. Her shoulder blades like folded wings, graceful and delicate. Her spine flowing smoothly down to her slender waist, then outlining a perfect peach-shaped curve. Her snow white skin almost glowed in the dim light like the finest pearls. The queen's sophistication and perfection were completely out of place in the dilapidated workspace, like a stunning addition to a black and white painting. Suchin had been with countless women in his previous life, but I still couldn't help but hold my breath. Have you seen enough? Queen didn't turn around, her cool voice carrying just the right amount of sarcasm. Your heart is beating faster now. You really are a pervert who would have inappropriate thoughts about Mecca girls. Suchin subconsciously looked away. But then I thought, this is his territory, and it's Queen himself who doesn't hide. So why should he hide? Look, I'm going to watch. Stare intently. I'm looking at your starshine stigmata. Suchin stared at Queen's slender waist and argued righteously. There are mysterious silver patterns there, shaped like shark gills. Those must be the starshine stigmata. Oh," Queen said casually, slowly putting on her skirt, black stockings, and high heels. "Humans are always good at making excuses for their behavior." She buttoned her coat and turned around, her fair chin slightly raised, her red eyes staring directly at Suchin like an elegant swan scrutinizing the tourists on the shore. "I will consider your suggestion." She walked towards the door. He paused slightly as he reached the door, then took out a stack of coins and placed them on the clutter table beside the door. Before Suchin could react, she had already pushed open the door and left. Only a light, fleeting sentence echoed in the corridor. Spend money to renovate the shop. It looks like a dog house. The door closed. The workspace fell silent. Only a faint fragrance lingered. TSK, what a mess. Suchin looked at his wasteland style shop. The ceiling was peeling, and the incandescent bulbs were old, flickering, and wobbling. But none of this affected his disdain for Queen's assessment. A mountain is not high because of its height, but because of the immortals dwelling there. This is a humble abode, but my virtue shines through. What does she know? Meow. Master, what do you mean by that? Shing Ming leaned closer. her cat ears perking up curiously. The shower gel on her body mixed with a unique milk candy scent instantly dispelled the lingering fragrance left by the queen. It means that good steel should be used where it's most needed. Suchin counted the three stacks of banknotes left by queen a total of 40,000 yuan plus the competition prize money for a total of 70,000 yuan. The quarterly rent for the modification shop is 8,000. This money is enough for him to pay 2 years rent. However, he didn't plan to do that. He would only keep 8,000 for rent and use the rest to upgrade Star Dream. Here, Shing Ming, this is for you. Suchin counted 50 yuins of separation into Shing Mings hand. You've worked hard at the Bingjo underground tournament. Here's your pocket money. Take it and buy whatever you want. Shining Ming stared blankly at the money in her hand, her cat tail ceasing to wag. Master, you don't need to give me money. Take it if I give it to you. Go buy whatever flavor of nutrient solution you like. Suchin is now rich and he flaunts his wealth with a wave of his hand. But Hosino bit her red lips, her voice barely audible. Can a Mecca girl like me even get pocket money? Why can't I have one? Suchin raised an eyebrow. We have a bond contract, so what's wrong with me giving you some pocket money? Besides, you're a sir Mecca girl now. You can walk all over the place, even among newbies. Shing Ming was amused by Such Chen's words and puffed out her cheeks. Master, I'm not a big crab. Her eyes darted around, her cat ears twitched, and she accepted the 5,000 yuan, rubbing her hands together like a greedy woman. He he I'm going to make a fortune. She wagged her tail rapidly. Master, shall we go shopping together later? Okay. Suchin nodded. This world has a shopping mall that is open to Mecca girls and pilots. Only pilots and Mecca girls with Mecha Girl pilot licenses are qualified to enter. He happened to need to purchase a batch of materials for making the modification core. You might be able to find it inside this shopping mall. Star Dream already has a Star Stigmata slot, but he hasn't looked into the Starry Stigmata's information or price yet. If the price is right, I'll choose another Star Stigmata for Starream. With the City Championship approaching, we must do our best to improve the performance of Star Dream. This is an open competition, an authoritative competition officially organized by the organizers. Those who can participate in the city championship are either the top amateur drivers or professional drivers from clubs. He and Shing struggled even to run an underground race in Bingjo city. So the city championship would be an even greater challenge for them. Chapter 24. The Canary Headquarters of the Voice of the Night. The crystal chandelier cast the cold light and the Italian leather sofa exuded an air of luxury. The entire hall was like a meticulously polished diamond, perfect and luxurious, yet utterly devoid of warmth. Queen, where have you been? We've been looking for you for ages. None of your business. Queen rolled her eyes at the middle-aged woman. She now has a month of absolute freedom. They can go wherever they want without having to report to the woman in the suit. I was just worried about you. The middle-aged woman wasn't angry. Instead, she smiled. As long as the queen comes back, it's fine. Even if she gets a good scolding, it's no problem. But she knew Queen wasn't that vulgar. This beautiful Mecca girl was best known for her sarcastic and sarcastic remarks. Queen walked to the sofa and sat down, her soft body sinking into the plush back rest, as languid as a dozing cat. She glanced at the middle-aged woman and said calmly. Jessica, what are your plans for modifying me next? Let me see. Jessica's eyes lit up upon hearing this. Okay, I'll go get it right away. After a while, she came over with a document and handed it to Queen. The queen simply rolled her eyes a few times, her brows furrowing deeply. The headquarters of the Knights Voice is developing a modified core for the Vortex Emperor 4, which is also designed for cornering and stability in preparation for replacing her Vortex Emperor 3. They will also be replacing her Starshine Stigmata, removing the original Wild Hunt three-piece set plus Eternal Heart fragment combination, and replacing it with a Roundtable Knights two-piece set plus angel heart two-piece set combination. The latter two plus two combination is more inclined towards a comprehensive improvement. It doesn't focus on acceleration and burst damage like the Wild Hunt three-piece set. Theoretically speaking, both the Vortex 4 and the 2 plus two are better than her current modifications. But the queen always felt uncomfortable. A voice inside her told her that these seemingly great modifications weren't what she wanted. What she wanted was speed, the ultimate burst of power, not some so-called all-rounder. "How is it, Queen?" Jessica asked expectantly. This is a custommade modification plan from headquarters. It will definitely completely fix you up. Not very good. Queen shook her head. The core modification should focus on enhancing speed and burst damage. Submit the application for me. Jessica's expression changed slightly upon hearing this. Queen, I'm afraid that won't work. Why? Queen's red eyes narrowed slightly and the air seemed to grow colder. The modification plan headquarters has given you is to improve your performance in all aspects. Otherwise, you are not qualified to become Mrs. Mecca girl. Miss is now an S-class pilot. And her requirement for Mecca girls is that they must be excellent in every aspect. If you can't meet the requirements, you will not be able to appear on the track. Being unable to go to the racetrack is a rather harsh punishment for Mecca girls. The queen no longer remembers how she entered the voice of the knight. However, the knight's voice is the largest and most famous club in Glory province, and most Mecca girls wouldn't refuse it. Which Mecca girl wouldn't want to follow a skilled pilot in the future? The headquarters of the Voice of the Night is full of skilled and capable drivers. You'll fix me, right? The queen emerged from her confusion and stared directly at the middle-aged woman. "That's natural," Jessica nodded. "All the modifications headquarters has devised for you right now are to fix you and get you back up and running. The modification experts analyze that the reason you can't start is that your core can't handle your current performance. So, we need to continue to improve your stability and range." The queen remained silent for a moment. She truly felt that her stability and endurance were sufficient. The inability to start is definitely not a problem with stability or battery life. But saying all this is useless. Those modification experts only care about the data. Okay? She replied casually. I understand. You've agreed to the new modification plan? Jessica asked in surprise. The queen looked at the middle-aged woman before her, her eyes filled with deep impatience. The voice of the knight disregarded all her opinions, yet insisted on going through the motions of seeking her consent. It's as if she really likes these modification plans, but what can she do if she doesn't agree? She cannot start. She will be imprisoned here like a bird in a cage. I agree. Her voice was flat. But I'll make my own arrangements for this month. No problem at all. Jessica breathed a sigh of relief. Good thing she agreed. If we can persuade this old lady, her bonus will be secured. I want a ticket to the city championship, Queen said, holding up one finger. No problem. I'll get it for you. I'll give you the best VIP seats, Jessica readily agreed. Change the bedroom wallpaper to pink. Buy a game console and a life-siz panda plushy. Okay, I'll send someone to arrange it right away. Jessica noted down Queen's requirements on her phone. Any other requirements? That's all. Queen closed her eyes and sank even deeper into the sofa. She originally wanted Jessica to investigate Such Chun and Shing Mings information, but then she realized that doing so might cause trouble for Such Chen and Shing Ming. She was initially just a little curious about Suchin since it was quite rare to see a modifier also being a driver. However, the various suggestions Suchin had made made her realized that Suchin seemed to understand her better than the modification team at the headquarters of the voice of the night. She wanted to see, let's see how far Such Chin and Shing Mang can go. Can seagulls truly thrive better than canaries in a storm? Having become Such Chen's Mecca girl, Shing Ming naturally had to live in the modification shop. Such Chin specially prepared a room for Shing Ming. I thought that Shing Ming being a girl would have a lot of luggage. All that was left was a small piggy bank and a catad pattern mat. Suchin was so angry that he told Shing Ming to sleep in his bed. And of course, he slept with Shing Ming. A sofa. It's so cold outside at night. Sleeping on the floor is impossible. He's not that much of a gentleman and he won't compromise himself. Besides, the bed is so big and there's a dividing line between it and the bed with one person sleeping at the head and the other at the foot and he doesn't plan to do anything. And this is just a temporary solution. The next morning, Such Chin led Shing Ming to the supermarket. Welcome to Star God Shopping Mall. Hashugami Huagu, a large-scale marketplace dedicated to serving pilots and Mecca girls. You can buy almost all the resources that pilots and Mecca girls need here. The prerequisite is that you have to have money. In addition, some valuable resources can only be obtained through barter. This is a very high-tech hemispherical building, somewhat reminiscent of the Sydney Opera House. I wonder what materials it is made of. Although it appears to be made of glass on all sides, it doesn't reflect the intense, dazzling sunlight like glasswood. The light here is soft. The temperature is just right. The female support staff greeting guests at the entrance had snow white thighs. Suchin stared intently at the logistics girl's thighs for a while. It wasn't that he was leerous. He was mainly curious whether wearing boots on such a hot day would make his feet feel stuffy. Mecca girls shouldn't have athletes foot, right? I didn't smell it on Hashino's feet. After showing his Mecca pilot's license, Suchin led Shing Ming into the store. Right in front of you is a new product display and sales booth for Mecca Girl Nutrient Solution. The variety of nutrient solutions, including bubble tea, cherry blossom wine, and cappuccino, was dazzling, making Such Chin and Shing Mings eyes dazzled. Would you like to try the new flavor, sir? The new flavor might suit your Mecca girl and could even improve your chemistry with her. A support female robot dressed in a maid's dress walked up to the two of them with a sweet yet smug smile on her face. She was holding a bottle of nutrient solution. It has a plum and bitter melon flavor. Chapter 25. What are you standing there for? To be honest, Suchin felt dizzy when he saw this flavor. Plums so sour they're unbearable. Bitter melon undeniably bitter. Sour and bitter? You're kidding. We mean that if we can't develop new flavors, we don't have to. Would any organic mom really be willing to drink ginger, garlic, durian, or chili flavored drinks? The same principle applies to the flavor of plum and bittermelon. He shook his head and was about to take Shings hand and walk away. But then she discovered that her own robot girl was staring longingly at the nutrient solution, her pink little tongue licking her lips almost imperceptibly. She seemed to really want to try it. This thought popped into Such Chen's mind. Nutrient solution is the most basic energy resource for Mecca girls. Its price is not expensive. Common fruit flavors are around 500 rays, while some rare flavors can reach 800 0 r. Unsold items will be discounted. Plum and bitter melon are clearly of average taste. Since it's a new product, there's a 20% discount, so the price is 400 yuan. Want to give it a try? Suchin asked Shing Ming. Shing Ming abruptly withdrew her gaze, shaking her little head vigorously. No, no need, Meow. My energy is still full. I don't need any more nutrient solution. Shinming recalled the first time she and Wong tinging came to Haldu. It was the same booth with the same new products. She only glanced in this direction before Wong Ting pulled her away. What are you looking at? You want to try it? Do you even deserve it? 400 yan isn't much money, is it? Just drink the discounted ginger and chili flavor. It's just for energy. The taste doesn't matter. Wan Tinging mean-spirited appearance is still vivid in my mind. So her first reaction was to shake her head. But you look like you really want to drink. Suchin said to the logistics girl, "Give me a bottle and a cappuccino, too. They seem to be new products." "Yes, sir. You are so kind to your Mecca girl." The logistics Mecca Girls smile grew even sweeter. She could tell that Starream's energy was abundant. Even so, the pilots were still willing to spend money, even if it was just to let the Mecca girls have a taste. This only proves two things. Either the driver is not short of money, or they simply do on their own Mecca girls. Before Shingman could react, she already had two bottles of nutrient solution in her hand. One bottle has a red and green packaging with plum and bitter melon prints on it. While the other bottle has a coffee colored packaging with cappuccino written on it, "Master, don't waste your money. You worked hard to earn it. So, let's cancel the contract." She drooped her ears and muttered something about putting the nutrient solution back, but Suchin stopped her. "Am I the master or are you the master?" He pressed his hand on Shing Mings fluffy little head and said in a deliberately fierce tone, "Are you teaching me how to do things?" "No, I don't dare to meow." Shing Ming shrank her neck and pressed her ears against the ground like airplane ears. "Then drink it." Shing Ming obediently tasted both nutrient solutions. She sipped her food slowly, her cheeks puffing out slightly like a greedy little hamster. "How is it? Is it good?" "Delicious!" Meow. Dash. Ching Ming licked her lips. Her big eyes narrowed into crescent moons and her tail swayed gently behind her. Which one do you prefer? I prefer. Shing Ming tilted her head and thought for a moment, her cat ears twitching slightly. Plum bitter melon meow. This answer was unexpected by Suchin. Could it be that there's more to this plum and bitter melon than meets the eye? Why? because Shing Ming paused, her big eyes looking intently at Suchin. It's like meeting master. She doesn't seem to be good at saying things like that. As soon as she finished speaking, a faint pink blush rose to her face, and the tips of her ears were tinged with a rosy hue. Huh? Does that mean I'm both bitter and sour? Suchin rolled his eyes. He only knew that plums and bitter melons must be sour and astringent. Little did they know that its aftertaste was sweet, and for Shing Ming, that was the taste of happiness. Shing Ming chuckled and offered no explanation. She gently tugged at Such Chen sleeve, skipping and hopping beside him, humming a cheerful song with an unclear melody. The star god while shopping mall is quite large with a total of six floors comparable to the VA scratcher in my previous life. Car covers, modification cores, nutrient solutions, race tickets, and various equipment are the main items here. Despite the temptations everywhere, Suchin did not forget his two goals for this trip. Starshine marks and modification materials. Master Shing suddenly stopped in front of a store selling car covers and racing suits, tugged at Such Chen sleeve, and blinked her big eyes, saying, "Master, can I go in and take a look?" Suchin glanced at the store. It was roughly the same as the clothing store from his previous life. Even though she's a fantastical biological machine girl, she's still a girl, and no girl doesn't love beauty. He nodded immediately. Go ahead. Go ahead. Well be there in a bit. Suchin looked around and pointed to the statue in the center of Huawa Plaza. Well meet there later. Okay. Meow. Dash. Such Chin watched Ching Mang walk into the store while he headed towards the shop selling starshine marks. In the clothing store, many Mecca girls are choosing car covers accompanied by their pilots. Car covers are like the clothes of Mecca Girls. They are a type of reusable and recyclable equipment. Without a car cover, the Mecca Girls regeneration outfit is the birthday outfit she wore at birth, and it will also be affected by the modification core if it has a modification core. For example, modifying the core to add a black front lip to the Mecca girl might result in more black fabric on the front of the skirt and chest area when the Mecca girl is in Mecca girl form. Shiming glanced at the display case of car wraps, then turned and went to the display case of racing suits without any hesitation. Racing suits are professional uniforms worn by drivers during races. They incorporate many advanced technologies such as heat insulation, warmth retention, one-click dawning, and one-click undressing. Some multifunctional racing suits from major brands are even more expensive than the racing suits worn by Mecca Girls. Shing stood in front of the racing suit display case, her little hands stroking over each racing suit. The variety of racing suits in front of her dazzled her, but she knew her goal very well. Such Chin was wearing a very old cycling jersey during last night's race. That's not a proper racing suit at all. She wants to buy Master a good one. It needs to be multi-unctional, and the clothes need to be flattering and look good, she muttered to herself, her ears twitching slightly. It can't be too expensive. I can't afford it, but it can't be too cheap either. Meow. She ran to the corner, smashed open the kitten piggy bank, and counted the coins inside. Part of it was her savings from when she was with wanting and the majority was the allowance such gave her last night totaling 5,200 yan. The extra 200 yan was almost entirely money that one ting gave her to buy nutrient solution. Compared to the discounted strange tasting nutrient solution, there was an even cheaper one that was diluted with water. This 200 yan was saved little by little. 5,200 credits should be enough to buy a mid-quality racing suit. Meow. Shing Ming walked back and forth in front of the display cases, carefully checking the labels and functional descriptions of each racing suit. It nods or shakes its head gently from time to time, its tail swaying gently in rhythm with its thoughts. This has good insulation, but it doesn't have a one button putting on and taking off function. Meow. This looks cool, but it's way too expensive. Meow. This all black outfit, well, it doesn't quite suit master style. Finally, a silver white racing suit with blue patterns caught her attention. Shing Mings eyes lit up, and she took it down to examine it closely. This one is perfect for master, she muttered to herself, stroking the fabric. It has moderate heat insulation, a one button put on and take off function, a basic protective layer, and it looks really cool. Meow. It's even the same color as Star Dream's original car cover. She glanced at the price tag, 5,99 yuan, which was almost all her savings. Having always lived a frugal life, Shing Ming hesitated for a moment, but quickly nodded firmly. It's okay. Meow. Master is always so good to me. This is the first time Shing Ming can buy something from Master, so I must buy something that is most suitable for Master. The robot girl's eyes are comparable to those of a precision measuring instrument. Shing Ming effortlessly found the perfect size for Such Chin, then ran to the cashier with the racing suit in her arms. I want this racing suit. Meow. Check out meow. The cashier, a support female operator, smiled and nodded. You have a good eye. This item is running low. It's one of our hotselling items. It costs 5,099 yuan in total. After Shing Ming paid, the logistics girl packed up the racing suit and couldn't help but ask, "Was this spot for your driver?" "Yes, meow." Shing Ming took the bag and nodded excitedly, her fluffy cat ears twitching slightly. Master is usually very good to me, so I should be even better to master. This is my first gift to master. On the other side, Suchin entered a shop that specializes in selling starshine marks. He thought he had a little money now, but he was still shocked when he saw the price of the starshine stigmata. Like the modification core, the starshine stigmata are divided into seven levels: white, green, blue, purple, gold, platinum, and diamond. The cheapest is the white starry stigmata, which generally costs between 20,000 and 50,000. A complete set of starry stigmata is even more expensive, costing twice as much as the original price of two white starry stigmata. Who the hell can afford this? I'm out of here. Guest, are you here to purchase starlight stigmata for our mecha girl? Just as Suchin was about to leave the shop, a support female robot approached him with great enthusiasm. She looked Suchin up and down, a smirk playing on her lips. It's obvious you're buying Starshine marks for the first time. You probably don't know much about them and wonder which kind would suit our Mecca girl. We happen to be having a promotion today. How about I explain it to you while you see if you'd like to participate. Oh, Suchin narrowed his eyes. Explanation promotional activity. Oho. Is this an attempt to brainwash Sue? Back in the day, He Su had been through countless battles and tour groups. We'll show this world's brainwashing culture what it means to be completely impervious to reason. He stopped walking, found a chair, sat down, and glanced sideways at the logistics girl. What are you standing there for? Get me a glass of water. Chapter 26. Explosives, fish, and dogs. The logistics girl poured Suchin a glass of cola. Suchin took a sip and glanced around. The shop was very large and there were quite a few support robot girls, almost all of them in a one-on-one mode. The logistics girl in front of him had clearly set her sights on him. Sir, do you know how the starshine mark is formed? Suchin shook his head. The logistics Mecca girl pondered for a moment and said, "Many years ago, the star god world was invaded by alien creatures many times. In order for us to be prepared for danger in times of peace, the star god created several Nebula secret realms. In the Nebula secret realms, various crisis events that occurred in history will be recreated. Pilots and Mecca girls will play some of the roles. If you can successfully pass the Nebula secret realm, you will receive the star god's blessing. This blessing is the starry holy mark. Sounds like a special material dungeon. Suchin asked in surprise. Dungeon? What's that? The logistics girl tilted her head. It's nothing. Suchin waved his hand. So, what about those alien creatures? Are they still invading the star god world? No, they were all wiped out by the star god. This was good news. And Suchin breathed a sigh of relief. Although this world is clearly not low in martial arts, as long as there are no wars of this kind, it's fine. I'm very interested in the star goddess, Suchin said. But I've only just become a Mecca girl pilot, and my understanding of these things is only superficial. Could you? Of course. The logistics Mecca Girl nodded. The star god is not one person, but for people, to be precise, one pilot and three Mecca girls. If we have to say, the star god should specifically refer to one of the Mecca girls. She is named after the stars and her grace still covers the entire star god world. All the systematic piloting technology in the star god world was left by the pilot of the star god. To put it bluntly, without the four star gods, there would be no star god world as we know it today. The Mecca girls were all born in the sea of star gods. Suchen understood immediately. These four are equivalent to creator gods. Even if they are not the first generation of gods, they are the kind that bring about the change of dynasties. So, are these four still in the star god world? No. The logistics girl's expression suddenly became devout. She put her hands together in a prayer-like gesture and said softly, "Do you know why no enemy has dared to invade the star god world since then? It's because the star gods are traveling in the endless universe. They sacrificed themselves, perhaps never to return home, but they wiped out all the enemies of the star god world and protected it behind them. That's amazing. Suchin dislikes extreme heroism except for the star god quartet who sacrificed themselves for the greater good. There is no such thing as a peaceful and tranquil life. It's just that someone is bearing the burden. The value of this statement continues to grow. So sir, the logistics girl's eyes lit up as she excitedly approached Suchin, saying, "Buying Starshine marks is supporting the cause of the star gods. Our shop is having a promotion today. I know you don't have much money, but opening blind boxes doesn't cost much either. If you win the grand prize, you'll make a killing." Suchin shrank back. The logistics girl was too close. Men and women should not touch each other. And besides, she's not as cute as Shing Ming. TSK, don't listen to her bragging. A flippant voice rang out nearby. The real way to support the star gods cause is to actively participate in the Nebula secret realm and collect Omega or from within. Starshine marks are just a side reward. Roar. Who is it? Who's ruining my plans? As soon as he finished speaking, Such Chin saw the originally gentle and kind logistics girl's clothes suddenly burst open. She transformed from a cute 1.6 m tall girl into a 1.9 m tall, muscular, and ferocious sheevil. Her fierce eyes swept over the voice like knives. But the moment she saw the person, the anger on her face turned into mockery and contempt. Oh, who is this? Isn't this Mr. Yuming, the unlucky one? here to open blind boxes again. Don't be a sour grapes. After all, not every driver is as unlucky as you. Opening over 300,000 yon worth of blind boxes and not getting a single starry stigmata. Yuming, who was standing in front of the gasapon machine, immediately turned pale while the machine girl next to him, Juing, covered her mouth and chuckled. Shut up. Yuming pointed at the logistics Mecca girl, his neck stiff with arrogance. No matter what, I've already spent 300,000 recycle you on here today. Even if I don't get anything, I'm still God. God, understand? Oh, I don't quite understand, Dash. The logistics girl shrunk back to her Q. 1.6 m height. The car cover automatically repaired itself, she slowly said while shaving her nails. So, what if it's 300,000 yuan? Customers who haven't made a purchase here are gods. And customers who have made a purchase are all bastards. That's the truth. Because no one would want to play that ridiculous gasopon machine a second time. Yum. Ming got carried away. I'm going to file a complaint against you. Complaint hotline 825111. I can call it for you. The logistics girl remained unmoved. Yumings lips twitched. He took a deep breath and finally gave up on confronting this logistics girl head on. The logistics girl clearly knew the deal was off. She abandoned Suchin and walked away, her attitude completely different from before. Yuming walked over with Xaing. The handsome man in the black jacket smiled slightly and said, "We meet again, Mr. Black Horse." Such Chin stared at Yuming for a while, a look of confusion appearing on his face. "Who are you? Yumings outstretched right hand froze in midair. Suchin, the chief racing car modifier on Earth, has a problem. Face blindness. If someone isn't someone he sees frequently, he won't recognize them the next day. Oh, I remember now. You're from the Northern Wolf Caravan. With Yumings prompting, Suchin suddenly realized. Fish dog. Yuming. I didn't want to fry the fish either. It was just my task. Yuming shrugged inside. I gave you guys a full 40 seconds, but in the end, Zhuing and I still took first place. What could I do? Such looked at the shadowchaser and its various attributes came into view. It can be described as quite gorgeous, but it still falls short of the queens. Suchin, you drive a midsize sedan, right? Yuming shrugged. So what? I gave you 40 seconds, too. But you drive a midsize car. Performance isn't the most important factor for Mecca girls. Technology is key. Do you understand what technology is? You drive a midsize sedan. H. Can you please stop focusing on this? B-class car. Yum. Yu. Suchin. B. Yum. Me. Suchin. Fried fish dog. Yum. Ming. The conversation was going nowhere. He thought Such Chen's skills were good and wanted to be friends with him. Such Chin is probably an off-road racer and he's thinking of inviting Suchin to join the Northern Wolves in the future. He thought that techies would at least have some mutual respect, but they couldn't have a conversation at all. He's a professional driver after all. He shouldn't bother with amateur drivers. Yuming took a deep breath and forced a smile. Dude, your mecha girl should have reached C rank by now, right? S rank has stigma slots. You must be here to buy slots. I have a gotcha coin here. Here you go. Such eyes lit up when he saw the gas upon coins. What a kind person. I just found out that one Gasapon coin costs 2,000 yan. Why don't you smoke it yourself? He asked. Yuming handed the gasapon coin to Suchin, a bitter smile on his face. I've already spent 300,000 Gasapon coins. I'm afraid I'll get another thank you for your patronage and get hooked again. That's it. You can have it. Let's end it all here. Suchin took the gas upon coin and looked at Yuming. If I get something good, you won't ask me for it, will you? No, don't worry. Yuming chuckled and said nonchalantly. No matter what, I'm still a member of Northern Wolf T2, and I still have my pride. Besides, what I give you is yours, and no one can say anything about it. Moreover, this gota event is a trap. I don't think you'll get anything good. That's fine. Then, Suchin nodded. He turned and walked toward the Gasapon machine. The gasopon machine has 10 compartments corresponding to 10 coin slots. Each compartment contains 30 gas hap upon capsules which undoubtedly increases the difficulty of winning the prize as you don't even know which compartment contains the prize. But just now when the eye of God activated to see the shadowchasing attribute, Suchin saw blurry text floating on each compartment of the Gasapon machine. I initially thought they were flies or mosquitoes flying around, but upon closer inspection, I realized they were the reward information for each trading position. In other words, he can clearly see which positions offer prizes and which do not. Suchin blinked, a slight smile playing on his lips. Interesting. Chapter 27. Emperor Engine. Suchin originally thought that the eye of God was only used to check the performance of the Mecca girls. Now I roughly understand that the eye of God can also see through illusions. So here's the question. Seeing through clothes is also a way of seeing through illusions. So why not let him see pure white? Could it be that this world also possesses the power of the divine river? Suchin composed himself, walked past the doors of the 10 Gapon machines and finally stopped in front of the second to last door. Yumings assessment that this gas upon event was a ripoff was absolutely true. Of the 10 warehouse doors, only one contains the Starshine Stigma reward. Gotcha pulls are guaranteed to give you something, but 99% of the rewards are high energy nutrient solutions, and the only slightly worthwhile items are ordinary car covers and racing suits. However, this store did not offer any discounts on the rewards. Suchin looked up at the banner on the Gasapon machine. anniversary sale. The first 10 gacha coins you collect will receive a 20% discount with a chance to win up to a purple starshine stigmata. Let luck smile upon you. Inside the warehouse door in front of him was a purple starlight holy mark, which was also the ultimate gimmick of this promotional event. At this moment, pilots are still leading female Mecca to open blind boxes in front of the cargo door. Every time a blind box is opened, a funnel-shaped machine above the cargo door will replenish it with another blind box. In other words, the probability of drawing a purple starry stigmata is always one in 300. Isn't this bull demon king ripping us off? There's not even a pity system. Suchin stood in front of the warehouse door and observed for a while. This gasopon machine is somewhat similar to a claw machine. After inserting a coin, you can control the mechanical claw to grab the blind box. Fortunately, the shop owner wasn't too outrageous because from what he saw so far, the mechanical claw was firmly gripping and wouldn't suddenly release when it lifted up. The purple stigmata is now pressed down at the bottom. To get his hands on it, he would first have to clear out all the blind boxes on it. Having a basic understanding of the situation, Such Chin inserted a coin and began the operation. Not far away, Yuming breathed a sigh of relief. Finally, the sins have been released. I'm never coming to this store to buy blind boxes again. It's a [ __ ] ripoff. Xuing clicked his tongue. This wasn't the first time Yuming had said something like this. I feel like I'll die if I don't try to buy some blind boxes after every competition. Seeing Suchin's serious expression, she couldn't help but ask, "Master, do you think Suchin might get a good item on his first try?" Yuming glanced at Suchin and laughed out loud. "How is that possible? I spent 300,000 yan and got nothing. If he could kill me in one shot, I would drink all the nutrient solution I extracted." 300,000 yuan. It was all nutrient solution and boxes of it were piled up like mountains behind him. While the two were talking, Suchin had already taken out the first blind box. Although Yuming said that, he still couldn't help but stand on tiptoe to look. And then he saw Suchin open a bottle of Nutrient Solutions spicy chili flavor. H, I knew it. Yuming smiled knowingly. He thought Suchin would give up at that point. After all, judging from Such Chen's clothes, he didn't seem like a rich person. He was also a rookie driver. If he had money, he would usually save it to buy modification cores and wouldn't spend it recklessly. The next second, Such Chin walked towards the exchange machine and clattered out 10 gas upon coins. Wait, buddy. Yuming was stunned for a moment, then quickly went over to dissuade Suchin. Brother, making money isn't easy. This promotion is a trap. Don't get carried away. Suchin nodded. Don't worry, I won't get worked up. Yuming pursed his lips, thinking that Suchin probably just wanted to have some fun by doing a temple. That's all right. The losses are still within acceptable limits. Suchin returned to the second warehouse door and calmly fired 10 more shots. Without a doubt, it's all nutrient solution. He also discovered a problem. Every time he grabbed a blind box from the top, the machine would spit out a new blind box. There's a chance that new blind boxes will be recovered, which doubles the workload. The originally planned 10 draws were simply not enough. So, he turned around to exchange for 10 more gason coins, only to find that Yuming and had surrounded the exchange machine on either side. "You mustn't. Don't get carried away," Yuming said earnestly. Didn't you just say you wouldn't smoke anymore? Take my advice and stop. Suchin walked up to the exchange machine and turned left and right. Yuming and Jaing followed suit, turning left and right even more closely than basketball stars. He was speechless. This person means well, but why does he seem to be a bit of a busy buddy? Stop. Yuming cried out in anguish. Don't be so stubborn, sir. If the redemption machine doesn't work, you can also redeem your money from me. The logistics girl who had left earlier suddenly appeared in front of Suchin with a smile, holding a basket full of gas upon coins in her arms. Thank you. I applaud your service quality. Suchin gave a thumbs up and exchanged 20 gason coins. The logistics girl's smile deepened. Sales figures. All sales figures. Haha. It's over. He's really gone mad. Yuming sighed, covering his face. So, master, seeing him should make you understand how devastated I was just now, right? Shuing crossed his arms and glared at Yuming. 300,000 yuan. Although it's just a drop in the ocean compared to the modification cost she needs, modification costs have to be saved up little by little. I understand now. I understand perfectly. Those involved are often confused while bystanders see things clearly. He's already getting angry now that he's put himself in the shoes of the character he's chasing. Suchin quickly drew 20 coins and the blind box containing the purple holy mark finally reached the top and the latest blind boxes were also placed next to it. In other words, he can get this purple holy mark on his last draw. He looked at the logistics girl who immediately understood and came over to hand him the basket with both hands. Dude, you're still smoking? Yuming was really angry and grabbed Such Chen's hand as he took out his money. He also started as a rookie driver. Don't be fooled by his current wealth. He went through a long period of hardship before. He knew that every penny in the initial stage was important and it was highly inadvisable to waste it on blind boxes. Think about your Mecca girl. Think about your future. With this money, you can definitely take your Mecca girl to the next level. He didn't know why Such Chen's Mecca girl wasn't with him, but he still tilted his head slightly towards the outside of the store. Your robot girl is still waiting for you. Hey, if you keep doing this, I'll kick you out, the logistics girl said angrily, hands on her hips. Mr. Yuming, your behavior is hindering our work. I'm calling the enforcement team. Whether or not someone spends money is their own business. Besides, what if they win the grand prize? Aren't you cutting off their livelihood? Yuming laughed angrily. Don't you know whether I can win your grand prize or not? I've already spent 300,000. That's just your bad luck. The logistics girl clicked her tongue. Suchin glanced at the logistics robot girl and then at Yuming. Actually, everyone is fine. It's just a matter of different perspectives. Yuming felt that he hadn't spent his money wisely, while the logistics girl thought that his gambler mentality was a fitting end. But I'll just pull one last shot. Suchin smiled gently and said to Yumi and the logistics girl, "What if I hit the jackpot on the last shot?" Yuming smiled brightly. Brother, well, whatever. Exactly. The logistics girl clapped her hands repeatedly, showering him with flattery. Sir, you look like one of those exceptionally lucky people. Really? Suchin's lips curled into a smile. If I win the grand prize, you won't dock my pay, will you? The logistics girl's pretty face stiffened for a moment, then she shook her head. How could that be? That was your luck. What does it have to do with me? Okay. Suchin nodded and inserted the gasopon coin. Under his control, the robotic arm precisely gripped the blind box containing the purple stigmata. The metal claws did not open intentionally thud. The blind box fell into the hole. Suchin bent down, picked up the blind box, and then opened it in front of the logistics girl and Yuming. Inside, platinum paper wrapped a box that looked about the same size as the nutrient solution box. Upon opening the box, a hazy purple light immediately catches the eye. Inside, a metal piece shaped like a computer memory stick encased in an amethyst shell lies quietly in the center of the box. Starlight Stigmata Emperor Engine Amethyst. This information appeared on Such Chen's retina. Chapter 28. The Gasapon ban. The purple glows spread almost throughout the entire hall. Everyone's eyes turned to look at them. What? What? What? Yumings eyes widened, pointing at the holy mark in Such Chen's hand, stammering for a long time without being able to speak. No, buddy. What are you doing with that potion? Are you trying to scare me to death? The person next to him, Juing, was also looking dumbfounded. The logistics girl was dumbfounded, frozen in place as if petrified. Someone has won the grand prize, someone shouted. All the pilots and female pilots in the store swarmed around. Everyone stared at the purple holy mark in Such Chen's hand with shining eyes. But this was quickly followed by envy, jealousy, and hatred. I've spent 70 or 80,000 draws and still haven't gotten it. How did he get it? Someone exclaimed in frustration. Aa, I can't take it anymore. Why wasn't I the winner? Someone cried out in despair. Brother, are you selling your purple holy mark? The price is negotiable. Someone had already set their sights on the holy mark and approached Suchin. You want to buy it? Suchin raised an eyebrow. It is known that with the help of the eye of God, he can win the prize 100% of the time. If this purple stigma can fetch a good price, he can use the money to try his luck in the lottery. Moreover, it is estimated that there will still be a considerable amount left for modifications to Star Dream. However, the attribute bonuses from these purple stigmata are really amazing. Such Chun looked at the Star Shine Mark Emperor Engine and couldn't help but sigh at the plus 12 speed attribute below the amethyst. The difference between the stigmata and the modified core is that it does not have negative enhancements. However, it seems that a single stigma piece only provides basic attribute bonuses. Only when the set is complete will there be a percentage bonus and some special effects. He didn't know what the special effects of the four piece or even five piece emperor engine set were, but they were certainly not simple. Buy, I'm willing to pay 1 million yan. The man was overjoyed when he saw that Suchin seemed willing to sell. Suchin's eyes lit up. 1 million yuan, a huge sum of money. However, the price was definitely more than that. He was thinking about what price to bargain when the driver in front of him was suddenly pushed aside. Buy my ass. Yuming angrily pointed at the driver. You think you can buy a purple holy mark for a million yan? Eat [ __ ] Get the hell away from me. Hey, what do you mean? Whether he sells it or not is none of your business. Ignoring the cursing driver, Yuming pulled Suchin aside and said, "Seriously," "Brother, listen to me. Don't sell. Don't sell to anyone who wants to buy it unless they can ask for more than 70 or 80 million." Suchin glanced at Yuming and suddenly asked, "So, are you going to buy it?" Yuming was stunned, then gave a bitter laugh. I can't afford it. Is this thing really that precious? Suchin asked, somewhat puzzled. The purple stigmata only increases speed by 10 points, which isn't a negative increase, but he could easily add five points to the speed attribute with a simple white modification core. At worst, we can use better materials and craft a highle modified core. In any case, a purple or red modification core will definitely provide a greater boost than a purple stigmata. Hey, brother, listen to me. A single purple holy mark isn't much to look at, but once you collect a set, it becomes amazing. Yuming pointed at the people around him and said, "Do you know why Huawagu, a small city in Bingjo, is so popular? Many people came specifically for this stigmata. Countless people have come before us. Countless people have gone bankrupt. But now only you have won it." But Suchin still didn't understand. No butts. Yuming pressed down on Such Chen shoulder, staring into Such Chen's eyes. Do you know about the Nebula secret realm? Suchin nodded. The logistics girl had already explained the material dungeon to him before. Yuming continued, "If you possess a purple level holy mark, you will most likely experience the adventures of an important character when you enter the Nebula Secret Realm. After completing the Nebula secret realm, you will also have a high probability of obtaining the same type of stigmata. Therefore, the purple stigma is not just a highle item. It is also a key. A key that makes it much easier for you to collect a complete set of stigmata while others can only obtain one through luck. Suchin suddenly realized if that's the case, then it really can't be sold. Firstly, he didn't know the specifics of the Nebula secret realm, but he figured the chances of getting a purple holy mark were definitely low. After all, Queen is an SS class Mecca girl without any background. And the only stigmata she is equipped with are the blue wild hunt three-piece set and a purple eternal hard piece. In conclusion, the value of the purple stigmata must be extremely high. And it's the kind of item that's priced but unavailable. If you're unlucky, you might never get a purple stigma in your entire life. Suchin didn't consider himself a very lucky person. Otherwise, with such a wide national highway, why would a fully insured semi-tra have to crash into it? His driving skills are pretty good. He didn't even manage to avoid such a heavy fully insured semi-tra. It's like it's equipped with a homing missile. Who can withstand that? I understand. I won't sell it. Suchin sincerely thanked him. Thank you for telling me so much. It's good that you listened. Yuming breathed a sigh of relief and smiled. Do you have a better impression of me now? Yes, it's been completely elevated. Oh, tell me about it. You're a good dash. Suchin paused. Party fish dog. Yuming. He regretted it. Damn it. Such Chun, that piece of [ __ ] should have sold the purple holy mark for a million. Sir, I'm sorry to bother you. The logistics girl approached at this moment, smiling apologetically. Could you sell us this purple stigmata? Don't worry, the price will definitely satisfy you. Good heavens. The logistics girls are on the verge of a breakdown. This purple stigma is the shop owner's prize possession. He only brought it out as a gimmick and never thought anyone could win it. Suchin pondered for a moment, then asked seriously, "Ben, if I don't sell, will you have your salary docked?" "Yes." The logistics girl's smile became a little more strained, and she clasped her hands together. "Please give me a chance." Suchin smiled, narrowing his eyes. "He then I won't sell. Logistics girl. Are you sure?" She clenched her fists, gritted her teeth and glared at him angrily. Suchin took a half step back and hugged the purple holy mark to his chest. What is this logistics robot girl trying to do? Is he going to suddenly attack and hurt someone? Thinking about the Mecca girl's monstrous strength, Such Chin's heart pounded, but he remained firm. I'm sure. Good. Very good. The logistics girl took a few deep breaths, suddenly pulled a tablet out of her skirt, took a picture of Suchin, and then operated the tablet for a while. Suchin asked in confusion, "What? What are you doing? What are you doing?" "He he?" The logistics girl smirked coldly, pointing at Suchin. "You, you're finished." She held her chin up as arrogantly as a queen announcing the date of a condemned prisoner's execution. I have blacklisted you from all Hu Lego gas upon machines nationwide. Starting today, you will no longer be able to use Gas Hapon machines. He he ha suffer whail tremble suchin. What seems like a misfortune may actually be a blessing in disguise. Not developing a gambling addiction might actually be a good thing. As long as we don't force him to take back his prize, that's fine. Oh, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Suddenly, a noisy commotion arose outside the crowd. A soft female voice was apologizing in a panic. Suchin frowned. That sounds like Shing Mings voice. Chapter 29. Specializing in fried fish. Suchin looked in the direction of the sound. Outside the shop, Hosa was timidly apologizing to a boy in racing gear. Her fluffy cat ears were pressed nervously against her head, and her tail was tucked uneasily between her legs. Beside the boy stood a stern-faced Mecca girl, and neither of them looked too pleased. Don't you have eyes? Don't you watch where you're going? The boy's tone was extremely sarcastic, looking down at Ching with a condescending air. Shing Ming opened her small mouth as if to explain, but the words caught in her throat. Her cat ears drooped sadly, her large, bright blue eyes fixed on her toes, and she repeated softly, "I'm sorry." She carefully presented a brand new white box with both hands. A faint blue glow peaked through the gaps in the box. "It's obvious that the box contains the starshine stigmata, a blue quality one." "H!" The boy snatched the box and sneered. You're lucky you know what's good for you. It's only because the starshine mark can't be broken that you'd be bankrupt from paying compensation. But judging from the performance of your Mecca girl, it's terrible. I bet your pilot is a penniless wretch who can't afford to pay for it. After finishing his sentence, the boy took the Mecca girl and left without doing anything further. Suchin frowned, squeezed through the crowd, and quickly walked to Shings side. What just happened, master? The moment Ching Ming looked up and saw Such Chin, the grievance on her face was instantly replaced by a bright smile. Her cat ears perked up excitedly and her tail wagged happily. She then handed the racing suit she was holding tightly to Sin with both hands, her eyes sparkling with anticipation. Moss, I've been waiting by the statue for ages, but I couldn't wait any longer, so I came to find you. Look, this is a racing suit I specially picked out for you. Does it look good? It's even the same style and color as my racing suit. Her voice carried a cocketish tone like a kitten seeking praise. So, you went to buy me a racing suit? Suchin was taken aback. He had always thought that Shing Ming had gone to pick out a car cover for him. The racing suit looks great. The fabric feels completely different from his cycling gear, so it's clearly not cheap. He probably spent all 5,000 yuan on it. I really like the racing suit. Thank you. A tender touch stirred within Such Chin, and he smiled as he patted Shing Mings little head. He glad you like it. Shing Ming squinted her eyes and happily rubbed her hand against Su Chens palm. Rather than buying a fancy car cover, she would much rather see Suchin wearing a better and more comfortable racing suit. And I wish I could hear more of Such Chen's praise. She waited by the statue for a long time, but Suin didn't come. She almost thought that Suchin had abandoned her. He frantically searched through the crowd, but accidentally caused trouble. "What just happened?" Suchin asked again. "Meow, it's nothing." Shing Ming shook her head and said apologetically, "It's Shing Mings fault. There are too many people here, and Shing Ming is a bit short. I was in a hurry to find Moss, so I accidentally bumped into someone and knocked off their newly bought stigmata. She wasn't telling the truth. She could already see Suchin through the glass when she arrived at the shop entrance. Seeing that Suchin seemed to be busy, they obediently waited outside. It was the boy and the machine girl who bumped into her because they weren't looking where they were going. And then they turned around and blamed her. But the other party could afford expensive stigmata and was wearing a racing suit with obvious club logos. So he looked like someone not to be trifled with. She didn't want to cause suchin any trouble. It's just a little grievance. What does it matter compared to the grievances she suffered by Wangings side? She just needs to protect the happiness she has now. Is that so? Okay. Then Such Chin was unaware of the whole story. And since Shing said that, he didn't take the two people seriously. There are a lot of people at Shing Shinhi Lago, so some bumps and knocks are inevitable. Moreover, he had his own way of comforting Shing Ming. You gave me a gift, so I'll give you one in return. Suchin smiled mysteriously and put his hands behind his back. Meow, can I get a gift, too? Shing Mings eyes lit up, her little tail wagging incessantly. Did Ma buy this especially for me? That's right. Seeing Shimings greedy look, Suchin took out the purple holy mark and handed it to her. The moment the purple light burst forth, the crowd at the shop and trance erupted in another gasp of amazement. Wow, a purple holy mark. This Mecca girl is so lucky. Master, look at her pilot. This guy is the lucky one who just won the grand prize in the gacha. He's got incredible luck. Shing Ming was stunned. Her large azure eyes widened, her small mouth slightly agape as she stared blankly at the holy mark radiating purple light before her. This this is for me. Her voice trembled as if she couldn't believe it. The value of the purple stigmata is unknown. But the boy had previously treasured that blue holy mark. Even a slight fall would cause them pain and they would pick it up and examine it repeatedly. Purple stigmata are of a higher grade than blue stigmata and their value is beyond imagination. When she was with Wong Ting before, let alone purple holy marks, she could only look at white quality modification cores from afar and never dared to hope that she could have them. And now, of course, it's for you, Suchin said with a gentle smile. Do you like it? I love it. Shing Mings eyes instantly reened, tears welling up. But it's too precious. I I can't accept it. She wanted to refuse, but couldn't bear to. Her little hand hesitatingly hanging in the air. You don't want it? If you don't want it, I'll have Suchin sell it to me. Haha. Yuming wrapped his arm around Yings waist and twisted and turned in front of Shing Ming, a villainous, wicked smile on his face. No way. Shiming grabbed Such Chen's hand and glared at Yuming fiercely. Get away. This was given to me by Moss. Didn't you say you didn't want it? Yuming raised his two big nostrils and pointed them at Shing Ming. I Shing Ming bit her lip and looked at Suchin, asking again and again. I I really can take him, silly girl. Suchin gently stroked her cat ears. Hurry up and accept it. Meow. Shiming finally couldn't hold back any longer and threw herself into Su Chens arms, sobbing softly. Thank you, Moss. Shiming is so happy. This was her first time. This is the first time I've received such a precious gift. This is the first time I've been cherished like this. Tch, it's just a purple stigma. What's there to brag about? Yuming pouted, his words dripping with sarcasm. He glanced at Suchin. Hey, you're going to participate in the Bingjo City Championship, right? Suchin nodded. Of course. Yuming laughed and winked. That's interesting. The little kid your Mecca girl bumped into just now, her name is Funhi. She's a key player being groomed by the Bingjo City Star Crown Club T3. She'll also be participating in the Bingjo City Championship, and she's even a favorite to win on the official website. Such Chin squinted and looked in the direction the boy and the Mecca girl had left. In the vast sea of people, I could barely make out two heads. At such a distance, it's impossible to see the typhoon's attributes. However, since he is a professional driver for the club, he must have some skill. So, young? Is he a genius or is it just a show? Suchin muttered to himself. The boy was too young. He looked like he wasn't even an adult, but he had a sharp tongue. What are you mumbling about? Are you scared? He such sneered and rolled his eyes at Yuming. I'm not even afraid of fish dogs. Why would I be afraid of a little kid? Yuming, you son of a [ __ ] Come on, Shing Ming. Let's go home. Suchin grabbed Shimings hand and left, leaving Yuming standing there in a helpless rage. Hey, show off. Yuming took two deep breaths, staring at Such Chin and Shing Mangs backs, a strange smile suddenly appearing on his face. There was something he hadn't told Suchin. He and Juing will also participate in the Bingjo City Championship. Our main specialty, fried fish. Chapter 30. He will definitely participate. Star Crown Club training ground. Boom. The light blue supercar theme Mecca girl adorned with flowing cloud patterns executed a smooth drift and came to a steady stop on the landing platform. Its tires screeching as they rubbed against the ground. The car door swung open like an eagle's wing and a handsome young man with a hint of arrogance in his eyes jumped out of the driver's seat. Despite his young age, his eyes gleamed with a sharpness beyond his ears. Fongi, you did a great job today. Your speed has indeed improved a lot. The boy nodded in satisfaction and patted the roof of the car. Finnha switched from supercar form to Mecca Girl form and stood beside the boy. She wore a light blue racing suit that matched the car's color with beautiful features and a faint smile on her lips. After all, it was the blue stigma wolf repeller that master bought. Fong he said softly, his tone filled with gratitude. Without this stigma, no matter how much I train, I can't improve this much in such a short time. Ah, the boy nodded slightly, his fist clenching unconsciously. We must win the city championship this time. His name is Suche, the top seed player in the T3 level of the Star Crown Club. He's just turned 18, but he looks a bit younger than his age, so he tries to appear more dignified. He had to train his arrogant gaze in front of the mirror every day and cultivate a mouth that would never suffer any loss and was even somewhat annoying. Speaking of which, I bumped into that Mecca girl today and I even turned around and bit her back. How awful. Such slapped himself in frustration. I get too caught up in the training and I've already automatically entered arrogant mode in this situation. Fong he covered his mouth and chuckled. It would be great if master grew up a little more. He'd be more intimidating then. He are you saying I'm small? Such's lips twitched as he glared fiercely at Fong. No. Phone he looked up at the sky. Then what do you mean by sticking out your index finger and thumb? Ahem young master the match information from yesterday has been prepared for you. An old man with a white beard dressed in a but uniform appeared like a ghost behind the two. The anger on Such's face vanished instantly. He habitually put his hands in his pockets, raised his chin, and said coldly. "Any opponents worth paying attention to?" "Yes," the butler bowed, then stepped down. "Yes, young master." As usual, nothing of value emerged. etc. Come back, Suche called out quickly. The old butler turned around again, smiling, and said, "What is it, young master? Did you just say that you did?" "Right, then why aren't you giving me his information?" It was you who asked me to step down. Such's vision went black, and he was furious. "Then I'll make you eat [ __ ] will you?" The old butler hesitated for a moment, seemingly seriously considering the feasibility of the matter before a blush appeared on his face. If it is the young master's order, I may not be unable to do it. Such After receiving the documents, he wearily told the old housekeeper to go about his business. He then began reading the intelligence reports. Bingo City Underground Tournament difficulty 2.5 stars. Time 900 p.m. July 7th. Ranking champion Yuming Jaing. Average speed 200 km per hour. Runner up Su Xilong Fong Su. Average speed 171 km per hour. Third place Suchin Ming. Average speed 170 km perph. Ha that Ying guy. That stinky fried fish dog. Such shook his head and sneered. It's shameful for a professional driver from the Northern Wolves team to rig a small race like this, even if it's considered throwing the game. He would never do such a thing. The champion and runner-up were both players he knew quite well. Su Xilong and Fong Su are both very famous off-road drivers in Bingjo City, and they have already registered for the city championship. But the third place couple are newcomers. I've never heard of it before. Being able to run at an average speed of 170 km per hour is enough to qualify for the club's reserve training. Does the butler think Such Chan and Shing Mang are the players worth paying attention to? But that 170 km time wouldn't be much of a surprise in the City Championships. He wouldn't even place. However, he didn't question the butler's advice because Mr. Lee was not only the butler but also his track analyst. So, there must be other reasons behind it. He continued reading the analysis report on the next page. At first, his expression was normal. He even calmly took a sip of coffee to calm himself down. After all, a class C driver's license isn't anything special. He got a class C license on his first test. However, the next second, he suddenly widened his eyes, spat out the coffee in his mouth, and read the analysis report word by word. After analysis, Such Chen's Mecca Girl piloting skills are very likely to be above Yums. Based on the video of his Mecca Girl Shings match against Joying, it can be basically determined that his piloting skills are around AS level. How is this possible? Such slammed the analysis report on the table. Suddenly, he turned to Fongi and said, "He slapped me." Without saying a word, Fong he raised his hand and slapped her across the face, but he held back his strength, making it almost like a slap. The sound of Pia is truly loud. Such covered his face, completely devastated, and wailed. "Can you believe it? This is a complete rookie driver with absolutely no racing record." And yet, the old man immediately rated his driving skills as Sle. Damn it, he's been practicing since he was in the womb. Master, calm down. Foam. He patted Suche on the shoulder. Yes, calm down. I'm going to become a worldclass driver. Such took a deep breath and continued reading the information. It was soon discovered that although the butler had a high opinion of Such Chin, his opinion of Such Chen's Mecca Girl was rather mediocre. Indeed, it's a D- segment car. Even if it's modified into a C-class car after the race, it'll probably still be at the bottom of the C-class category. Such breathe a sigh of relief. If Suchin had a Mecca girl on par with Fongi, then he would have been truly helpless. Fortunately, we're no longer in the last century where technical skills dominated the race. He put down the documents, a smug smile unconsciously curving his lips. Mecca girls have their limits. No matter how skilled the pilot is, they can't surpass the limits of a mecha girl's own attributes. Suchin is a very skilled driver, but this shouldn't be a stumbling block for him to win the Bingjo City Championship. Perhaps I could recruit Suchin to my convoy. Such stroked his chin deep and thought. As the leader of Star Crown T3, he will eventually form his own team. Without a team, he could never defeat that man on his own. that started from birth. The man who had always been like a dark cloud hanging over him. Northern Wolves Club. Outside the offic's floor toseeiling windows, the Riverside night view of K City is dazzling with lights. The interior design is simple yet technologically advanced. One wall is covered with various competition trophies and photos recording the club's glorious history, while the other wall is a huge display screen that plays match videos in real time. The air was filled with the faint aroma of coffee and several computers were running complex data analysis software. Behind the desk piled with documents and clutter, one can vaguely see the figure of a person. Boss, guess what? Juing and I found a really interesting new driver in Bingos city. Yuming led Juing in, his usual aloofness completely gone, replaced by a beaming smile. Huh? The woman behind the pile of clutter looked up, her long, light golden hair sliding down her cheeks to reveal a pair of almond-shaped eyes with dark circles under them. Interesting. Tell me about it, boss. You've stayed up all night again. The city championship is followed by the 100 cities car king competition. You can't keep staying up like this. All right. The woman picked up the cigarette, but on the table, took a deep drag, and said lazily, "Even if I don't stay up all night, I'll still look like this." "Didn't you meet an interesting driver? Tell me what happened." "Such Chin, a rookie driver with no racing record," Yuming said somewhat incredulously. "I feel his racing skills are even better than mine." "Oh, and then Leini calmly picked up her coffee and took a sip. And then Yumings eyes widened. Isn't that astonishing enough? It's all right. Leini nodded, then shook her head. Mainly, your skills are just average. Yuming rolled his eyes in exasperation. He remained silent for a moment before smiling Riley. Boss, I think this is our hope. That bastardly Pingji was poached by T2 and we just happened to be short one person. If we don't get satisfactory results in this provincial competition, we will have to face the dissolution of the club. Such Chun, although he's just a rookie driver, I sensed an extraordinary aura about him. The key is Yuming paused. The key is that he's incredibly lucky. All right, I got it. Leini waved her hand dismissively. We have to wait until after the city championship to talk about it. Otherwise, no matter how good we think he is, the manager won't think much of him. Unless he can achieve outstanding results in the city championship, will he even participate? Yes. Yuming nodded. I confirmed with him, and he clearly stated that he will definitely participate. Leini shrugged. Then, let's wait until after the city championships to talk about it. Upon hearing this, Yumings face lit up with joy. Then I'll take it as you agreeing to Sue Chin joining the team in advance. Shying, let's go. Let's go train. The office door slammed shut. Leini turned to look out the window, slowly rubbing her temples. The office fell silent again, saved for the sound of her smoking alone. Is there any hope? A soft sight drifted through the air. Chapter 31. The third modification. Shing Ming, go lie down on the jack. I'll get ready and start the modification right away. Okay. Meow. Shing Ming obediently lay down on one corner of the jack, stuck out her little bottom, and turned to call out to Such Chin, who was busy at the workbench. Okay, I'm all set. Suchin subconsciously glanced back, and then everything went black. Who told you to lie down on it and unfold into a race car form? Oh, sorry. Shing Ming smiled sheepishly and quickly transformed into her racing car form. That's fine, too. Lying on it in her Mecca girl form, the posture is quite embarrassing. If she had entrusted Suchin not to do anything strange to her, she definitely wouldn't have been so submissive. Suchin stood in front of the workbench, his expression serious. At this moment, he was surrounded by a pile of various parts. Some of these parts are premodified Rubik's cubes while others are junk salvaged from junkyards. The so-called modification cube is the basic module of the modification core. Only a true modder can turn the modification cube into a modification core. For example, by merging the basic tire module and the basic engine module, there is a chance to create a modification core that improves horsepower and grip. They can also merge and upgrade the same type of basic modules into a more advanced basic module. For example, three white tire base modules can be merged into one green tire base module. But this synthesis is not 100% successful. To put it bluntly, the situation in this world where true modders create mod cores is similar to alchemy in fantasy novels. at a certain basic module one and a certain basic module two to create a certain modified core three. There is a chance that the core will be scrapped during the process. To create a higher quality modification core, you need a highquality base module. The basic white modification module is produced by a specialized factory and is an expensive consumable. Of course, only modifiers can use this basic module. Ordinary pilots and Mecca girls cannot activate it. So, it's pointless to have it. Such Chin was quite bewildered when he first learned of this situation. It's like the tuners in this world don't even understand the basic structure of an engine. They don't know what an intake system, exhaust system, or cam shaft system are. They only know that it's an engine, nothing more. Their role is to perform foolproof peacemeal modifications. While those with high success rates and the ability to create highquality modified core components are the masters in this industry. Let a group of inexperienced car mechanics modify race cars. Can the race car really be modified? They didn't even know what modifications were suitable for a race car or what it needed most. What's the difference between this kind of modification and going to a restaurant to eat pre-prepared food? The attributes assigned to the Mecca girl are random and not specific to that particular Mecca girl. They are only roughly suitable. Is the racing car modification industry allowed to exist with this kind of concept? No. Car modification is an art of precision down to the nanometer level. A truth achieved through countless tests with near zero error. The world's modification philosophy is a complete desecration of the word modification. It's time to show the real skills. A glint flashed in Such Chen's eyes as he spread his five fingers and covered the engine modification cube he had bought for 15,000 yuan. Instantly refine. No, instantly unfold. One of the abilities of the hand of God is to unfold basic modules into unprocessed original parts. Boom. Suddenly, a huge engine appeared on the workbench amidst the starlight. Fortunately, the workbench was sturdy enough that it did not collapse. I wonder if the old engines in the junkyard are all used to manufacture basic modules. Since Suchin couldn't find an engine in the junkyard, he could only spend a lot of money to buy a basic module. The engine in front of us is made of high strength aluminum alloy with a matte silver gray surface, much like the texture of a high-end camera body. The entire cylinder block has a slender rectangular outline with simple yet robust lines. There are no superfluous decorative protrusions. Everything in the design serves its function. The engine itself also has a distinctly German design feel. The six combustion chambers on the cylinder head are arranged in a row like six precise circular grooves neatly arranged. Each combustion chamber is surrounded by precision machined intake and exhaust channels smooth as a mirror. Such Chun looked at the engine and it seemed so familiar. He quickly realized what it was and slapped his forehead. Isn't this the BMW S54B32 engine? A 3.2 L inline 6-cylinder naturally aspirated engine with 340 horsepower. Despite some minor differences in details, the sense of deja vu is still too strong. There's no doubt that this engine would be obsolete on Earth, but in this world, it's still the mainstay of the green engine modification cube. The most common type of green quality engine modification cube on the shelves is this one. This technology is a bit too outdated. Suchin's lips curled into a playful smile. His task today is simple. To modify this outdated engine on Earth to produce at least 500 horsepower. This was originally a huge project, but everything was simplified by the God's hand and the special nature of the Mecha Girls. Replacing a race car engine is not as simple as replacing a computer's graphics card. It's more like replacing a human heart. Not only must the heart itself be considered, but also the blood vessels, nerves, and immune system must be perfectly coordinated. All of a car's systems are designed around the original engine. Replacing it with a more powerful engine is like making a horse pull an elephant. A complete overhaul of the supporting systems is necessary. The simplest and most common thing is size. The engine size must fit perfectly into the engine compartment. However, Mecca girls don't have engine compartments. So, most of the precautions don't need to be taken into account. All he needs to do is the simplest and most brute force upgrade. First is the intake system. The engine is like a person's lungs. It needs more air to generate more power. The original factory intake system limits the intake volume for the sake of quietness and economy. Suchin removed the original air intake system and replaced it with a nearly new BMC high- flow filter that he had bought cheaply from a junkyard. Next, he replaced the cold air intake kit. Next comes upgrading the exhaust system. Just as a person needs to exhale deeply after exercising, an engine needs to expel exhaust gases more smoothly to generate more power. His choice was to replace the catalytic converter with a 200 mesh metal one and to replace the mid-to-rear exhaust system with a better titanium alloy material. After the intake and exhaust systems were replaced, the gods saw that the engine's horsepower had been increased to 400. That's not enough. Suchin continued to replace the forged pistons inside the engine to reduce the compression ratio. The original connecting rods were replaced with HBAM like forged connecting rods to enhance their strength and lifespan. The original valve springs were replaced with a dual spring kit similar to that of German Shri, which supports higher engine speeds. At this moment, the engine's horsepower has reached 420. Chapter 32. It's gotten warm. Meow. mass. Shing Ming waited for a long time, but Suchin didn't come to make the modifications. She looked up at the rearview mirror and saw Suchin justiculating wildly in front of the workbench, his hands creating after images as countless mechanical parts flooded like butterflies before him, then assembled onto the massive mechanical creation on the workbench amidst bursts of starlight. Occasionally, one could hear eerie, strange laughter. Oh no, I must be hallucinating. Shingman shook her head. Master has turned into an octopus. Haha, it's done. A moment later, a burst of exaggerated laughter rang out from the workbench. Suchin put his hands on his hips, admiring his masterpiece. The once exquisitly crafted engine had become significantly larger with the top plate removed, exposing all the mechanical parts and giving it a more rugged and aggressive appearance. This was because in addition to the previous modifications, he had also altered the cam shaft system and added a supercharger kit. After all, this is a naturally aspirated engine and supercharging can maintain a more linear output characteristic than turbocharging. Moreover, there's no need to turbocharge this engine at its current speed. It would be counterproductive. Otherwise, he could also modify the turbocharger. However, after making these modifications, he had almost nothing left of the junk he had collected from the junkyard, having spent all his savings on them. "Wow, what's that big thing? It looks amazing." Shing Ming couldn't understand the huge engine, but she could feel that it was glowing. This is the engine I modified for you. I'll put it in your body in a bit. Suchin stared at the newly modified engine, activated his divine eye, and a series of information appeared. Ultimate standard engine green modified horsepower 510 horsepower. Speed plus 6 to9 burst + 4 to 7. Other attributes slightly reduced. Condition perfect. evaluation. A remarkable masterpiece when used in conjunction with other base modules, it is less affected by the other base module while moderately increasing the success rate of modifying core synthesis. He he as expected of me. Suchin was delighted. Even the mastermind says that the engine he modified is an extraordinary masterpiece. So what more needs to be said? He used the hand of God to transform the engine back into a basic module. The original light green base module is now a deeper shade of green, approaching blue. Come on, Shing Ming. Let's install this thing first. Suchin held the engine base module and walked around to the front of Shing Ming. He first touched the headlights, then the hood, but couldn't find the hood switch for a long time. Huh? Shing Ming Shing Ming. I called up twice, but there was no response. Suchin had no choice but to walk around to the car window. Through the car window, Shing Ming was seen with her head down, her whole body tense, and her body trembling slightly. Shing Ming, what's wrong? Shing Ming slowly raised her head, her long silvery white hair cascading down her shoulders, her cheeks flushed, her eyes darting around, avoiding Su Chen's gaze. Ma Mast, she murmured softly, her voice trembling slightly. the place you just touched. Shing mining clasped her hands together nervously, her body trembling slightly. She bit her lower lip, wanting to say something, but ultimately didn't, only letting out a soft moan. Suchin carefully observed Shings expression and then suddenly realized what was going on, a hint of embarrassment appearing on his face. They got too engrossed and started treating the Star Dream race car like a regular race car. He quickly waved his hand and explained, "Oh, sorry. I was just looking for the hood release. I didn't mean to." Shing Ming lowered her head, her voice barely audible. The hood release is inside the driver's compartment, not outside. She secretly glanced at Suchin, then quickly looked away, her eyes flashing with complex emotions. She pouted and said, "It's okay, Shiming." Shiming knows Moss is modifying Shing Ming. If it's Moss, it's perfectly fine. While she said that, she was thinking something else entirely. Moss is a very skilled modifier. He must know where the switch is. They're pretending not to know anything, including during the previous modifications. It must have been intentional. I just want to touch it. You big pervert. I cough. Cough. I'll go look for it right away. Suchin touched his nose and got into the cockpit. With Shing Mings help, they soon saw a lit switch. The moment he pressed the switch, Shings body trembled violently, and she let out a soft, delicate moan. At any time and in any place, Suchin might be prone to uncontrollable rage. Unfortunately, he was working at the moment, and when he was modifying the race car, he was even more so than in a state of deep meditation, like an old monk in deep meditation. Buzz. The hood slowly opened. It reveals a special structure that shimmers with a faint eerie light resembling an electronic board. At the center of this special structure is a recess resembling that holds a CPU. Even if Suchin were stupid, he would know that the engine base module should be placed here. Inside the cockpit, Shing Mings cat ears drooped and her pretty face was so red it looked like it was about to bleed. She felt a chill in her chest as if something cold was placed there. She only breathed a slight sigh of relief after Suchin closed the hood. But then she felt a powerful force quietly brewing in her chest, ready to be unleashed. Like a dormant volcano, she could even sense when that power would be fully activated. A powerful force will burst forth from it, transmitted to every part of her body and transform into absolute speed, allowing her to race at breakneck speed on the track. Engine sorted. The final step is to modify the tires. Su Chen's original considerations were aerodynamic kits or body structure overhaul. However, the previous core solidification has resulted in the solidification of the negative attribute of plus 40% tire damage in the current Star Dream attribute panel. When running the Bingjo City Underground race, the tires were a bit insufficient. The city championship track is even longer, and if the same tires are used, it will be impossible to complete the entire race. So, he found four nearly new endurance tires in a junkyard. These four tires feature an asymmetrical tread pattern and use a durable compound very similar to Earth Star's Eagle F1 asymmetric 5 American tire. These tires are like long-distance running shoes. Not the fastest or most stable, but definitely the longest lasting. In terms of functionality, it may not be as good as the previous tires. However, this should be enough to offset some of the negative attributes of the Star Dream in terms of tire wear. Okay, done. All four tires were replaced. With a thought, a brand new modification core appeared near the jack amidst the starlight. He picked up the modified core and electronic fonts appeared on it. Unnamed engine power modification core. Positive effects, speed plus 7, burst damage + 5, cornering damage plus two, tire wear minus 20%. Negative effects stability minus3 cornering correction minus 5%. Special effects bra size + one body temperature + 5° body sensitivity + 2 leg strength plus 20 kg grade blue. This modification core is made for you. Please name it. Let's leave the naming issue aside for now. Just as he expected, the engine and tires he had expertly selected did indeed provide a precise enough boost to the Star Dreams attributes, reducing uncertainty. Although the manufacturing process seemed no different from that of a true car mechanic in this world, he had fundamentally controlled the variables. There are only two negative attributes. Stability minus3 and cornering correction minus 5%. Without a doubt, it's another top quality item. But Su Chen stared at Shing Mang, who had deactivated racing mode, stood before him with cat ears perked up and a curious expression on her face, and remained silent for a moment. Then, with lightning speed, he lifted Shing Mings pajamas and installed the core. Then, he saw Shings pretty face turn red at a visible speed. Not only her face, but also her neck, collarbone, and even her bare thighs and arms exposed outside her pajamas, all flushed a faint pink. Star dream. It's reached a red temperature. Chapter 33. Now it's scrapped. In a broad sense, Hongwin means to be angry or embarrassed. But at this moment, the red temperature of Shing is in a physical sense. The special effect of increasing body temperature by 5 degrees C is immediate. Damn, it's so hot. Shing clutched her chest, her pretty face flush red as if she were drunk. Even her voice sounded slurred. This feels so weird, like my chest is going to explode. Suchin subconsciously glanced at Shing Mings chest. Amitba, the effect of adding one cup is immediate. Originally, Shing was a rank A, but when she was promoted to rank C, the modification core on her body was solidified. And at the same time, that one cup was also solidified. She evolved from rank A to rank B. And now she has happily evolved to rank C. It can be described as having a beautiful curvaceous figure. Cute yet sexy. Aside from my skin becoming pink and tender, my body temperature rising, and my cup size increasing by one, there were no other major changes. Shing Ming was wearing a pajama style car cover. I just bought this with the little money I had left today. You can think of it as a skin. Wearing it will cover up the modified core and the appearance brought by the original car cover. These clothes made with special technology are the everyday outfits for Mecca girls. They won't cause any embarrassing clothing damage when unfolded, making them very convenient. Hot. That's good. Suchin coughed lightly. That's the effect of the new modified core. How about it? Don't you feel more powerful? Shing stood up with her cat ears perked up, dazed and confused for a moment. Then he reached out and pinched his own face. Mass, my face is so hot. It's okay. This is a normal reaction to the modification. You'll get used to it. Really? But I've never been that hot before. Don't worry, it'll be hot enough. Suchin chuckled. She laughed until she was completely bewildered. But she keenly sensed that Masta seemed to be thinking something inappropriate. But she wasn't a mind reader for Suchin. She could only pout helplessly and accept the fact that she had become very hot. That's good, too. In winter, Master won't need to turn on the electric blanket. She can just be used as a pillow. Please name the modification core. An electronic voice came from Shings waist. Suchin pondered for a moment. Ancient legends include crystal love, desert storm, and the two extremes of ice and fire existing. Hm. Let's call it flame storm. He such lips curled into a wicked smile. A blazing storm is great. A scorching hot storm is great. When Shing was promoted from sea level to B- level, he insisted on solidifying this attribute for Shing Ming unless there was a modification core with much better attributes. This is absolutely amazing. It was already quite late after tidying up my workbench. The temperature difference between day and night in this world is huge. It still feels like summer during the day, but at night it feels like late autumn. The wind blowing in from outside the window was a bit chilly. Shing Ming, I want to take a shower. Suchin stretched. After modifying it for so long, I'm covered in sweat and feel all sticky. Meow. Moss, go wash up. Shing nodded obediently, her cheeks flushed. I'll keep watch outside and won't let anyone in. No need. Suchin raised an index finger and shook it coldly. Then he said indifferently. Go sit in the bathtub for 10 minutes now. Then come out and I'll go in and take a shower. Shing Ming was stunned. Meow. Suchin took out a thermometer and beeped on Shing Mings forehead. Your current temperature is 42° C, which is my favorite water temperature. Shing Ming stood there for a good 10 seconds, staring at Suchin with an incredulous look, her lips twitching slightly. But Moss, isn't there a water heater? Bang. Suchin slammed a wrench down on the water heater near the workbench, then turned and gave Shing Ming a friendly smile. Look, it's broken now. Go to sleep at night. Same old rules. Suchin was at the foot of the bed and Shing Ming was at the head of the bed. The original shopping plan was to buy another bed for Shing Mings room. But after buying Shing Ming a cat themed pajama style car cover, he was completely broke except for tomorrow's rent. He didn't even have money to buy nutrient solution. But luckily, he got a lot from the gasopon machine, which should last until the city championship. In the early hours of the morning, Suchin dreamed that he was walking in the desert. And as he walked, he actually walked into an active volcano. The volcano suddenly erupted, spraying lava all over his face and startling him awake from his sleep. Wow, it's so hot. When he woke up, he found his back was soaked with sweat. Isn't the night in this world very cold? Lately, he's been using two blankets to feel warm. But what happened tonight? The electric blanket wasn't turned off. He didn't even have an electric blanket. He always had Shing Ming warm the bed for him. Oh, right. Star dream. Suchin belatedly realized that he felt something on his stomach. I lifted the blanket and took a look. Good heavens, Shing Ming had somehow crossed the Chu River and Han border, and one of her thighs was now lying across his stomach. Those perfectly proportioned, slender legs were radiating an amazing heat. Her feet were just above his chest. It was those fair and delicate little feet that made him feel like he was in an active volcano. His Suchin frowned, his heart devoid of any romantic feelings. At any other time, if he saw those feet, those jade-like feet, wouldn't he take a good look at them? Moreover, Shing Ming offered it to them on its own initiative. But right now, he only feels hot. It's so hot. Hot and sleepy, he could only move Shings legs to the side and then lift the blanket to let in some cool air. However, he was awakened by the heat again 2 hours later. This time, it's even worse. Although Shing Ming did not invade his bed. But when I lay my petite body directly on top of him through the blanket, the heat was even more terrifying. Su Chin was covered in sweat and quickly moved Shing Ming away. He got out of bed and went to the bathroom to wash his face with cold water to cool it down. When he came back, he found that Shing Ming had changed her look again. If the girl hadn't been sleeping so soundly, he might have thought she was doing it on purpose. Actually, this girl has never been a restless sleeper. He found out yesterday. He was just happy that Shing Ming wasn't as hot yesterday. Now he's completely obedient. Suchin sighed as he looked at Shing Ming, who was lying on the bed in a tie shape. They could only take another quilt from the cupboard and make a makeshift bed on the floor. Looking out at the cold night, Suchin felt a lump in his throat, and sorrow welled up within him. He's clearly a pervert. Why did I end up in this situation? I was forced to become a virtuous person. How tragic. How lamentable. I'll never be timid again. This time it's for real. Phew. It was hot, but I had a good sleep. Meow. Shing Ming stretched like a cat. And the first thing she did after getting up was to look for her moss. When she turned around, she saw Suchin sitting cross-legged on the floor below the bed, staring at her with dark circles under his eyes and a resentful expression. "Moss, why aren't you sleeping in bed?" Shing Ming twitched her cat ears and said with concern, "The City Championship is in less than a week. We need to make sure we get enough sleep every day and conserve our energy." Upon hearing this, Such Chen's resentment deepened even further. Shing Mming, I'm going to make you a room today. No matter what. Meow. Shing Ming tilted her head in confusion and pouted. Moss, didn't you say before that you like sleeping in the same bed with me? You also said that listening to my breathing while I sleep is very soothing and can help you sleep better. Suchin paused for a moment, then sighed. But you're very hot right now, and you don't sleep well. You rub against me like an octopus. It's so hot that I can't sleep at all. Shing Ming felt extremely wrong. her cat ears drooping listlessly. But didn't you say yesterday that it's better to be hot? Although I'm not a very restless sleeper because I used to only have a mattress at Winginging place and it was too cold at night, so I had to keep looking for a warm spot. So, I'm sorry, Moss. I'll sleep on the floor tonight. Such looked at Shings obedient and pitiful appearance and fell silent. He even wanted to slap himself. He's a real scoundrel. I was just thinking about what to say to comfort Shing Ming. Suddenly, the doorbell rang. That's the doorbell of the modification shop. Shing Ming, I'll go check on things. You stay in the bedroom. Suchin gave a brief instruction, then casually threw on a coat and went to open the door. They arrived very early in the morning and at such a precise time. As expected, it was indeed a rent collector. But Suchin frowned deeply. Behind the landlord, he also saw a familiar figure. Chapter 34. A big house with a wide bed. Such Chin, I know you rented this modification shop. Wanting face, though exquisite, was etched with a harshness, and she wore an almost overflowing smuggness. She declared arrogantly, as if pronouncing a verdict. Now this modification shop is mine. Suchin ignored wanting. God knows how that monster found out the location of his modification shop. He stared at the landlord, a portly, seemingly easygoing, but actually unapproachable middle-aged man. Mr. Juan, the contract hasn't expired yet, has it? I told you I would pay the rent. Suchin took out a card. I've already prepared the money. I'll give it to you when you come to collect the rent. The middle-aged man chuckled, rubbed his hands together, and said with a shrewd grin, "Mr. Sue, the contract hasn't expired yet, and I did breach it." "I can compensate you for the breach of contract." "Sigh, I was just trying to make money, wasn't I? I hope you can understand." "Did you hear me? Move out right now." Wanting raised her chin and said smuggly, "I paid three times the rent, so this store is mine now. Get out of my store within 10 minutes. Three times the rent. No wonder Such Chan understood. Based on the principle of prioritizing profit, if he were the landlord, he would also be willing to give the store to such a tenant. He looked wanting up and down a few times. Then his gaze fell on the Mecca girl, Jean Jun. Perhaps because of the previous conflict, Jean Jun didn't dare to meet Such Chen's eyes and shrank back somewhat timidly. Name: Golden Falcon Star emblem flowing flame, speed 61, curve 48, stable 49, burst 47, battery life 44, modification core, vortex basic type, white, stigma, none. Current level C, special talents, none, frequency, 0%. status good. These are the current attributes of the Golden Falcon. Compared to the first time we met, her speed increased by four points, her cornering ability by five points, her stability decreased by three points, her burst damage increased by two points, and her range decreased by three points. These improvements are undoubtedly due to her promotion to C-class Mecca girl, and the installation of the modification core. Such attributes are only considered average among S rank mecha girls. After all, to be promoted to a B-class Mecca girl, three attributes need to reach the passing grade of 60. And Gene Jun only barely meets the speed requirement. After Shing was equipped with the purple stigmata and the modification core, her speed and cornering performance were both up to standard. Then we'll figure out a way to improve Shing's endurance, and she'll soon be promoted to a B- rank mecha girl. Of course, he did not mean to belittle or look down on Gene Jun in terms of attributes. Every Mecca girl is a good baby. It's just a matter of whether she is with the right pilot or not. He stared at Winging with a strange look in his eyes. Not only was she not angry, she even laughed. Can Wong Tinging, that good for nothing, really unleash even 60% of the Golden Falcons potential? What can she compete against in the City Championship? What's the meaning of that smile? Winging was very unhappy with Such Chen's smiling face. The modification shop is gone. This must be very important for the modifiers, right? What she expected to see was Such Chen shocked, devastated, and reluctant expression. It would be best to add some pleading and remorse as well instead of a strange smile and a look of disbelief. Do I have to say it a second time? She gritted her teeth. Get out of my custom shop now, immediately. Now, Jean Jun is a C-class Mecca girl with a decent modification core. She has also diligently studied launch control and drifting techniques, and although she's not very proficient, she remains confident about this city championship. Despite Lin Hyun's repeated warnings to her not to provoke Suchin, but who is Wong Tinting? How could she swallow that slap in the face at the entrance of the machinery protection association? So, after finding out about Such Chen's situation, she immediately asked Linha Jun for some money, saying it was to buy a car cover for Gene Jun, but actually she used the money to rent Such Chen's modification shop to make Such Chun completely despair. She signed a one-year contract right away. Suchin looked intently at wanting, his smile fading. Ms. Wang, congratulations. This car modification shop, which is in the middle of nowhere and has absolutely nothing, is now yours. You'd better run it well. After all, the rent isn't cheap. After making his sarcastic remarks, he went back to his room to find Shingi. It's just a run-down car modification shop. The location is remote. The conditions are poor. And putting aside the fact that he doesn't have a modification certificate, this modification shop's business is incomparable to other modification shops. He had wanted to move to a different territory for a long time. It's just that the contract hasn't expired yet. It's good now. Winging was forced to accept the arrangement and a landlord broke the contract. He can not only change the location but also collect a penalty for breach of contract. Now we'll have the money to decorate Xing Mangs room and buy her a bed, right? The streets are bustling with traffic. Su Chin squatted on the curb while Shing Ming carried her cat-shaped blanket in her left hand and a small suitcase in her right. These were all their belongings. Moss, I'm sorry. Shing Ming lowered her head, her cat ears drooping, and her soft voice trembled with a sob. Why are we a couple again? Suchin rolled his eyes. It's all because of me that wanting resents me. Otherwise, I wouldn't be homeless and would still be wandering the streets with you. It's not as bad as being homeless. Suchin chuckled and said, "I'm just thinking about where we'll stay next." Shing Ming pursed her lips, handed the small blanket in her hand to Suchin, and said, "Seriously, Master, I'm not afraid of the cold. You can use my small blanket tonight." Suchin felt the warmth in his heart and patted Shings little head. "Mecca girls are living beings. How could they not be afraid of the cold? Even machines cannot withstand extreme cold?" He teased Shing Ming, saying, "A blanket this small would only freeze you to death at night." "Who said that?" Shing Ming pouted. "As long as I unfold into my racing car form, Master can lie in the cockpit and cover himself with a blanket, and he won't be cold at all. I will keep all the cold out. She spoke very seriously, her eyes sparkling as if she were already envisioning that scenario in her mind. Okay, it's not that serious. Suchin pinched Chumings soft, pretty face. We're not homeless at all. Homeless? A limousine pulled up in front of Su Chin and Shing Ming. The car window rolled down, revealing a pretty face that was so white it was almost translucent. What? You're homeless? You're really homeless? Queen appeared before the two as if it had been pre-arranged. She leaned against the car window, her face pressed against her smooth arm, her cheeks slightly squeezed into a rounded shape. A pair of wine red eyes stared unblinkingly at Suchin, a hint of mockery hidden in them. The modification shop I rented has been taken back. Such was somewhat surprised by Queen's appearance. Before he could ask, he heard a soft laugh. It's a miracle that that messy dog house can even be rented out. Who would be so kind as to take it back? Suchin, it was, after all, a place where he had fond memories. How can you call it a doghouse? Just as she was about to argue her point, Queen suddenly curled the corners of her lips into a smile. Although her smile remained icy, it wasn't hard to sense a hint of pleasure within it. Why don't you come and stay at my house? Suchin and Shing Mang were stunned. No need. That's too much trouble. Suchin quickly waved his hand. So, are you planning to let your Mecca girls sleep under a bridge or in a cheap hotel? The city championship is just around the corner, and poor food and accommodation will seriously affect the condition of the Mecca girls and pilots. The queen switched hands and rested her chin on her other hand, her smile deepening, carrying a hint of seduction and mockery. My house is very big and my bed is very wide. Don't you want to come and see? So what? Suchin felt disdain. So what if the house is big and the bed is wide? We don't sleep together anyway. They should refuse again immediately. But then Queen said softly. Oh, by the way, my cat can do back flips, too. Suchin narrowed his eyes upon hearing this. No, I have to go see it. Chapter 35. The so-called win-win. Wow, your cat can really do back flips. Suchin stared blankly at the big orange cat that was eating a freeze-dried treat on the sofa and then doing a somersault. The queen's house was not as luxurious as one might imagine. It is indeed very large, but the decoration is very simple. Unlike its cool appearance, the living room and bedroom are decorated in a gentle warm color scheme, especially the bedroom. Suchin peaked through the crack in the door and saw that the wallpaper was pink and there were many plush toys piled on the bed. It's hard to believe that this Mecca girl actually has a surprisingly girish heart. I wouldn't get anything out of lying to you guys, Queen said, teasing the orange cat with a cat toy as it ran around. This orange cat is actually quite fat. It looks like a cat pancake when it lies there. I don't know how Queen was trained, but even though it was overweight, it was still very agile. McFlurry was a stray cat. One day, during a torrential downpour, I saw it pitifully hiding outside my French windows, so I adopted it. Queen stopped shaking the cat toy in her hand, tilted her head to think for a moment, and said uncertainly. Well, it should have been about a year. McFlurry. Nice name. Such Chin shifted his gaze from the chubby orange cat, looking around at the decorations, a hint of admiration appearing in his eyes. Did you buy this house yourself? Houses in this world are not cheap. The more developed the racing industry and the more Mecca girls a city has, the more expensive its houses become. Bingo city is a typical example of high housing prices, especially since it is close to the city center. This was a sign by headquarters. Queen shook her head thinking that Suchin might have some concerns and comforted him. No one usually comes here and even if they do, they need my permission. You can stay here until the housing problem is completely resolved. Shing Mming looked around somewhat nervously. She had clearly never lived in such a large house before. However, you could tell from her eyes that she had a slight longing to live with Queen. Such Chin was also tempted. His original plan was to take Shing Ming to a hotel that was close to the Banjo City Championship venue for temporary accommodation. After all, he and Shing Ming didn't have much luggage. But it seems that there are quite a few pilots and Mecca girls who share this idea. With the city championship approaching, hotel prices in the vicinity have risen to unbelievable levels. Moreover, most of the slightly better rooms are already booked, and the remaining rooms are all quite average with no intention of lowering prices. I could grit my teeth and accept it, but it would still hurt my wallet eventually. As the saying goes, he who takes a man's money is bound to be grateful. We've only met once, and it's not quite right for us to move into your house right away. Suchin shook his head. I can't accept something for nothing. Tisk. A hint of impatience flashed in Queen's eyes, and she curled her lips slightly. You humans are such a hassle. Even Ming didn't say anything. She put the cat toy aside, her soft body sinking lazily into the sofa. her long legs crossed. After a moment's thought, she said, "Since you're staying here, I have some questions about modifications I'd like to ask you. Also, I'd appreciate it if you could be McFlurry's poop scooper for a while. Its poop really, really smells." The orange cat seemed to understand Queen's words, turning its plump body around and meowing at Queen a few times while cursing. "If he still hesitates after we've already said all that, he's just being dramatic. All right, then I'll take my leave. Suchin nodded. Ask me any questions about modifications. Lunch was prepared by the queen herself. The table was laden with food, and Such Chin ate with gusto, his mouth greasy with oil. He had eaten many delicious foods in his previous life, but he was still amazed by this, which shows that this machine girl's cooking skills were superb. However, Queen refused to wash the dishes, so the task fell to Such Chin. In the end, Shing Ming forced Shing Ming to take over. Suchin was kicked out of the kitchen and sat facing Queen at the coffee table. On the coffee table was a document, which was Queen's next modification plan. Suchin flipped through the pages casually, his brows furrowing deeply. "Didn't you tell the modification team at headquarters about the direction I mentioned last time? Why is it still leaning towards overall enhancement, especially improving cornering? The modification plan in the document is quite luxurious. The new outfits we're preparing for Queen are all highquality items. However, it's simply not suitable. Queen is a high burst mecha girl with thunderstar power. It's not like Star Dream, which focuses on balance and radiant starlight. If this modification scheme were applied to Starream, it might barely be considered decent. I told them, but they felt it should be changed like this, Queen shrugged, her eyes full of helplessness. So, what are your thoughts? Suchin asked. He knew that Mecca girls like Queen, who are signed with large corporations, probably didn't have much autonomy. They could only fight for some things themselves, and if they couldn't, they could only follow orders. They assured me that this modification would definitely solve my problem. Queen cracked her knuckles, her face expressionless. I figured I'd let them do it. Anyway, if it doesn't solve the problem in the end, they'll just give up. Give up what? Suchin raised an eyebrow. Give up the current modification plan. Give up on me. Queen looked up at Such Chin and smiled sweetly. But there was a hint of bitterness and helplessness in that smile. Suchin was stunned. He opened his mouth but remained silent. Didn't I encounter similar things many times in my past life? Clubs and conglomerates have no concept of humanitarianism. When a car or a driver can no longer bring any profit, simply abandoning them and terminating the contract is the most merciful thing to do. Both of them remained silent. The only sounds were the rushing water in the kitchen and the cheerful tune of Starry Night. Can you contact your modification team? If so, I'd like to discuss your modification plans with them. Suchin felt he should do something. Although it might seem a bit like meddling, but he couldn't bear to see such an excellent Mecca girl go to waste. From the perspective of a modifier, he didn't want to see a race car that could shine on the track end up being abandoned in a cold warehouse. It's possible. Queen's eyes lit up as she looked at Suchin. But then she couldn't help but worry when she thought of those arrogant guys. They most likely won't see you, and even if they were willing to, they wouldn't take your word seriously. We should at least give it a try, shouldn't we? Suchin knew that he no longer possessed the aura of the chief car modification master from his previous life. To put it nicely, it's a matter of having little influence or power. To put it bluntly, it's overestimating one's abilities. So, he took a deep breath and said carefully, "Let's do it after the city championship." Shing Ming and I will try our best to get a good result in the city championship. That way, people will take us more seriously since Shing Ming is the one I modified all along. The queen pondered for a moment, then nodded slightly. Okay. Those wine red eyes finally held a different kind of brilliance. It wasn't until she noticed Such Chen's gaze lingering on her legs and stockings from time to time that she realized he was watching her. "Is it pretty?" "It's beautiful," Such Chan replied instinctively. Immediately, he noticed Queen's teasing look and quickly said seriously, "Well, I meant your room is nicely decorated." "Tch!" Queen snorted lightly, showing no anger, but instead said with interest, "Desire is the driving force of human progress. I admire people with desires, but unfortunately my driver is a woman. I don't like her and she doesn't like me. Otherwise, I would be happy to satisfy her sexual needs. After all, she deliberately lifted a corner of her skirt, exposing more of her long, artistic legs to the air. You only need to satisfy your base lust to get a hardworking and ambitious driver. It's a simple, efficient, and win-win situation, don't you think? Suchin lowered his head and dared not speak. What does he think? What does he think? He felt that steel bars should be mixed with spaghetti. Chapter 36. Bingo City Championship. The next few days. Su Chun and Shing Mang are both resting well at Queen's house. Every morning I study the Bingha City Championship course and in the cooler evenings I run around Bingo to maintain my fitness. Queen doesn't seem to have any matches to prepare for. No one has come to see her these past few days. She spends her days playing with a cat, researching food, playing video games, training with Shing Ming, and occasionally teasing Su Chin. Time flies. The calendar turned five pages forward. July 14th, 8:00 a.m. Bingo City Championship venue. Hello everyone. This is the Bingjo City Championship, the most prestigious and largest motorsport open race in Bingjo. I'm your old friend, the tournament host, Turkey Bro. Turkey bro, dressed in a bright red suit and wearing a baseball cap, was holding a microphone and gesturing animatedly. The City Championship is a world-class starting point. No matter which city it is in, the City Championship course is 200 km long. It has thrilling curves, exhilarating straight sprints, steep hills, and obstacles. It's worth mentioning that in order to enhance the competitive diversity of the city championship course, starting this year, a section of gravel and broken asphalt will be added to the city championship track. Furthermore, to maintain the unpredictability of the competition, the location and total length of the gravel and broken asphalt surfaces will be completely randomized for each race. Turkey Bros words immediately caused a huge uproar. This news has clearly been kept secret by the authorities. It wasn't until the competition started that the host announced it. Many of the drivers and Mecca girls present changed their expressions. A new track has been added. Interesting. Queen was already seated in the VIP section of the audience accompanied by her assistant Jessica. All participating drivers and racers are now preparing at their respective starting points with 1 hour remaining before the start of the race. "This Bingjo City Championship is pretty intense," Jessica muttered to herself, flipping through the race data. Leaving aside the T3 seed ace pair, Suche and Fongi, "What's with Yuming and K City drivers coming to Bingo City to participate in the city championship? Are they out of their minds? The rules don't say they can't come. Queen said indifferently. The city championship only prohibits class A cars from participating. I remember Yumings best result in case city was only third, right? Maybe he wants to come here to get first place and receive the star god's blessing. Jessica didn't say anything, turned a few more pages, and said with a smile, "Queen, the racer and Mecca Girl pair you bet me on before are also participating. As expected of newcomers, their courage is commendable. A newcomer? Queen's lips curled slightly. Such Chin and Shing Ming, who were newcomers in Jessica's eyes, were actually dark horses in the tournament and might even win the championship. She rested her chin on her hands and gazed at the departure point, where she could vaguely see Hashino's shadow among the rows of Mecca girls. She wasn't sure what kind of results Such Chin and Shing Mang would achieve because there were indeed many opponents who exceeded the standards in this city championship, but she had faith in Such Chen's driving skills and the performance of the Star Dream. Such Chin Shing Mang, keep it up. The queen clenched her fingers and prayed silently in her heart. In this competition, we have Suche, the ace driver of the Star Crown Club T3 team, and his Mecca girl Fongi, as well as Yuming, the challenger from the K City Northern Wolf team, and his Mecca Girling. Without a doubt, the addition of these two professional drivers will greatly increase the intensity of the competition and bring us a more exciting visual feast. As soon as Turkey Bro finished speaking, the entire audience erupted in cheers. The large electronic screen displayed images of Such Chi and Fungh. The young man was standing beside the already unfolded wind crane, his face cold, slowly putting on his gloves. The camera then focuses on Yuming and Juing. Yuming had entered the cockpit, but he kept looking around, seemingly searching for something. The other contestants shots were shown very quickly, with each person averaging less than 2 seconds of screen time. Inside the Golden Falcon's cockpit, Winging would occasionally glance to the side with a smug look on her face, her mouth opening and closing as if she were saying something. Linhy solemnly put on his helmet. In front of him, staff members were already standing in front of the vehicle with departure permits. The city championship starts with individual cars, but there is only a 10-second interval between each car. He wasn't very lucky. He and Pong drew relatively early starting positions. This is his third time challenging the city championship and his goal is not just a top 10 but a top five. He would hardly be noticed by the Star Crown Club in Bingjo City unless he finishes in the top five. This year, Star Crown Club will be forming the T3 team, which presents an opportunity for him. I heard that the top player from the T3 team will also participate in this competition. What's his name again? I think it's Suche Po. Keep up the good work today, too. Oh, good luck. By the way, master, is your head really not hurting anymore? It doesn't hurt anymore, Linhaun said as she took a painkiller. If we run into Wing Ding and Jean Jun, should we go easy on them? What a load of rubbish, Linhun rolled his eyes and said irritably. I'm her boyfriend, not her father. How can you joke about something like a competition? Po breathe a sigh of relief upon hearing this. Just don't add water. If you go easy on wanting, then what about her and Lin Hyun's non-stop training day and night during this period? Such Chin Shing Mang, what a coincidence. I didn't expect our departure times to be so close. Winging leaned against the lowered car window, constantly sending provocative glances at Such Chin and Shing Ming. Where have you been staying these past few days? Oh dear, you didn't stay under a bridge, did you? That's terrible. We didn't live under the bridge. Shings face flushed red, her fists clenched, and her hog Kick stood on end. How could I let Moss live under the bridge? All right, Shing. Such Chin pressed Shimings little head down and said calmly. No need to pay attention to her. But master, Ching pouted. She didn't care what Wong Ting said about her. But she wouldn't allow Wong Ting to insults Suchin in any way. Ma is her everything. No butts. The best way to shut up the enemy is to crush them head-on in every way. He pinched Shing Mings soft, pretty face and said with a smile, "Don't you have that confidence, Moss? I understand." Shing Ming nodded emphatically, glaring fiercely at Wong Ting. You bad woman. Just you wait. I'll have a competition with Moss to beat you. Oh, you think you can outperform me? With your trash stats. Winting scoffed, then laughed. So, what if you added a modification core? What's a modification core? Do you even know what a sacred mark is? I gave golden falcon a green quality sacred mark. Hastar dream, you haven't even heard of sacred marks, have you? How pathetic? Suchin's lips twitched, but he didn't say anything. He simply took out the emperor engine and gave Shing Ming a look. Shing Ming understood immediately. She glanced smuggly at Winging, then lifted the hem of her dress to reveal her fair waist as Such Chin affixed the holy mark to it. The stigmata has been successfully installed. A purple pattern resembling shark gills suddenly appeared on Shings small waist. Winging was stunned by what she saw, almost chewing her teeth against the car window. You You gave this to Shing? A purple holy mark, huh? Suchin mimicked Wan Tings expression, raising his chin and twisting his mouth. Oh, I put a purple holy mark on Ching Ming. Hi Antwan. You've never seen a purple holy mark before, have you? How pitiful. Purple stigmata? No. Impossible. How could you possibly afford purple stigmata? Wanting couldn't believe it and stammered. You're kidding me. You must be kidding me about my purple holy mark. Haha. How could that be? You can't fool me. Suchin shook his head and sighed. Jealousy and anger had clouded Ms. Wongs judgment. He was too lazy to pay any more attention to this mad dog and was preparing to activate Star Dream in racing mode. Turning my head, I saw Shing Ming staring angrily in one direction, letting out a low growl like a kitten. Suchin followed Ching Mings gaze. A young man dressed in a navy blue racing suit with an arrogant expression was walking towards them. Chapter 37. The ambition for the championship. The visitor is not friendly. No friendly unit would charge headlong into conflict with such an arrogant and doineering attitude. So Su Chin immediately stepped in front of Shing Ming. The person who arrived was Suchi, a T3 professional racer from the Star Crown Club. I had a minor conflict with Shing Ming when I was shopping at Shing Shinhu Lago. Shing Ming no longer cares about this matter, but Suchin couldn't guarantee that Suché wouldn't be petty and cause trouble for Shing Ming again. Such stood in front of Such Chin and Shing Mang, his nostrils flaring upwards. He first straightened the collar of his racing suit, then casually glanced around and finally spoke in an almost condescending tone. "Sorry," Such Chin and Shing Ming. "Huh?" Suchin was stunned. "What are you apologizing for?" Such puffed out his cheeks, looked away, touched his nose, and pretended to be casual. Tisk come. Well, before when I was shopping at Shing Shinhi Lago, I accidentally bumped into your robot girl. Sorry, I was a little anxious at the time and said some rather harsh things. Shing Ming stared at Suche with wide eyes. The same arrogant face, the same arrogant expression, the same arrogant tone. The words he uttered were actually an apology. Is he possessed by a ghost? Anyway, that's it. I was in a hurry at the time and I just happened to run into them today. Such looked at the sky and the ground, his shoes creaking on the ground. So, so um I came over to say sorry. After saying that, Suche turned around and left. The moment he turned his back to Such Chin and Shing Ming, he seemed to revert to his arrogant nature and even let out a wild, arrogant laugh. Humph. Don't think that just because I'm apologizing, I'll go easy on you during the match. A bunch of rookies prepared to die. Only the strong are worthy to fight me. Ha. Suchin, forget it. As long as they're not here to cause trouble. He ignored Winging, who was staring in disbelief, and said to Shing Ming, "Unfold the car body star dream. The race is about to begin." "Okay, meow." Shing Ming made a face at one ting and immediately unfolded. At the same time, Suche returned to his position. Master, did you apologize to them properly? Foam. He handed the helmet to Suche with a smile. Of course. Such put on his helmet, fastened the buckle, and said smuggly. Although it's embarrassing, this is exactly the responsibility a grown man should have. Foam. He smiled and nodded repeatedly. Master, you've grown up and you're becoming more and more manly. Such remained outwardly calm, but the slight upturn of his lips was already showing signs of barely concealing his true feelings until a voice rang out from the side. Hey, little brat from Star Crown T3. Long time no see. Who's a brat? Such gritted his teeth, his icy gaze sweeping over the surrounding area. Three parking spaces away. Yuming was leaning against the car of the chase and waving in their direction. Such's expression immediately darkened. Hey, what are you doing in Bingjo city instead of K city? This isn't a place for you to run wild. Surrender to me right now and slink back to your K city. Huh? Little brat, I'm your senior. What kind of attitude is that? I'll teach you a lesson. He I don't have a senior who goes out to fry fish all the time. Damn it, you little brat. You dare say I fried fish again? Fish dog. All right, shut up. Zuing and Fha blocked you Ming and Suche from the left and right, respectively. Fun bent down and patted Such's head. Little Suche, arguing isn't gentlely behavior. You'll get a spanking dash. Shying crossed his arms and sneered. Master, there's no need to waste your breath on him. He's a bunch of worthless trash. The air fell silent for a moment. Then the two Mecca girls eyes met, and a murderous aura erupted from them. Tsk tsk phone. Long time no see. I wonder how your butt is doing. I bet it hurt for months after I bumped into you back then. Juing covered his mouth and chuckled, his eyes cold as he glanced at Phonehees per buttocks and scoffed. Fong. He still smiled, but his words were devoid of any humor. Miss Shriing, today I will show you what a mistake it is to provoke an elegant and powerful lady. The two robot girls were flexing their wrists and fingers, respectively. They squeezed it, making a cracking sound, and got closer and closer. The chilling killing intent in their eyes left no doubt that if these two got close, they would definitely start fighting. Yuming and Sui were outraged by this scene and quickly tried to break up the fight. Yuming pulled Xha Yings hand. Garlic bird, garlic bird, say less. Such hugged Fungh's waist. That's right. It's not easy. It's not easy. Garlic bird. Although I really wanted to have a fight, I knew my own driver was still around. Zhu Ying and Fingha could only suppress their anger and hatred. Each letting out a cold snort before turning back to their starting positions. There's no point in fighting. The best way to get revenge is to settle things on the track. You brat. I hope you can increase the intensity for me later. Yuming returned to Huy Yings side, opened the car door, and entered the driver's seat. Such sneered and shook his head. Did you hallucinate from frying fish? You really think you're someone special? Ba clown. He was too lazy to waste any more words with Yuming. So, he opened the car door and entered the driver's seat to make final preparations for departure. It was 9:00 in the morning. Emergency rescue teams, to your positions. Camera crew, take your positions. Towing truck crew, get to your positions. Amidst the raging heavy metal music, only Turkeykey's shrill scream could be faintly heard. Rison's and Andrews, the race is about to begin. Let's switch the camera to the starting line. At the very front of the departure point, the staff member stood in front of the first driver with the starting sign while a red 30 second countdown began to appear on the electronic screen not far in front of them. Boom! A roar of engines rose up like a whirlwind. not only from the first Mecca girl, but also from the other Mecca girls that followed closely behind, ready to depart. Inside the cockpit of the broken blade, Linhai gritted his teeth, sweat already beating on his forehead. Yuming gripped the steering wheel, his gaze calmly fixed on the road ahead, seemingly not considering the surrounding competitors as rivals at all, but a flickering flame was hidden deep in his eyes. Star God's blessing. You will receive a blessing upon winning a public tournament for the first time. This blessing not only enhances the performance of the Mecca girl, but is also a badge of honor. Furthermore, to become world class, pilots and Mecca girls must receive at least 10 star god blessings. This is the minimum requirement. His goal this time is to win the star gods blessing at the Bingjo city championship. Fhei, we must go all out today. Such stared at the track ahead, his expression serious. I'm going to break my brother's record at the Bingjo City Championship. Master, you can do it. Fong he chuckled. In the cockpit of the Golden Falcon, wanting kept glancing at the rearview mirror, her eyes filled with resentment as she looked at the dazzling white Mecca girl. Just you wait. I've specifically trained in launch starts and drifting. She gripped the steering wheel tightly, muttering to herself, "The most important thing in racing is skill. What good is a mere tuner, even if he uses a modification core and a purple stigmata? Does he even know how to drive? Besides, the Star Dream Mecha Girls stats are so bad. Even with a modification core and a purple stigmata, she'll only be on par with the Golden Falcon at best." Jean Jun listened silently to Winging's rambling. Despite one ting statement, her tone clearly lacked confidence. She sighed. The image of that eagle-like man involuntarily came to mind. In front of that man named Suchin. She felt as if she were completely naked, as if everything about her had been seen through. Is this person really just a car mechanic? And as Winging said, does he really have no driving skills at all? Star Dream cockpit. The competition has finally begun. Suchin took one last sip of water, screwed the mineral water bottle shut, and put it into the storage box. In his field of vision, there was the steering wheel, the racetrack, the graceful curves of the star dreams back, and the snow white cat tail and her perky bouncy little butt. What are you trembling about? Feeling the shaking in the cockpit, Suchin chuckled. Ma Mas, I'm so nervous. Meow. In the rearview mirror, Shing Ming looked up. revealing a pretty face that looked anxious and pitiful. Don't be nervous. Suchin smiled and said softly. Just run like we do during our usual training. Results don't matter. Really, it doesn't matter. Meow. Real. But Shing Ming wants to win the championship from Masta and for himself. Shing Ming spoke firmly, her cat ears and a hog standing up very seriously, showing no sign of joking. Why? Winning the championship is no easy feat. Didn't Master want to help Queen? Shing Min clenched her fists, her face serious. Queen has helped us so much. We must help Queen. And Master needs to achieve results in the city championship to have a voice. And nothing is more convincing than winning the championship, isn't it? Was there another reason behind Queen's influence? Such Chen's eyes were gentle. Shing Ming will remember everyone's kindness to her and will work hard to repay it. He did indeed contract a very very good Mecca girl. Doesn't Master have any confidence? Despite being very nervous, Shing Ming turned the tables and provoked Suchin. How could that be? Suchin's lips curled into a smile. He has never lacked the confidence and ambition to challenge for the championship, but he is afraid of putting too much pressure on Ching. Since Starream is now eyeing the championship, then all right. He nodded a sharp cold glint in his eyes. We only have one goal today. That is champion. Chapter 38. Reclaiming trampled dignity. Improving the attributes of Mecca girls is extremely difficult. Short-term training has absolutely no effect. These past few days, the training with Shing Ming has mainly focused on building teamwork and getting used to the 42° C temperature inside the car. Suchin regretted it. He would definitely change the plus 5° effect from now on. Ideally, it should be the kind that can be turned on and off at any time rather than being permanently attached to the Mecca girl. That would be torture. He had barely sat in the Star Dream cockpit for 5 minutes when he started sweating. Fortunately, the car creates a pressure difference between the inside and outside when it's running, and the hot air is quickly expelled, making it much cooler. Otherwise, he would have definitely suffered heat stroke. After installing the purple stigmata, Star Dreams attributes are speed 63, curves 64, stable 43, burst 39, battery life. In addition, there are two negative attributes. Wheelware plus 20% and cornering correction minus 5%. Judging from Shings current attributes, he is definitely in the upper echelon of C-class cars, coupled with his barely passable driving skills. If we don't encounter any particularly formidable opponents in this competition, then winning the championship is indeed a possibility. Suchin narrowed his eyes. The mind focuses on the third star that has already appeared in the mind. Qualify for the top three in any city championship. Unlock talent three. Talent number one, God's hand, and talent number two, God's eye, are both powerful cheat codes. If God's hand needs to be combined with the modifier's extensive knowledge to be fully effective, then it is true that God's hand needs to work with him to be fully effective. that God's eye is a complete cheat code except that it can't see through everything which is a bit of a drawback. So, what is the third talent? God's great spear. Suchin stared at the tail lights of the golden falcon ahead, already starting to feel anticipation. Contestants number 21 to 25, please prepare to start. One car is dispatched every 10 seconds. The broadcast will remind all five contestants to prepare at once. Such Chin and Shing Mang are number 22, while Winging and Gene Jun, number 21, had already started warming up. Staff moved the vehicle departure sign to clear the lane. As the countdown entered its final 10 seconds, Winging started the Golden Falcon and sped away, kicking up a trail of pale tire smoke. Suchin gripped the steering wheel tightly with both hands, pressed the clutch pedal hard with his left foot, and lightly tapped the brake with his right foot. The launch control indicator light on the dashboard of the Star Dream began to flash. The engine idle speed quickly climbed from 800 revolutions per minute to 2,000 revolutions per minute, and the supercharged engine emitted a deep and powerful roar. The supercharger began to pre-pressurize, and the pressure in the intake manifold gradually built up. A puffpuff sound came from the exhaust pipe. That was the wastegate releasing excess boost pressure. 5 seconds left. Suchin looked straight ahead and finally adjusted his sitting posture. Shining stared nervously at the horizon. The tail lights of Jin Juns car were almost out of sight. This was her first time participating in such a formal competition. In fact, when she graduated with Winging Ding, she thought the City Championship was still a long way off for her. Perhaps it may take a year or even several years just to qualify for the competition. But now she's here. Before the competition, she could think of many things, but now her mind is completely blank. She didn't even know how to be nervous. Time seemed to slow down incredibly at that moment with only the clear electronic countdown in my ears. 5 4 3 2 1 go. The moment the red light went out, Such Chen's right foot moved from the brake pedal to the accelerator with lightning speed while his left foot quickly released the clutch. This action must be completed within 0.5 seconds. Any hesitation will ruin the starting advantage. Floor the accelerator. Boom. dash. The engine roared as it surged from 2,000 revolutions per minute to 6,000 revolutions per minute. The four tires twisted and deformed to maximize the contact area. The rear wheel slipped slightly at the moment of power surge, leaving two black tire marks on the ground, and Shing Ming was launched out like a cannonball. Such Chen's launch start is very skillful. Queen's lips curled up slightly in the stance. She was right. Such Chin was definitely more than just a modifier. Even during his training sessions with Shing these past few days, he didn't use his full strength. This is interesting. This newlywed couple, Jessica's eyes widened as well. As Queen's assistant, having watched many matches, he could tell from Such Chen starting position that Suchin was no ordinary person. However, you can't tell anything just by looking at a catapult start. And today we have two tough guys like Yuming and Suché. It's a pity. She was still not very optimistic, but she had put away her disdain and arrogance. Inside the Starream cockpit. When the engine speed reaches the red line, the shift indicator light flashes and Sutin calmly shifts the gear lever. The rear wing begins to generate noticeable downforce after 100 km per hour, pressing the car firmly onto the track. Suchin felt the powerful push back sensation and his body naturally sank into the soft seat. Ahead, Winging and Jin Jun, who had started 10 seconds early, reappeared in sight. Su Chin sharp, eagle-like eyes locked onto the golden falcon. It was Wong Ting who caused Shing Ming so much suffering and injustice. Even though they have abandoned Star Dream, they still try every means to suppress it. Shing Ming is always very careful in everything she does, and she often acts in a fawning manner towards both him and Queen. Wasn't he manipulated into this state by Wang Ting? It's time. Let Winging be the sacrifice for Shing to rebuild its confidence. Shing Ming, let's surpass her together. The launcher made up for a lot of the distance difference. Shing Mings speed was 63 and Gene Juns speed was 61. The burst attribute determines the Mecca girl's acceleration, not her maximum speed. On the first straight sprint of the city championship track, both Mecca girls were running at full speed with full fuel. At this moment, the distance between Shing Ming and Jin Jun is slowly but steadily closing. Shing Ming didn't speak. She stared intently at the golden falcon ahead, gritting her teeth and displaying a fierce determination. Now she is not only catching up with her competitors but also with the dignity that Wong tinging trampled on. Dignity must be reclaimed by oneself. Inside the cockpit of the Golden Falcon, Wong Ting was still immersed in the enhancements that the Holy Mark and the Modification Corps had brought to the Golden Falcon. Although Linhyen lacks a man's sense of responsibility, he is particularly generous when it comes to giving money. Let's continue to develop our relationship in the future. The flowing flame starshine, the modification core, and the holy mark were all provided by Linhai Jun, and their total market value would be over 200,000. Before becoming a well-known race car driver, she couldn't do without Lin Hyun, her cash cow. Boom! The roar of an engine behind her startled Wong Ting. She glanced at the rearview mirror instinctively, and her expression changed drastically. How is this possible? Suchin and Shing Mang, who had started the train later, had caught up with them at some point. Isn't there a 10-second interval between departures? How did they catch up? Master, that Mecca girl named Star Dream is faster than me. Jean Jun was more sensitive to the speed of the Mecca girls and whispered. Faster than you? Wanting gritted her teeth, thinking of the purple holy mark. It must be the boost from that purple holy mark. Where did he get it? You can't buy a purple holy mark on the market. But even if he's faster than you, he couldn't close the gap that quickly. Perhaps they did a better job with the catapult launch. Gene Jun replied. However, these words were like stirring up a hornet's nest. Winging slammed her fist on the steering wheel, causing Jean Jun to let out a painful groan. [ __ ] Do you think he's the only one who can't do a launch start? Wanting knew that Gene Juns guess was correct, but she was unwilling to accept it. Unwilling to accept that the star dream, which she had abandoned, now outperformed the modified Golden Falcon that she had painstakingly acquired by serving Lin Hyun. She also refused to accept that the man who publicly humiliated her was a better driver than her. Such Chin didn't look much older than her, and he wasn't a professional racer. She's already trained so hard. The huge sense of disappointment made Wingings eyes red with anxiety. Whoosh. The warning sign for the first bend flashed by overhead. Although Jean Jun was very uncomfortable after being punched, he still dutifully reported the route information. Master, there is a standard level three right turn 200 m ahead. Slow down appropriately and take the turn at medium speed. Juan Ting snorted coldly, her eyes hardening as she stared intently at the track. Come on, I can drift. I refuse to believe it, Such Chun, that you can drift better than me. Chapter 39. Newcomers are all monsters. This is the first band of the Bingjo City Championship. As the camera crew focused their lenses on him, Turkey bros face lit up with excitement. Straight lines are the simplest track element in all forms of motorsports. who can accelerate. The most basic technical track element that truly tests the driver's skills is the cornering. The first corner of the Bingjo City Championship is a standard category 3 corner with a medium to high difficulty. There are three cameras shooting here, and you can often tell about 80% of the contestants skill level just by looking at this track. We can already hear the tires grinding. The cameraman's voice came from the big screen as the camera was pointed at the exit of the bend. The other two shots are the entrance to the curve and an aerial view of the entire curve from a bird's eye view. Boom! The sound of engines grew closer. The moment the first beam of headlights appeared on camera, Turkey yelled, "Haha, they're here." As soon as he finished speaking, the first contestant slowed down and rounded the corner, completing the first bend in a proper manner. A 10-second interval between departures is hardly generous. This is a time when most players can occupy the track alone while also allowing a small number of outstanding players to compete fiercely. In the blink of an eye, more than 10 cars had passed by the bend. Lin Hyun and Pone were among them. Lin Hyun and Pone performed well today. Turkey bro watched Puff Fang's drift trajectory which was quite smooth and said with a smile, "This is the third time that Len Hyjun and Pong have participated in the Bingjo City Championship. It can be seen that their proficiency and teamwork have improved significantly. Inside the cockpit of the Breaker, turn one was rapidly receding in the rearview mirror. Linhai Jun couldn't hear Turkey bros, but he felt that he was in surprisingly good condition today." Pome, well done. Our recent training has paid off. Yeah, master's controls are very precise, too. Cain Pang's energetic voice from the front. Let's keep it like this. Linhy narrowed his eyes. Just now at turn one, his entry point was close to the limit, and his exit from the turn was also very clean and quick. His performance today is at an all-time high. Perhaps the closest he's ever come to winning a championship. Given their current form, he and Pong might actually be able to challenge two professional players. Mass right turn three in 200 m. Meow. Receive. Suchin calmly gazed ahead. The difficulty of a category 3 bend is moderate with angles typically ranging from 60 to 90°. This type of bend is more suitable for using e brake drift and power overdrift. Of course, turning directly without using drift to slow down is also a good option. The current speed of the star dream is 230 km per hour. If we consider the cornering speed and ignore the technical difficulty, then so there is no doubt that the power was used excessively. At the edge of her field of vision, Winging had already slowed down and break to enter the bend. Suchin also reduced Shings speed, but only symbolically reduced it to 200 km per hour. This is the cornering speed that Shing Ming is relatively confident at during his usual training sessions. Turn one is already upon us in the blink of an eye. Such Chen's fingers, which were tapping rhythmically on the steering wheel, suddenly stopped. At the same time, lightly tap the clutch with your left foot and quickly shift gears with your right hand. Vroom. The engine revved up, its roar echoing throughout the bend. The furious howl seemed to be roaring at the whole world, and it also attracted the attention of the host, Turkey. He was about to recall Such Chin and Shing Nings information when he heard about their performance on the track, but their subsequent performance almost silenced him. Entry point. Suchin lightly applied the brakes and the weight of the Shing vehicle quickly shifted forward, increasing the load on the front wheels and providing more steering grip. As he slowed down, he made slight adjustments to the steering wheel, directing the car toward the apex of the bend. This is a crucial preparation before drifting pre- steering. Just as the car's speed dropped to about 180 km per hour, Suchin decisively released the brake, simultaneously slammed on the accelerator with his right foot, and lightning fast pressed down on the clutch with his left foot. With a sharp roar, the wheels of the Star Dream seemed to break free of their restraints. The rear of the car swung outwards. The tires screeched wildly against the ground, leaving two conspicuous black tire marks, and white tire smoke gushed out from the red hot brake pads, filling the entire bend. At this moment, the Star Dream's vehicle body has formed an exaggerated angle of nearly 60° with the direction of travel. The front of the Star Dream car was aimed at the apex of the bend, less than 10 cm from the guardrail, as if it would crash into the guardrail at any moment. But Such Chen's expression remained calm. His hands were constantly making subtle adjustments to the steering wheel while his right foot flicked on the accelerator. These maneuvers look impressive, but in the past, they were only considered passable by professional drivers. He'd seen something even more amazing. People could press the accelerator with precision down to the gram. Moss, it's going to crash. Meow. It's going to crash. Shing Ming stared at the railing so close to her, her whole body tensing up. She wanted to close her eyes, but couldn't. We can't crash into it. Suchin chuckled to himself. The Star Dream vehicle is currently in an unstable state, relying entirely on his control of the rear wheel speed to maintain balance. If he presses the accelerator too high or too low, this balance will be quickly broken, causing the front of the car to crash into the guardrail. If he were going any faster through the corners, he really wouldn't be able to control it. However, the instantaneous cornering speed of 180 km per hour was still under Sue's control. But are we really going to crash into the cat? Where's the guardrail? In the blink of an eye, Shing Ming found that the guardrail in front of her was gone, replaced by a straight road. I already said there's no way we'll crash. As they exited the bend, Suchin gently lifted the accelerator and straightened the steering wheel. This process was somewhat difficult to control. He frowned slightly, but quickly realized that it was the negative effect of the minus 5% cornering correction that was causing the problem. However, the impact is not significant. Full throttle out of the corner. With the accelerator floored, the Star Dream shot out of the corner like an arrow. the tires regaining grip and the cars posture instantly shifted from a wild side slip to straight forward. The engine roared to life again and a dust kicked up by the rear formed a golden curtain in the sunlight. At this moment, they could see not only the tail lights of Wang Ting and Gene Juns car. You can even clearly see the racer's number plate on the rear of the Gene Falcon. Amazing cornering maneuver. It wasn't until Suchin had already sped past Shing Ming around the bend that Turkey bro finally realized what was happening. Ladies and gentlemen, just now Such Chin and Shing Ming showed us a spectacular drift cornering maneuver. This cornering skill is definitely at the level of a professional driver. Only then did he recall Such Chin and Shing Mings information and he said incredulously, "But can you believe it? They are actually newcomers who have only participated in one city underground competition. The cameraman, who was originally supposed to be the assistant commentator, was dumbfounded. It took him a while to react before he asked Turkey Bro. So, boss, should we save that clip? Save it. We absolutely have to save it. Turkey bro narrowed his eyes. Not only do we have to save it, but we also need to give these two contestants more screen time later. I have a strong feeling about it. Cameraman, I get it. Boss, do you have a premonition of a pair of rising stars? No. Turkey shook his head, his face serious. I have a feeling I'm getting a promotion and a raise. Cameraman. The stands erupted in uproar in front of the large screen at the entrance to the tournament. Is this for real? How can a rookie driver have such a level of drifting and cornering skill? Ha! Newcomers are all monsters. The value of that statement is still rising. However, judging based on just this one, Bend is a bit too hasty. What if it's just a lucky coincidence? Indeed, no matter how good the newcomer is, they can't beat our Star Crowns T3 seed player. Not to mention, there's also that fish smashing dog from K City. Listening to the various incomprehensible and amazed comments from the surrounding audience, Queen unconsciously raise the corners of her mouth. She harbors a unique sense of pride that only she can understand. It's like watching your idol or celebrity dominate a competition. She felt gratified and proud. Queen, isn't this a bit over the top for a beginner? Jessica looked bewildered and strange. If I'm not mistaken, this level of drifting is definitely not a skill that a C-class driver can pull off. Unless this Mecca girl has amazing cornering ability. Exaggerate. The queen leaned back lazily in her chair, her hands resting on her long black stocking legs. She remained outwardly calm, but inwardly she let out a soft snort. What's this? And there are even more outrageous ones. Chapter 40. Breaking free from the cocoon and becoming a butterfly inside the golden falcon's cockpit. Winging humong still feeling quite pleased with her brilliant move. Thanks to her diligent training during this period, coupled with her good talent and luck, she would give herself a score of 120 for that drift on the corner just now. That silky smooth feeling. How can you say he's not a prototype of a professional driver? Golden Falcon, how was my big drift? Wasn't it amazing? Hm. Say something. Jean Jun curled his lip. Does drifting refer to a super slow drift at just 80 kmh. The entry point is a mess. The vehicle control system is a mess. The quick correction after exiting the corner was also a mess. However, it was indeed slightly better than when Winging usually trained. She couldn't bring herself to praise Wong Tings skills against her conscience. But since she was her own driver, she hesitated for a long time before reluctantly saying, "Well, Master's drifting has great potential. With serious practice, she will definitely be able to improve to a professional level." Winging was pleased and didn't understand the hidden meaning in Gene Juns words. She hummed a cheerful tune, pondering what to wear to the awards ceremony until buzz dash. The roar of the engine exploded behind us. He tore the beautiful memories in her heart along with the song she was humming into pieces. She looked in the rearview mirror. They discovered that Shing Ming, whom they thought had been left behind, was right behind them. Compared to before the turn, she and Jing Jun not only failed to shake off Shing Ming, but were instead overtaken by a large margin. The distance between the cars was less than 50 m. Master Hosino has caught up. Jean Juns reminder brought Winging back to her senses. They caught up. We didn't shake them off when we went around the corner. How come? Winging slammed on the gas pedal, her face contorted in anger. Her cornering drifting was already so perfect. How did Such Chan and Shing Mang manage to catch up? Jin Jun remained silent. Why? Well, it's because the other side has higher cornering speed and faster drifting. Furthermore, it can quickly correct drifts and respond by applying throttle. Judging from how quickly she closed the gap, she estimated that Shing Ming's cornering speed was at least in the range of 160 to 200 kmh. However, she said nothing and did not continue to provoke Wuan Tinting. Wan Tinging has poor driving habits and is emotionally unstable. They resort to violence when they get angry, even if it's not intentional. But it's her who feels the pain when you hit her. After a moment of contemplation, Jean Jun offered a suggestion. Master, let's enter the long straight sprint tunnel immediately. The track is narrow. If you don't want them to overtake, we can try to block them. Yes, block them. Wanting slammed her hand on the steering wheel and said fiercely. How could I forget we could block them? The track is only so wide. Are we going to let them overtake us as they please? Humph. Jean Jun was speechless after being hit and could no longer bear it. She silently activated the driver's dash cam. If Winging uses such dangerous actions again, she will record it and submit it to the Insurance Association of Motor Vehicles, thereby obtaining the opportunity to terminate the contract and receive compensation for emotional distress. Inside the tunnel, Suchin piloted the Star Dream and had already entered the wake of the Golden Falcon. He prepared to change lanes to overtake, but just as he switched to the adjacent lane, one ting in front of him quickly cut in front of them. Oh, changing lanes for defense. Suchin frowned. Such blocking is not common in rally racing as most cars rarely have the opportunity to compete with each other due to the starting intervals. Blockades typically occur on underground tracks where the lap schedule is unclear or the rules are ambiguous. This is a dangerous and dishonest maneuver. A few races have explicit rules allowing only one single lane defensive change. In most races, however, a defensive lane change violates the blue flag rule, dangerous driving regulations, and fair play principles. However, he did not see any restrictions on this aspect in the competition rules before participating in the city championship. The absence of restrictions means that changing lanes for defense is permitted here. Suchin cautiously attempted to change lanes again while one ting continued to seize the lead in the lane. The entire process was monitored by the competition organizers, but the referee's radio station did not issue any warnings to Winging and Gene Jun. Such Chan understood. Since changing lanes to defend is not a foul, then his dangerous overtaking is also not a foul. Inside the cockpit of the Golden Falcon, Winging was smug and self-satisfied. So, what if you're fast and drift fast? You'll still get blocked behind me. Looking at Shing Ming in the rearview mirror, she felt a surge of vengeful pleasure. If Such Chun and Shing Mang were to surpass them like this, they would definitely achieve good results, right? She even had the idea of deliberately slowing down the car to block Such Chen and Shing Ming. This would effectively ruin Such Chun and Shing Mangs performance in this competition. All their efforts in modifying the core and even the purple holy mark would be wasted. When Such Chun realizes that all his efforts for Shing Mang have been in vain, will he continue to indulge her? However, she ultimately did not do so because the results of the competition are equally important to her. As long as you keep Such Chun and Shing Mang in check and your grades are better than theirs, that's fine. In her excitement, she fidgeted with the steering wheel a couple more times, unaware that her actions were being recorded by the driver's dash cam that had been secretly activated. Ladies and gentlemen, some interesting things are happening on the track right now. Before the two professional players even started, Turkey Bros attention was all on Such Chin, and he immediately spotted Wuing blocking Such Chen's path. He deliberately stirred things up, saying, "It's clear that our number 22 driver really wants to overtake, but the tunnel section is narrow, and he doesn't have an absolute speed and acceleration advantage. Meanwhile, number 21 is using a lane-changing defensive maneuver. If number 22 wants to overtake, he might have to wait until the next corner, which would be very detrimental to his race results. So, what other ways might he have to break through? Damn it, they're so annoying. Meow. Shing Ming gritted her teeth as she looked at Winging, who was blocking the road ahead. They deliberately blocked our way. Even though we were faster, disgusting, perverted, bad guys. Just when he was about to surpass Wang Tinging, this situation occurred. Shings voice trembled with grievance. It's all right. Such Chen remained calm, even having time to patch Chings bottom to soothe her emotions. Wong Tings decision was correct, but unfortunately, she lacked the ability to execute this strategy. He drove his Star Dream to the center of the track where he had plenty of space to change lanes to the left or right. Now, he needs to get out of the wake of the Golden Falcon in preparation for the next operation. This is because the air pressure in the wake region is low and the turbulence reduces the aerodynamic downforce of the star dream resulting in a significant decrease in steering accuracy. Jessica, how do you think they'll break this deadlock? The queen's voice was tinged with tension and anxiety. Her fingers were clenched so tightly that her knuckles turned white, though she herself didn't realize it. But Jessica noticed and she was curious as to why Queen was paying so much attention to a newcomer. However, he honestly replied, "In general, in this situation, you can only wait for the next bend and use the drift advantage to overtake. Or you can faint, pretend to change lanes to one side, trick the car in front, and then immediately change lanes to the other side. This can also achieve overtaking, but it requires a higher level of skill from the driver, and this new driver may not be able to do it. The queen remained silent. She had a premonition, although she had never seen Suchin use it, Suchin definitely would. The instant you leave the wake region, a cold glint flashed in Suchin's eyes. No. Suchin turned the steering wheel about 20 degrees to the right and the front of the Shing Ming car immediately veered to the right side of the track. Wong Ting reacted immediately and Xin Jun moved to the right attempting to block the possible overtaking route. Time seemed to stretch out at that moment. They've taken the bait. Suchin's lips curled up slightly as he gripped the steering wheel and turned it fully to the left. The Star Dream Snow White body was like a drawn sword, instantly slicing to the left. At the same time, Suchin pressed the accelerator pedal to the floor with his right foot, and the engine instantly roared deafeningly. They're cheating. Wanting realized she had been tricked and hastily tried to pull Jean Jun back to the left, but it was too late. Her weak skills were insufficient to support her reaction speed in pulling the Golden Falcon back. Despite the mistake being only a second or two in, Shing Ming had successfully cut into Gene Juns left side. The distance between the two Mecca girls is less than half a meter. They were so close that Such Chin and Shing Mang could clearly see Wang Tings distorted face and bloodshot eyes in the rear view mirror of the Golden Falcon. The air was squeezed and torn between the two Mecca girls, producing a sharp whistling sound. I won't let you pass. Winging roared, trying to push Jin Jun to the left. She was so desperate that she actually wanted to run over them and knock Such Chun and Shing Mang off the track. Just then, Jean Jun took the initiative to stop Wang Tings actions and pulled the car back to be parallel with Shing Mang. Jean Jun, what are you doing? Winging screamed, slamming her hand on the steering wheel. Master, the city championship does not allow deliberate collisions with other athletes. Jin Juns voice was cold and calm, like a bucket of cold water poured on Winging. This is a violation of the rules, and you will be disqualified and banned for 3 years. Wingings expression changed several times as she weighed the pros and cons, but in the end, she chickenened out. Being sent off is fine, but a three-year ban is too heavy a punishment for her. She can't afford to take that grass dash. Seeing the two cars gradually level, she could only vent her anger by slamming her fist on the steering wheel again. Jin Jun ignored all of this, remaining silent, already pondering how much compensation he could seek by recording the incident. Suchin glanced at Winging once before looking away, his hands on the steering wheel as steady as a rock. For him, overtaking the Golden Falcon was just routine. But for Shing Ming, this moment must have extraordinary significance. He saw Shing Ming staring intently at Jin Jun, or rather staring intently at Wong Tinging in Jin Juns cockpit. Her shoulders were trembling, and tears were welling up in her eyes. In Shing Mings eyes, the one Wong Tinging was piloting was no longer the Golden Falcon, but rather the one she used to be. She was lying face down in front of the cockpit with her head down being verbally abused and punched and kicked by Wong Tinging. She always thought it was because she wasn't good enough. Otherwise, how could Winging, who was nice to her at first, have gradually turned into the way she is now. So, she worked hard and trained diligently, spending her free time working in the tracks logistics department to earn money, hoping to modify and improve her performance until she discovered that whether it was the money she earned or the money Wong Tinging earned herself, it was all just to replace her. If she had studied properly, she wouldn't be so dull and clueless now. She knew nothing when Suchin asked her questions. Even now, when facing Suchin, she still feels inferior. However, she understood a principle. It's not that she's not good enough. It's Wong Ting. Oh no. Amidst the engine's unwilling roar, like a butterfly breaking free from its cocoon, the Star Dreams body slowly but resolutely broke forward. Breakthrough and breakthrough again. Inch by inch, surpassing the golden falcon piloted by Winging. First the front lip, then the hood, then the A-pillar until her rear wheels are parallel to the front wheels of the Golden Falcon. Overtaking was completed in the next second. Goodbye Star Dream. Shing Ming looked up at the racetrack, letting tears slide down her cheeks. Inside the tunnel, light and darkness alternate. Behind me was darkness. Ahead lay a smooth road. She murmured, "I'm going to move forward." Chapter 41. so-called same frequency. Before entering the tunnel, Shing Ming was blocked by Gin Jun and there was no hope of overtaking on that narrow track. After leaving the tunnel, she was already far ahead of Gene Jun. They actually managed to overtake. Are you kidding me? You're telling me this fake move is from a newbie? The competition organizers must have hired him just for the sake of creating entertainment. An uproar erupted in the audience. Jessica's mouth was wide open. You could fit an egg inside. No way. Holy crap. He's really good at this. When Queen saw Suchin successfully overtake Shing Ming, she breathed a sigh of relief, but also felt it was somewhat expected. The corners of her lips curved upwards even more, and she glanced at Jessica. How is it? Jessica swallowed hard. This driver named Suchin is something else. He's really something. Is it just a little something? Queen seemed dissatisfied. Jessica felt that Queen seemed to be paying too much attention to this pilot. She said frankly, "To be honest, his faint was indeed smooth, but his opponent was a complete idiot. If it were a professional pilot like Yuming or Suche, he certainly wouldn't have been overtaken so easily. Besides, his Mecca girl wasn't much faster than that Golden Falcon. He'll probably only be a top 10 finisher in this race. This time, Queen wore her displeasure on her face. Did I ask you to predict their rankings? Why don't you just hang a slot bucket over your long mouth? Jessica didn't dare to speak. The queen is quite adept at using sharp tongues and sarcastic remarks. The best way to deal with this is to keep quiet. Otherwise, you will face a barrage of attacks. Dear viewers, it's unbelievable. Our Such Chun and Shing Mang actually fainted. The relatively inexperienced contestant number 21 obviously didn't expect his opponent to be so cunning and could only suffer a crushing defeat on the spot. Turkey bro was once again glad that he had a sharp eye and immediately had the camera focused on Su Chin and Shing Ming. Just for that move, the boss would give him an extra chicken leg today. A faint to change lanes and overtake is relatively rare in City Championships. And even rarer is that such a maneuver came from a rookie driver. Turkey bro deliberately sighed. Contestant number 21 didn't lose unjustly. The cameraman suddenly leaned over and whispered a few words in his ear. Turkey bros eyes lit up immediately and he snapped his fingers. All right, viewers. Our two professional drivers have started their race. Let's see how they perform. There was a full minutes interval between the departures of Yuming and Suche with Yuming going first and Such going second. The two players are of similar skill levels and it's almost impossible for them to meet on the track. However, they each have their own teams which will report their average speed and ranking from behind. So, it can be considered a competition from a distance. Where does my cornering speed rank? After turning corner one, Yuming immediately inquired with the Northern Wolves logistics team. Don't worry, Ming Xi, your cornering speed is number one. Such is behind you, and his cornering speed hasn't come out yet. However, Fongi is a thunderstar shining mecha girl, which is good at bursts of speed. She shouldn't be our match in terms of speed. Yumings lips curled up slightly. As expected, everything was under control. If we keep going like this, the championship will be ours for the taking. What about Such Chin? He thought of the newcomer who had high hopes for him and asked, "How much slower is Such Chin in corners than me?" "Such Chin." There was a moment of silence on the other end of the walkie-talkie, followed by the sound of a mouse clicking. After two seconds, someone said, "Brother Ming, Such Chin and Shing Mings cornering speed is 183 km per hour, which is 3 km per hour slower than Yu and Sisterhoing. These two drivers are really impressive. I heard they're still rookies." "What?" Yuming was so shocked that he almost hit his head on the steering wheel. "Master, why are you so agitated?" Shadowchaser complained, frowning. "It's a match. Don't be so jumpy. Yum. Minging nicknamed chasing shadows said blankly. Just now at turn number one, Such Chin and Shing Mang were 3 km slower than us. Holy crap. The chase vehicle shook violently, its reaction barely calmer than Yumings. How could they have improved so much in just a few days? Juing was astonished. Although she and Yuing did not push for maximum speed at turn one, the first corner of the race, it was because they needed to adapt to the pace of the race and it was a warm-up. But Such Chun and Shing Mang are just too outrageous. I remember a week ago at the Bingjo Underground race, Such Chin and Shing Mangs average speed was only 171 kmh. Right now, their cornering speed is already over 180 kmh. A purple holy mark. It must be a purple holy mark. Yuming gripped the steering wheel tightly, his eyes reening. Damn it. I can't imagine what a cheerful boy I would be if I had drawn this purple stigmata instead of a gloomy fish frying dog. Zoying narrowed his eyes, his tone turning cold. What? Master, you want to open blind boxes again? Don't blame me for not warning you. If you go open blind boxes again, I'll put wasabi in all your cigarettes. and if you don't smoke them, I'll beat you up." Yuming chuckled awkwardly and quickly said, "I wouldn't dare." But his eyes, which were fixed on the track, held a newfound seriousness. It seems that today's competitors are not just little kids. Such Chin is a ruthless character, too. Butler, quickly report the data for me and Yum, Ming. Just after turning point one, Suche started shouting. The old butler's gentle voice immediately came through the walkie-talkie. Young master, you are 5 km per hour slower than Yuming in the corner, but it's not a big problem. You and Fong he have faster corner exit correction and corner exit burst acceleration. The cornering speed is actually 5 km slower. Suchin narrowed his eyes and sneered. As expected, fish dog is fish dog. It does have some skill in frying fish. Fenha, even though the departure interval was a minute off, I'm going to make up for that minute today. Master, this might be a bit difficult. Phone, he tilted his head slightly, licking his red lips with a smile. After all, our opponents are not ordinary weaklings. So, my master, are you going to adopt a more aggressive running strategy? Ah, that's natural. Such nodded. The trump card is the one that is played out and deals a heavy blow to the opponent. If you don't play them, they're just useless cards stuck in your hand. He had been preparing for this moment for so long. It's time to show the results of his and Funha's training. I understand. Fong's pretty face flushed, her eyes alluring, and she said sweetly, "Since master wants to be more aggressive, shouldn't he give the Mecca girls some encouragement?" Such floored the accelerator. Under foam, he's burning gaze. He silently took out a whip from the storage box. Each Mecca girl is an independent individual. They all have different interests and hobbies. Catering to their preferences or evoking their emotions can increase the frequency of connection. When the frequency of the game increases to a certain level, the Mecca girl can unleash even stronger performance. Foam. He usually presents herself as a gentle older sister in front of others. It often gives others the illusion that they are playing a raising/mastering game. However, only Suchi knew the truth. These are all just appearances. Fong he has a secret that only he knows. This is also his secret to improving Fingha's frequency of communication. Snap. Chapter 42. Scandinavian flick twoin one. Ladies and gentlemen, Yuming and Zhuing are faster, but our Star Crown T3A Suche and Fong Hei have extremely high burst acceleration. This means that after slowing down every corner, they can accelerate back to their top speed in a very short time. Overall, they are actually quite evenly matched. Things are starting to get interesting. After the two professional drivers started, most of the camera focused on chasing Shadow and Wind Crane. Turkey bro was also giving a very animated explanation. His mouth was dry from talking. Thank you all for your support of the city championship. Now we'd like to take a short commercial break. A giant red tomato flashed on the electronic screen of the city championships. Read books ontomato.com. Popular novels will get you spending money on cultivation, but they won't make you take care of a female sword immortal. Come and read. Those innocent cockroaches are swarming in your kitchen, throwing a wild party, but they'll be reduced to dust by this amazing product. For the ultimate cockroach killer, look no further than Roast Goose Bran. Unfortunately, there were no cameras in the cockpit. Otherwise, the scene inside the cockpit of the wind crane would have been absolutely explosive. Meanwhile, in the cockpit of Star Dream, Suchin was surprised as he felt the sudden increase in speed. The peak speed of the Star Dream is around 240 km per hour. But now the speedometer on the Star Dream has clearly climbed to 250 kmh. Don't underestimate this 10 km difference. This is a data that would never appear in normal training unless going downhill. This is where the eye of God comes in handy. As long as you can see Shing Ming state, you're not completely clueless. Name: Star Dream, Star Emblem, Radiant Light, Team Enhancement. Speed 63, curves 64, stable 43, burst 39, battery life, modification core, blazing storm, cornering correction minus 5%, tire wear plus 20%. Special effects omitted. Stigma Emperor Engine amethyst. Current level C++. Special talents one not activated. Two catgirl appearance specialization three silent movement. Same frequency 60% base 30% speed plus 5%. State transformation excitement. Review. She can compete on the field and also warm your bed. This soft and sweet caggirl specialization is a treasure for young people. Suchin blinked, making sure he wasn't seeing things. Before the competition, his frequency of synchronization with Shing Ming was 30%, but now it has suddenly soared to 60%. The concept of synchronous frequency is somewhat like a combination of tacet understanding and affection. Though that's not entirely accurate because it's influenced not only by daily life but also by the mecha girl's emotions during competitions. Maintaining a close and trusting relationship with the mecha girl, giving her small gifts she likes and doing things she enjoys will build a basic level of synchronized frequency. However, achieving this level of frequency is extremely difficult and requires gradual accumulation. Furthermore, if the Mecca girl is in a bad mood or unhappy, her basic frequency of interaction will decrease. Maintaining a level of sync with the Mecca girl on a daily basis is key. More importantly, it stimulates the synchronization of the Mecca girls during the competition. Su Chin and Shing signed a contract less than a month ago and he doesn't think he can increase Shings frequency of connection much. He didn't do anything deliberately usually and everything just happened naturally. He didn't want to approach Shiming with any ulterior motives. Unexpectedly, Shings frequency of synchronization exploded at this moment. She also gained a 5% speed boost. That should mean that the first stage has reached the same frequency threshold that can trigger attribute enhancement. It's good to be able to see the specific data. Suchin sighed happily. If it were any other driver here, they would probably still be completely bewildered. A red warning sign flashed by in their field of vision. And at the same time, Shing Ming serious and earnest voice rang out from ahead. Mass 500 m ahead. Three consecutive hairpin bends. Level two hold tight. Meow. Received. Suchin who had originally intended to interview Shing Ming immediately composed himself. The lower the corner rating, the sharper the corner and the greater the difficulty. Close to the apex emphasizes the need to drive very close to the inside of the track. Without a doubt, these three consecutive hairpin turns are definitely one of the most difficult turns in the city championship. Such Chin and Shing Mang had practiced these three or even five-step hairpin turns before, but they still had to take them seriously at this moment. Amidst the high-pitched roar of the engine over a distance of 500 m, the scenery on both sides of the road flashed by, and both trees and spectators behind fences were blurred into indistinct lines. But this did not stop Suchin from focusing his attention on the approaching bend. 5 minutes ago. Quick, focus the camera on the series of bends at number 127. Upon hearing Turkey Bro's words, the cameraman immediately gestured to his men. Turkey Bro is a professional host, and he's an expert at knowing exactly when to give screen time to which contestant. The professional drivers cornering is indeed a sight to behold, but there's another pair of dark horses worth watching. Dear viewers, turn 127 is the most challenging triple hairpin bend in this competition. After turn 127, there will be a short straight to adjust the track, followed by a 50 km stretch of gravel and broken road. Turkey bro, gazing animatedly at the Mecca girls speeding across the screen, exclaimed, "During the previous races, viewers may have noticed that most drivers times weren't significantly different. It seemed like both professional and amateur drivers had similar skills, but after turn 127, you gain a completely new understanding of each driver's abilities. The consecutive hairpin bends at number 127 are the watershed. I can say with absolute certainty that after turn 127, the top 10 in this race will be pretty much the same. Out of the corner of his eye, he caught a glimpse of a white phantom speeding towards him from the end of the track. The voice suddenly rose. Now let's focus the camera on the 127th watershed. I believe not only I but many viewers are also curious about how newcomers Such Chin and Shing Mang will handle this series of hairpin bends. Will they blend into the crowd or make a name for themselves? It's all about this moment. Many audience members stood up and stared intently at the big screen. During the three camera moving shot, the white phantom named Star Dream was approaching the 127th consecutive hairpin bend at an extremely high speed. Wow, that's fast. Was this Mecca girl this fast before? It seems like this pair of newcomers have become much faster since they pulled away from player number 21. So, what if it's fast? You can't maintain that speed on curves, let alone a series of hairpin bends. Go Sue Chay, you're the best. You have to get first place. The audience was buzzing with discussion. Jessica saw Queen's slender, pale fingers gripping the railing tightly, causing it to gradually deform. This usually aloof, arrogant, and sharp tonged older sister, who seems uninterested in anything, is actually nervous right now. Amazing. Has queen started following celebrities, too? That's quite unusual. It seems necessary to report this to Miss. Squeak. Jessica's lips twitched as she looked at the crumbled railing. Queen, you have to pay for the railing if you break it. Shut up. Queen stared at the screen without moving an inch. Chirping away. Are you a sparrow from the mountains? Jessica? She could only stare at the screen. The most classic way to deal with these consecutive hairpin bends is the Scandinavian flick, also known as the pendulum drift. However, this kind of drifting requires a very high level of skill from the driver. It's a technique that only professional drivers can truly master. There's nowhere to learn this without joining a club. Driving schools and leaguemies won't teach such advanced skills. Even amateur players dare not attempt it lightly, as a mistake could damage the Mecca girl. She had looked up Such Chen's information, which was quite funny. This is an unlicensed car modification technician who has never attended a league academy. He is an amateur among amateurs. The skills Suchin had previously displayed were already outrageous to her. Can Suchin still use the swing drift now? She doesn't believe it. If Queen makes a mistake here, she'll be very disappointed, right? She couldn't help but glance at Queen again. The Mecca girl's profile was stunning, both delicate and alluring, and she was currently gazing intently ahead. It's hard to imagine that queen would look at someone so intently. Even the young lady had never been looked at like that by the queen. It doesn't matter. Jessica looked away, lost in thought. It's good for queen to come out and watch these competitions. After watching more, she'll understand that none of these drivers can compare to Miss. It's time to settle down and cooperate fully with headquarters modification plan. The three consecutive hairpin bends like a serpentine snake twist and turn on the track, waiting for its prey. In an instant, Suchin had formed a complete plan for cornering in his mind. I still remember my past life. He once had a team building activity with a top driver. It was with the help of that driver that I learned Scandinavia. The driver surname Sue was known as the emperor of the track and his pendulum drift was as smooth as dove chocolate. Everyone who saw him would call him a freak. Such Chen's pendulum drifting technique bears some resemblance to that person's. But even just a slight resemblance to him is enough to handle the current situation. Suchin gripped the steering wheel tightly, the engine roaring in his ears, a burning passion simmering within him. Star Dream, are you ready? Meow. Shing Mings voice was filled with enthusiasm and confidence. She leaned slightly forward, her cat ears perked up, completely focused. The first hairpin bend was right in front of them. Suchin glanced at the speedometer. Minus 192 km per hour. The speed was extremely dangerous, a limit he couldn't fully control, like dancing on a knife's edge. But instead of slowing down further, he gently pressed the accelerator, keeping Shimings speed on the edge of danger. Come on. He exhaled softly. Scandinavian flick. Chapter 43. Three-part breakdown. Suchin locked his gaze on the apex of the bend and decisively reduced his throttle. At the same time, step on the brake with your right foot. Squeak. With a sharp screech of tires, a plume of white smoke trailed ahead of the bend. The Star Dreams car body moved forward due to inertia. Suchin silently sensed the balance of the Starreams vehicle, quickly pressed the clutch with his left foot, and placed his hand on the paddle shifters to prepare for downshifting. When I caught a glimpse of the warning sign on the bend out of the corner of my eye, time seemed to stand still for a moment. All that remained was that gradually widening bend. The instant time resumed. He had already turned the steering wheel to the right. The rear of the Star Dream car suddenly swung to the left, drawing a beautiful arc on the track. At this moment, Shing Ming is on the verge of going out of control. If no intervention is taken, it will immediately collide with the nearby guard rail. Suchin didn't care how closely he was pressed against the inside of the curve. His skills are not yet at a level of perfection. What he needs to do is proceed steadily and surely. While maintaining speed, we will conquer these three consecutive hairpin bends. As the Star Dream car was about to hit the guardrail, he quickly reversed the steering wheel to the left. Using the leftward momentum of the Star Dreams rear to help the front of the car quickly point towards the inside of the curve. The rear wheels, which had lost traction, gripped the ground again. No collision with the guardrail occurred. star dream weaving through the pale lingering smoke. For the spectators near the track railing, their view was even more direct. The tail of the car that Shing Ming was swinging out was full of explosive power and a sense of strength. It was a battle dance presented by the driver and the Mecca girl in perfect coordination. The oppressive feeling that it seemed like it could crash into them at any moment made many spectators scream and back away. Boom. As for the explosive engine sound, it was a battle cry that complemented the battle dance. As soon as he passed the first bend, Suchin immediately adjusted his strategy using heel and toe downshifting while pressing the brake with the toe of your right foot. Simultaneously apply the accelerator with your heel and control the clutch with your left foot to maintain engine speed matching and prevent the rear wheels from locking up and causing loss of control. When entering the second left turn, he used the conventional slow and fast outline, controlling the car's posture at the apex of the turn. Although there is almost no breathing room between the second and third hairpin turns. However, with this maneuver, Shings cornering speed did not decrease much, and the car body maintained a stable state similar to entering a corner on a straight line. The Scandinavian flick technique is typically used only on the first corner. Continuing to use the subsequent curves would be extremely risky. As that top driver once said, "If you don't have top-notch skills in a top performance car, just make sure to smoothly transition through the second corner." Using a stripped down version of the pendulum float doesn't mean you're inferior. It reflects wisdom and more rational thinking. If it can be perfected, it won't be worse than a theoretically perfect pendulum float. There might be some element of comfort in that, but Suchin was self-aware. His greatest strength is that he knows who he is, what he should do, and how much he should do. Wow. The angle of that third hairpin bend is terrifying. Meow. A gasp from Shing rang out from ahead. Suchin's gaze was calm, and the corners of his mouth were slightly raised. During his pre-race research of the track, he had already noticed that the angles of the three consecutive hairpin turns in the city championship were not the same, and each one was sharper than the last. This causes the difficulty of each corner to increase exponentially for the driver. Even if you manage to get through the first and second corners using Scandinavian flick, you might still crash into the guardrail on the third corner due to insufficient skill and the robot girls performance. That's why he ultimately chose to play it safe. The most dangerous third right turn is coming right at us. Handbreak drift, breaking drift, all of that was thrown to the back of my mind. The hairpin bend in front of us is a category 1 bend. With the Star Dream's current speed of around 180 km per hour and its cornering characteristics of just over 60 km per hour, it would be suicidal to break hard and drift on a category 1 bend. Fortunately, before entering the third bend, he had already driven the Star Dream close to the inner lane. At this moment, his room for maneuver and tolerance for error have been maximized. In this situation, the only option is to use tail turn, he murmured, using technical terms that Shing Ming didn't quite understand. Follow steer technique only slightly controls the rear of the car to swing outward using rear wheel slippage to assist steering. Compared to while drifting, this technique is more stable and controllable. The steering wheel in Such Chen's hands was no longer turned in wide sweeping motions. Instead, it is as precise and elegant as a conductor's batten. Slight tail sway combined with precise throttle control keeps the rear wheels of the Dream bike at the critical point of grip. These operations may seem complex and slow, but they are actually completed in just a few seconds. The moment the Star Dream car emerged from the bend, its body was already parallel to the straight track for the sprint. Everything is just right and I have everything under control. Although he didn't use the Scandinavian flick perfectly, the precise follow-through steering at the end eliminated the need for cornering corrections. This is the best way to handle Shing. After all, there's that 5% cornering correction effect. Call Dash. Suchin let out a long breath, a relaxed smile appearing on his lips. Perhaps this is the difference between a cartooner and a race car driver. Those wild guys went even crazier, following muscle memory and instinct. As a modifier, he is used to precise and complex work. He is more rational, prefers analysis and calculation, and cares more about protecting the race car. Although his calculations are still far from those of top drivers, they are already taking shape. Full throttle out of the corner. Gradual full throttle. Boom. Boom. Boom. The engine roared higher and higher and Star Dream charged out of the bend like a wild horse. Wow. Go, go, go. She had no idea what kind of skill Suchin had displayed with the three consecutive hairpin bends. She only knew that working with Suchin was very comfortable and reassuring, unlike Wang Tingding, who gave her a feeling of unease and frustration. Click the instant when passing the speed camera at the bend. An unbelievable cornering speed was displayed on the electronic screen. 178 km per hour. After a brief silence, the entire venue erupted in cheers. Dear viewers, this is amazing. Holy crap. Turkey bro even stutters a little when he speaks. He had considered that Suchun and Shing Mang would slow down, that an accident might occur, and even that they would slow down significantly to support the pendulum drift throughout the entire process. But he never expected that Suchin would separate the three hairpin bands one by one. Each Ben showcases a different technique. Moreover, they are all very skilled. To be honest, I'm just a commentator for the City Championships, and my professional skills are still a bit lacking. Regarding Such Chin and Shing Mangs handling of the three corners, I can only discern that the first one was a classic pendulum drift. As for the second and third, I have no idea what techniques they employed. He shook his head modestly, then shoved the microphone into the cheek of the white- bearded sunglasseswearing old man next to him. Now, please welcome our five-star track analyst, Mr. MacArthur, to give us his analysis. MacArthur frowned, moved the microphone away slightly, cleared his throat, and said, "If I'm not mistaken, the second driver should be using a combination of Helanto technique and a slow in, fast out cornering strategy." The so-called slow in, fast out strategy involves entering a curve at a lower speed, ensuring the vehicle remains stable at the apex, and then gradually accelerating to exit the curve at a higher speed. This strategy requires precise control of the vehicle's weight transfer and tire load at the apex. The third section is trail braking plus throttle control, which is one of the most advanced cornering techniques. At this point, MacArthur's expression turns serious. This technology no longer relies on aggressive drifting, but instead calculates the optimal braking point precisely. The selection of the steering point is more accurate, aiming for one time precise braking. This maneuver demands extremely high technical skill. It requires not only ensuring the rear wheels lose only a slight amount of traction without completely losing control, but also controlling the degree of rear wheel slippage through precise throttle adjustments. Seeing Turkey Bros bewildered expression, he couldn't help but roll his eyes. A host is a host. All he can do is shove a microphone into his mouth. To put it bluntly, this is a sophisticated micromanagement technique, no less difficult than the Scandinavian flick. Driver number 22 did not brutally implement Scandinavian flick's general view of prioritizing consecutive corners on the three consecutive hairpin turns. Instead, the three hairpin bends are separated, ensuring both stability and safety while also maintaining Ben's speed. Gazing at the white phantom that was leaving everyone else in the dust on the screen, he couldn't help but exclaim. This player is not only skilled but also very intelligent. Which is more important, a flexible mind or technical skills? MacArthur thought to himself. When he was still a child, his racing skills were just beginning to blossom under the influence of the star god. Back then, technology was the top priority. However, after a century of development, the technology has become largely saturated. Although new racing technology is still being developed, it is only a minor modification to the original racing technology inherited from the star god. At least in his view. In this day and age, a flexible mind is more advantageous than technical skills. Chapter 44. Worries part two. In the audience, some said the organizers were just creating a spectacle, while others were puzzled. After all, it is extremely rare to pass through these three hairpin bends with such a smooth ride and maintain a speed of around 180 km per hour. But most viewers remember the names Such Chin and Shing Mang and the two underrated contestants. Is that Mecca girl named Hasho? Does anyone have her poster? Wow, it's a catgirl specialization type. Among Catgirl specialization Mecca girls, 99 out of 100 are subpar. Suchin really struck gold. I'm so envious. Tch when Star god opens two windows, he'll definitely close one door. Maybe this Mecca girl is not only short-tempered, but also asexual, a sour voice said. Asexuality is one thing, but what if she's one of those one in a million cross-dressing Mecca girls? Tsk tsk. The dark rats in the sewers are only good at gossiping behind people's backs. Queen's cold voice rang out. Unfortunately, Shing Ming is not only very gentle and sweet, but she also warms the bed for her pilot every night. Envious. You should be a stinking maggot. Like you will never have a Mecca girl like that in your entire life. You stinking maggot, you should just keep licking [ __ ] in the sewers. Her voice was neither too loud nor too soft, but it was enough to resonate throughout a large VIP area. The driver, his face darkening from the mockery, stood up stiffly and pointed at Queen. Who do you think you are? What we're discussing is none of your business. The queen raised her chin, a smile of interest playing on her lips. It's been a long time since she's had a satisfying and cathartic retort. Her mouth is really a bit lonely. However, Jessica had anticipated this and stepped in front of Queen, showing him her identity. Excuse me, you've disturbed our Mecca girl. Please return to your seat immediately and keep quiet. The driver wanted to say something more, but when he saw the crescent moon-shaped work ID of the voice of the night, or rather assistance ID, his face turned pale, and he sat back down in his seat, keeping quiet. While it's true that such work passes could be forged, the only person sitting at the very front of the VIP section could truly be a member of the voice of the night. Because the people who can sit here wouldn't dare to forge this kind of work permit. Otherwise, if they were found out, wouldn't that cause trouble for their own club? Jessica, you shouldn't have stopped me. You're getting in my way. The queen was still brooding when she returned to her seat, but she didn't say anything more. Jessica chuckled awkwardly. By the way, Queen, how did you know Star Dream was gentle and would even warm the driver's bed? You guys, I guessed. Queen's face remained calm, but her fingers tightened slightly. She glanced at Jessica expressionlessly, her red lips slightly parted. You're asking a lot of questions. Are you in elementary school, Jessica? Well, she shouldn't have messed with this old lady. Broken edge. We did a great job at the hairpin bend. Completely beyond our usual level. At the rest area in front of the gravel track, Lin Hyun took another painkiller with mineral water. His current headache is neuropathic, not traumatic, and he can only rely on painkillers to suppress it until he recovers. He wouldn't have come to the rest area if he didn't have a headache. After all, the city championships don't last long, and this rest area is basically just for show. Few contestants choose to take that 3-minute break as it greatly affects the pilots and Mecca Girls condition. But he was in so much pain that he couldn't bear it anymore. Master, this is the result of our hard training. Puffong stood behind Linhy and smiled as he massaged Linhys temples. What was our cornering speed just now? Linhyen closed his eyes, trying to relax his tense nerves. Let me see. The phone looked up at the electronic screen in the rest area, which displayed the cornering speeds of all the competitors who had passed the speed measuring strip for the three consecutive hairpin turns on number 127. Master, our cornering speed is 138 kmph, which is currently the fastest among all competitors. Linhyen's lips curled slightly as he heard Puffang's excited voice. This is the Scandinavian flick. Even just learning the basics can greatly improve our cornering speed. I remember last year when we went through these three herpin bents, our cornering speed was only around 110. The rewards of hard work are right before your eyes. Is there anything more wonderful than that? Pone gazed smuggly at the electronic screen. The roar of engines and the snapping sound of speed traps could be heard intermittently. Data sets kept being updated, but none of them could surpass her and Lin Hyun scores. It seems that she and Lin Hyun are really going to have a run for the title of this year's city championship until boom. A roar that was noticeably louder than the other engine sounds gave both of them goosebumps. With the snap of the speed camera, a set of data was refreshed on the screen, and Pong suddenly pressed harder on Lin Hyun's temple. "Ah!" Lin Hyun screamed and fell off the stool to the ground. "Po, why are you suddenly using so much force?" He rubbed his head and got up from the ground, only to see Pong staring blankly at the screen. Following Puff Fangs gaze, Lin Hyun gasped. Contestant number 22, Such Chin Shing Mang. Average cornering speed 178 km per hour. What? Lin Hyun shuddered and the mineral water bottle in his hand fell to the ground. Viewers, this is the city championship online broadcast. As I just said, the three consecutive hairpin bends on number 127 are definitely a watershed moment in the skill level of all the drivers. Contestants number 21, Winging and Gene Jun crashed into the guardrail due to poor control of their entry point and speed. They have been towed away. To be honest, Winging is a rookie driver, so this mistake is understandable. Hopefully, she will continue to work hard in the second half of the year. The large screen showed a close-up of Wong Ting hitting the guardrail. You can clearly see her banging her head against the steering wheel and Jean Jun in front of her looks like she's given up on life. Contestant number 28, Wong and Hellfire seem to have had some disagreement. They actually stopped and started arguing near turn 127. Is it a disagreement about cornering strategy? In any case, this could easily cause an accident and the tow truck team has been dispatched. And then there's contestant number 41. It's a real shame. He had already made it through the three consecutive hairpin turns at number 127 using a standard pendulum drift, but because he didn't correct properly when exiting the turn, he break too suddenly and his car flipped over. Luckily, he didn't hit any spectators. Turkey bro paused, then held up one finger. Speaking of which, I have to insert a commercial break. Watching games carries risks, but with our million-doll viewing insurance, everyone can have peace of mind. One person buys insurance, the whole family benefits. For movie viewing insurance, choose roast goose insurance. Commercial breakover. Let's continue the match commentary. They're here. our professional players, Yuming and Zhuing. Wow, a very beautiful pendulum drift. Silky smooth, perfect, but the cornering speed doesn't seem very high. Turkey bro turned his head and glanced at the electronic screen behind him, looking surprised. Yuming and Chasing Shadows cornering speed is 175 km per hour, which is already very good. They have been performing steadily and can be said to be strong contenders for the championship. After forcing himself to finish the explanation, Turkey bro felt it was absurd. He finally understood why he felt the shadowchaser wasn't fast enough in the corners because there was someone even faster ahead. But he's just a rookie. How could Yuming and be unable to beat a rookie in cornering speed? A moment later, another engine roared to life. The crane green car cover reflected a soft light in the sunlight and was blowing in through the wind billowing white smoke. Our bingjo city's professional racer Suche and his mecha girl foam he have also arrived. The pendulum drift was equally perfect. Although the cornering speed was slightly slower than the extremely fast cornering correction and explosive acceleration after the corner instantly made up for that slight difference. The two professional racers results were also very close. Let's get our high-speed drone closer to take pictures and see if we can capture Suché's amazing technical moves. Wait, that's strange. Such actually opened the privacy screen on the Fingha. And why can I hear a slapping sound? Is it just my imagination? Turkey bro looked completely bewildered. Such and Fongi's logistics team were also completely bewildered. who would turn off their privacy screen during a rally race. However, there is no explicit rule against it, and it is the young master and Funhi's freedom, which they cannot interfere with. Clap, clap, clap. Inside the cockpit of the wind crane, Such's face was flushed red. He gripped the steering wheel tightly with one hand while waving the whip with shame and force with the other. In their eyes, there was only the desire for victory. Wind crane, keep accelerating. Don't lose to that fish blasting dog. Okay, little Chay is so awesome. After a brief sprint on the track, Suchin drove the Star Dream onto the gravel road. Mass, the road here is so bumpy. My butt is going to break. Shing Ming pouted, her soft cat ears drooping, looking very unhappy. Not only was Shiming upset, but Such Chin was also upset. This gravel road and broken asphalt road truly live up to their reputation. They're even worse than the roads in the countryside. In the past, a racing car like the Star Dream in its sports car form would have been impossible to drive on this kind of road. Only the chassis of the Mecca Girl can automatically rise and fall to the appropriate height. Otherwise, the chassis would have been damaged long ago. Hang in there. It's only 50 km. You'll be there soon. Yeah, don't worry, Moss. Shining Ming can handle it. Meow. Encouraged by her driver, Shinmings mood improved considerably. Despite feeling very uncomfortable, she gritted her teeth and remained silent. Good girl, Suchin reached out to comfort Shing, hoping to ease the pain in her bottom from the jostling. He frowned as he looked at the increasingly dilapidated racetrack. What he is most worried about now is not what the final result will be. It's the gravel roads and broken asphalt that damage the tires. Who would have thought that the city championship would suddenly change the rules, adding randomness to the gravel road and increasing its length? The last city championship only had 12 km of gravel roads. Even though he has replaced the tires on the Star Dream tires, 20% of the tire damage is still unresolved. Star Dream and him. Will I be able to reach the finish line smoothly? Chapter 45. The more pain, the more pleasure. Part two. Shing Ming. How about we go back to the rest area to change the tire. In Such Chen's memory, tires could usually be changed midway through such large-scale competitions. Although no relevant provisions were found in the rules of the Bingjo City Championship. However, the time spent changing tires will also be counted in the score. But he was more concerned about Shing's safety than about her grades. The championship is held every 6 months. If the results aren't ideal this time, I can just continue my shameless car modification life for another 6 months. At that time, neither Shing nor he knew how strong they were. Master Hosino tilted her head slightly, her hog kick bobbing up. But you can't change tires in the city championship. There are only service stations for changing tires in races over 500 km. And even if there are service stations, it will take a lot of time for us to go back now. Don't worry, I'm fine. My butt just hurts a little. I'll rub it and it'll be fine. Meow. Suchin narrowed his eyes. All right, then. He wouldn't stand on ceremony. He master. In the rearview mirror, Shings pretty face flushed, and she said softly, "I mean, I'll massage myself after the competition. What's the difference between you massaging it yourself and me massaging it for you? Suchin said dismissively, speaking with righteous indignation and doing as he pleased. Pervert master is a complete pervert. Despite Shing's strong protest, that was all they could do. The cockpit position is completely fixed. She can't do anything. At most, it would just use its tail to smear Such Chen's face. But we're in the middle of a competition right now, so we can't joke around. However, to be fair, although Masta is a bit unconventional, its massage effects are indeed quite good. Just accept it reluctantly. We're about to enter a gravel road section. Inside the cockpit, Chasing Shadow stared at the dilapidated track ahead with a grim expression. The organizers have been getting increasingly crazy in recent years. The year before last, they added gravel roads and the 12 km was barely acceptable. Good grief. This year they not only have random locations, but they've also increased the length to 50 km. What's wrong with them? She kept complaining. Every time I run on this gravel road, my butt and feet ache for a while afterward. If she doesn't get her maintenance done after running 50 km today, she'll probably be better than for a week. Chasing Shadow, Yuming hesitated, then said carefully, "Actually, I can massage your legs and buttocks to relieve the pain, although it's not convenient to massage your legs right now. What do you want to do?" Shuying met Yoings gaze through the rearview mirror, her eyes cold. "Trying to take advantage of me, huh?" Yuming gave a fawning smile. "Hey, do you think I'm that kind of person? You were having an affair last night while I was sleeping. Did you think I didn't know? Xuying sneered, leaving Yuman speechless with just one sentence. She continued, "If we lose to that big but bastard Fong in this competition, starting today, I'll sleep in the bedroom and you'll sleep on the sofa." "No, no, I'm cold at night alone. If you keep talking nonsense, you can sleep by the door." Entering the gravel road section, Such silently put down the whip he had been wielding all the way. his face flushed and his forehead covered in sweat. Little Chay, you've worked hard. In the rearview mirror, Fong he squinted, looking lazy and satisfied. He didn't look like he was driving. He looked more like he had just had a few drinks and was slightly tipsy. However, she still accurately handed the wet wipes from the storage box to Suche, saying, "Wipe your sweat, little Chay. Don't get it in your eyes." He could you please stop calling me Shiaochi? Such's lips twitched slightly as he took the wet wipe and wiped away his sweat. The track is a straight line when you first enter the gravel section. This track can be temporarily driven by the Mecca girls themselves. It's not a big deal for him to wipe his sweat and adjust his helmet. Fong he pouted, covering her mouth and chuckling. But master, you're still so small. You're still so, but you're much more manly than before. I look forward to seeing you grow up. These were supposed to be words of encouragement, but Suché's face turned even redder when he heard them. Once we get to the gravel section, we won't need to push you anymore. He quickly changed the subject. Yes, that's right. Amid the clattering and bumping sounds, Fha's gentle voice clearly showed enjoyment. Master knows I love these broken roads the most. The broken the road, the more exciting it is to run on, and naturally the faster I go. As soon as he finished speaking, the crane, which had been moving at a fixed speed on the gravel road, began to climb upwards again. What seems like an incredibly painful path for all Mecca girls is a reward for Funha. Such breathed a sigh of relief. It's good that we don't need to keep pushing them. It was too agonizing. He was just catching his breath. Dear viewers, the race is now twothirds complete and most of the competitors have entered the gravel road section. It's clear that the league committee's decision to lengthen the gravel road in this year's city championships will be a tough test for all the athletes. Turkey handed the microphone to MacArthur who took it and continued. Gravel roads not only test the performance of the Mecca girls but also the skills of the pilots. Because the loose surface causes constantly changing tire grip, it's difficult for the pilot to accurately perceive the vehicle's condition, requiring faster reactions and more precise adjustments to the throttle and steering. And before he could finish speaking, Turkey snatched the microphone back. This was immediately followed by a frenzied roar. Ladies and gentlemen, the situation has changed. While all the contestants speeds have decreased by 20% to 30% when they enter the gravel road, one contestant's speed has not fluctuated much. That is our Banjo Shinguan clubs T3A Suche and his Mecca Girl Fongi. This is amazing. Doesn't Suché's Mecca Girl Fong feel uncomfortable on the gravel road? If so, then the 50 km gravel track is basically a solo show for Suche and Funhi. They can easily overtake the other pair of professional riders who are slightly ahead in this 50 km race. As soon as Turkey bro finished speaking, the audience began to cheer. Clearly in Bingjo, the home ground of the Star Crown club, even though they are just the ace players of the T3 team, Suche and Fongi have extremely high popularity, especially Suché's delicate and pretty appearance. Coupled with his arrogant and aloof poker face is a physiological knockout for some female fans. Mingji Suche is catching up. He's so fast. What? Upon hearing the voice on the walkie-talkie, Yumings expression changed drastically, and he hardly asked, "How much ahead of him am I now?" "6 seconds?" "No, we're only leading by 5 seconds now. They're catching up very quickly." "What? It can't be real." Yumings vision went black, completely baffled. Without a doubt, his biggest opponent in this match is Suche. He knew that these 50 km of gravel road were also an opportunity to widen the gap. Instead of widening the gap, Suche caught up with him. What exactly happened between Suché and Funhi? He glanced at Xuying subconsciously. Chasing Shadows racing suit was soaked with sweat and the fabric, which was already clinging to his skin accentuated his graceful curves. But he had no interest in appreciating the beautiful scenery. He only felt heartache because Shuing doesn't like this kind of track. She must be feeling very uncomfortable. They are also trying their best to ensure that their performance is not affected by the track and physical discomfort. This was already her limit from the moment he formed a contract with Chasing Shadow. He knew that Chasing Shadow was a mecha girl with a strong personality. She's not afraid of hardship or fatigue, and she won't utter a sound even on this gravel track. At most, she'll complain a couple of times. But what's with SE and Fongi? Do you run faster the more uncomfortable you are? You're a masochist, aren't you? Master, go for it. The shadowchaser in front suddenly roared. What? Yuming was stunned. I said it. Shadowchaser said through gritted teeth, enunciating each word clearly. Give it gas. Accelerate. But you stop being so wishy-washy. Zuyings voice was horsearo. What from he can do, I can do, too. I'm no worse than any other Mecca girl. Yuing gazed at Zhu Yinging slender yet determined back, took a deep breath, and his gaze on the track hardened as well. I see. He gradually increased the pressure on the accelerator. They were afraid that the sudden increase in speed would make the pursuit of the shadows even more painful. Track glory is not only the glory of the pilots, but also the glory of the Mecca girls. As a qualified pilot, it's okay to feel sorry for your Mecca girl, but more importantly, you should respect and support her. The gravel and broken asphalt sections of the race were like being in a knives and a sea of fire. Mecca girls with high stability, lightweight bodies, or relatively sturdy builds will have a slightly better experience on this type of track. However, most Mecca girls do not possess these special qualifications. They could only struggle forward on this track, gritting their teeth and persevering. The same applies to Star Dream. She liked to talk to Suchin while driving because when she was with Wan Tingding before, Winging would always tell her to shut up and not say anything except to report the route map. In particular, she forbade her to meow. There was no mutual encouragement, no light-hearted jokes. It was like a cold tool or machine. After being with Such Chin, she gradually returned to her lively self because Suchin never complained that she talked too much. However, since entering the gravel road section, Shing Ming has not spoken for a long time, and sometimes her shoulders would tremble when she encountered a big bump. Such Chun looked at the girl's thin shoulders, his heart filled with worry. "Star Dream, how's the tire wear now, Master?" Shing said, her head bowed and her voice trembling slightly. The tire wear is currently 20%, 20%, just 20%. 20%. Suchin was startled. This fatal damage is already quite severe. Before entering the gravel road, the tire damage was less than 10%. However, there are still 10 km left. With the current tire damage, it should be able to make it to the end of the gravel road without any problems. Then slightly control the speed and cornering, avoiding any overly aggressive tire burning maneuvers. If you persist until the finish line, there shouldn't be any major problems. However, Suchin was unaware of this. Shing Ming lied. Chapter 46. The determination to make master win part two. Only she knew about the tire wear and tear. It's not 20%, it's 25%. When a tire wears down to 30%, it's usually just a very thin layer left. At this point, the tires need to be replaced. When the tires are worn down to 40%, only a thin layer of material remains and the rims will begin to be damaged. When the wear reaches 50%, it means that the tire bead has been completely worn away, leaving only the wheel rim in direct contact with the ground. Subsequent tire wear is entirely due to wear on the wheel rims. That's equivalent to a person running barefoot on the ground at a speed that would definitely tear skin and flesh. Shing Ming knew how much Suchin cared for her. Back when the city's underground race was underway, Suchin had the idea of pulling over and abandoning the race. If she told Suchin the true extent of the tire were right now, and Suchin did a quick calculation, he definitely wouldn't let her continue running. Moss, I'm sorry. Shing Ming stared at the track, biting her lip. her heart filled with remorse. Shing Ming didn't mean to lie to you. Shing Ming will protect you. She understands her own condition better than anyone else. She knows exactly when she will run into trouble. And when trouble does occur, she will never let Suchin be in danger. Leaving the last corner of the gravel track, Suchin did not use any drifting that relied on the handbrake and brakes. Instead, he used a basic Scandinavian drift in a mid-speed gear and slightly turned towards the outside of the corner. Briefly released the accelerator to increase frontwheel grip by shifting the weight of the Star Dream forward. This eliminates the need to use the brakes, preventing tire lockup and additional wear. Star Dream, the last turn. The track is easy from here on out, and we're very close to the finish line. While encouraging Shing, Such Chin smoothly turned the steering wheel inwards towards the bend. The Star Dream vehicle features lateral weight transfer which simultaneously guides the rear end to slide. This gentle drift barely kicked up any tire smoke on the track, but it didn't slow the speed down much. Of course, there's also the reason why the curves aren't that difficult. As the bend approached, Suchin smoothly straightened the car and the four tires of the Star Dream gradually regained traction, successfully and smoothly leaving the gravel road section. Once they entered the normal race route, Shing Ming, who was ahead, visibly breathed a sigh of relief. Suchin saw that Shing Mings racing suit was completely soaked with drops of water running down her elbows and thighs. Mecca girls don't sweat. They just expel water vapor like normal racing cars. The smell of this water vapor is partly related to the nutrient solution that the Mecca girls drink. For example, what Suchin smelled right now was a refreshing fragrance of plum and lemon mixed with the milk candy scent that Shing itself had. Because the way the Mecca girls expel water vapor during the competition is very similar to how humans sweat. So over time, it has become widely accepted as the form of sweating for Mecca girls. Finally, we've escaped that horrific track. Shing Ming stretched her stiff body, raised her pale face, and gave Suchin a sweet smile in the rearview mirror. Then she twitched her ears in distress. I'm soaking wet. My fur is all wet. It's so sticky and uncomfortable. I'm going to take a big shower when I get back. No problem. I'll take you to a professional car care shop for a cleaning. Suchin readily agreed. Throughout the entire competition, Shing Ming was undoubtedly the most exhausted. While being a driver is tiring, the main fatigue is mental. A professional skincare shop. Along gleamed in Shings bright blue eyes, but won't it be too expensive? Meow. Despite being born so long ago, she has never been to a professional skincare shop. Winging wouldn't take her, saying that a single treatment was too expensive, costing three or 4 thousand yon. They said that Mecca girls like her can recover on their own since she doesn't participate in competitions very often anyway. I'm a car modification mechanic. Suchin pinched Ching, but in an annoyed tone. I'm not short of money. Suchin is also a habitual liar. He may be short of money, but he will definitely find a way to ensure that Shing Ming has a comfortable post-match recovery period. After leaving the gravel track, the remaining tracks are not too difficult. The atmosphere in the cockpit clearly became much more lively. Shings tone was light and cheerful when she reported the route. 8 km from the finish line. Suchin glanced at the road sign that flashed by and asked again. Ching Ming, what is the current level of tire wear? Meow, let me see. Shing Ming closed her eyes and sensed it for a moment. When she opened her eyes, there was obvious panic deep in her eyes. She wasn't good at hiding her expression, so she could only lower her head and say guilty, "Well, the tire wear is still okay, only 25%, I feel like making it to the finish line shouldn't be a problem." 25%. That was a close call. Suchin leaned back in his seat and took a deep breath. Luckily, I had previously fitted Shing Ming with a set of wearresistant tires, which reduced the original plus 40% tire wear to plus 20%. otherwise it would definitely have been shipped out by now. Two kilometers from the finish line. Shing Ming suddenly let out a muffled groan. Suchin was startled, but there was an uphill jump not far away. And at the same time, Shing Mangs steady voice rang out. Mass 200 m ahead, high jump. Watch out for the landing slope. Then a right-hand level three turn. Get to the apex early and pass through at medium speed. Suchin didn't have time to think. He leaned forward slightly and adjusted his hands on the steering wheel to the standard 9 and 3:00 positions. 100 m. Suchin saw a flashing traffic light on the right side behind the slope. It's highly likely that a driver had an accident there and their car hadn't been towed away yet, so he immediately veered into the left lane. The vehicle speed remained stable at around 200 kmph. 50 m ahead, he took a deep breath, slightly lifted the accelerator, and shifted the weight of the car forward slightly. 3 2 1. Silently, keeping time in my mind, the uphill slope was just ahead. Suchin made sure the wheels were aligned, and Shing Ming rushed up the ramp. As the front of the car touched the edge of the slope, Suchin made one last adjustment to the throttle. The world fell silent for a moment and the Star Dream car took off. As the familiar feeling of weightlessness came over him, Suchin saw a Mecca girl upside down on the right guardrail after the ramp being dragged away from the track by a group of support Mecca girls. "Mas, your stance is off to the right," Shing Ming suddenly exclaimed. Before he finished speaking, Such Chin had already turned the steering wheel five degrees to the left with his left hand while simultaneously making a slight adjustment to the throttle. The suspended vehicle immediately adjusted its posture. This scene filled Shiming with deep amazement. Suchin didn't actually need her to remind him. Every second in the air was stretched out. Suchin locked his gaze on the landing area and slightly increased the throttle to keep the front of the car at the ideal angle. At the same time, adjust your body. Tense your muscles to prepare for the impact. Left foot hovers over the brake. Right foot ready to control the accelerator. Bang. The four tires made contact with the ground almost simultaneously, accompanied by a dull compression sound from the suspension system. There wasn't much impact. This is the difference between Mecca Girls and regular racing cars. In terms of driving experience, no real vehicle can compare to a Mecca girl. Stop right there. Landed safely. Shing Mings voice trembled slightly, like a brave child getting a shot, gritting her teeth, and enduring the pain despite the pain. Suchin was focused on the track and didn't notice. There was a sharp right turn right in front of him, and he regained control of the accelerator with his right foot, and the car's speed quickly returned to normal. the same Scandinavianbased drift. This is also the last corner of this city championship. However, just as the Star Dream was exiting the turn, suddenly a sharp crack came from the right rear and the right side of the Shing vehicle visibly sank, causing the entire vehicle to begin to drift uncontrollably to the right. Such Chen scalp tingled, and he instantly realized what had happened. Tire blowout. Shing Ming had a flat tire. The steering wheel vibrated violently as if it had suddenly developed its own will and was constantly trying to break free from his control. Every tiny imperfection in the road surface was magnified infinitely and transmitted to his palm. The punctured tire made a piercing pat sound. The sound of metal wheels rubbing against the ground was like fingernails scratching a blackboard. Shing, how are you? Suchin immediately released the accelerator and slowed down. He looked up at the rearview mirror and found that Shings face was pale and her forehead was covered with large beads of sweat. She was in so much pain that she couldn't speak and could only grit her teeth and let out a weak groan. The vehicle's speed is felt to be decreasing. Shing Ming grabbed Such Chen's arm with her other hand, her eyes flashing with unprecedented determination. Moss, don't don't worry about me. Keep going. We're almost at the finish line. In the final straight sprint, she gritted her teeth and persevered to this point. Suchin ignored Shings words. But the next second, the Star Dream four wheels spun wildly and the vehicle's speed suddenly increased. You such looked at Shing Ming in surprise. He didn't step on the gas, and Shing Ming drove itself. In the last century, Mecca girls still needed to learn technical maneuvers, making them practically like nanny cars, allowing the driver to completely free up their hands. But in this century, with its technological revolution and explosion, Mecca Girls don't need to learn anything. The remaining straight sections require no technical skill and pose virtually no safety risks. You can simply accelerate and go for it." She ming gritted her teeth, her eyes reening as a tire blowout made her car extremely difficult to control. She's too stupid. She hasn't learned anything. They'll just grit their teeth and charge forward. She didn't know how to control her car as smoothly as Suchin. So, she simply twisted the left rear wheel hard. A louder bang came from the left rear. Suchin immediately felt the entire rear of the car lose its support and suddenly sink. The left rear tire also blew out. That tire had been teetering on the brink of collapse for a long time, and Shing Ming had deliberately caused it to burst. Two rear tires burst, and although the car was still unstable, it was already within Shings control. Sizzle, sizzle, sizzle. The two metal rims rubbed against the ground simultaneously, emitting a piercing scream and sparks. The car body shook violently, as if it might fall apart at any moment. Such Chen's heart clenched as he heard the commotion. What's the difference between a wheel hub and a bone to a Mecca girl Star Dream is rubbing bones against the track. How painful must that be? Her pale lips and sweat-drenched forehead already hinted at something. Parking. Suchin slammed on the brakes and roared, but Shing Min kept going, gritting her teeth and speeding forward. Why? Looking at the finish line, getting closer and closer. Suchin showed no joy because the girl in front of her forced the smile. Moss is worth it. Moss has always taken care of me. So, I don't want Master to have any regrets. I want Master to know to let everyone know that Master made the right choice. I am no less capable than any Mecca girl. Shing Ming almost shouted it out. His voice, though trembling with a faint sob, held an unprecedented firmness. That kind of obsession and determination is like a raging fire. It seems that even the pain of being shattered to pieces can be burned away 100 m from the finish line. The two rear wheel rims were almost completely worn down with half of them worn away. Moss, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Meow. Hino mumbled sleepily. The sound was so soft it was almost inaudible. She was in so much pain that she was gasping for breath and trembling as she spoke. But she still comforted Such Chan and persevered with her last bit of willpower, "Let's be reckless this once." She smiled and assured Suchin, saying in a cocketish tone, "I I just I just want Moss to win." In front of the driver's seat, Suchin stared blankly at Shing Mang, who had fainted from the pain. Whether he came into this world with the skills of a top car modification expert from his previous life or with various awakened superhuman talents, all of this bestowed upon him a sense of pride and smuggness that was torn to shreds in an instant by the girl's pale face and bloodless lips. He only regretted that he hadn't made thorough preparations. He hated himself for not doing well enough. The finish line of the Bingjo City Championship. To the astonishment of all the viewers amidst the silence of Turkey bro and old man Mac. Star Dream crossing the finish line. Chapter 47 within 3 minutes. Let's rewind to 5 minutes ago. Such Chin and Shing Mings jumps were very stable. Their takeoff and landing postures were perfect. It's hard to imagine that such well-rounded athletes are just newcomers. Seeing Star Dream leap, Turkey Bro exclaimed in amazement once again. Boom! The car landed smoothly, straightened, and launched into the ground in one fluid motion. However, analyst MacArthur frowned. I think I just heard an unusual scraping sound. Host, did you hear that? Huh? Turkey bro was stunned. No. MacArthur still felt something was wrong. He worked as a track analyst for over 60 years. His sensitivity to the sounds of racing car mechanics even surpassed that of many top drivers from major clubs. He was certain that the fleeting sound was unusual. Please keep the camera focused on this pair of players. He made a request to Turkey Bro. Turkey bro didn't seem to have any objections. After all, the two professional players were still on a gravel road which was full of potholes and not very interesting to look at. Su Chin and Shing Mang are now considered top contenders for the championship. Giving them more screen time is perfectly fine. Next, Such Chin and Shing Ming seemed to have no problems in the footage, except that Suchin was noticeably more conservative in his handling of the curves until the final jump before reaching the finish line. With equally skillful vehicle control, MacArthur frowned again the moment he landed. This time, he was certain that the strange noise did exist and that his judgment was not wrong. After landing, Shing then drifted into a sharp right turn. At that moment, a loud cracking sound rang out. Everyone heard it. Turkey paused, holding the water bottle, and MacArthur held his breath. In the audience, Queen suddenly stood up. At this moment, all the viewers eyes were focused on Shing Ming in front of the big screen. They watched as the Star Dreams car sank to the right, helplessly swaying left and right on the track. Sparks flying from the wheels against the ground, followed by a tire blowout on the left side. Both wheels sinking to the ground and making contact with the track. The sound of metal scraping against the ground piercing their ears. Tire blowout. An accident that is not so common in racing, but not uncommon either. This usually occurs when the drivers skills are insufficient and they are not proficient in many technical maneuvers leading to excessive tire wear. There were also situations where the track conditions were too poor and the tires equipped by the Mecca girls were not suitable for the track. Another issue is encountering sharp objects on the track that puncture the tires. The third scenario is relatively rare because before the race, professional support robot girls will inspect the entire track. Of course, it's impossible to completely avoid it. For example, it is entirely possible for rocks falling from the mountaintop to create very sharp spikes on the track. There is no doubt that the current situation of Star Dream is due to the poor road conditions which led to a tire blowout. If a Mecca girl gets a flat tire, the normal procedure is for the pilot to slow down gradually and let the Mecca girl stop in a safe area of the track to wait for a tow truck. Sudden braking can easily cause the Mecca girl to lose control and encounter more dangerous situations, and it can also cause greater damage to the Mecca girl's wheel rims. What a pity. Turkey shook his head with a sigh. The track for this Bingjo city championship is indeed strange. It's a new track rule arbitrated by the Star Crown Club. Although it adds more than 30 km of gravel road, it also reduces three consecutive hairpin bends. So, the difficulty is actually similar to other city championships. It's just a bit selective. MacArthur watched the gradually slowing star dream and sideigh with regret. The fact that Suchin didn't break suddenly when the tire blew out shows that he is either experienced or has a calm personality under pressure. It's a real pity that this pair of drivers could have been strong contenders for the championship in this tournament. The dust seems to have settled and even many viewers feel regretful. In the city championships dominated by professional drivers, Such Chun and Shing Mang are undoubtedly even more dazzling shooting stars. With its smooth handling and skillful cornering techniques, it has won over many viewers. However, just as Turkey Bro and MacArthur were about to fall, the two unfortunate ones. Boom! The engine suddenly roared loudly, as if he was unconvinced. The Star Dream, which had been gradually slowing down, suddenly accelerated again, dragging its two wheels as it sped along the track. What? What's going on? They're going to continue the race. Turkey bro was dumbfounded, staring at the screen and stammering. The wheel rims are rubbing against the track. That must be painful for the Mecca girl, right? Is Suchin forcing her to keep running? It's possible. MacArthur's face darkened. We're not far from the finish line. It's entirely possible that Suchin won't give up the race and will force himself to continue driving. Turkey bro immediately ordered. Quickly, send the high-speed drone to catch up and check. In the audience seats, Jessica and Queen both looked grim. That's outrageous. How can you treat your own Mecca girl like that? It's just a city tournament. She can participate again in 6 months. Is it really necessary? Jessica crossed her arms and trembled with anger. She was also a driver. Although she participates in very few competitions. However, he also takes great care of his own Mecca girls, never missing a monthly maintenance session. She couldn't bear to see Shing Ming being forced to continue speeding even though his tires had burst. Although a damaged wheel rim can be repaired, but this is like bones being brutally rubbed against the ground. Such painful memories can never be repaired. Once experienced, a Mecca girl will remember it for the rest of her life. Queen clenched her fist as she watched Star Dream race on the track. She and Jessica had different opinions. "Such Chin is not that kind of person," she murmured to herself, her voice so soft that only she could hear it. This race should be a gift that Shing Ming wanted to win. It is a medal she gave to the driver, a medal she personally put on herself after getting up from the ground. Jessica has never spent time with Su Chin or Shing Ming. But she has. She knew Shing Ming's story. She understood the kind of persistence Shing had. So her first reaction wasn't to question Such Chun and Shing Mings decision, but to turn to Jessica and say, "Call my medical team and logistics team here and have them wait at the finish line." "Huh?" Jessica stared in disbelief, her mouth again. "Within 3 minutes," Queen said calmly. "Within 3 minutes, I want to see them reach the finish line and see them provide the most comprehensive care for Su Chen and Shing Ming. If you can do that, I will cooperate with your subsequent modification work, sign a waiver, and have no further objections. Is there really such a good thing? After a brief moment of surprise, Jessica immediately jogged off to make a phone call. She didn't care what the relationship was between Queen and contestant number 22. After all, wasn't the reason she spent every day working like a slave for Queen, just to get Queen to cooperate with the modifications? After all, the machine protection association stipulates that it cannot force machine girls to participate. However, where there's a policy, there's a counter measure. Rules are rules, but there are still many loopholes that can be exploited. For example, disclaimer agreement. Chapter 48. Timely support. The high-speed drone struggled to keep up with the speeding star dream. Despite the two rear wheels rubbing wildly on the track, the speed of the Star Dream did not decrease much and it still maintained an average speed of about 170 to 180 km per hour. The situation inside the Starream cockpit was displayed on the electronic screen in front of the audience. Suchin was pale and talking, and from his actions, he was clearly trying his best to stop Shing Ming. But Shing Ming just gritted her teeth and charged forward. Even if Suchin takes his hands off the steering wheel and his foot off the accelerator. Is Star Dream on autopilot? Turkey bro was dumbfounded. He had just been indignant and ready to give Suchin a good scolding. It turned out that Suchin didn't stop the car at all. It's not that the Mecca girl doesn't want to stop. This Mecca girl has such a strong will. MacArthur's eyes widened. He held his breath and his voice trembled slightly. Do you know when a Mecca girl's tire blows out, it's like a human leg bone rubbing against the ground at high speed. Most Mecca girls would faint from the pain immediately after a tire blowout, but she she actually endured the excruciating pain and continued the race. The audience stared at Ching Ming in disbelief. From the perspective of a drone, the girl arched her back in pain, her legs convulsing uncontrollably, tears welling in her eyes. Yet, despite the excruciating pain, she gritted her teeth and persevered until she fainted from the pain. Everyone stared at the big screen in disbelief, feeling as if something was stuck in their chests, causing them great discomfort. The once bustling audience seats were now so quiet you could hear a pin drop. On the track, Shing Ming crossed the finish line. After Shing Ming fell into a coma, Such Chin immediately slowed down and break. After all, he and Shing were bound by a contract, and he only had 40% control over the vehicle. Only now could he break and slowly drive Shing into the safe zone. But before it could come to a steady stop, the Star Dream, having exhausted its power due to continuous damage, has automatically deactivated. Suchin scooped up the girl, who was soaking wet, and subconsciously looked at her bare feet. Her once fair and lovely feet were now covered with wounds. It cracked inch by inch as if it had been burned by a raging fire. The cracks spread from the soles of the feet to the entire calves like a piece of porcelain that was half broken, ready to shatter into pieces at the slightest touch. Such nose tingled, and he held back his tears, carrying Shings small body as he ran wildly off the track. "Doctor," he roared, his voice trembling. Where is the medical team? What about the logistics? Help. A horse roar echoed throughout the finish line of the track. The echoes reverberate before the parking lot, a symbol of honor. The logistics team and medical team are still on the track. A staff member saw Suchin carrying Shing Ming around and quickly responded. We are currently short staffed. Please wait a moment. Why are you short-handed? Suchin glared angrily. My Mecca girl is injured, but she can't get treatment from the rescue team. Is this how you organize a competition? Because it's not just your Mecca girl who got a flat tire. A driver who had started early and reached the finish line gave a rice smile. This track is too crazy right now. Two Mecca girls have had flat tires at the gravel road exit, and the medical team is over there. Damn it, Suchin cursed angrily. Clutching Shing Ming, she ran out of the competition area. There was no medical team here, so he took Shing Ming to a treatment center outside the competition area. Taking a taxi there would be quick, better than waiting here idly. Just then, the sound of rapidly approaching propellers filled the air. A helicopter landed above Such Chen's head. Two healing type Mecca girls wearing white coats and crescent moon badges on their chests descended along the lowered ropes. One of the Mecca girls waved to Suchin. Mr. Suchin, please come this way. Suchin didn't have time to think about where these two healing type Mecca girls came from. He said, "Thank you." and hugged Ching Ming. After boarding the helicopter, Shing Ming was taken to the back cabin for initial wound treatment. Such Chin then saw Queen and a sh-haired woman who was clearly dressed as an assistant. Queen, what? This is the medical team from The Voice of the Night Kid. Jessica looked such chin up and down, her expression scrutinizing him. Is this the guy who's so infatuated with Queen, who usually has a sour face? Besides being handsome, he doesn't seem to have anything special about him. Mecca girls don't care about looks. In terms of technical skills, they are indeed quite good. It depends on who you compare her to. There's still a significant gap between her and a prostitute. Jessica frowned, feeling increasingly displeased. Unfortunately, no reason could be found to trigger the attack. After all, it wasn't Such Chin who forced Shing Mang during the race. Shing Mang insisted on finishing the race herself. Moreover, Such Chen's handling of the situation after Shing Mangs tire blew out was comparable to that of a professional racer. Suchin ignored Jessica and instead looked at Queen with a questioning gaze. The queen nodded to Suchin. This is my medical team. Don't worry. Xings problem isn't serious. It won't affect future competitions. That's not what I'm concerned about. Suchin glanced at the closed medical bay door at the back of the helicopter, pursed his lips, and said urgently, "I want to know if it will affect my health and if there will be any after effects or anything like that." Queen's cold and stern expression softened considerably upon hearing this, and a faint smile appeared on her lips. "There won't be any after effects, especially for a brave Mecca girl like Star Dream. A little pain is nothing to him. That's good. That's good." Suchin breathed a sigh of relief. His previously tense body slumped into the seat as if a string had suddenly snapped. Only then did he realize that his back and waist were aching. He was also uncomfortable after the bumpy journey. "Thank you so much for today, Queen," he said sincerely. "If your medical team hadn't arrived in time, I would have had to take Shing to the hospital outside the stadium today, which would have taken up a lot of time." "Oh, you should thank me." Queen slowly smoothed out the wrinkles on her skirt, smiling as she said. "After all, Star Dreams condition will require a lot of money to repair. If I remember correctly, you don't seem to have any money, do you? Suchin gave an embarrassed smile. He really had no money left. I will find a way to pay you back this money. Please do your best to help Shuming recover. Money means nothing to me. Queen scoffed, glanced at Jessica beside her, then leaned close to Such Chan's ear, and whispered in a voice only the two of them could hear. You and Shing can continue to live at my house. I'll cook. She'll wash the dishes and you'll be responsible for cleaning up make shrimping's poop. 3 months, 1 month is fine. That'll count as paying me back. Suchin knew this was Queen's good intention. He neither refused nor acted koi, nodding and saying, "No problem." He queen smiled contentedly. The smile vanished in the instant he turned away. When facing Jessica, he reverted to that worldweary expression. Jessica strained her ears but still couldn't hear what Queen and Such Chin were secretly discussing. She could only glance at Such Chin curiously. Then, considering Queen's temper, she ultimately chose to keep quiet. Turn a blind eye. Pretend you didn't see it. At the same time, the city championship is still ongoing. Just left the gravel section. Zhuing, who had been silent all along, suddenly turned pale. Master, we're in big trouble. Her usually calm voice betrayed a clear panic at this moment. My tires are now 20% worn out. Chapter 49. Flying jump mistake. This gravel road is disgusting. Yuming's face darkened. This is the first time I've encountered a situation where the tires are worn down by more than 20% before the race is even over. After all, it was just a 250 km city championship. So, he used standard performance tires instead of durable tires on the chase. The announcer only said when the race started that the original gravel section of more than 10 km had been increased to 50 km. By then, there was no time to replace the tires with durable ones. Let's slow down and protect the tire, Yuming said helplessly. A 20% reduction already puts us at risk of a blowout. But Juian gritted her teeth unwillingly. Don't worry, slowing down won't affect our results too much. Yuming smiled and reassured us. This 50 km gravel road treats everyone the same. Whether it's Such Chin or Suche, those little brats. Don't you think their Mecca girls tires are worn out? I don't believe they would risk a tire blowout to continue accelerating for the sake of their results. Besides, the Mecca girls themselves know how painful it is for a tire to rub against the rim after a blowout. Juing pondered Yumings words for a moment, and it seemed there was nothing wrong with them. It's like an exam that suddenly becomes more difficult. It applies to all test takers. Everyone was unhappy and their grades were poor, but the top students in the class remained the top students and nothing changed. But what if there are pilots and Mecca girls who are that stubborn? Yuming shook his head and sneered. If there are any pilots who force their Mecca girls to keep running even after their tires burst, they should just wait for arbitration by the Mecca Insurance Association. At the very least, they will be banned for 3 years, have their contracts forcibly terminated, and be fined. As for the Mecca girl, he paused, unable to come up with a matching scenario in his mind. What guy would be so stupid? Is a city tournament all she's good for? She can participate in these kinds of competitions twice a year. Wow, that makes sense. Even Jian couldn't have imagined this situation. If it were a national level competition, perhaps some female robot girls would fight tooth and nail for victory and honor. It's just a city championship. There's really no need to make a big fuss. With that thought in mind, she felt reassured and slowed down a bit under Yumings control since the finish line wasn't far off anyway. At the same time, Suche and Fong he also left the gravel road section. Compared to the other Mecca girls crying and wailing on the gravel road, Fenha appeared very calm. There was even a feeling that it wasn't enough. This is thanks to her excellent stability and heavy, durable tires. Of course, her hobby also plays a significant role as it allows her to get off gravel roads more quickly, which in turn reduces tire wear. Luckily, I listened to the modification group's advice yesterday and changed to wear resistant tires for you. Such breathed a sigh of relief as he looked at the gravel road receding into the rearview mirror. That was insane. 50 km of that broken road. What idiot designed it? My butt is sore from all the bumps. Master, hang in there. We're almost at the finish line. Compared to when she was being disciplined, Fong he has now returned to her usual gentle demeanor. But she still teases Suche. Your butt won't hurt for long. When we get back, I'll give master a good massage myself. Well, then I'd better not. Such blushed and touched his nose. He had a very strange feeling. It's as if today's track was designed specifically for him and Finha. Finha is not good at consecutive corners, so there were far fewer hairpin turns in this race. However, the special road surface that Finha is more skilled at this time is a full 50 km long. Before I could think, I was about to take my first leap off the gravel road. Master, 150 m ahead, rapids. Be careful to reduce throttle. 150 m passed in the blink of an eye. Such made a routine jump, adjusted the wind crane body, and landed. But after landing, he frowned and muttered to himself. I feel really awkward today. Not nearly as agile as before. The tires are too heavy. Fingha's expression was also a bit off. Master, did the modification team really replace them with type 3 tires yesterday? When we jumped just now, they felt more like 20 kg type 2 tires. Among the standard wearresistant tires of the Star Crown Club, type two is 3 kg heavier than type three and has about 20% higher wear resistance. But he clearly remembered that when he changed the tires, the label on the tires said it was type three. Fongi, are you sure the weight is wrong? I didn't feel it when running normally, Fong Hei said quietly. But the feeling was very obvious the moment I jumped. It's definitely not a type three tire. It's too heavy. Damn it. Such's face darkened. It was almost certain that the modification team had taken the wrong tires. He should have done a thorough check before the race instead of relying entirely on the modification team's inspection. Master, it's not a big problem. Funho was still comforting. Such the extra unsprung mass will make my chassis response sluggish. Well need to make some adjustments to the jumps later since we're not familiar with the weight. I know. Such nodded. No sooner had the words left his mouth than an even more challenging combination of jumps and turns came into view. Master, 100 m big jump, veer left after takeoff, land and turn right. Fongi's voice was urgent and Suche reacted immediately. He lightly applied the brakes, keeping the speed at 170 kmh, not the highest takeoff speed he usually practices. Instead, the takeoff speed was reduced by 10 km per hour to accommodate the weight. The moment the front wheel of the crane touched the jump point, he decisively released the brake, pressed the accelerator pedal with his right foot, and kept it at about 25%. Bang! The front wheels lifted off the ground, and the crane-shaped vehicle soared into the air. Such felt a sense of weightlessness as the seat belt tightened around his chest. Jumping is a routine maneuver for a professional driver like him, but his track experience is still too limited. The unfamiliarity caused by the increased tire weight is constantly amplified, causing a bead of cold sweat to trickle down his forehead. During the brief moment of levitation, Suche keenly sensed something a miss. The pitch angle of the wind crane was greater than usual, and the rear of the vehicle dipped noticeably. The heavy tires altered the vehicle's rotational inertia distribution, making it difficult to control the vehicle's attitude in the air. He instinctively pushed the steering wheel forward. Attempts were made to correct the vehicle's posture by using air resistance at the front wheels, but the effect was minimal. Bang! The rear wheel slammed heavily onto the asphalt road first, the sound of the tire hitting the ground echoing like thunder throughout the track. Immediately afterward, the front wheels touched the ground and the entire race car bounced violently. A sudden, inexplicable sense of panic made Such's heart pound. The heavy tires of the wind crane generated greater uneven ground pressure upon landing. The ground pressure of the left rear wheel is completely asymmetrical with that of the right rear wheel. This asymmetrical load instantly disrupted the dynamic balance of the wind crane's body. If he were an experienced professional driver, he could resolve this imbalance through quick reactions. But unfortunately, he wasn't. He panicked. There are only 80 m left to the right turn after the jump. Such must complete the braking and steering preparations within this distance. This would normally be a simple matter for him, provided that the crane lands smoothly. He slammed on the brake pedal and the ABS system went into overdrive. However, the heavier tires reduced braking performance. The braking distance was about 5 m longer than expected. This 5 m distance means that he and Funha cannot turn at the ideal entry point. It's over. Such's heart sank and his mind went blank. Faced with the oncoming curve, he was forced to turn ahead of time. At this point, Fingha had not yet completely recovered from the state of left and right imbalance of the rear wheel, and she began to lose traction. The angle of the car's rear end swinging is getting larger and larger. Such immediately reversed the steering wheel, but it was too late. The car had entered an uncontrollable tail swing state. The rear wheels completely lost traction, and the entire car began to spin 360°. The Mecca girl, who had been silent and calm all along, seemed to have realized what was about to happen. All protective measures inside the cockpit deployed instantly, firmly protecting Suche behind him. "Wind Crane!" Su cried out in panic as his body was trapped in the protective pouch. The world spun around him, and all he saw was the guardrail on the outside of the track hurtling towards him. Boom! Chapter 50. Who is the champion? Star Dream, you've disappointed me so much. I've done so many modifications and spent so much money on you and you still can't even place in the city championship. Master, I'm sorry. It's It's just that Shing Ming is so useless. I won't make things difficult for you. Let's go to the Machine Insurance Association to cancel the contract and go our separate ways. No. Can we give Shing Ming another chance? Shing Ming will definitely try harder next time. There's no chance anymore. Her hand was forcefully flung away, and Shing Ming stared blankly at the man's departing figure. Fear and helplessness, like the gaping m of an abyss, instantly swallowed her hole. "Master, don't go. You said you wouldn't abandon Shing." She reached out her hand, but couldn't grab the man's clothes. She stumbled and ran forward, trying to catch up. But no matter how hard she tried, there was always an invisible wall separating her from the man. My feet hurt terribly, so much so that I felt like I was suffocating. Every step felt like walking on a knife's edge. She gradually lost her strength and collapsed to the ground. Through her tear blurred vision, the man finally disappeared. Master, master. Shiman opened her eyes and the soft white light dispelled the cold darkness. The unfamiliar ceiling came into view and the air was filled with the scent of skincare products. Maintenance fluid is generally only available in the machine girl treatment center and maintenance center. But a great sadness still lingers in my heart. Shing Ming stared blankly at the ceiling, unable to react for a long time. Star dream. Such Chen's voice finally rang out. A sliver of focus suddenly returned to Shings empty eyes. Like a spark suddenly bursting from charcoal that has burned to ashes. She turned her head and saw Suchin lying by the bed, his hair a mess like a bird's nest, looking like he had just woken up. Her right hand was being held tightly by Such Chin's hand, as if it had been held for a long time. The coldness in my body receded quickly like a tide, and warmth began to spread from my tightly clenched hands throughout my body, finally restoring sensation to my stiff limbs. Suchin went to bed very late yesterday. I woke up just now because I heard Shings voice. Shing Ming, you're finally awake. He looked at the girl whose face was deathly pale, and his heart achd again. He gripped Shings hand even tighter. How are you? Do you still feel uncomfortable anywhere? Shining Ming blinked, her gaze falling on Such Chen's slightly haggarded face and the bloodshot eyes. She gently raised her other hand and finally touched Such Chen's face. "Nightmare and reality are drawn apart at the moment they touch." A relieved smile appeared on Shing Mings face. "Master, have you been by my side the whole time?" Her voice was soft, weak, and slightly horse. Suchin let Chings hand caress his stubble-covered face and nodded. The Dr. Mecca said, "You were given a special medicine, but you'll be disoriented and scared when you wake up, so she asked me to stay with you. That's nice." Shing Ming moved her lips. Tears that hadn't yet fallen in the nightmare slid down from the corners of her eyes as her eyelashes fluttered. It was just a dream after all. Dreams are always the opposite of reality. Why are you crying again? Did you have a nightmare? Suchin hurly grabbed a wet wipe and wiped away Shing Mings tears. I didn't have any nightmares. Shing Ming looked away slightly, pouting as she whispered. I dreamt that Master said he wanted to sign a mind contract with me, but I know it was just a dream. How could Master just casually sign a mind contract with a Mecca girl? Sign? Such Chin replied immediately. Sign now. Sign my ass. Queen pushed open the door and came in, her gaze sweeping over Shings bare feet. Only when she saw that the wounds had mostly healed did she almost imperceptibly relax her tense shoulders. Then she glanced sideways at Suchin. Shing Ming just woke up and is still very weak. You want to sign a mind contract? What? Are you afraid she'll run away? Why don't you just tie her to yourself and hang her on your body? Suchin gave an awkward laugh, not daring to speak. Queen is now his creditor, and he genuinely doesn't know what the process of signing a spiritual contract entails. Sister Queen, it's okay. Ching Ming tried to stand up and defend Such Chin, but Queen pressed her back down the next second. The core of a Mecca girl's mind can only be extracted once in her lifetime, and it takes a lot of mental energy. You should recover from your injuries first. It won't take more than a few days. She reached out and tapped Shings forehead, saying in an annoyed tone, "Mecca girls and pilots are both impatient. No wonder you two made a perfect pair." After saying that, she took out a League Daily report and placed it on the bed sheet in front of Suchin. Look, the results of the city championships are out. It's out. It's out. Suchin moved the newspaper aside and smiled. I don't care much about grades. As long as Shing Ming is all right. Queen clicked her tongue. Just because you don't value it doesn't mean your Mecca girls don't. Suchin glanced at Shing Ming subconsciously and saw that Shing Ming was staring blankly at the newspaper. Despite the tire blowout near the finish line, Shing Mings speed dropped drastically in the final stretch, which undoubtedly affected her performance. The competition organizers cannot give Shing extra points just because Shing had a tire blowout. This is unfair to the other players. Therefore, he had no expectations for his performance in yesterday's city championship and felt no regret. He and Shing both did their best. They both burned with all their might. Furthermore, the Nebula in his mind didn't give any feedback which indicates that he indeed didn't get a top three finish in the City Championship. However, seeing that Shing seemed to care a lot about the results, Suchin still opened yesterday's League Daily report. What comes into view is a row of large characters that take up half of the page. A major upset occurred at the Banjo City Championship with the champion being below is a photo of the vehicle collection platform. Yuming, Jaing, Suche, and Fongi stood in the runner up and third place positions, respectively. The champion seat, however, is empty. How so? Suchin was stunned. Does this mean there's no champion yet? Suchin continued reading. Hello everyone, I'm Turkey Bro, the host of the city championship. This competition adopted brand new rules and a new track, which is one of the most challenging city championship level tracks we have encountered in recent years. Newcomers drop out of the race early on this track. Veterans are forced to leave before reaching the finish line. And even professional drivers cannot avoid making mistakes. But in such a fiercely contested competition, a pair of players emerged as newcomers and won the championship. This driver appears to have extensive track experience and driving skills comparable to those of a professional driver. His female Mecca was even more brave and fearless, displaying the spirit of competition and the honor of the track to the fullest. Even with two rear tires bursting, she dragged the rims and gritted her teeth to the finish line. That's right. Those present at the scene and those who watched the live broadcast probably already know the answer. The champion of this city championship. It's pilot Such Chin and his mecha girl Shingi. Although they couldn't come to receive the championship trophy due to injury, I believe that's nothing because trophies will gather dust and tracks will be renovated. Only the wheels that roll over thorns in pursuit of dreams can leave an indelible mark on time. At last, congratulations again to Such Chan and Shing Mang for winning the championship of this city championship. Snap! A tear fell onto the newspaper. Such Chan looked up and found that Shing Ming had somehow gotten close to him. Large, deep blue tears welled up in her eyes. master. Her voice trembled, incredulous and cautious, as if touching a distant dream. Is this real? I We are the champions. Before Suchin could speak, the queen has already answered this question. She snapped her fingers. At the entrance, Jessica walked in panting, carrying the heavy championship trophy. It was placed on the table with a thud. Congratulations, Mr. Such Chen and Ms. Shing Mang. The queen smiled, her eyes narrowing. You are the champions. Chapter 51. Little pills. Winning the championship was a wonderful surprise and something to celebrate. But there was one thing Suchin couldn't understand. Why he and Shing Ming were the champions? Are Yumu Ming and Suchi really that bad? Both he and Shing Ming had flat tires. How could these two professional drivers hand over the championship? Could it be that Chasing Shadow and Wind Crane also had a flat tire? He quickly learned the reason by turning to the other side of the newspaper. Yuming, a professional racer from K City, said, "The track design is outrageous. It doesn't treat the racers like human beings at all. I will never come to Bingo City to participate in any races again." The detailed report below explains that after leaving the gravel section, Yuming and Huaing reduced their speed to around 170 km per hour to avoid tire blowouts. Their final race time was an average speed of 208 kmh and a race time of 72 minutes and 7 seconds. They were slightly behind he and Shing Mang who had an average speed of 209 kmh and a race time of 71 minutes and 58 seconds. After reading Yuing and Zhu Yings report, Suchin felt ashamed. After all, Yuing protected Zhuing well, but he failed to protect Shing. He glanced awkwardly at Shing Ming, who was reading the newspaper with him. But the girl just shook her cat ears and gave him a sweet smile. I didn't know until I read the report, but after reading Such Chen's report, it all made sense. The Star Dream speed is 63, while the Shadowchaser's speed is 62. The difference lies in their burst speed with the Shadowchaser's burst speed at 66 while the Star Dreams is only 39. However, this City Championship didn't have many corners which meant the Shadowchasers burst speed characteristics during cornering weren't fully utilized, coupled with the impact of tire maintenance. If they were on a track with more curves, he and Shing Ming would likely be no match for Yuing and Juying. As for Star Crown T3 professional drivers Suche and Funhi, there are many regrets. Such the ace player of Star Crown Club T3 said the mistake was caused by the wrong tire being replaced or it may have been a setup by Capital. We are currently investigating Suche and Fong he made a mistake when going through the last combination of a jump and a sharp right turn. However, being a professional driver, he handles danger better than ordinary drivers. Unlike Wong Tinging and Jean Jun, who crashed and were unable to drive at all despite hitting the guardrail, the toughkinned crane did not lose its ability to continue the race. The two returned to the track, but the time lost due to their mistake caused them to miss out on the championship. Such and Funhi's final results were an average speed of 205 kmh and a time of 73 minutes and 11 seconds. Suchin had never seen the attributes of the wind crane mecca girl before. However, judging from the muscle car features when the wind crane unfolds. It must be very durable. Although there were many dramatic moments, Shing Mang and I deserve to win the championship this time. Suchin put down the newspaper and sighed with mixed feelings. But things won't be so easy next time. We absolutely cannot build our victory on someone else's mistake. He he dashing Ming didn't hear what Suchin was saying at all. She was hugging the huge goldplated trophy, rubbing her pretty face against it, and occasionally kissing it. This trophy was more than just proof of herself to her. It was also a souvenir of her and Such Chen's first victory. Her and Such Chen's names are engraved on the bottom of the trophy. It was golden and shimmering, brighter than the sun in the sky. We'll talk about next time later. This is a reward for the city championship. The queen gave Jessica a look and Jessica sighed and dragged two more suitcases in. One of the suitcases was opened, revealing neatly stacked banknotes inside. The other suitcase contained three radiant elemental star essences and a capsule-shaped medicine. 100,000 yan. Queen crossed her arms and pursed her lips. Honestly, this is a bit stingy for the prize money of an official competition champion. But the other things are pretty good. Three basic star elementals are just enough materials for Star Dream to upgrade from C to B. As for this capsule, she picked up the small red pill from the suitcase. This is a training memory pill made by Star God technology. It can provide the Mecca girl with a training memory of a top Mecca girl, helping her improve a certain aspect of her ability. This pill is for enhancing burst damage. Suchin stared at the small pill in disbelief. Experience pill? What experience pill? Queen rolled her eyes. This thing is very powerful, but you can't take too many. You can only take one a month at most because the pills contain the training memories of other Mecca girls. They will affect the Mecca girls who take the pills. Taking too many will lead to memory confusion. A one-mon interval between doses is safe, doesn't cause much mental stress, and allows enough time to integrate the memories. Suchan understood. He was a poor student when he was young, and he often dreamed of lending him the brains of a top student. This little pill and borrowing a brain are similar in that they are both a kind of enlightenment. Won't this have any side effects? Suchin took the pill and could clearly see photons with the DNA-like helico structure spinning and flashing inside. "There are no side effects when taken at the normal dosage," Queen said confidently. "This stuff is very expensive. You can only get it by participating in official competitions or certain auctions. Take it without worry. Otherwise, the training time needed for Mecca girls to improve their performance would be too long." "So, you've eaten too?" Suchin asked Queen. Of course, Queen frowned slightly, then suddenly tilted her head. Kiss: When was the last time I took these training pills? Suchin stared at Queen's face, narrowing his eyes. The queen had told him that she seemed to have some problems with her memory. Could it be related to these memory training pills? It's very difficult for regular racers and Mecca girls to get their hands on this pill. But is it really that difficult for the large and powerful black knight voice group? Assuming that a monthly dosage is safe, would they administer the queen the safe dosage? Anyway, he didn't plan to give Shiming the pill, sell it directly at an auction, and use the money to upgrade Shing with modification materials. He couldn't trust anything he wasn't familiar with. For Shing's safety, he only trusted his own modifications. All right, Queen. If you can't think of anything, then don't think about it anymore. He interrupted Queen's recollection, fearing that it might stimulate her brain and cause something bad to happen. Now that I'm a championship champion and a tuner, I have some say in things. I can give that thing, I promise you, a try." Queen's eyes lit up upon hearing this, and she stopped worrying about the training pills, instead focusing her gaze on Suchin. When she first met him, she was simply curious about Such Chen's identity as a modifier and driver. Because in her circle, there is no one who is both a modifier and a driver at the same time. That's how she ended up visiting Such Chen's car modification shop. After that, she developed a special feeling for Suchin like a ship lost in a thick fog finding a lighthouse. It's a feeling of having a kindred spirit. She consulted many other modifiers, both unknown and well-known. But the tuners all felt that the night voic's modification plan was perfect. They expressed their admiration and approval for her modifications. But only Suchin raised a question. She still remembers Suchin's expression when he saw the modification plan for the voice of the night. He was stunned for a moment, then frowned for a long time. When his brows relaxed, the seriousness on his face finally turned into a disdainful sneer. Suchin didn't care how amazing these modifications were or how much they cost. He only cared about how she could be more comfortable, more free, and what she preferred. So, Queen has been keeping a close eye on Such Chun and Shing Mangs movements. When they became homeless, she immediately appeared in front of them like an NPC. Now Suchin is finally ready to confront the modification team of the voice of the night. She had been looking forward to it, but now she hesitated, worried about Such Chen's decision. Are you ready? Those are all recognized masters in the industry. Master Suchin was speechless and even wanted to laugh a little. He is China's top racing car modification engineer even though he is nothing in this world. But what kind of masters could have transformed Queen into what it is today? In the world of car mechanics, there's only one truth. Skill is everything. No preparation is needed, Suchin said calmly. We can start anytime. Chapter 52, so-called fairness, part two. Northern Wolves Headquarters, T2 Team Activity Area Office. Boss, have you finished watching the video? What do you think? Le Yini looked up, the shock still lingering in her eyes. Amazing. She gave a thumbs up. Are you sure Such Chun and Shing Mang are newbies? They're incredible. Their skills and personal qualities are both outstanding. Especially that Mecca girl named Shing Mang. Wow. The image of that Mecca girl speeding along the track with two wheels dragging behind her flashed through her mind again. And she couldn't help but get goosebumps all over her body. This kid is really treating the city championship like a world-class competition. Giving it his all, right? Yuming sat down opposite Le Yini inside. When the competition results came out, neither Huying nor I were convinced, but after watching the video, we were completely convinced. You know how rare it is to find an opponent who can keep you quiet given that girl's personality. Previously, she always seemed unconvinced and looked down on Dongzi, the ace player for T1. Su Chin and Shing Mang are indeed very promising. I will speak to the manager about it. Perhaps he can become the final piece of our team's puzzle. A glimmer of hope ignited in Leini's heart. Northern Wolves T2 urgently needs to achieve results in provincial competitions. Whether it's a team competition or an individual competition, if they are completely outmatched by T1 again, they may face arbitration from the Northern Wolves club, there are generally two possible outcomes. Either they will be split up with some players eliminated and others sent to T1 as starters or substitutes. Either disband the entire group and find another way. As the team captain, Leini dreams that Wolf T2 can pull through and reach even greater heights together, giving each member a bright future. The harsh reality is that in recent years, Wolf T2 has been declining with individual player scores and team scores always falling short of the mark, failing to even reach the provincial competition threshold. And the gap with T1 is widening. The ironclad rule for participating in the provincial level rally is individual team members must achieve 12 points and team members must achieve 64 points. The city championship champion earns only one point while the city car king competition champion earns two points. The provincial preliminary round consists of five rounds with the top three in each round earning three, two, and one points respectively. Both individuals and teams must meet the standards. Either can be neglected. Now, Wolf T2 is missing one player. If this hole isn't plugged, will the team's points target be met? That's utterly delusional. This time, Yuming brought Zhaing to participate in the Bingha City Championship, not only to obtain the blessing of the star god, but also for that one point. He did his homework before the match, and the only opponent he needed to be wary of was Such Shay. What should have been a surefire victory turned into a surprise upset when Such Chin and Shing Mang emerged as dark horses, dominating and stunningly winning the championship. Are you feeling unwell? That was really painful. But the thought that Suchin might become his buddy made Yumings frustration melt away, replaced by a strong sense of anticipation. Okay, boss. I'm waiting for your good news. Be sure to talk to the manager properly. Yuming stood up and thinking about the future that T2 might be able to revive because of this. He couldn't help but smile broadly. Then Jying and I will go to train first. Recently, other cities will also be holding city championships one after another. Zuing and I will try our best to get that point this year. Okay, go ahead. As the door closed gently, Leini took a deep breath. Lee Ping Xi voluntarily left the team and went to T1 as a substitute. Looking back now, it might not have been a case of a blessing in disguise. At least the space is now available. The strength and character displayed by Such Chun and Shing Mang far surpassed those of Lee Pingji. The fresh blood and fighting spirit brought by the newcomers might really be able to completely revitalize the lifeless wolf T2. A report needs to be submitted when recruiting new team members. Lie Yini had already thought of the wording. Such Chin and Shing Mang had too many and two obvious advantages, so writing this report couldn't be easier. However, just as she was about to press the send button, there was another knock on the door. Club manager Jeang Baan walked in with an overly enthusiastic smile on his face. Manager, I just happened to have something to discuss with you. You've come at the perfect time. Leini prepared to show the video to the manager first. But when she looked up, she saw that there was another person behind the manager, a young man with bright yellow hair, hands in his pockets, and an impatient look on his face. Captain Lee, I have some good news, too. Really good news. Jang Bouchan pushed a blond-haired youth behind him forward without saying a word, shoving him right in front of Lee Yini's desk. Isn't our Northern Wolves T2 team short of a member? Look, this is my nephew. He's won the top three in underground competitions several times. A real rising star, huh? The uni's gaze swept back and forth between the blondhaired man's fierce face and the manager's smiling face. I was stunned for several seconds before I suddenly realized that this blonde guy was a reserve player that the manager had forced in. "What do you mean? Huh?" the blond-haired man said arrogantly. "It's a blessing for you northern wolves that I, a genius, have joined you. Don't push your luck. Hurry up and process my paperwork. Such, you have disappointed me greatly. The atmosphere in the Star Crown Club office was oppressive. Such sat across from the man at the desk. Facing the man's scrutinizing gaze, he lowered his head and twisted his fingers. After a long while, he finally managed to stammer out. "I'm sorry, brother. I made a mistake. It's my fault. If it's not your problem, how could it be mine?" Such's older brother, Star Crown T1's ace player and also the owner of Star Crown Club, Sulin, slammed his fist on the table with a loud bang. I heard a sound of something being slammed on the table. Foam he outside the office was as anxious as an ant on a hot pan, but all he could do was press himself against the blinds and watch helplessly as Suche was being criticized at his desk. Do you know what, my dear brother? In order to make sure you succeed and to build momentum for you, I modified the track under pressure this time. 50 kilometers of gravel road is nothing to you and a highly stable mecha girl like Fingha. But you've messed everything up. Such looked up in astonishment, his eyes first filled with confusion, then ignited by a surge of anger. Why did you do this? He growled, his next stiff. You're undermining the fairness of the game. Fair. Suin scoffed completely unconcerned about Suché's anger. He leisurely took out a cigarette, lit it, and casually exhaled a smoke ring, letting it slowly diffuse in the stagnant air. Is it fair that you have a Mecca girl that others can only dream of in their entire lives? Is it fair that you were born with access to the best training resources? Ridiculous. Naive. When you get to my position, you'll realize that the idea of fairness and competition is a joke. That's just sophistry. Such's voice turned cold. Different backgrounds, that's fate. But at least the stage for competition should be clean. What you did is stifled the bingjo competition. He stared intently at Sulin. You had his tires changed, didn't you? Yes. Suin nodded and flicked his cigarette ash. If you hadn't changed that tire, I wouldn't have made that mistake. Such clenched his fist and gritted his teeth. Even without those 50 km of gravel road, I might not be a match for you, Ming. Such suin's voice suddenly rose. Just to be on the safe side, I replaced your tires with more durable ones. But I never expected you to be so useless that you couldn't even handle the slight increase in weight. He shrugged, his contempt and sarcasm evident on his face. It's simple for me. In the end, it's just that your skills aren't good enough. Trash is trash. A piece of dog [ __ ] that can't be plastered on a wall. You think you can surpass me? You think you can be the captain of T3? Such such suin drawled, shoving the burnout cigarette but into the ashtray with a sharp hiss, as if extinguishing Suché's last shred of hope. But what can I do? You're my brother. He changed the subject, his tone turning icy. I won't interfere in your affairs anymore. But if you can't achieve the results a star player should achieve as your brother, I'll have to take some extreme measures, like getting you a better, more worthy female Mecca for the Star Crown team. No. Sulin pointed to the door. Get out. Such walked out of the office with his head down. Looking at the wind crane running towards him, a bitter smile appeared on his face. Where are these prodigies who are the center of attention? In front of Suin, he was nothing more than a puppet that could be manipulated and suppressed at will. From childhood to adulthood, he has always lived in the shadow of his brother's dazzling honors. He tried desperately to prove himself, but all he got in return was one merciless mockery and denial after another. It was the companionship of the wind crane that gradually helped him emerge from the shadows and rekindled his fighting spirit. But now, Suin actually had the idea of replacing Fong Hi. He couldn't accept it. Looking at Fonhi's face, which was full of concern and worry, Suche clenched his fists. He couldn't imagine it. How devastated he would be if Suin replaced Fong Hi if he failed to meet the requirements next time. Master Fungh said nothing. She simply pulled Suche into her arms. His warm and broad embrace engulfing him. She knew Suche liked this. Doing this always calmed him down. Crane. Um, I want to eat your scrambled eggs with tomatoes. Okay, I'll make it for you when we get home. Phone he's voice was as gentle as a feather. But you can't be sad after you eat it. Okay. She gently stoked Suché's back. Just like countless times before when Suche buried his face in her arms and cried. Okay. Such a agreed in a muffled voice, wrapping his arms tightly around Fungi's waist and burying his face deeper into that comforting warmth. His tense nerves gradually relaxing. He won't cry anymore. He is no longer the little boy who would hide away and cry after being scolded. There is only one ending between him and Sulin. Either be completely crushed, either break free from this cocoon and tear apart this shadow. Queen has already arranged for a customization team. However, that happened 3 days later. Suchin had a lot to do during these three days. For example, you could sell the memory training capsules, acquire modification materials to upgrade Star Dream, or Star Dream could receive a blessing from the star god once. Once Shing Ming was able to walk, he would take her there immediately. He was lying on the hospital bed next to Shing, resting with his eyes closed. The deep nebula in my mind began to slowly rotate again. A new star quietly emerged from it, radiating a soft light. His mind sank into it and in an instant a torrent of information rushed through eventually condensing into a line of shimmering starlight. Unlock the third talent, heart of God. Good luck to both the middle school and college entrance exams. You can do it. Chapter 53. The heart of God. Hand of God. Eye of God. Heart of God. Suchin felt like he was about to become a god. But seriously, how about we get a god's gun or god's tongue? If all else fails, the kidneys of the gods are also excellent. So what is the function of the heart of god? Soo and touch the location of his heart. You can clearly feel that his heart has changed. It's like replacing flesh and blood with AV8. Buzz. A faint tonitis sound came over me. My vision blurred and swayed instantly. The dormant nebula deep in my mind suddenly expanded and exploded into a dazzling star map. The star map continues to expand with billions of stars twinkling and converging within it, outlining one magnificent constellation after another. When Such Chen's thoughts curiously touched one of the constellations. Startup control one. Catapult start expert level LV1 LV5 increases starting acceleration plus 4% per level plus 20% at max level. Two, clutch control LV1 LV3 reduces tire slippage during startup. Three, initial preload LV1 LV3 optimize suspension preload response. Four, torque distribution. LV1, LV3, improves starting directional stability. Five, perfect start max not activated. The art of launch control, the pinnacle of driver machine integration. Requires launch control expert level LV5 and clutch control, launch preload, and torque distribution, all at LV3. Suchin was completely dumbfounded. Holy crap, what a skilled tree. He then turned his attention to other nebula. Just as he expected, it was all about skill trees curve control. One, tracking brake LV1, LV3 improves cornering deceleration efficiency. Two, cornering control LV1, LV3 increase the minimum speed for cornering. Three, drift control LV1, LV3, reduce drift speed loss. Four, shoulder utilization LV1, LV3. More stable when passing over the shoulder. Five, cornering control max not activated. The master of corners achieving perfect harmony between driver and machine requires level three in all four skills. Tracking brakes, apex control, drift control, and curb utilization. Drifting techniques. One, handbrake drift master. Two, power transition drift, experienced drivers. Three, braking drift master. Four, clutch kick drift for experienced drivers. Five, Scandinavia veteran, special skills. One, overtaking on the wall for beginners. Two, blade overtaking experienced driver. Three, drainage ditch bends for beginners. Four, the kiss of death newbie. Five, sidemounted dual wheel driving for beginners. Mech piloting system. Mech combat system. All six constellations are skill trees. The first four constellations cover almost all the technical maneuvers in racing, including both practically feasible and theoretically feasible techniques. For example, overtaking while hanging off the side of a road. He had only seen this thing in movies. In reality, no one has been able to use it yet. But what are those two things in the back? Meeps exist in this world. Suchen's lips twitch slightly. He suddenly remembered that the logistics Mecca girl at Shing Shin Hui Lago had mentioned that there had been an alien invasion in this world and that human pilots had controlled Mecca girls that had been deployed to fight the aliens. Even those fourst star gods are still a drift in the universe, hunting down alien creatures. Therefore, this world has match. However, he may not need it at all. This cheat system is getting more and more awesome. Suchin shook his head and sideighed. So, the skill tree is now complete. What about skill points? The moment this thought arose, the center of the nebula surged once more. In the center of the six constellations, a fiery red star appears. The star pulsed like it was breathing, and at its core, the distorted number two gradually became clear. Two skill points, Suchin pondered. Skill point acquisition. One. The champion, runnerup, and third place winners of the official competition will receive 19 skill points depending on the scale and difficulty of the competition. One skill point can only be earned by winning the city championship. Two, upgrade the Mecca girl one skill point per level. Information about the sources of skill points surfaced in Such Chen's mind. He upgraded Star Dream once, and the skill points he gained from winning the city championship matched perfectly. And upgrading a control type ability from level one to level two only requires one skill point. Special skills like overtaking while hanging on the wall require three steps to go from newbie to veteran. But in the long run, with so many competitions to come, Star Dream will need to advance to so many levels. In addition, the status threshold of the Mecca girl means that a Mecca girl cannot participate in the competition multiple times in a short period of time. So, he must have other Mecca girls as backups. Therefore, the skill points gained from competitions and Mecca girls will inevitably be surplus in the end. After all, he doesn't pilot matches. Suchin pondered for a while. I'm tentatively allocating one skill point to the launch control expert level. He was very curious about how the golden finger would help him acquire more knowledge. Was it a sudden enlightenment that gave him a sudden influx of memories? or should we directly modify his body? The expert level catapult launcher went from level one to level two. Buzz. Suchin suddenly felt a darkness before his eyes. When she opened her eyes again, she was already in a cockpit, not a Mecca girl, but a standard two-seater rally car like the ones in her previous life. He was sitting in the driver's seat. The cold touch of the steering wheel made him somewhat disoriented, unable to distinguish between reality and illusion. Has he traveled back to Earth? He only added a little bit. How did he end up wearing it back? No. Suchin cried out in despair. He couldn't bear to give up Shing. Earth doesn't have any sweet and soft cow girls. He would die without a sweet and soft cgirl to warm his bed. He was about to get out of the car and lie down on a national highway when a hand grabbed the car door tightly. He turned his head and was stunned. What old Sue? He recognized the person sitting in the passenger seat. He was the undisputed king of the earth racing circle. He had also participated in a team building activity with this person. And later when this person was in a car accident, he even went to deliver a bouquet of flowers to her. So, did he not travel back to Earth, but instead travel to heaven? Your goal today is to master the launch start. If you don't, you can stay in the driver's seat until you die." Old Sue's tone didn't sound like he was talking to a long-lost friend. It sounded more like he was scolding a student. Moreover, it seems that Old Sue doesn't recognize him anymore. Old Sue, it's me. I used to be your team's chief tuner. For over 10 years, I've been the one modifying your cars. Have you forgotten? Such Chin was eager to reunite with Old Su, but the hand passed right through Old Su's body. He stared blankly at his hands. His enthusiasm suddenly dampened. It turns out we didn't meet in a distant place. He reached out again, unwilling to give up, trying to grab old Sue's hand that was holding the car door. They still went through it. Old Sue, standing beside him, remained expressionless. His gaze fixed on the stationary track ahead like that of a hawk. There was no wind, no engine roar. Sunlight was frozen on the leaves, and the falling leaves hung suspended in midair. Suchin took a deep breath. He understood. The heart of God is not only a skill tree, but also a learning space. The so-called skill point allocation means letting him enter an independent space to learn. The originally dangerous learning process can be completed safely in the form of a simulator. At the same time, in this space, he will have a coach, a coach who is the embodiment of the strongest driver he subconsciously identifies, that is Laos Su. He was once the ace driver of China's top club. With the help of the heart of God, he will acquire all the skills this ace driver has learned in his life. Chapter 54. You can push me there. The RPM dropped. What are you doing? Can't you even control something this simple? No. You're so slow. Why don't you go drive a tractor instead? What are you afraid of? Just go for it. You're not going to get killed, are you? 1 hour of training, half an hour of criticism. Such Chin was completely numb. He still thought he was quite skilled at catapult launches. After all, the standards God's heart sets for him are all starting from the expert level and upgrading. As a result, his performance in front of Laos Su was utterly terrible. It's nothing. If there's anything that doesn't meet his expectations, the car will immediately return to its starting point. Repeating this endlessly until one of his actions earns Laos Sus approval. Suchin had no idea how long he had been in this space or how many times he had performed the catapult launch. In any case, he was already somewhat dazed. This time it was pretty good. All operations for a launch start are complete. Old Su finally nodded. Compared to your past self, your launch control can now increase the car's speed by at least 4%. Don't underestimate this 4%. In any race, even a small advantage can determine your final ranking. All right, lesson over. Goodbye. The words fell. When Suchin came to his senses, old Sue disappeared, the cockpit disappeared, and Nebula disappeared, too. He returned to Shinging bedside, staring blankly at the ceiling. The clock on the wall showed that only a minute or two had passed. Shing Ming was crunching away on a bag of special nutritional potato chips for Mecca girls with a plum and bitter melon nutrient solution in her left hand and the same bag in her right. A race was playing on the TV opposite her. The host is giving a passionate commentary. Contestant number 12's launch start was very skillful. It seems he and his mecca girl have put in a lot of effort since their defeat in the last race. That's how racing is. Talent and hard work are both indispensable. Splash, launch, take, step. Such Chen's vision went black and a strong sense of discomfort began to rise from his stomach. He jumped up and rushed to the toilet. Vomit dash master. Shing looked at the toilet in confusion. Her cat ears perked up and twitched, her little mouth slightly open. I'm fine. Suchin rubbed his face as he came out of the bathroom and said helplessly. I just suddenly feel a little nauseous. Are you really okay? Shing patted the bedside. If Master has an upset stomach, you can come and lie down. I'll massage it for you. Then forget it. Suchin glanced at the time. It was time. This robot girl treatment center is not affiliated with the voice of the night, but is the largest treatment center in Bingjo. However, the healing Mecca girls here are very busy and things like applying medicine and changing dressings need to be done by him, their family member for Shing. The healing type Mecca girl demonstrated it yesterday. Today, it's up to him, the pilot, to take the plunge. Such Chen's gaze unconsciously swept towards Shing Ming. She sat cross-legged on the hospital bed, the loose trousers of her hospital gown rolled up, revealing her slender ankles. On the side of that fair skin, large glaring purplish black cracks suddenly came into his view. The cracks were surrounded by obvious redness and swelling, some even extending to the knees. Although they were not as severe as yesterday, they looked particularly pitiful against her smooth skin. Suchin felt as if something had gently twisted his heart. He took the medicine box and walked to the bedside, his voice softening unconsciously. I'll apply the medicine for you today. Ah. Shing was stunned for a moment, then looked down, following Such Chen's gaze and noticed the exposed crack. She unconsciously curled her toes. The crack didn't hurt as much as it did yesterday. "Actually, I could have come by myself without bothering Masta." She was a little embarrassed, and her cat ears drooped down a bit. "No way," Suchin said seriously. "This is a task assigned to me, the parent, by the nurse. How can you do it by yourself? Come sit by the bed and put your feet down. Perhaps it was because Such Chen's tone was too unquestionable. Perhaps it was the word parents that stirred something within Chingi. In short, she sat obediently on the edge of the bed, her two perfectly proportioned legs hanging down. However, because the hospital bed was relatively high, his toes were slightly dangling in the air and did not touch the ground. Suchin knelt on one knee on the cold floor beside the bed, a position that allowed him to look down and see the side of Shing Mangs ankle. Remembering the instructions of the healing Mecca girl, he stretched out his finger and touched the edge of the crack very lightly, feeling an unusual warmth at his fingertip. Does it hurt? He looked up at Ching, his brows furrowed slightly. Shiming trembled slightly at the cool touch of Such Chen's fingertips, and her toes curled up even tighter. looking at master's worried face so close to him. She felt her face getting a little hot, looked away slightly and muttered softly, "It's all right." Suchin didn't say anything and quickly took out the special ointment from the medicine box. I don't know what this ointment is made of. The medicine in the bottle is emitting a faint glow. In his mind, only high radiation heavy metal materials could emit such light. However, since it's used to treat Mecca girls, and he, a human, personally applies the medicine, there must be no problem with its safety. It might be a little chilly, he whispered a reminder. Then he applied some ointment with a cotton swab and gently supported Chings heels with his palm. Lift them up a little. Oo, dash. Ching held her breath, her stiffness barely perceptible, and gently lifted her injured ankle, placing it on Su Chen's warm palm. When the cotton swab soaked in ointment was gently applied to that sensitive skin, a strong tingling sensation made her gasp. Her body instinctively tried to shrink back, but Suchin held her ankle steadily and very gently. Still saying, "It doesn't hurt." Su Chens movements became more careful and gentle, the cotton swab only lightly touching the crack. Shing looked down and could only see Such Chen's jet black hair and focused profile. warm breathe brushed against my ankle and the skin felt like it was being ignited by a small flame. The heat spreading rapidly. She felt her heart pounding so hard it felt like it was going to burst out of her chest and all the heat in her body seemed to rush to the foot that Suchin was supporting. Shing Ming felt very strange. I didn't feel this way when the healing Mecca girl applied medicine to her yesterday. Why did Master come in person? She bit her lower lip, her fingers unconsciously gripping the sheets, her knuckles turning slightly white. A warm current, a mixture of shyness, nervousness, and strange comfort that I had never experienced before, coursed through my limbs and bones. She wanted to dodge, yet inexplicably crave the gentle touch and the warmth emanating from Such Chen's palm. He could only stand there stiffly, feeling the cool ointment gradually melt and seep into his skin on the wound. The ward was very quiet, except for the TV presenter's incessant chatter. Contestant number 73, Freddy, and his robot girl, Phantom, drifted perfectly through the hairpin bend. Such smooth maneuvering is inseparable from the judgment of engine speed and tire grip. The pilot and the Mecca girl work together very well. What? The pilot and the Mecca girl are actually boyfriend and girlfriend. Haha, no wonder. In short, this kind of tacit cooperation is the cornerstone of victory. In reality, the only sound is the extremely faint rustling sound of a cotton swab sliding across delicate skin. The air between the two seemed to have become somewhat thick. Hey, master. Um, when will we sign the spiritual contract? Ah, wait until your foot is healed. The mind contract requires us to swear an oath under the statue of the star god. Right. It's inconvenient for you. Such Chen's heart was also unsettled. He cradled Jinging tiny feet in his palm, the arch of her foot gently conforming to his hand. Through the smooth and delicate skin, you can feel the warm vitality. Without these cracks, it would be a perfect work of art. He could clearly feel Shings every subtle tremor and her toes curling up quietly every time he touched her. In his past life as the chief cgrapher, he was never short of women. For a Sigma man, women are merely a pastime. His true calling lies in his career. But when he faced Shingming, he felt an indescribable stirring in his heart. This is the first time I've wanted to protect a girl. This is the first time I've wanted to give her a happy future. This is the first time I've ever thought about fighting for a girl. Master, there's a wheelchair. You can push me there. Suchin looked up and his gaze met Shing Mangs eyes. Those beautiful deep blue eyes were now moist with a layer of misty haze over them. Her cheeks were flushed like a burning sunset. I want to sign a spiritual contract with you. Shing Ming quickly looked away, her two little feet, which had just been treated with medicine, retreating back under the covers. A barely audible murmur escaped her throat. Is it okay? Meow. Dash. Okay. Suchin replied without hesitation. I'll go prepare the wheelchair right now. He hurriedly put the ointment and cotton swabs back into the medicine box, then went to the nearby storage room to push out the folded wheelchair. The spiritual contract has three steps. First, you need to register with the machine insurance association. Then, they must take an oath under the statue of the star god. Finally, the Mecca girl's mental core is extracted and the pilot signs a mental contract with the Mecca girl. Honestly, this process is a bit like getting married, isn't it? Suchin glanced at the girl on the hospital bed who was looking at him with gentle eyes and felt a little flustered for no reason. Chapter 55. Why don't you just rob it? The machine maintenance association in Bingo City was packed with people early in the morning. When Suchin pushed Shing Ming to the entrance of the Machine Protection Association, he found a large crowd gathered there, and he could vaguely hear noisy arguments. The voice sounds familiar. As Shing approached, the sounds of arguing inside gradually became clearer. Damn it, what's with the attitude? Fine, I'll terminate the contract then. Do you think I can't find someone better? My former contracted Mecca girl, Shing Ming, was a million times better than you. She could win the championship while you're just a performance waste. Miss Wanging, please calm down. Your insults against the Mecca girl will increase the compensation for emotional distress. Compensation it is. I'm not short of that little bit of money. No wonder the voice sounded so familiar. It turns out it was that stupid woman, Waning. In the center of the crowd, Waning and Jing Jun were facing off with staff from the Machinery Protection Association standing between them. However, compared to their previous two meetings, Gene Jun looked noticeably haggarded with a cold expression and eyes filled with anger and disgust. Since Ms. Wong is willing to terminate the contract, then I will submit the evidence. Jean Jun reached out and touched the back of his neck. Take out an object that shimmers with light like a USB flash drive. Submit evidence. One ting stood with her hands on her hips, her face full of disdain. What evidence can you submit? Did I skimp on your food or clothes? Did I not buy you modification cores and holy marks? I've been so good to you and you actually want to terminate the contract with me. You great. These resources are indeed very important and precious to Mecca girls. Gene Jun did not refute this point. Her gaze towards Winging contained a trace of sadness. But Mecca girls need respect and care even more. These modification cores and stigmata have been returned to you. I will compensate you for the basic star elements used for upgrades at market price. Hey, compensation at market price. One Tinting scoffed. Do you even have the money? Jean Jun pursed his lips. It will be ready soon. She gestured for the staff to take the USB drive. The staff had handled this kind of situation before, so they immediately plugged the USB drive into their laptop and connected it to the large screen at the entrance of the machine protection association. This is standard procedure for the machinery and equipment association. After all, many pilots and mecha girls pass through here every day. They are natural witnesses. At the same time, displaying the message directly on a large screen also serves as a warning and educational tool. It calls on pilots to cherish and respect their female pilots and also lets the female pilots know how to properly protect their rights. Judging from this, Winging probably knew that Gene Jun was secretly recording. She was slightly flustered, but then I realized I hadn't done anything outrageous. Then he felt at ease again. Seeing this, Lin Hyun whispered, "What's going on? Did Jeene Jun put on your driver's dash cam? Did you do anything bad to her?" "Brother Lynn, do you think I'm that kind of person?" Winging said in a high-pitched, agrieved tone. "Don't you know how I treat Gin Jun? I've poured all my resources into her. She's clearly an ingrate." Linhai Jun thought about it and agreed. Juan Tinging had previously terminated her contract with Shing Ning because of its performance, but it was only a temporary contract with little authority. To put it bluntly, it was just a temporary arrangement, and once it was terminated, no one could say anything about it. The Golden Falcon is different, a proper bond and contract. They are partners, friends, collaborators, family. Can we treat Mecca girls with bond contracts and those with temporary contracts the same way? He had seen Wong Tingings efforts during this time. After all, it had left him with back pain, a concussion that hadn't fully healed, and his kidneys were already a bit weak. So, he still trusted Winging quite a bit. Moreover, Winging did indeed give all her resources to Gene Jun. Logically speaking, Gene Jun should really like Winging. Why would you secretly turn on the driver's behavior recorder? However, he soon changed his mind. After a series of operations by the staff, the video footage quickly appeared on the big screen. Damn it. Why can't we catch up? I've spent so many resources. Clap clap clap. The sound of one ting slamming the steering wheel was jarring even through the screen. And then there were those vile and offensive insults. Useless. You can't even get past such a simple bend. I couldn't turn it myself. Can't you help me correct it? Speed up. Speed up. Why am I going to equip a piece of trash like you with holy marks? What good are they? Clap. Clap. Clap. Jean Juns face can also be seen in the video. Every time one ting slapped the steering wheel, Jean Juns face would turn pale for a moment. The cockpit of a Mecca girl is the most comfortable interior space for her. Entrusting their most vulnerable parts to the driver is not only a sign of trust in the driver, but also a way to ensure that various protective devices can be deployed immediately in case of danger to save the driver's life. The steering wheel is connected to the Mecca girl's central nervous system. Slapping the steering wheel is no different from hitting someone on the head with a hammer. Jean Jun was in so much pain that he gritted his teeth and broke out in a sweat. But because he didn't want to be distracted on the track, he remained completely silent. Based on what is recorded in the video, during one race, Jin Jun was hit on the steering wheel a total of eight times. After hitting the guardrail, one ting went berserk in the cockpit, kicking and punching, rolling around, and bearing her teeth and claws. These images were released one after another. You could clearly feel a surge of anger building up in the crowd. W Tinking sensed it. She shrank back a little guilty and asked Lin Hyun, "Brother Lynn, I I only hit the steering wheel a few times. It's not that serious." Lin Hyun's face was gloomy, his fists clenched and unclenched repeatedly. Then he slapped Winging across the face. "Damn it, I only hit the steering wheel a few times. How many times do you want to hit it?" Winging was stunned by Lin Hyun slap. After a long while, she managed to stammer out. "Linhy Jun, you you actually hit me." Lin Hyun took two steps forward and kicked out. "I'll not only hit you, I'll kick you." He pointed at Winging, who he had kicked to the ground, and said coldly. I hate people who smashed the steering wheel of a robot girl more than anything else in my life. "How come I never realized you were such a stupid piece of trash before?" Lin Hyjun was so angry that he trembled and his head started to ache again. Boom, who was standing nearby, quickly helped Linhun to the side to rest. Linhun, are you even a man? How dare you hit me? Wanting went completely insane. Regardless of whether his words were vulgar or not, he blurted out, "You love your Mecca so much. Why don't you let her sleep with you? Don't you [ __ ] mess with me. You're already messing with me." and you're even taking your medicine. A chorus of booze erupted from the surrounding crowd. Whether it was jeering or mockery was unclear. Undeniably, while Jean Juns ordeal was infuriating, the juicy gossip before them was clearly more appealing and juicy. Huffong said, his head lowered, a blush spreading to his ears, his fingers gripping Linhys clothes tightly, wishing he could disappear into a crack in the ground. Lin Hyuns face was gloomy and he stared at the deranged Wu one ting with a fierce look. The rule of my Lynn family is that one cannot have a romantic relationship with a Mecca girl before forming a mental contract with her otherwise one will be punished according to family law. I was afraid of holding Pong back. So I didn't make a mental pact with her because I felt I wasn't good enough for her. I haven't become an excellent driver yet. Otherwise, what business do you think it is of yours? Pong is my family. You're just a tool, my pastime, my play thing. Do you really think that just because I call you darling, you're a darling? Thank goodness you were shooting at the golden falcon instead of the breaker. Otherwise, you wouldn't even know which river you'd be sinking in right now. Linhun took the painkiller and immediately felt a wave of fatigue. Having said so much, he was too lazy to waste any more words on Wong Tinting. You can fend for yourself, you idiot. He coldly uttered those words, then turned and left with puff. Wanting sat on the ground, stunned as if in disbelief. Wasn't Lin Hyun her lap dog? Lin Hyjun had never treated her like this before just because she touched the steering wheel of the Golden Falcon. Miss, you are suspected of intentionally harming and humiliating the contracted Mecca girl. Given that you and Jean Jun have a bond contract, this meets the prerequisites for the Mecca Protection Association to intervene. The staff member's voice pulled one thing back from her days. She stared at the staff member's serious yet disgusted face and asked in a days, "What do you mean? How are you going to intervene?" The evidence is conclusive. First, Jean Jun can terminate the bond contract without liability. Second, you need to compensate Jean Jun for emotional distress and medical expenses. The staff member paused for a moment, then took out a leather suitcase. Since Gene Jun upgraded once under your care, she will refund the initial star coin cost to you first. Here is 50,000 yuan. We used the market price of basic star coins as our benchmark. Wanting glanced at the suitcase, then at Jeene Jun, and a cold smile appeared on her lips. Fine, let's terminate the contract, then. I don't care. Just tell me how much compensation I owed. The staff member frowned and started calculating with a mobile calculator. Then he looked up at Wong Ting. Based on the regulations of the machinery insurance association and our judgment and calculation of your misconduct, you need to pay 300,000 yan in compensation for Jean Jun. 300,000. Wantings eyes widened. Why don't you just rob it? Chapter 56. Walking towards their own light. One for Winging. 300,000 is definitely not a small amount, especially since Linhun had already broken ties with her. She never imagined that simply hitting the steering wheel of the Golden Falcon a few times would cost her so much money. She even suspected that the Machinery Protection Association and Gene Jun were conspiring to frame her. But her remaining rationality told her that's impossible. The Mecca Girl Protection Association has branches in various cities. It is an independent organization for protecting Mecca girls separate from the official government. It is said that half of the legal representatives who founded this organization are Mecca Girls themselves and the others are wellknown in various industries. To put it bluntly, they have a large and powerful family business. There's absolutely no need to target her specifically because of Gene Jun. Besides, she has no power or influence and can't fight against these organizations, so she can only swallow her anger. Fine, I'll pay. Wanting gritted her teeth and pulled out a card. This was given to her by Lin Hyun. She didn't know how much money was in it, but Lin Hyun said it was enough for her to spend. She usually wouldn't spend the money in there. Compared to those girls who spend money on cosmetics and clothes, she prefers to invest in her future. She planned to keep this money to pave the way for her future. For example, enabling oneself to enter a better club. So, she didn't know how much money was inside. But 300,000 yan in compensation should be more than enough. Even if things don't go well, there's still the 50,000 yuan compensation, right? The staff member took the card and swiped it on the card reader. Beep. Your balance is insufficient. How is that possible? Oneing was stunned, staring wideeyed at the card reader. You You try swiping 100,000. Beep. Your balance is insufficient. Not even 100,000. Then what about 10,000? Beep. Your balance is insufficient. W Tinking was dumbfounded. The staff member curled his lip and swiped a dollar. Beep. Your balance is insufficient. Miss Wong, do you have any money in this card? Do you have any other payment methods? The staff were starting to get impatient. He pointed to the shop next to the Machinery Maintenance Association. If all else fails, you can apply for a loan there. The interest rate is acceptable, but if you default, it will affect your credit score. Your water, electricity, and gas supply will be cut off. Your driver's license will be revoked, and you will not be allowed to leave Bingo City. No, we can't take out a loan. Wington panicked. If she takes out a loan, she's finished. She'll be banned. Lin Hyun, it must be Lin Hyun. Lin Hyun transferred the money out of the car. Brother Lynn. She turned her head sharply to look for Lin Hyun, but he was nowhere to be seen. He frantically pulled out his phone to call Lin Hyun, but the number you dialed is currently switched off. Please try again later. How could it be turned off? Wingings face turned deathly pale. She immediately realized Lin Hyun had blocked her. What about her money? Where is she going to find 300,000 yan to compensate Gene Jun? Could you perhaps grant me a few more days? Winging forced a smile that looked more like a grimace, and her tone softened. She then looked at Jean Jun. Jean Jun, stop fooling around. Master was wrong. Master promises to treat you well and respect you from now on. I will never hit your steering wheel again. Please give Master a chance. Okay. As she was talking, she tried to take Gene Juns hand, but Jeene Jun casually brushed her off. "No." Jean Jun shook his head decisively. "Although I'm just a C-class Mecca girl, if I had known you were this kind of person from the beginning, I wouldn't have made a contract with you." She had already regretted it. She had already regretted it when she witnessed Wong Tings mean face when she abandoned Ching. Under normal circumstances, it's amicable for graduates to terminate their temporary contracts with their female Mecca partners. Some pilots, feeling bad about it, would even offer some compensation to the female pilots they had worked with. Winging offered no compensation to Shing. They only offered ridicule and suppression, treating us like enemies. It's clear that Wuing is no good. At the time, she had no reason to terminate her contract with Wuan Ting. If Jeene Jun is unwilling to settle, then madam, we must complete the compensation within one day. The staff member's expression turned serious and his voice turned cold. Please cooperate with our work, otherwise we will take coercive measures. Where am I supposed to find 300,000 yan in a single day? Winging looked around at the crowd in despair, her gaze suddenly fixing on Such Chin and Ching. Suchin just won the city championship. He must have a prize money on him. Such Chin, if I hadn't broken the temporary contract with Shing Ming back then, you wouldn't have met such a wonderful Mecca girl like Shing Ming, right? She rushed to Such Chin and Shing Mang as if grasping at a straw, a fawning smile on her face. Look, if it weren't for me, the two of you wouldn't have met. This fate is what brought you together. So, could you lend me some money? I can write an I owe you, and I will definitely pay you back slowly. Such Chun looked at Winging with a strange expression. It's like looking at some unknown creature, a pseudohum. No, Wongs skin is so thick. It seems that the authorities are indeed cracking down hard on borrowers and those who default on their loans. He was so ruthless that Wong Ting would rather shamelessly ask him for money than take out a loan. No. Even while sitting in a wheelchair, Shing Ming still stood in front of Such Chin, her arms crossed in front of her to form a large X, her fluffy cat ears pressed tightly together like airplane ears, her brows furrowed, and a low whimpering sound coming from her throat. You wicked woman. That's money master and I earned together. It's our honor. How could we possibly give it to you? Looking at Shing Ming, who had once been completely obedient to her, one Ting felt utterly unfamiliar and surprised. In fact, she was already very surprised when she saw Shing Ming giving her all to reach the finish line in the race video. She simply couldn't understand why Shing Ming had never displayed such amazing qualities under her supervision before. If she had known earlier that Shing Ming had this ruthless streak, she would never have abandoned Shing Ming. But it's too late to say anything now. Shing Ming lived a life of luxury with Such Chin. She even won the city championship with Suchin. So she must be completely devoted to Suchin. Now, however, the difference between a fool and a wise person is that a wise person will not waste their energy on hopeless things. Foolish people always cling to that laughable wishful thinking, making a lastditch effort when they're on the verge of collapse. Chapter 56. Walking towards their own light, too. Star dream, why don't you come back and be my Mecca girl? I was wrong. I was blind before and didn't discover your potential. I promise I'll treat you well from now on and give you the best modifications. Whatever flavor of nutrient solution you want, I'll buy it for you. Absolutely fresh. Plenty. Wingings face was full of sincerity. In the past, Shing Ming would be overjoyed to hear these things, but she never said it because she couldn't even be bothered to make empty promises to Shing Ming. I don't want to. Shing Ming hugged Such Chens waist tightly, pressing her pretty face against him and glared angrily at one ting. I want master. Even if you modify me into an ex-class mecha girl or an ex-class mecha girl, I still don't want it. You bad woman. I won't follow you anymore. Give up meow. Suchin couldn't help but chuckle at Shing Mangs possessive manner. She was clearly furious, but her tone of voice was almost like she was whining. No wonder she was bullied and suppressed by Wong Ting. Perhaps in Wongings eyes, Shing Ming had never been angry. I'm signing a mind contract with Master today. Do you know what a mind contract is? Shing Ming snorted, raised her chin, and said in an extremely proud tone, "No machine girl will ever be willing to sign a mind contract with you in this lifetime. But I, Shing Ming, will take the initiative to sign a mind contract with master. You bad woman. You can be envious for the rest of your life. Meow. Friendly laughter came from the surrounding crowd. Shing Ming blushed slightly, twitched her cat ears, but still maintained her proud demeanor. Being able to sign a spiritual contract with Such Chin is something she can be proud of. What's there to be embarrassed about? She wants to announce it to the whole world. She's about to have the world's best master woman. What you need to do now is pay the 300,000 yan compensation as soon as possible. Seeing Wong Ting getting closer and closer to the edge of the crowd, the staff member immediately blocked her path, narrowing his eyes and saying, "Don't even think about running away. You're a student of the academy. Your information has been entered. No matter where you go, we can find you. I have no money." Wanting resigned herself to her fate. What are you going to do about it? Not only did she have no money, she also needed to pay rent. And that run-down modification shop had absolutely no business. Even if used as a place to live, it would seem shabby. What was she thinking? Insisting on renting that dilapidated place for three times the normal price. They even signed a one-year contract. Winging felt a splitting headache just thinking about these things, but the staff at the machine maintenance association didn't give her time to fully experience the headache. He immediately pulled out his walkie-talkie. Brothers, we've got a job. As soon as he finished speaking, a furious roar came from the machine protection association. Then two lowlike Mecca girls rushed out from inside. But with each step they took closer to Wong Ting, their bodies swelled up a size. By the time he reached Winging's side, he had transformed into a 2- m tall superersized muscular man. Her originally delicate and cute face is now resembling the Jojo style. "What? What do you want to do?" Winging was terrified. Two muscular women flanked her from both sides, grabbing her arms, making it impossible for her to move. The staff member glanced at Winging and smirked. According to article 192 of the machine girl protection regulations of the machine protection association, when the violator is unable to pay compensation, our association has the right to take coercive measures against the violator, including but not limited to taking the violator to a professional institution for forced loan. Take him away. He waved his hand and said to Gene Jun, "Come and collect your compensation tomorrow. We need to deal with this today." Amidst Wingings constant struggles and curses, the two male machine girls dragged her into the loan agency like a dead dog. I'd like to know what will happen if she can't repay the loan? Suchin asked curiously, looking at the closed doors of the institution. She might be sent to work in the mines. The staff member coldly pushed up his glasses. If she can't even mine properly, then the only things of value on her body are those few organs. But we usually don't take such extreme measures. At most, we'll make her a blood bank to donate blood or do drug experiments. After all, we have to respect her right to life. Suchin, what a fine example of respecting the right to life. However, when this respectful approach was applied to Wong Ting, he surprisingly found it quite good. I heard you're here to sign a spiritual contract. The gloom and seriousness on the staff members faces disappeared, replaced by gentle smiles. Starard Dream, right? I know you. He smiled as he looked at Star Dream in her wheelchair. You're a brave child. Whether for yourself or for your master, you perfectly embodied the spirit of competition and the glory of the track. Come with me. After saying that, he nodded to Suchin. I'll be in charge of registration today. Jin Jun watched as Suchin pushed Shing Mangs wheelchair toward the gate of the Machine Protection Association. The afternoon sun streamed through the glass, casting a pale golden veil over them. Suchin lowered his head slightly as he spoke while Shing Mang tilted her head back, her cat ears twitching lightly, her laughter clearly audible. Their figures were gently enveloped in the light, gradually blurring. Jing Jun didn't turn around until the door closed. She started walking in the opposite direction. The sunlight generously shone down on her, outlining her silhouette as she walked alone. She was happy for Shing Ming, and the happiness that radiated from her lips was dazzling. Perhaps in the future, she will meet a master with whom she can confide in. She was looking forward to it. Jean Jun straightened his back and walked towards the sunlet road in front of him. They had their backs to each other. They all walked into their own light. Setting chapter updated irregularly and may be forgotten. One star dream name starream. Star emblem radiant light team enhancement speed 47. Curves 54. Stable 42. Burst 35. Battery life 51. Modification core none. Stigma none. Current level D. Special talents one not activated. Two catgirl appearance specialization three silent movement. Frequency 5%. Status listless. Review. She is sweet and soft, perfect for warming the bed. But for the competition, forget it. She's already a catgirl specialization. What more could you ask for? You can't have it all. Two queen name queen star power thunder explosive type speed 76 curve 90 stable 81 burst 61 battery life 82 modification core vortex 3 purple stigmata wild hunt three piece set blue speed plus 10% nitro duration plus 20% rollover correction plus Eternal Heart One Piece set purple endurance plus 9. Current rank SS. Special talent expired. Frequency 0%. Status malfunctioning. Unable to drive. Evaluation. A top Mecca girl with exceptional talent, but she has been ruined by a brainless modifier. Three. Golden Falcon. Name. Golden Falcon Star emblem. Flowing flame. Speed 61, curve 48, stable 49, burst 47, battery life 44, modification core, vortex basic type, white, stigma, none, current level C. Special talents, none, frequency, 0%. Status, good. Four, through the clouds. Name: Cloudpiercer. Star sign storm. Control type. Speed 58. Curve 70. Stable 61. Burst 45. Battery life 37. Modification core siren blue. Stigma none. Current level C++. Special talents none. Frequency 13% driver Hang Shiruan status good evaluation on a track with many curves in a short course she is a sharp blade five night hoof Ayano voice of the night T2 thunder stars the following are the performance characteristics of the Soviet modified version speed 89 curves 61 stable 71 burst 90 battery life 57 six fury voice of the night T1 team S-class thunderstar power speed 94 curve 58 stable 83 burst 89 battery life 64 7 name Chunghai Star emblem storm speed 65 curves 78, stable 61, burst 51, battery life 9, modification core, assault standard, type 3 blue, stigma, none. Current level B special talents, none. Frequency, 36%, geno status, good fault, reduced battery life. evaluation. A fallen angel 10 years ago, Gino, the pilot known as the Golden Razor and a top coach of the Night Voice, was a Mecca girl. Because Chunghai's progress couldn't keep up with the teams, Gino, under Chin Xen's influence, agreed to let the modification team participate in Shong Hai's modification plan. As a result, Jung Hai lost its memory and emotions and suffered a serious defect in its range, making it completely unable to compete on the track. Gino was suppressed by the voice of the night group while seeking justice for Chong Hai. He hid in a corner of the city, opened a training ground, and kept searching for ways to help Chung Hai recover. Under Gino's meticulous care, Chiong Hai's memory gradually returned, but the problem of its limited range remained unresolved. The theoretical basis for nitrogen acceleration modification core. The so-called nitrogen acceleration is actually a meticulously planned game of ice and fire that takes place inside the engine. Its true nature is not the direct combustion of nitrogen gas, but rather the use of a special substance called nitrous oxide, N2O, commonly known as laughing gas. When the driver presses the button, liquid nitrous oxide is injected into the engine's intake manifold and then rushes into the hot cylinder. At extremely high temperatures, N2O molecules are highly unstable and will decompose instantly, releasing their two original components. Oxygen O2 plays the role of arssonist, adding fuel to the fire. Its task is to aid combustion. Ordinary engines rely on drawing in air for combustion. The oxygen content in the air is limited which restricts the amount of fuel burned and thus limits power. The oxygen provided by the decomposition of N2O is additional and pure. This is like connecting a pure oxygen injection pump to a stove that was originally being fanned by a fan. Instantly, the flame inside the stove changes from a gentle burn to a violent raging fire. The ECU engine control unit will detect this sudden influx of oxygen and immediately command the fuel injectors to inject far more fuel than usual. The result is that more fuel plus more oxygen equals a more violent and powerful explosion, thus generating amazing extra power. Nitrogen N2 plays the role of a calm and restrained guardian. Its task is to cool down. This violent combustion induced by oxygen produces extremely high temperatures which can easily lead to engine knock and abnormal combustion that can damage pistons and cylinders causing metal parts to be damaged due to overheating. Nitrogen as an inert gas becomes a crucial buffer and coolant in this situation. On the one hand it absorbs and carries away a large amount of heat in the cylinder effectively suppressing the runaway temperature. On the other hand, it fills the cylinder like an invisible protective cushion, making the explosive combustion relatively stable and controllable rather than a devastating explosion. The result was that it protected the engine, preventing this power surge from instantly turning into a disaster. Therefore, the whole process can be understood as follows. The system injects nitrous oxide N2O which acts like a specially designed energy pack. This energy pack splits in two inside the cylinder. Oxygen is responsible for igniting the fire, drastically increasing power. Nitrogen is responsible for splashing water, calmly controlling the situation and preventing self-destruction. Volume two, the lighthouse. Chapter 57. I'd rather not sign. The registration process is not complicated. It's just updating information on the computer. But compared to the bond contract which only required basic information, this mind contract requires recording much more information such as height, weight, age, and future aspirations. The machinery maintenance association is also a hidden gem. After registering their information, the staff led Su Chin and Shing Mang into an area resembling a large auditorium. Compared to the bustling crowds outside, this place seemed exceptionally empty. The number of Mecca girls and pilots who came to sign the spiritual contract was small. They sat in pairs scattered on the seats in the auditorium. They stood very close to each other, talking quietly, the atmosphere just like that of a couple. Moreover, there seems to be a natural harmony between them, unlike the pilots and Mecca girls outside who always seem a bit makeshift at first glance and at best they are just newly acquainted friends. These are all Mecca girls and pilots who have come to sign a mental contract. The staff led Su Chin and Shing Mang through the seating area, introducing them in a low voice. Some are newcomers and some didn't meet the requirements before. They have one opportunity each month. Conditions. Suchin was taken aback. Are there any prerequisites that need to be met? That's right. The staff member pushed up his glasses and held up one finger. It's a very simple condition. As long as the Mecca girl's basic frequency of resonance is up to standard, then a mind contract can be signed. Suchin glanced at Shings base frequency 50%. This was not the value after winning the city championship, but the value that Shing Ming had increased in the past 2 days of taking care of her. Especially after applying medicine to Shing Ming, it had strangely increased by a full 10%. I don't know if this value is acceptable. After all, in his mind, being considered qualified was always associated with the number 60. If it doesn't meet the requirements, that would be embarrassing. There's another couple ahead of you. I'll test them first so you can see the specific testing process. The staff led Such Chin and Shing Mang to the front row and asked them to wait a moment. Then he turned around and changed into a black robe like a priest, looking every bit the wedding off efficient and stood on the high platform. Mr. Liing Xen, Miss Lingju, please come up here. The pilots and female pilots whose names were called stood in front of the staff looking a little reserved. The staff then took out a Rubik's cube-shaped device and solemnly placed it on the table. Let's begin. He nodded to the two of them. The pilot and the female pilot exchanged a glance, their eyes revealing a mixture of tension and mutual encouragement. Then they each extended one hand and placed it on the Rubik's cube simultaneously. "Meow!" Shinming curiously twitched her cat ears and the originally ordinary Rubik's cube suddenly lit up with a faint milky white glow. The staff members stared intently at the Rubik's cube for a long while then sighed. No, your frequency synchronization is only 23% which is still far from enough. Go back and keep working hard. Ah, this the driver named Luchinian said somewhat taken aback. He glanced at his Mecca girl, who was also looking dejected with her head down, but ultimately said nothing. Don't just act on your feelings. The staff member warned, "Seriously, you need to really understand what your Mecca girl, your partner, truly needs. Please go back now, and hopefully you'll make a breakthrough next month." Watching the two leave dejectively, Shing Ming muttered to herself, "Master, this test is so strict. Meow." She felt somewhat uneasy. What if we can't pass the test? We won't be able to sign the mind contract today. What a pity. I even went online to consult a fortune teller, a Mecca girl for 99 yuan, and she said, "Today is an auspicious day." Shing Ming twisted her fingers together, pouted, and looked like she was in great pain. For her, as long as it wasn't spent on such chin, even a hundred yan would feel like a waste. Furthermore, she realized that she might have been scammed by the online Mecca girl master. Su Ching chuckled at Shing Mings pouty face, then patted her head and gently comforted her. Don't worry, we're like family. There definitely won't be any problems. Actually, he wasn't sure himself and was already thinking about how to comfort Shing Ming later. Mr. Suchin, Miss Shing Ming, please come here. Shing Ming swallowed hard. Her little hand frantically tried to grab Such Chen's clothes, but in her panic, she grabbed Such Chen's hand instead. Just as she was about to let go, his warm, large hand turned around and tightly enveloped her little hand. Shing Ming felt her breathing quickened suddenly, and a surge of heat rose in her face and heart. Then, with Such Chin pushing it forward, the wheelchair moved forward until it reached the table. The staff member glanced at Such Chan and Shing Ming, who was sitting in a wheelchair with a flushed face and smiled slightly. Knowing that Shing Ming was not feeling well, he picked up the Rubik's cube and presented it to the two of them with both hands. Give it a try and see if your bond is strong enough. The star god will judge. Suchin took a deep breath and placed his hand on the Rubik's cube. Shing Ming stared at the Rubik's cube, silently praying, "May the star god protect you." and placed her hand on it close to Such Chen's large hand. "Buzz!" A milky white light, much brighter and softer than before, instantly burst forth from the Rubik's cube. The entire auditorium fell silent instantly. All the pilots and Mecca girls stared longingly at the Rubik's Cube. 50%. You two haven't known each other for very long, have you? The staff stared at Shing Ning and Such Chin in disbelief, their eyes filled with confusion and surprise. A collective gasp and suppressed gasps filled the auditorium. 50%. My god, they may have known each other for a long time, maybe four or 5 years. They haven't changed their Mecca girls for four or 5 years, and they've been training the same Mecca girl all along. It's indeed possible for them to reach this level of synchronization. Master, look at them and then look at yourself. What did I do wrong? It's not like I'm the only one who gets to decide whether we're on the same wavelength. Shing Mings palms were sweating with nervousness as she stared expectantly at the staff, waiting for the final verdict. Hearing the whispers behind him, Suchin felt a sense of relief. So, did you pass? qualified. The staff member nodded. Of course, qualified. Our rule is that the frequency of the contract must be at least 30% to sign a mental contract. This is to prevent the Mecca girl from encountering an unsuitable pilot. After all, a mental contract is not an equal contractual relationship for the Mecca girl. Meow. I knew it. Master and I would definitely pass. Shing Ming patted her chest and breathed a sigh of relief. It seems the Mecca girl fairy was right. Today is indeed a good day for her. She looked at Suchin with a smile only to see that Suchin had his brows furrowed. "Master?" Her smile vanished, her cats drooped, and she asked softly, "What's wrong? Are you unhappy?" Suchin stroked Shing Mings head, pondered for a moment, and then spoke to the staff. I don't like an unequal relationship with Shing Ming, even if Shing Ming is willing. So, I want to know what the necessity is in signing the mind contract and what benefits it would bring to Shing. If it only benefits me as the driver, I would rather not sign it. Chapter 58. The so-called same frequency. Behind Such Chin and Shing Ming, the pilots and Mecca girls all stared at Such Chin with incomprehensible looks. Even the staff are the same. He'd been a master of ceremonies for seven or eight years, and this was the first time he'd encountered someone like Suchin. However, he quickly understood something from Shing Mings initially surprised then slightly redened eyes. The fact that he could reach 50% sync with the Mecca girl in less than a month is precisely because he cares more about her feelings, isn't it? If it weren't for the fact that Shing Ming had a master who cared about her and treated her very well, she wouldn't push herself that hard on the track. Now that I hear Suchin say this, I can completely understand it. Mr. Suchin, I completely understand your concerns. The staff members smiles soften even more. The mind contract isn't entirely without its benefits for the Mecca girls. Firstly, the bass frequency is almost locked, so there is virtually no chance of regression. This makes it easier for the Mecca girls to enter the same frequency mode on the track. When the same frequency is increased to 60%, 80%, and 100%, it corresponds to the three stages of the same frequency mode. Each time the Mecca girl enters a stage, her attributes will be temporarily increased. If your Mecca girl is a top tier Mecca girl and has awakened her talent skill, then the three synchronization stages will unlock the advanced levels of the talent skill, resulting in stronger effects. Furthermore, beyond 100% synchronization, there is an overclocking state that is extremely difficult to trigger. I'm not sure what specific improvements are available. Such cases are rare and are not made public. All I know is that different Mecca girls achieve different effects in overclocking mode. Suchin listened silently to what the staff member said. This is indeed a benefit to the Mecca girls, but it's only a benefit to the track. The pilots also benefit. Is there anything else? Yes. When the basic frequency reaches 60%, 80% and 100% the Mecca girl's vehicle body will change and become more beautiful, equivalent to having a better-l looking and cooler vehicle cover in front of other Mecca girls. The Mecca girl with this special change will have more face. Such chin. Holy crap. The affinity system unlocked a companion skin. This is one of the benefits for Starream since they get to wear limited edition beautiful clothes. Is there anything else? Yes, the staff member continued. Racing is after all a very dangerous sport, especially the closer you get to a worldclass track, the more treacherous it becomes. No one can guarantee the safety of the driver and the Mecca girl. As we all know, if a Mecca girl is in a serious accident and near death, she can be revived as long as her mental core is not damaged. But if her mental core is damaged, she will die completely. However, if there is a mental contract, a Mecca girl whose mental core is damaged can be revived with the help of her pilot. Suchin nodded slightly. Finally, there are some tangible benefits. During a race, if danger arises, the Mecca girls will prioritize protecting the pilot. Therefore, even if a driver is involved in a severe impact, they will generally not have any major problems, at most a concussion. In this context, the mental contract becomes a life guarantee for the Mecca girl. But he felt it wasn't enough. He looked at the staff and the staff looked at him too. The staff had already spoken before he asked. Mr. Such Chin, I understand your initial intention to give Miss Shing an absolutely equal relationship. After all, once a Mecca girl signs a mental contract, she only retains 40% of the piloting rights. This means that in major decisions, as long as the pilot is still conscious, she can only obey the pilot's orders. And in daily life, she will also be obedient to the pilot. This is not mandatory, but rather the reason why the female pilots trust the pilots unconditionally is due to this relationship. Furthermore, even if the driver dies, they will no longer be able to sign any contracts with other drivers. This means that even if the pilots hurt the Mecca girls, they will have no complaints. A century ago, there was no requirement for pilots and Mecca girls to be on the same wavelength when signing a mind contract. It was because of many infuriating and frustrating events that the star god created a special attribute called same wave rate for the Mecca girls. And only when the wavelength synergy reaches 30% can a mind contract be signed. The staff's words echoed in the empty auditorium. Not only Su Chin and Shing Mang, but all the other pilots and Mecca girls listened attentively. Those restless minds gradually calmed down. Although frequency of occurrence as a threshold cannot completely filter out scum, I haven't dealt with any disgusting incidents since I joined the company. Daily acts of kindness and thoughtful gifts are the foundation for building trust, the cornerstone for moving from 0 to 10 or 20 in sync. They make the girl feel valued and respected. This is fundamental and incredibly important. But the staff member's gaze drifted into the distance as if seeing countless scenes from the past. What truly enables a qualitative change in the same frequency. Breaking through that crucial 30% and moving towards 60%, 80% or even higher is often the choice you make together at the turning point of fate in the face of storms and seemingly insurmountable peaks. When facing a dangerous track, the engine groans, the vehicle is under extreme pressure and victory seems out of reach. When the Mecca girl trembles with fear or is on the verge of losing control due to malfunctions. When the outside world is full of doubt and the road ahead is shrouded in uncertainty. The driver gripped the steering wheel tightly, his eyes resolute and said, "Believe in me and believe in yourself. We can get through this." He never gave up. Even while enduring immense pain and risk, the Mecca girl still entrusts herself completely to her master, responding with unwavering devotion. I can hold on. We're together. It was in the darkest of times that your most genuine instinct not to save yourselves, but to pull each other out of danger. These moments, these choices that transcend rational calculation and personal safety are the sparks that ignite resonance deep within the soul. When you face the abyss together and choose to stand side by side instead of turning away and running away. When you can still feel the resonance of each other's heartbeats under extreme pressure, that's when your souls truly begin to merge on a deeper level. It is only through shared experiences and the forge will that this cold hard numerical value of shared frequency can transcend its limitations and reach new heights. Mr. Such Chin, when you brought Shing Ming here, I knew that you and Shing Ming were definitely on the same wavelength because you have already weathered storms and achieved glory and victory. The staff member looked at Suchin, his eyes full of understanding and approval. Even your current hesitation reflects how much you cherish Shing Ming. I just didn't expect that you and Shing Ming were already so in sync. If you insist on asking what the greatest benefit of a spiritual contract is, I can only tell you it is happiness. A spiritual contract locks in more than just basic frequency resonance. It still locks onto the light you shown together in those darkest moments, the chapters you wrote together with trust and courage. It means that no matter how many curves or storms lie ahead, you will be bound together by soul and in unison. This is the most precious and irreplaceable benefit of this contract for the Mecca girls, and it's what they are willing to place above even the glory of the racetrack, happiness. After he finished speaking, the auditorium fell silent. A man's words are like a pebble thrown into a still lake, creating ripples. Those mixed thoughts about speed, performance, and victory were quietly suppressed and replaced by a deeper reflection. The pilots instinctively looked at their Mecca girls, and the girl's gazes softened considerably. Suchin felt Shining grip his hand even tighter. That slight tremor wasn't from fear or tension, but rather seemed to be a deeper kind of tremor. Mr. Suchin, I've said everything I needed to say. The staff member calmly took a sip of water. Would you be willing to sign a spiritual contract with Shing Ming? Or rather, he paused, looking solemnly at Suchin. Whether you are willing to give happiness to the Mecca girl beside you. Suchin took a deep breath. His mind raced through all the little moments he and Shing Ming had shared. Although we haven't known each other for very long, such images are surprisingly numerous, almost filling my entire mind. Ultimately, everything was frozen at the city championship at Shing Mings faint smile before she fell into a coma. That smile had a soulmelting heat that made his heart tremble. He no longer had any worries or hesitations. I do. He said it seriously. Every word was spoken with resounding force. Chapter 59. Making a wish. When I say the three words, I do. Suchin blushed slightly. He didn't know why someone as thick-skinned as him would blush. However, the sense of deja vu about getting married suddenly became even stronger. He clearly felt Shing shiver beside him. Looking down, he saw that Shings head was hanging low, obscuring her expression, but her originally pale pink earlobes were now a deep purple. Clearly, the staff member's words, combined with what had happened before, had quite a shock to her. "Very good," the MC looked at Shing Ming. "Then are you willing to entrust yourself completely to the driver beside you?" "I do, Meow. I'm very willing." Shing Ming didn't hesitate at all, but she dared not look at the MC, nor at Such Chin. Her heart pounded wildly and her face flushed crimson. She didn't know what her situation was. After all, it was the first time signing a mind contract, and they didn't know how the Mecca girl would react. She attributed these feelings to the special sensations she experienced during the ritual of signing a spiritual contract. The MC smiled like an ant. Finally, we witnessed another pair of Mecca girls and pilots bound by a spiritual bond. How wonderful. Although it took a lot of talking, if he had this kind of work every day, he wouldn't mind talking until his mouth was dry. Unfortunately, very few racers and Mecca girls reach the threshold of the mind contract. It's considered quite good to encounter a pair every 6 months. Next, you will form a spiritual pact under the watchful eye of the star god. And at the same time, you can make a wish to the star god. The master of ceremonies revealed a mysterious smile. It is said that the star god can hear all the wishes you make when forming the spiritual pact. So, it is very effective. Make a wish to God. They're starting to coax the kids again. Suchin curled his lips. Meow. A wish that works really well. Shing Mings eyes lit up. She was already eager to try. The MC took out something that looked like a car key and pressed it lightly. Boom. The ground shook. Then a statue that almost reached the ceiling of the auditorium rose up in front of Shing Ming and Suchin. The statue was not an individual, but a team, or rather, three Mecca girls and one human pilot. Over time, the statue's face had become somewhat blurred. But Suchin still felt a vague sense of familiarity. Why did he feel like the man standing at the very front of the statue looked so familiar? Before I could think any further, the MC had already started speaking. Miss Star Dream, please extract your mind core under the gaze of the star god and make your wish to the star god. Yes, you can only make one wish. M. Shing nodded and closed her eyes. She took a deep breath and gently placed her hands on her chest. A melodious and gentle chanting arose from who knows where. A faint starlight gradually emanated from Shings body. Her hands gradually opened like flower petals blooming, and a Rubik's cube- shaped mental core gradually took shape as it rotated in her palms. This is the core of the mind. Suchin stared blankly at the Rubik's cube slowly rotating in Shings hand. The azure light on the Rubik's cube connects to Shings right heart. It was as if Shing Ming had taken out her own heart and held it out in front of him with both hands. The gentle chanting gradually became solemn and dignified. Gazing at the almost sacred scene before him, Suchin couldn't help but get goosebumps and his body involuntarily tensed up. "Miss Star Dream, please make a wish to the star goddess," BMC said with a smile. "Make a wish?" Chinming subconsciously looked at Such Chin and blinked her big eyes. He then held the core of his mind and prayed to the statue. "Star dreams of becoming a worldclass Mecca girl, wants Master to live to 100 years old, and wants to be with Master forever." A friendly laugh rang out in the auditorium." The MC chuckled and teased. "Miss Shing, you can only make one wish. Don't be too greedy. You already have three wishes. Think carefully and choose the one you want most." Shing Ming scratched her head. her cat ears drooping and looked bitter. Uh, it's so hard to choose. Can I have more wishes? I'm sure the star god wouldn't mind. Master of ceremonies. Ahem, this is a necessary rule to remind you since you have already signed a spiritual contract with Mr. Suchin. You have almost fulfilled your wish to be with Mr. Suchin forever. If you want Mr. Suchin to live to be 100 years old, then you must win the world championship. At that time, you will receive the ultimate blessing from the star god, which you can use to do many things, including granting Mr. Suchun immortality, eternal life. Unfamiliar words. Suchin looked at the MC with a surprised expression. The MC was very serious when he said this. This is clearly not something to fool a child. It's a real thing. Does this world actually possess the ability to grant immortality? Meow. I get it. Shing Mings eyes lit up and her pair of cadars stood up alertly. She gazed intently at the statue and said earnestly and devoutly, "May the star god bless us and may master and I successfully win the world championship and become world class." After saying that, she silently added to herself. Then with the ultimate blessing, Master was granted immortality. That way she can be with Masta forever. Plans are in place. Meow. The MC was not surprised by this wish. This is what most Mecca girls wish for. He turned to look at Suchin. Mr. Suchin, you can also make a wish to the star god. Me? Suchin pointed to himself. Yes, you can only make one request. Okay. Suchin stood in front of the statue. Although he knew that making a wish was just a formality, like celebrating a birthday, the solemn atmosphere around him made him subconsciously take it seriously. My wish is Shing Mings wish. I hope that in the future I can fulfill my dream of becoming a star. As soon as the words were spoken, a faint light shone from the statue's eyes, as if by divine intervention. Immediately afterwards, a beam of starlight fell from the circular dome, enveloping the starry dream like a spotlight. Suchin was stunned. After a brief moment of surprise, the MC immediately realized what was happening and whispered, "Mr. Suchin, you and Shing won the city championship but haven't received the blessing of the star god yet, right?" Actually, whether it's witnessing the spiritual contract or receiving the blessing of the star god, you will establish a connection with the star god. The star god saw that Shing didn't receive the championship blessing. So, he blessed Shing Ming as a side effect. Suchin's lips twitched slightly. So, when Shing Ming and I made our wishes, the star god could hear us. Of course, the MC nodded solemnly. Otherwise, did you think the star god statue was just for decoration? Such Chin was speechless because that's really what he thinks. A single statue is enough to establish contact with the star gods, a group of four whose whereabouts in the universe are unknown. This is too surreal. Shouldn't the world he transmigrated to be an urban martial arts world? He almost thought the star god had appeared and was about to grant him and Shings wish. The starlight that fell on Shing Ming did not last long. After the starlight disappeared, Suchin discovered that all of Shing Nangs attributes had increased by one point, becoming speed 64, curve 65, stable 44, burst 40, battery life 53. Is this Champion's blessing really equivalent to an upgrade? That's pretty awesome. What surprised him even more was that the original star dream had a negative effect of plus 20% tire wear. After being blessed by the star god, this negative effect disappears immediately. Then he watched in disbelief as Shiming stood up directly from her wheelchair. Holding the core of her mind, she skipped and hopped to him, then picked up the Rubik's cube with both hands. A pair of large, bright blue eyes stared at him expectantly. Hey master, you want a mind contract? Meow dash. Chapter 60. Are they shameless enough? The spiritual contract has been signed. The final step is simple. Just drip a drop of blood onto Shings mental core. However, Suchin also asked the MC some questions he didn't understand. For example, since Mecca girls can extract their cores, can a mental contract be signed without a ritual? The MC's answer was, "Since the last century, all the Mecca girls born have had mental shackles. A mental contract without a mental ritual and the approval of the star god is a failure. Even if you drain all the pilots's blood, it is impossible to succeed. This also minimizes the harm that some hypocritical scoundrels might inflict on the Mecca girls. For example, why can the star god's blessing heal Shings injuries?" He didn't recall that the star god's blessing had this effect. Otherwise, the queen would have told him long ago. The MC's answer was also ambiguous. The general idea is that spiritual covenants and blessings strengthened the connection with the star gods. The combination of these two factors made the connection between the star god and starream clearer, allowing the star god to use more power to help starream solve some problems. Therefore, helping Star Dream recover from her injuries during the blessing ceremony became a natural thing for the star god. When the Mecca girl won the world championship and received the ultimate blessing, her connection with the star god was almost at its peak. That's why the star god was able to fully utilize divine power to achieve even seemingly fantastical conditions such as granting immortality to the pilot and the mecha girl. But this is indeed true. The MC cited several examples of drivers who had achieved immortality. This year's World League Association president, Linny Fang, is an immortal being in the champion of the previous world championship. At the entrance of the machinery maintenance association, Such Chin watched the girl skipping and hopping ahead, clearly in a good mood, while still pondering the information provided by the MC. Mecca girls have a lifespan, but compared to the human lifespan of less than a hundred years, most Mecca girls can live for over a thousand years. But eventually, their lifespan will come to an end. If he wants to be with Shing Ming forever, he has to become a world champion. He took Shing to the track before. His ultimate goal was just to stand up for her and help her overcome her psychological trauma. But in reality, his passion for the track was not as great as his love for car modification. He was a rational person to begin with. His rationality made him less comfortable with the feeling of adrenaline rushing and oxygen deprivation on the track. But now his thinking has changed. He wants to become world class. He wants to fulfill Shings wish. He wants to live forever with Shing Ming. The hand of God, the eye of God, the heart of God, and the modification knowledge in my mind that transcends this era. Suchin muttered to himself, clenching his fists. He worried that his skills were not good enough, but the heart of God would make up for it. He was worried that Shings performance wouldn't keep up, but his modification, knowledge, and expert skills would allow Shing Ming to grow rapidly. He was worried about not knowing his opponent's true strength, but the information obtained by the eye of God allowed him to see through everything. He already possesses all the qualities to become a world champion. Although the journey may not be smooth sailing, becoming a world champion is by no means an unattainable dream. Since you've already transmigrated, don't think of yourself as a lazy bum. Suchin gave a self-deprecating laugh. In his previous life, he was too lazy, and that's why he resigned from a top club. If he hadn't resigned, that top driver probably wouldn't have been murdered. In this life, for Shing Ming's sake, and for his own sake, he can no longer be a lazy bum. Master Shing Ming, who was walking ahead, turned around and waved to him with a smile. What are you babbling about? Hurry up, Meow. Queen said, "We're having a big meal tonight, so we should go back early." Okay, Suchin replied and quickened his pace to catch up with a subtle and complete shift in mindset. The gears of fate begin to turn at this moment. A top modifier from another world will declare war on all the top drivers and top Mecca girls in the Mecca girl era, aiming for worldclass status. You want to know if there are any open tournaments recently? At the dinner table, Queen looked at Such Chin with surprise. She glanced at Shing Ming, who was happily devouring a chicken leg in her right hand and a handful of fries in her left, and frowned. There's a city racing championship in half a month on August 1st. Only the top three finishers from all the city championships are eligible to participate, but Shing Mings condition probably means she won't be able to continue competing for at least a month, right? Suchin glanced at the status on the star dream panel and replied just now at the machine protection association. The star god's blessing not only healed Shings injuries but now Shings condition is also fully restored. Previously she looked haggarded, unable to participate, but now she's full of energy suitable to participate. The Mecca girl's condition declines after each competition depending on the intensity of the competition. Just like human athletes cannot participate in multiple competitions in a short period of time, Mecca girls also need maintenance and rest. For serious injuries like Shingmings during the city championships, including treatment and rehabilitation, it's basically impossible to participate in competitions for a month. So later on, famous pilots were accompanied by more than one Mecca girl because the intensity of the competition is getting higher and higher. A Mecca girl who has participated in event A is no longer able to participate in event B. Another Mecca girl is needed to take over so as not to affect the accumulation of competition points for that year. Generally speaking, having three female Mecca is enough for a pilot to compete at the world level. Of course, some Neuvo Ree like to surround themselves with a large group of women. However, ambitious and driven female Mecca girls would not accept such a neuvo ree pilot. Pilots have limited energy and the more Mecca girls there are, the less care and resources they can allocate. Compared to this kind of driver who is just a nuvo ree with money. Mecca girls tend to choose pilots who have potential and are not promiscuous. Are you sure? This was the first time queen had heard that the star god's blessing could restore a Mecca girl to her original state. But seeing that Shings injuries had healed, she believed it to some extent. I'll bring the equipment to check Shing later. If the test is fine, you can participate in the City Car King Championship in early August. She had barely finished speaking when she abruptly changed the subject. The City Car King competition is full of experts. Be careful you don't get beaten to a pulp. Suchin wasn't bothered by this setback and nodded with a smile. The main thing is to experience it. Only when experts spark can you learn new things. He takes a relaxed attitude towards the competition results and is not eager for quick success. After all, he and Shing Ming had decades of opportunities together. It doesn't matter if we have a few years to accumulate strength. H you have quite the attitude. Queen pouted, but a hint of gloom flickered in her eyes. Tomorrow well be facing the night's voice modification team. How about it? Are you scared? Afraid? Suchin was stunned. He's China's top car modification engineer. What's he afraid of? His only problem is that he has no qualifications or certifications in this world. But he has real skills. As long as the modifiers at Night's Voice still have some self-respect, and as long as they rely solely on their modding skills, he can utterly crush these master modifiers. I just want to ask you something. Suchin wiped his mouth with a wet wipe. Are the modifiers in your night voice modification team thick-skinned? It took the queen a while to understand what Suchin meant. She smiled gently, reassuring Suchin. They are all masters, and any one of them is more than twice your age. They would never do anything to bully the younger ones. As long as your theory can convince them, that will be fine. Then there's no problem. Suchin nodded. In the custom car modification industry, older people are certainly more experienced. However, we still adhere to the basic principle that those who have achieved success are our teachers. He feared that the world's car mechanics were a bunch of arrogant and conceited individuals. This kind of situation is very difficult to handle. After all, those who commit the sin of arrogance generally share a common trait, deaf and blind. Chapter 61. night modification team. The next day, I had a simple breakfast that Queen made herself, Such Chin and Shing Mang took Queen's helicopter to the headquarters of the Voice of the Night. Queen remained tense the entire way. Suchin wasn't nervous. She was already nervous for him. Jessica, on the other hand, looked on with amusement. The day before yesterday, she relayed Queen's words to the modification team. The team leader, Master James, was stunned for a while and then laughed in anger. He slammed his fist on the table and cursed that it was nonsense, saying that a black market modification mechanic without even a modification certificate actually wanted to compete with their master team. Was he crazy? However, they are now under Mrs. orders to take charge of the queen's modifications. Therefore, it is necessary to resolve Queen's doubts and prevent her from being misled by such unorthodox modifiers. This was also to encourage queen to accept the modifications more willingly. So they decided to take some precious time to confront this arrogant unlicensed modifier. Let him know that the porcelain of the voice of the night is not something anyone can touch. 10:00 a.m. The sound of the night is a conference room decorated in a luxurious yet solemn style. All the modifiers from the queen modification team were already seated at the long conference table. They were all dressed in custom car mechanic uniforms bearing the Black Voice logo, and the youngest among them was over 40 years old. Almost every custom car mechanic wore more than five medals on their chest, all earned from participating in various prestigious custom car competitions, symbolizing their status and skill. Mr. James, I don't understand why we're making such a fuss. He's just an insignificant nobody. One of the modifiers complained to James, who was sitting in the first seat. I was planning to go fishing on my yacht today, but now I have to attend this ridiculous meeting. Even sending one of our apprentices would have been enough to teach that arrogant brat a lesson. James adjusted his white gloves and said slowly, "Do you think Miss doesn't know about this? We're sitting here to tell Miss and to tell Queen that we are serious and responsible about Queen's modifications and that we won't allow anyone to interfere. It's precisely because of this difference in attitude that I'm in charge while you're just the modifiers in the team. Upon hearing this, everyone looked at each other in bewilderment and fell silent. They are a modification team recruited by Night Voice and named Knight. They are paid very well and their work is very easy. Currently, they are only responsible for queen. They only need to work when queen is being modified. The rest of the time they can play. Aside from the voice of the knight, they probably couldn't find a more comfortable job. James's words make sense. Attitude is very important. If you are negligent in your attitude, you're not far from being fired. Mr. James, Queen has arrived. An apprentice knocked on the door and gave a reminder. James nodded, gesturing for everyone to be quiet. The modifiers of the night team were all looking at the door. They heard the increasingly loud clicking of high heels and then they saw Queen wearing a long black dress walking with a young man. Behind the young man was a catgirl type Mecca girl. Is this the modifier Queen was talking about? Is he really that young? So arrogant? They haven't even grown their first hairs yet, and they're already challenging the Knights voice modifier team. They're sick in the head. The modifiers from the Knight team couldn't help but grumble inwardly as they looked at Suchin. Although they tried to maintain a basic level of decorum and calm, contempt, and disdain still surfaced in their various micro expressions. Suchin also curiously observed this group of modifiers. Middle-aged uncles, old men, old men, they're all old men. I'm speechless. At my age, my understanding of car modification is still like that of a child. So what was the point of living for so many decades? He tried to maintain a calm and humble demeanor, but his silence and disdain still emanated from his eyes. Two groups of modests, representing the T1 and T0 levels of their respective worlds, are staring at each other across the cultural and knowledge differences between the two worlds. Queen took in the night team's disdain and contempt for Suchin. Her aura grew even colder, her slightly fured brows exuding a chill, and her sharp gaze swept across the conference hall like knives. However, the way she kept tightening and loosening her fingers betrayed her inner tention. Queen was starting to regret it. She shouldn't have dragged Suchin into this conflict for her own sake. It's hard to imagine how much grievance and setback Suchin will suffer here today. Now that Mr. Suchin is here, let's get started. James sitting at the head of the table cleared his throat and looked at Suchin. He just wanted to end this farce as soon as possible. Mr. Suchin, everyone here is a master among car modifiers. Car modifiers are divided into six levels, D, C, B, A, S, and X. The lowest level here is A-level car modifier. What I want to say is that if you want to discuss the modification of Queen with us, you must first demonstrate the ability that an A-level car modifier should have. Queen's eyes narrowed. Suchin didn't even have a modification technician certificate. Where was he supposed to prove that he was an A-level? Besides, could Suchin be an A-level car modification technician? an A-level car modification technician wouldn't have no business in his shop. What she cared about was Such Chen's respect and understanding of her. She believed that Such Chen's theory on modification was more advanced. As for the technology, although she thought highly of Suchin, she wasn't that arrogant. Gradea, that requires decades of experience and more importantly, innate talent. Just as she was pondering how to say a few words in Such Chen's defense, Suchin took two steps forward, looking directly at James at the head of the table, and said loudly, "What kind of skills do you need me to demonstrate? Is it modification experience, modification techniques, modification theory, or is it an understanding of the vehicle's infotainment system?" James paused for a moment, then laughed, a laugh tinged with helplessness and absurdity. From Such Chen's question, he could already tell that Such Chen was an outsider who knew nothing. He might not even be a car modification mechanic. The queen is still too naive. It looks deserted, but it's actually very easy to fool. But this is good. Their night team will let Queen see it today. Who is truly professional and more trustworthy? It's not that complicated. He leaned back in his chair and shrugged. C and D-LE modifiers don't have the ability to create modification course. They can only see the vague attributes of the modification course. The difference between B-level and above modifiers lies in their ability to see the attributes of the modification core more clearly, accurately determine the category and function of the basic modification module, and have a higher success rate in synthesizing modification cores of different levels. For example, an S-class modifier can clearly see the attributes of the modification core, perfectly determine the type of the basic module, and make a preliminary assessment of the approximate attribute improvement of the basic module. The accuracy rate is less than 20% different from machine detection, and the success rate of creating blue modification cores is over 60%. And they can even create gold modification cores. He knew that Suchin didn't understand anything. So he explained it in great detail while also observing Such Chen's expression. To his surprise, Suchin remained calm and showed no sign of panic. So he leaned forward, staring into Such Chen's eyes, and said solemnly, "We will provide 10 sets of materials. If you can make a blue modification core from these 10 sets of materials, we will acknowledge that you have the skills of an A-level modifier. Then you can explain to us your understanding of the queen modification project. Chapter 62. From arrogance to obsequiousness. One document is enough. Suchin held up one finger. James was stunned and the other modifiers expressions changed as well. But then someone burst out laughing. Arrogant. But this is the first time I've ever seen someone so ridiculously arrogant. Is he trying to say that the probability of him creating a blue modification core is 100%. Don't say that. He probably doesn't even know how to make it. James wanted to laugh, too. But he is not only in charge, but also an S-class modifier. He can't laugh. He has to be serious. Ahem, quiet. He silenced all the modifiers and ordered his apprentices to fetch the materials. Although Such Chin said one set of materials would be enough, he still asked his apprentice to bring 10 sets. 10 sets of materials couldn't produce a blue modification core. Then Queen should see this clearly, too. The night team prepared a workbench for Suchin, and soon 10 sets of materials were laid out on the workbench, all of which were basic modification modules. Suchin stood in front of the workbench, put on gloves, and pretended to be preparing. As Queen watched Such Chen's retreating figure and heard the faint sounds of mockery and ridicule, she felt both guilty and heartbroken. Suddenly, she felt her hand being held. And when she turned her head, she saw Shing Ming looking at her with concern. Sister Queen, don't worry. I believe Nasta wouldn't do anything unprepared. Shing Ming also looked at the man standing in front of the workbench. He was much younger than all the other modifiers in the conference room. But only he could give her a sense of security. I know Moss. He wouldn't make a promise easily if he wasn't sure. The fact that he's already standing here means he's considered the storms that are about to come. What we need to do now is trust him. Meow. After listening to Shings words, the queen's tension and worry gradually subsided. She clenched her fists, her gaze fixed on Such Chen's retreating figure, her eyes growing increasingly resolute. "Okay, I believe him." For Such Chin, using basic modification modules to create the core of the modification is to process pre-cooked dishes. For example, to make a brazed pork rice bowl, you only need to heat up the prepackaged brazed pork, open the bag, and pour it on top of the rice. That's how you make a brazed pork rice bowl. Isn't that something even a fool could do? He didn't understand why such a simple thing would have a success rate. His modifications to Shing involved a complete material selection and modification process with extremely high accuracy. The modified core attributes are all top-notch in every aspect. He casually picked up a blue engine modification module and a blue weight reduction modification module from the materials. This is an engine modification module. It will improve the speed and burst attributes of the modification core while reducing some stability and range. The speed and burst range will be 7 to 8 and 3 to four respectively. However, due to its average quality, it will be greatly affected by other modification modules. Suchin held the engine modification module and faced James. As soon as he finished speaking, the murmurss in the entire conference room came to an abrupt halt. The contempt and casualness on James's face vanished, replaced by astonishment and shock. Such Chin is absolutely right. He could see the attributes and modification direction of this basic modification module which were almost identical to what Suchin had said. But he didn't understand what Suchin meant by poor quality. What does it mean that it is significantly affected by other modified modules? Isn't the quality of this modification module blue? What other qualities could it possibly have? Little did he know that in Such Chen's eyes, blue was merely the basic quality of the modification module and the modification core. Beyond this basic quality, there are further distinctions between poor, average, good, excellent, and perfect. All 10 documents in front of me are of medium or poor quality. Not a single one is good. Pre-made food is just pre-made food, Suchin thought dismissively. No matter how perfectly packaged a pre-made meal is, it can't compare to a five-star chef cooking it himself. Then, what about the other basic module you have? James asked. He wondered if Suchin had just stumbled upon the answer by sheer luck and that he had simply guessed correctly by chance. This is a basic weight reduction module mainly for chassis weight reduction and the quality is very poor. Suchin played with another basic module and said slowly the attribute is to increase speed, reduce stability and cornering performance. The speed increase is about four to five and it is also greatly affected by other modification modules. That's right again. James's expression hardened. He no longer dared to underestimate Suchin. This young man is really something. I'd like to ask you a question. He stroked his watch, considering his words carefully. What do you mean by significantly affected by other modified modules? How did you determine that? Oh. Suchin's lips curled up in a smile, and he said helplessly. So, none of you knew. I thought the top-notch modification team should know this. He shrugged, mimicking James's earlier gesture. He let me give you an example. Suppose the attribute of basic module A is to increase speed and the attribute of basic module B is to improve cornering. These two are greatly affected by other modules which will cause the final speed and cornering attributes of the modification core they synthesize to not reach the expected level while their negative effects are very likely to exceed expectations. Oh, I see. James pushed up his glasses and pondered. We encounter the same situation when we modify our equipment, but we treat it as a probabilistic loss of attributes, which is a very normal occurrence. Occasionally, there may be instances where attribute loss is minimal or non-existent, but the cause of this has not yet been determined. Furthermore, if A is a purple quality module and B is a blue quality module, they will eventually be combined to form a blue modification core. Generally the attributes of module B are inherited into the modification core without any loss but module A will lose most of them. Without considering costs we would use this method to enhance the attributes of the modified core product. However, this combination will significantly reduce the success rate of synthesizing the core. James has already started exchanging ideas with Such Chin, treating him as a true car mechanic. The other modifiers in the conference room all look serious and were taking notes diligently. James is an S-class tuning master and any experience he has is a valuable asset to them. Suchin observed the group of modifiers attitude from arrogance to obsequiousness and chuckled inwardly. What could be the reason? It's simply that they happened to get their hands on a highquality basic modification module. The blue quality modification core created by combining purple and blue basic modules relies entirely on the higher quality of the purple modules to preserve the attributes of the blue modules. The downside is that it sacrifices most of the attributes of the purple modules. It seems impressive, but in reality it's not worth the effort. Looking at these modifiers working diligently, he felt only sorrow. I feel sorry for the modders of this world and for the pilots and mecha girls of this era. These modification engineers are, to put it bluntly, just a group of pre-made food processors. All they know is how to make pre-made meals a little more delicious by combining them with pre-made meal kits. They don't know anything about cooking, and they know nothing about modifications. They were just a bunch of arrogant outsiders. Suchin felt bored and disappointed. He had initially held some expectations for today's debate. However, discussing with these modifiers didn't feel like a battle of equals or a clash of titans at all. He had given up hope of persuading these modifiers. A group of guys who don't understand modification, their thinking is only superficial. It can't even be called modification. It should be called patchwork. It's like a weapons engineer from the firearms age explaining airplanes and cannons to a weapons expert from the Iron Age. That's like talking to a brick wall. He said that discussing technical details would be like talking to a brick wall because they simply wouldn't understand. However, the necessary efforts still need to be made. Suchin merged the two basic modification modules in front of James and all the modifiers. In less than 10 seconds, he created a blue modification core. The Rubik's cube-shaped modification core slowly rotated in his hand. The pale blue light reflected in his indifferent eyes like a dancing flame. Everyone stared in disbelief at the scene. Is it really possible to make it with just one ingredient? And the production speed was so fast. The air seemed to freeze at that moment. The entire conference hall was so quiet you could hear a pin drop. Chapter 63. Deeply rooted. Normally, it takes 2 to three hours to make a modification core. During this time, the modifier needs to continuously transfer energy to the base modules to promote their fusion. This is precisely why it is difficult to increase the production of modified cores. Some modifiers may not be able to synthesize a single modification core even after a whole day of work. And a single modification core may require the consumption of several or even a dozen sets of materials. Which is why the price of modification cores remains high. But what did they see? A modified core was perfectly produced in less than 10 seconds. "Mr. Sue, Mr. Suchin," James said with difficulty, unaware that his voice was trembling. "Could you please make another modified core?" "I'd like." Without a second thought, Suchin casually picked up three basic modules and crafted a modified core. This time, it took a little longer, but still less than half a minute. As Suchin slowly rotated the modification core in his left and right hands, a series of gasps of astonishment filled the conference room. "So, am I now qualified to discuss the queen's modification plans with you?" Suchin casually tossed the two blue modified cores onto the table. He couldn't be bothered to touch these pre-cooked dishes. They were complete garbage. Yes, you are fully qualified to discuss the queen's modification plan with us. James agreed immediately. He didn't know what Such Chen's situation was. However, based on the qualities Suchin has shown so far, he is at least A level. Whether it's S-class or not depends on whether Suchin can create purple and gold modification cores. The claim that they don't have certificates is probably an intelligence issue. How could an A-level modifier not have a certificate? As for why Suchin is so young, it can only be attributed to his extraordinary talent. After all, the strength of a modest main ability depends on their innate awakening. Although they can improve their abilities through training, the improvement is very limited, and the upper limit is already fixed with almost no possibility of further breakthroughs. Queen, did you see that? Shiming put her hands on her hips, raised her chin, and said proudly, "I told you Moss would definitely be fine." and meow. In fact, she wasn't sure if Suchin would definitely gain the approval of these old men. After all, people tend to become stubborn as they get older, and these are the so-called masters. She simply trusted Suchin. That's what a spiritual contract is like. Even if Suchin said he could pluck the stars from the sky, she would believe him. They don't consider whether the feasibility of this matter is actually real. The queen didn't speak but clenched her fists to calm her heartbeat and breathing. She rarely praises people because there are very few people who can truly win her heart. She thought that today's confrontation between Such Chen and the Night Modifiers team was just her feudal struggle. Unexpectedly, Such Chen actually fought for a glimmer of hope for her. A projector screen was lowered in the center of the conference hall, displaying a PowerPoint presentation based on the Queen's renovation plan. James explained the entire plan to Suchin, even sounding somewhat smug. Mr. Suchin, as you can see, there are no problems with our modification plan. In order to transform Queen into a powerful and perfect Mecca girl, our night team can be said to have gone all out, and the voice of the knight is also sparing no expense in investing various resources in Queen. Suchin had already seen the modification plan. Watching it again still gives me the nausea of eating gutter oil. The seemingly glamorous and comprehensive renovation turned out to be nothing more than mindless piling on of materials, which is exactly the thought process of pre-made food processors. So, what do you think of our modification plan? Do you have any questions? Suchin took a deep breath. He really wanted to say that their modification plan was a pile of maggotinfested [ __ ] but he held back. If you want to negotiate, it's best not to provoke the other party. We need to talk calmly and rationally to secure more rights for the queen. I don't quite agree with your modification plan. Suchin shook his head. Oh. James raised an eyebrow. Tell me your reasons. Queen is a Thunder Starburst type Mecca girl. Your modifications emphasize comprehensiveness but completely obliterate Queen's individuality. Suchin said calmly. Your modification plan should focus on improving queen's speed and burst damage and improving other attributes while taking speed and burst damage into account instead of trying to have every attribute. If you modify it according to my instructions, Queen's burst speed and speed should have already exceeded 100. This is the only way to fully realize her potential. In the conference room, the modifiers looked at each other, their eyes filled with disapproval and confusion. Queen, however, stared at Such Chen's retreating figure with sparkling eyes. That's right. This is what she wanted. Extreme speed and explosiveness. The freedom to rush forward without having to think about anything else. The unbridled feeling of the wind howling around you. When did I start to forget? She felt like she had forgotten a lot of things. Some things that are inherent in one's bloodline. James frowned deeply, pondered for a long time, and then slowly said, "Mr. Suchin, I don't understand your thoughts. Regardless of what type of Mecca girl queen is, it's always better to focus on improving all attributes rather than specializing in just two. Specializing in only two attributes is unbalanced. That doesn't make a perfect Mecca girl. What Miss wants us to build is a perfect Mecca girl. In game terms, a hexagonal warrior with no weaknesses. That's the goal of our night modification team. Therefore, we have temporarily sacrificed Queen's burst damage and speed, but we will make up for it later through modifications. Ultimately, this ensures that all of her performance is at an exceptionally high level. James and the Night Mod's goals are easy to understand. Suchin could understand as well. They just want a top student who gets straight A's in all subjects. However, due to the nature of the modification, while increasing attribute A, other attributes will decrease. This also aligns with the modification characteristics of various racing cars in the past. A car with top-notch straight line acceleration will inevitably have the disadvantages of poor cornering handling, simplistic aerodynamics, and unbalanced weight distribution. On the other hand, a muscle car, while possessing strong power and stability, will have the defects of cumbersome handling, significant body roll when cornering, and insufficient steering precision. While they were forcing Queen to become an all-around excellent student. However, this overlooked and negated Queen's potential to break through to the extreme in terms of explosiveness and speed, directly guaranteeing her a place in the top brands. Which has a better future? Being good at everything or being extremely specialized. Without a doubt, it is the latter. Only by focusing on one point can one reach the pinnacle. There are no perfect racing cars in the world. Only perfect racing cars and perfect drivers. The purpose of a driver is to become one with the race car, taking advantage of each other's strengths and compensating for each other's weaknesses. The shortcomings of a race car are compensated for by the driver's skillful maneuvering. The advantages of racing cars are also continuously amplified by the drivers. This is real racing. Unfortunately, the modifiers in these night mods groups simply don't understand. Or rather, many of the drivers and modifiers in this world and even the Mecca girls themselves don't understand it. A comprehensive upgrade. This may already be a deeply ingrained idea. Chapter 64, 3 months, part two. Since you want a well-rounded and excellent Mecca girl, why not choose one with the star power of radiance? Suchin tried his best to keep his tone calm. When a Mecca girl advances, not all attributes increase by a little. For example, speedtype Mecca girls tend to increase their speed attribute. Only Mecca girls with radiant star emblems like Star Dream have slightly improved all five attributes. Because the Radiant Star Emblem Mecca girls are in a support position in the team, their future awakened special abilities are also geared towards support roles. James shrugged and said matterofactly, "These kinds of Mecca girls are almost never going to be the center position. The center position has to be occupied by the flame star power or the thunder star power. Their awakened special skills are also for the purpose of grabbing the center position." Suchen's lips twitched. have to. There's actually a hierarchy of disdain for Mecca girls in this world. It's like how the carry in a game looks down on the support, right? Have you considered that the reason Queen can't start right now might be because your modification plan is inappropriate? Absolutely impossible. James rejected the idea outright, saying firmly, "We've encountered many situations like queens. As long as we raise all the attributes to near balance later on, it will naturally activate. So, please rest assured on this point. In short, our modification plan aligns with current trends and is perfectly acceptable. Speaking of which, Such Chin had already seen the problem with these modifiers. Arrogance is present. After he demonstrated his strength, this arrogance has been hidden. But in addition to arrogance, there is also stubbornness and headstrongness. Even after he demonstrated his skills, these modifiers remain stubborn. Like an old feudalist nailed to a coffin, completely impervious to reason. Suchin could understand. When old ideas are fully formed and become a trend, they cannot accept or tolerate the emergence of new ideas. Only when the impact of new ideas is fierce enough to tear them apart will these withered souls slowly awaken. It's impossible for these trends setting modification masters to listen to him just by raising his arms and giving orders. He doesn't have any intelligence lowering aura. Suchin sighed feeling a deep sense of powerlessness. If I want to participate in the queen's modification project, what conditions do I need to meet? Suchin asked trying to persuade her gently. If you continue like this, you will completely destroy the queen's characteristics and the queen will be ruined. Nonsense. James's loud voice was already tinged with anger. Mr. Such Chan, you may be a genius, and I respect and treat you with the respect due to a genius, but that doesn't mean you can arbitrarily humiliate the modification plan created by our night team. Queen will not be ruined. She will become a perfect Mecca girl. He loosened his tie, took a breath, and lowered his voice. As for participating in Queen's modification program, you must at least present your class A modifier certificate and be recognized by the Night Voice Group. At the very least, our night team has no authority to let you join. Suchin rubbed his temples helplessly. The tiger tried to eat the sky, but couldn't find a way to do so. He had considered having them provide the gold modules and he would directly handcraft the gold modification cores or even better platinum or diamond modification cores to showcase his greater value. But he wasn't sure and the move was too risky. He had only been in this world for a short time and had no background whatsoever. What if he gets arrested, detained, and tied to an electric chair and they shock him instead of refining his core? just as he was pondering whether there were any other options. Jessica suddenly appeared at the door of the conference room and knocked. Silence misses here. The air in the conference room seemed to freeze the moment Jessica finished speaking. All the arguments and all the heated glances came to an abrupt end. The modifiers, including James, who had just been arguing and even angry, seemed to have been put on pause. Their bodies tensed up instinctively and their eyes involuntarily drifted toward the door with the sound of high heels. A tall woman entered through the door wearing a beige bespoke suit. She had thin lips, a straight nose, and almond-shaped eyes that showed no emotion. This woman was only of above average appearance, but she possessed a unique aura. Just standing in front of her makes me feel psychologically pressured. He looked at the woman who had stopped in front of him. Suchin knew that this was the mysterious young lady from the voice of the night group. He is also Queen's future driver. My name is Chin Xen, the ace driver of the black knight groups T1 team. Chin Xen carefully examined Such Chun for a few moments before continuing. Green is not my first Mecca girl, but rather the third Mecca girl I plan to join as a substitute when the other Mecca girls are not in good condition. I heard your discussion earlier. Mr. Suchin, you are very talented, but I want to tell you clearly that my first two Mecca girls were modified by the night team and they are both very versatile. I believe that if they can do it, Queen can definitely do it too. Don't you think? Sheen Xen has the air of a rich young lady. That air of nobility was cultivated from years of holding a high position and living a life of luxury. James and the night team's modifiers didn't dare to speak or even look Chin Xen in the eye. But Suchin didn't care. He has met too many important people. Some even have to beg him to modify their cars. Therefore, he was able to look Shin Xen in the eye with either arrogance nor civility. To be honest, Knight's modification team's modification plan is a piece of crap. He stopped pretending. He laid his cards on the table. Since the old-fashioned person was so stubborn, he couldn't be bothered to maintain any semblance of civility. James was so angry that his face turned red, but he pointed at Suchin without daring to utter a word. All the modifiers around him glared angrily at Suchin. In the quiet room, only the sound of high heels moving could be heard. Queen took a small step towards Suchin. Shing Ming had already run up to Such Chin, spreading her arms like a mother hand protecting her chicks, shielding Suchin behind her, her fierce eyes staring at the surrounding modifiers, bearing her teeth and twitching her cat ears as if she was about to bite someone at any moment. Although it has no deterrent effect whatsoever. It seems Queen is quite worried about you. Chin Xen noticed a barely perceptible concern and panic on Queen's face. She looked at Suchin with a surprised expression, a slight smile playing on her lips. Kuan is a very unique Mecca girl with unique performance and a unique personality. There are very few people who can catch her eye, but they are definitely not ordinary people. Take me for example. I'm an S-class driver. Gene Xin smiled somewhat narcissistically. Queen probably signed the agreement with the voice of the night group because she saw that I was extraordinary. What I want to say is Chin Xi and paused. Since Queen has recognized your talent in the field of modification, it means you are no ordinary person. Therefore, I am willing to give you a chance. I've reviewed your information. You don't have a car modification technician certificate yet. So, if you can obtain an A-level car modification technician certificate within 3 months and Queen is willing to work with you, would you like to take her with you? How about it? The conference hall fell silent again and James and the other modifiers stared at Chin Xen with incredulous looks. Jessica opened her mouth. She roughly understood what her mistress meant by doing this. But was Suchin worth all that her mistress was going to do. That's Queen. They poured so many resources into Queen. She was handpicked by the young lady. She's a top tier Mecca girl with immense potential. Is Such Chin really that special? 3 months. Suchin frowned slightly. There's no such thing as a free lunch. He had learned before that to get a car modification technician certificate, you need to have enough time to study. Just like how it's generally impossible to skip from elementary school to junior high. And from junior high to senior high, one can only skip up one or two grades at most, assuming excellent grades. So no matter what, he will have to take at least three years of classes. You still have to go through a series of exams. Where can you take 3 months to get certified? Moreover, obtaining a modification technician certification is not a one-step process. The exam starts with D, and you can only take C after you've passed that, and so on, gradually moving up the ranks. That would take far too much time. Chin Xen noticed the confusion in Such Chen's eyes and explained, "You have just demonstrated the basic abilities that an A-level modifier should have. Through the connections of Night Voice, we can immediately get you a D-Level modifier certificate. In addition, the modifier promotion assessment, which is usually held once a year, will be open for you once a month. In this way, you can reach a level in just 3 months. This is the limit that our voice of the night group can achieve. The technician assessment is officially managed and 3 months is the shortest time we can negotiate for you. Of course, she changed the subject. If you don't get your class A license within 3 months, I'd like you to join our night voice modification team. Of course, you can no longer interfere with Queen's modification plans. I appreciate talent and our voice of the night desperately needs someone like you. Compared to a fully rounded top to mecha girl, your presence brings far more possibilities to voice of the night. I hope you'll seriously consider my offer. The true intentions were revealed and Suchin gave Chin Xen a deep look. As expected of the young lady of the voice of the night, her demeanor is truly exceptional. When he first saw Chin Xen come in, he thought he would be kicked out immediately. Chin Xen certainly wouldn't want to change Queen's modification plan. nor would he be foolish enough to give him the queen contract. Her purpose in doing this was to use queen as bait to recruit him into the knight team and make him work for the voice of the knight. The fact that they've given a 3-month limit and are using queen as bait suggests that there must be an extremely high level of difficulty involved. The assessment is probably not as simple as it seems and many conditions need to be met. But Such Chen's gaze involuntarily turned to Queen. As if by telepathy, Queen's deep eyes were also looking at him. The moment their eyes met, time seemed to stand still. In that instant, he seemed to see in the Queen's gaze a canary trapped in a cage, gazing through the bars at the blue sky that was so close yet so far away. She was silently mourning, struggling desperately, yearning for true freedom. That unwilling, pained yet hopeful look in his eyes deeply shook Such Chen's heart. In his previous life, as the chief racing car modifier, he only knew that racing cars would unleash their full potential when they were in his hands. Racing cars are cold, lifeless objects, emotionless machines. The driver cannot experience the praise the machine gives him. He never imagined that one day a girl who could transform into a race car would look at him with such eyes. The queen is pleading with him for help. She didn't want to wither away in the cage. A surge of indescribable emotion welled up in Such Chen's chest, not entirely because of the help Queen had given him and Shing Ming during this time. Anger, sympathy, or is it the responsibility that a chief customizer shoulder in the face of all this absurdity? 3 months. So what if there are many difficulties? He couldn't just stand by and watch Queen lose her most precious talent. Let him tear apart that cage that confines freedom with his own hands. Good dash. Suchin withdrew his gaze, staring intently at Chin Xen, his voice low and firm. I'll take it. Chapter 65, saying goodbye. Miss, have you made up your mind? Are you really going to take the queen as the reward? Jessica and Shin Xen stood side by side at the conference room window, watching Su Chin and Shing Ming walk towards the manor entrance, still somewhat incredulous. "It's decided," Gene Xian said calmly. "As a veteran employee, you should know how difficult it is to pass the A-level modification engineer exam in 3 months. Almost no one can do it." "What if? If it really comes to that, what's wrong with giving Queen to him?" Chin Xen's eyes darken slightly, a hint of indifference flashing deep within them. I don't need another top tier Mecca girl. Queen is now a junk car. It can't even start. The other two top tier Mecca girls in her possession also experienced periods where they could not be started. The two star emblem Mecca girls like Queen underwent a similar process of averaging attribute enhancement except that the period during which they were unable to activate was very short. Queen is like a stubborn child. No matter what the Knight customizes team does, she stood rooted to the spot, refusing to move an inch. Chin Xen knew that Queen was unwilling to cooperate with Knights modification teams modifications from the bottom of her heart. As for the other two Mecca girls in her possession, in a sense, they probably compromised in the end. Sometimes she really didn't understand. They were just a group of tools. So why were there so many unnecessary emotional entanglements? Why did the drivers even have to accommodate their moods? She didn't have the leisure or the patience for that. Besides Queen, she has other trainy Mecca girls undergoing modifications. Whoever can modify it the first time and whose attributes meet her standards will become her third Mecca girl. Therefore, Queen is dispensable to her. Suchin was able to create two blue modification cores in less than a minute. Although I don't know if there was an element of luck involved, but on this point alone, his value far surpasses that of Queen. Miss, should our team continue modifying the queen? James and the other modifiers exchanged glances and cautiously asked, "Or should we leave Queen alone for the next 3 months?" "Of course, we need to continue modifying it." Gene Xen turned to look at James. Her back to the sunlight casting a shadow on him. You're already considered the top modification team in the country and you still haven't figured out why the Mecca girl can't start during the modification process. Aren't you ashamed? You need more modifications to figure this out. Regardless of whether Suchin is involved or not, the modification of Queen must continue. Even if I don't need any other Mecca girls in the future, will you guys have nothing to do? No. The voice of the night group has many Mecca girls under its agreement, and they are all your modification targets. Understand? I understand. James wiped the sweat from his brow and stared down at his toes. Being with this lady is incredibly stressful, especially those eyes. They were terrifying. I look at everyone as if they were an object. Whether it's the Mecca girls or their assistants, that's all I can do for you. Standing before the iron gate, Queen gazed at Such Chin and Shing Ming. When her gaze fell upon Suchin, a subtle, almost imperceptible tenderness quietly seeped into her usual aloofness. Queen, I have a question. The man's lattice gates slowly closed, separating the two worlds like a cage. Suchin met the queen's gaze through the iron bars. Why did you join the voice of the knight in the first place? Now that they've modified it, so you can't start it, you should have the right to terminate the agreement, shouldn't you? Back then, Queen frowned slightly, her mind filled with only very fragmented and vague memories. She remembered that Shin Xen had told her a lot back then, roughly that the voice of the night would transform her into a topter mecca girl. Thanks to the fame of the voice of the night and the positive reviews from many senior artists, she signed the agreement. The modification planned by the night voice made her very uncomfortable. But apart from that, the night voice did not mistreat her. I guess I was blinded by the glamorous facade of large corporations, Queen said with her eyes smile. The agreement can't be terminated because the voice of the night didn't mistreat the Mecca girls. all their modifications met or even exceeded the standards. However, if I remain unable to start, they will terminate the agreement with me and then I will be free." She looked at Suchin with pure and sincere eyes. "Thank you, even though your modification plan was not accepted. I can feel your concern and care for me. It's not easy to become an A-level modifier in 3 months. So, don't put too much pressure on yourself. You must focus on the upcoming competitions. Isn't Queen coming back with us? Shing Ming gazed at Queen through the railing, her little fists clenching quietly. She used to envy Queen so much. Envy that she could provide Such Chin with a warm home, cook delicious meals, and solve all the problems they encountered. However, when she was by Such Chin's side, she often felt like a burden, unable to help him with anything. She longs to become a powerful Mecca girl like Queen. But today she witnessed firsthand that even someone as powerful as queen couldn't control her own destiny and could only let those modifiers and ladies disgust her like a product. Even now, she felt trapped in a magnificent cage. My envy vanished instantly, leaving only an indescribable bitterness and sorrow in my heart. No, that won't do. Queen shook her head, her voice gentle. I signed an agreement to obey the group's orders. You can continue to stay at my place and take good care of McFlurry. We can contact each other occasionally by phone. She was originally entitled to a month's vacation. However, this vacation was used to arrange a meeting between the night team and Suchin. Therefore, her vacation is over and she will now need to work with the voice of the night. But Moss and I don't have cell phones. Shing Ming suddenly grabbed the railing, tears streaming down her face, and said to the security guards next to her, "Please have mercy." Meow, "Let Queen come with us. We won't kidnap Queen. We won't go abroad. We don't have passports. And if all else fails, you can put a GPS tracker on us." Meow. Security. Suchin. Queen smiled gently and patted Shings head through the railing. Honey, it's not like we'll never see each other again. I'll give you my phone number. We can keep in touch. She borrowed paper and pen from the security guard and neatly wrote down the number. When she handed the note to Suchin, she was also holding a bank card between her fingers. What is this? Suchin was stunned. I don't need money at the company, Queen said without waiting for a reply, shoving the note and bank card into Such Chen's hand. Success requires money to pave the way. Although this isn't much, it's all money I've saved for a very long time. The queen blushed slightly and looked away, seemingly a little embarrassed. But soon, her eyes, which were looking at him, gained a different kind of imposing presence and pride. Such Chin, I am a top Mecca girl, and I am used to a life with abundant resources. If one day I have the chance to become your Mecca girl, but you're still a poor boy, then I won't let you get away with it so easily." After saying that, she turned around and didn't look back. Keep it up. The cool, clear voice drifted in the wind. It also dispersed the inaudible murmurss. Carry your dreams of stars and overcome all obstacles. Go and see the wider sky for me. Chapter 66. Me help. Suchin took Shiming to buy cell phones, one for each of them. My old phone was a cheap knockoff from a street vendor. It was obsolete and often wouldn't turn on. This time, I bought a well-known brand with all the basic functions and will just have to make do. However, he picked out a flagship phone for Shing along with a catprint phone case which perfectly matched Shings style. Moss, does Queen think we don't have enough money? Shing Ming pouted as she held her phone and entered Queen's number into the green bubble, still harboring resentment over what Queen had said earlier. Suchin chuckled to himself. For Queen to say something like that given her personality. Anyone with a modicum of intelligence would know that this is a cover up and a provocation tactic, right? Then would you like Queen to become my Mecca girl? Of course, I hope so. Shing answered without hesitation. Queen is beautiful, virtuous, and performs well, too. If she became Mast's Mecca girl, Master and I would be so unhappy. That was so damn awesome. Suchin touched his nose. He felt he might be overthinking things. Having previously signed a mental contract with Shing Ming, he automatically assumed the role of Shing Ming as his girlfriend. Since Shing Ming is his girlfriend, she should be angry about Queen, right? So, he bought Shing Ming a phone. And while Shing Ming was very happy, he nervously asked her this question. He didn't know what he was feeling uneasy about. He had never felt this way in his previous life. But Shing Ming showed no sign of anger. That makes sense given the high intensity of racing in this world. A pilot can't possibly have only one Mecca girl. For Shing, accepting Queen is a perfectly normal thing. In fact, because she liked Queen so much, she even hoped that Queen would become her partner. Having figured this out, Such Chan immediately breathed a sigh of relief. Shing Ming probably doesn't even understand what liking someone means. He was just being delusional. Queen said that on purpose. If we want her to become our partner, then our task is going to be very difficult. Such Chen's expression was solemn. The competition can't be delayed, and I still need to take the modification technician exam. Suddenly, it went from being a secondhand marketplace to a spinning top. The most urgent task is to understand what preparations are needed before taking the certification exam as well as the specific content of the exam. Suchin had a premonition that the exam content would definitely not be the modification knowledge from his previous life, but some random things that he had never heard of before. Moss, I understand. Shing clenched her cat fist and nodded seriously. We're going to make a lot of money. Meow. Suchin. She doesn't understand anything. Suchin smiled helplessly as he looked at the girl beside him fiddling with her phone. That's fine, too. It's much better for her to stay innocent and cute than for the queen to face all that scheming and rules every day. Aha, Moss. Queen accepted my friend request. Meow. Suchin glanced at it and caught a glimpse of a blooming lotus flower icon out of the corner of his eye. My WeChat name is happy everyday. H a profile picture and WeChat name that feel very disjointed. Shing moved closer to Suchin made a catpaw gesture and took a selfie with her phone in her other hand before sending it to Queen. Ding-dong. The reply came almost instantly. What did Queen say? Suchin asked curiously. Wu Meow. Queen said, "Your nose hairs weren't trimmed properly, and they're sticking out of your nostrils." He poked his nostrils and quickly pressed his nose hairs back in. He thought to himself, "Queen is incredibly observant. Arriving in this world penniless, and with so much going on lately, he's not as refined as before, as if he's returned to his days as a car modification apprentice. Perhaps this is what it means to never forget your original aspiration." Suchin obediently bought a set of tools for trimming nose hairs and beards along with some daily skincare products from the supermarket at the entrance of the residential area. A man can be rough, but he can't be sloppy. I walked to the entrance of the apartment building. He unexpectedly saw two acquaintances. Moss, it's a fried fish dog. Shiming pointed at Yuming, her voice loud. Yuming, who was standing at the entrance of the apartment building looking at people up and down, was startled when he heard the voice. He turned his head and glared at him angrily. The aloofness on her face vanished, replaced by a visibly flushed red. I told you don't call me fried fish dog. Damn it, I have a name. I'm Yu Ming. You as in especially, and Ming as in tomorrow. Meow. Fish fried dog. I understand. Meow. Shing Ming admitted her mistake and corrected it. Okay, fried fish dogs. Suchin nodded, knowingly doing the wrong thing. You son of a [ __ ] Yuming pointed at Suchin, rolling his eyes in anger. It's true that you can't fit two kinds of people into one cockpit. Shing Ming and her driver are birds of a feather. He he master, don't struggle anymore. Zuying patted Yos shoulder with an old-fashioned air. Your reputation for frying fish dogs is already wellnown. At worst, just admit that you fry fish dogs. It's not such a shameful thing. She looked at Shing Ming beside Such Chin, her eyes filled with complex and barely perceptible admiration. We meet again, Star Dream. I hate to admit it, but you're the one for the city championship. Chu Ying gives Shing a thumbs up. Then he changed the subject. However, to be honest, the reason you were able to win was because this track was too ridiculous. Future races won't just have a few curves. I won't give you another chance then. Just wait to be left far behind by me. Yuming was already giving a meaningful look. But the words have already been spoken. After all, these words were provocative and seemed like a stubborn refusal to admit defeat. Yuming Gang wanted to say a few good words to Suchin. Shing Ming nodded nonchalantly. Meow. I'll work hard and try not to be surpassed by you. Shuying looked at Shing Ming in surprise, already prepared to have a fight with her. As a result, Shing Mings humble attitude made her feel a little embarrassed. Anyway, you're still pretty pretty good, aren't you? She blushed slightly, gave a soft snort, and turned her head away, only occasionally glancing in their direction out of the corner of her eye. Am I? I'm saying this to acknowledge you as my rival. Anyway, anyway, good luck. Suchin found the interaction between the two Mecca girls amusing. He then looked at Yum Ming. As a resident of K City in a professional racer for the Northern Wolves Club, why did you suddenly appear in a residential area in Bingo and seemed to be waiting for me here? What do you want with me? Yuming seemed to finally come to his senses and in a flash he rushed in front of Such Chin and warmly shook Such Chen's hand. "Such Chin, help! You have to save the lives of us northern wolves tu." He blinked, trying his best to squeeze out a single tear. Unfortunately, his talent was limited, and after trying for a long time, he could only squeeze out a sticky bit of eye boogers. "You northern wolves tu need my help?" Suchin pointed to himself looking confused. What's wrong with you guys? Chapter 67. The olive branch from the northern wolf. Our northern wolves t2 are so unlucky. Yuming sighed, his face full of gloom. As you know, the provincial championship requires both individual and team points to meet the standards. So, Suchin shook his head. No, I don't know. Yuming. It's okay. you know now he continued our T2 team's points were already a bit tight and then a member left not long ago to become a substitute in T1 so we've been thinking about recruiting a new member recently but recruiting new team members is not easy those who are interested in us are not interested in us and those we are interested in are from other teams we finally found someone we liked but guess what good heavens our club manager actually tried to get his nephew Isn't that just making things difficult for our team? Such Chan understood. It turns out that Yumings convoy was given a nepotism assignment. That's understandable. After all, it's a society based on personal relationships. What do you mean? Is your manager's nephew one of those people with really bad skills? I don't know if he's good or not. I heard he participated in several underground competitions and came in first place each time, but he's never run in an open competition. What's the point of his talent? Yuming sat on a stone stool next to the unit door and sideighed. The key thing is that this guy is really annoying. He's always acting all high and mighty, and he even has dyed his hair yellow. It's so annoying to look at. The boss is almost driven crazy by this. So, Suchin blinked. What does this have to do with me? Of course, it's related. Yuming coughed lightly and said seriously. Do you know who our new team member was before? Have no idea. It's you, Suchin. Oh. Oh. Yuming slapped his thigh, gritting his teeth. What the hell are you owing? Are you a hen? Can't you give a normal reaction? This is Northern Wolves T2's recognition. the biggest club in K city, not some shady club. You understand? Not really. I understand. Seeing that Such Chin was pretending to be crazy, Yuming simply said, "It's like this. The manager is trying to get people into our T2 team, and we can't refuse since he's in charge of recruitment, and this kid can indeed pass all the assessments." We didn't like that blonde kid. So, we said we'd already picked out a reserve player, which was actually you and Shing. Our team leader has the authority to vet new members. So, as long as you can crush that blonde guy, the manager won't be able to put him in our team. Our new team members are you and Shing Ming. Yuming stood up and opened his arms. Suchin. Shing Ming, welcome to our Northern Wolf T2 team family. The convo. It was something quite distant for Suchin. He has never been a very sociable person. It was the same in my past life. He doesn't like other modifiers to be present when he's doing modifications. He always sleeps alone, eats alone, and travels alone. A man went to a nightclub to find a woman. Joining the team meant having a group of teammates, so his first reaction was that he was reluctant. But Rezen told him that if he wanted to integrate into this world and become world class, a racing team was essential because provincial championships are team competitions. One person cannot represent a team and forming one's own club or team is a very troublesome matter. Just thinking about the series of problems he might face gave him a headache. So joining a good racing team might be a good option. Suchin neither refused nor immediately agreed but simply asked. So what are the benefits of joining your Northern Wolves T2 benefits? Isn't becoming a member of the Northern Wolves T2 team a benefit? Yuming asked puzzled. Suchin rolled his eyes, grabbed Shimings hand, and walked around Yuming. Sorry, you're blocking the door. I want to go home. So all the psychological manipulation by capital has been applied to him. They're really courting death. Don't you know that he'll go on strike the moment he gets photoshopped? Hey, don't go. Yuming immediately stopped Such Chin, a fawning smile on his face. I was just joking. How could joining our Northern Wolves not have benefits? First of all, as long as you successfully sign the agreement, the club will cover all the basic materials for your Mecca Girl upgrades. There's also a salary starting at 100,000 per month with additional rewards for winning first, second, and third place in popular tracks. And these rewards don't overlap with those from the competition. In addition, we have our own modification team with various modification cores exclusive to Northern Wolves, which are superior to other modification cores of the same quality on the market. Is there anything else? Suchin asked calmly. As China's top car modification engineer, what kind of awards hasn't he seen? In his previous life, top racing teams paid him $2 million US a month. Regardless of whether there is a modification task or not, the money will be deposited into his account on time. Even with such good treatment, he got tired of the job and quit to lie down. There's there's more. Yuming scratched his head, feeling a bit troubled. Such Chens reaction was completely different from what he had expected. Shouldn't you be especially happy to hear that you can join the Northern Wolves? You know, those amateur racers like Lin Hyun would be overjoyed if a decent club offered them a contract, right? What's wrong with Suchin? But apart from these, it seems there aren't any other benefits to joining the Northern Wolves. Just as Yuming was racking his brains, Zhaoy Yings gaze fell on Such Chin and Shing Mang holding hands. Such Chens large hand almost completely enveloped Shing Mangs fair and delicate hand, and Shing Mang obediently let him hold her hand without any intention of resisting. These two have a special relationship. Looking at Shings clothes, it's obvious that she's wearing a human woman's casual outfit over the original car cover. Zhuing blinked, her eyes darting around, and suddenly said, "Joining the Northern Wolf Club gives you exclusive SnowWolf car covers. They're really beautiful. There are more than 10 styles in the SnowWolf series alone, plus hidden and sexy designs. You simply can't buy them anywhere else. Look, I'm wearing the SnowWolf racing jersey right now." Chasing Shadow twirled in front of Star Dream, showing off. What do you think? Doesn't it look great? Ooh, dash. Ching Ming stared unblinkingly at the racing suit on Zhuings body. The overall color scheme is matte white with two sharp black lines extending from the shoulders to the sides of the torso resembling the outline of a wolf's spine. The waist features a fish scale-like silver carbon fiber texture and a tight- fitting design accentuates the figure. Even someone with a flat chest like Jing appears to have a slender waist and a shapely figure when wearing it. The logo of the Northern Wolves Club is a simple line drawing of a wolf's head on the chest with sharp angles that look very imposing. Great. It looks amazing. Shiming swallowed hard, her eyes wide with delight, as expected of a professionally designed outfit. It's much better looking than the Mecca girl racing suits I saw at Shing Shin Hui Lago. Shing Ming quickly imagined the scene. If she wore this racing suit, she would be the most aloof snow wolf in the far north. Those Mecca girls who stand in her way are her prey. The wolf is hunting. How? Suchin looked at Shing Ming, who was lost in her fantasies, gesturing wildly and meowing, and couldn't help but chuckle. Yuming glanced at Xing speechlessly and said, "It's just a car uniform. What kind of perk is that? It's just a team uniform only with a lot of different styles. Grandma, go rest somewhere else. Don't cause me any trouble. Shuying rolled his eyes, thinking to himself. You don't know anything. Is she making things worse? No, she's clever. She's playing to their liking. Yuming grasped Such Chen's hand again, giving him a sincere smile. Such Chen, our club's benefits are what they are for now. If you have any other ideas, you can talk to our boss. As long as it's not too unreasonable, it's all negotiable. Your SnowWolf series car covers are nice. Suchin leaned close to Yumings ear and said in a serious voice, "If you can send me the sex toys in advance, then I'll consider going to your club to check things out." He took a half step back, staring dumbfounded at Such Chin, who had thick eyebrows, big eyes, and a serious expression. "No, this this is agreement. Just for a sexy car cover. Damn it, you pervert. Chapter 68. Can't we talk properly? Such Chin and Shing Mang went back and cleaned up my Schwanfings litter box and gave it more food and water. They then took a helicopter from the Northern Wolf Club to K City. K City is a small to medium-sized city next to Bingjo. It is smaller than Bingjo, but its level of development is in no way inferior. The office area of Northern Wolf T2. As soon as Suchin walked in, he saw a conspicuous figure, a blonde young man, casually lying on the sofa in the office area with his shoes off, one foot on the armrest and the other on the coffee table. On the sofa opposite him sat a petite female robot who looked very quiet. When she saw the stranger coming in, she immediately lowered her head and moved her buttocks to the corner of the sofa. As he gazed at it, the information about the Mecca girl appeared before his eyes. Name: Cloudpiercer. Star sign storm. Control type. Speed 58. Curve 70. Stable 61. Burst 45. Battery life 37. Modification core siren blue. Stigma none. Current level C++. Special talents none. Frequency 13% driver. Huang Sheruan. Status good. Hidden damage. Evaluation. On a track with many curves and a short course, she is a sharp blade. Yo, Suchin couldn't help but give a thumbs up when he saw the performance of this Mecca girl. Regardless of how strong this blonde guy is, his Mecca girl is pretty good. Especially the 70° cornering ability. It's clear that it adheres to a strategy of focusing on one point to reach the pinnacle, maximizing its strengths. Putting everything else aside, at least the modifications that blond-haired guy put on the Mecca girl are in line with his aesthetic preferences. So, even though the blonde guy didn't look good, he didn't underestimate him. Boss Suchin is here. Yuming opened the door and rushed towards the innermost office. The roar successfully woke up the blond-haired man who was fast asleep on the sofa. He sat up, glanced at Suchin with a cold look in his eyes, and then lay back down. He was only half asleep, so he was clearly not sleeping. Yuming soon brought out a tall, slender woman with dyed blonde hair, but she had dark circles under her eyes and looked very tired. However, when she walked up to Suchin, her eyes opened wide and sparkled. Hi, handsome young man. You must be Such Chin. You look so clean and good-looking. I like kids like you who don't dye their hair and come from honest families. Liini warmly shook Suchin's hand, her face full of joy, but her words were clearly aimed at the blond-haired man lying on the sofa pretending to be asleep. Suchin glanced at Leinis blonde hair, his lips twitched, and he withdrew his hand. I haven't said I want to join yet. I just brought Shing Ming here to take a look. It's okay. Take your time looking around. We northern Wolf T2 have a lot of benefits. We're sure you'll be satisfied. After Liini finished speaking, she saw Yuming winking at her. So, she followed Yuming to a corner and the two of them seemed to be discussing something. Finally, Leini gave Suchin a strange look before leaving in a hurry. Suchin followed Yuming around the office area. The infrastructure here was quite complete with a restaurant, gym, and modification room. The only problem is that there aren't enough people. Where are the other members of your Northern Wolves team? Suchin looked at the several modifiers behind the glass door who are working on the core of the modification and asked, "Isn't the provincial qualifiers not far away? Everyone is training and trying to get enough individual points in the qualifiers." Yuming. We are under a lot of pressure this year. If we can't get into the provincial competition again, T2 will be disbanded by the club. That's why I'm so anxious about the new players. Suchin nodded and then asked. These are the people from your T2 modification team, right? What level of modifiers are they? Yes, 1 A level and 3B level. That's what the club assigned to us, Yuming said with some pride. An A-level modifier is considered a master among modifiers. and there are only a handful in the entire K city. Having a powerful and capable modification team to customize Mecca Girl modification projects is a privilege that can only be enjoyed by joining the club. Moreover, you have to spend a lot of money to buy the modification core outside. We only need to provide basic modification modules to the modifiers. Suchin disagreed with Yumings words. After learning about the general perception of car mechanics in the world, he had already rejected all of them. Anyway, there's no way he let those modifiers modify the star dream. However, joining the Northern Wolves has another advantage. He can use his status as a club member to strike up a conversation with A-level modifiers. Instead of scrambling to gather useless information, directly asking an A-level modifier is undoubtedly the best choice. Ultimately, everyone has to join a club. Because of Yuming, he had a good impression of the Northern Wolves, so why not choose the Northern Wolves? In addition, Shing Ming seems to really like the uniforms of the Northern Wolves team. Such Chin was somewhat tempted. During the conversation, Liini returned. She was holding a box in her hand, and her expression was somewhat mysterious. Mr. Suchin, here is the car cover you requested. She coughed lightly, glanced at Shing Ming, who was clinging to the glass door with her face pressed against it, and said in a low voice, "This car cover is rather special. I strongly advise against Mecca girls wearing it outside. It's only suitable for wearing at home. You should understand why. If you really have a special fetish and insist on Mecca girls wearing it outside, then I suggest finding a secluded place at night." After saying that, she solemnly placed the box into Such Chen's hand. This is our Northern Wolves team sincerity, even though you haven't decided whether you really want to join us. He the blond-haired man on the sofa rolled over and let out a cold laugh. Huang Shuan, you've got a fishbone stuck in your throat. What are you fussing about? Yuming disliked Huang Mao and wouldn't tolerate him, so he directly retorted. A guy who made the Mecca girls suffer so much just to get first place. Is he really worth all your idol worship? It's laughable. The blonde guy stopped pretending to be asleep, sat up, and his cold eyes pierced Such Chen's face like knives. Hey brat, don't think that getting first place in the city championship is anything special. You got it by hurting the Mecca girls. If you run into me, I guarantee you won't even know how you died. Huang Shiruan, shut up. Yuming instantly got angry, pointing at Huang Mao and yelling, "You don't even know the details of what happened. What are you patting yourself on the back for? Are you trying to impress me? You're not even a member of Northern Wolves T2 yet. If you keep talking nonsense, I'll kick you out. TCH. The blondhaired man seemed completely unmoved by the threat. It's a fact that he hurt the Mecca girl. I wonder what kind of spell he cast on her. You [ __ ] can't understand human language, huh? I'll do it. Enough. Enough. A furious roar suddenly exploded, instantly piercing through the entire building. Shut the hell up. Leini's face was gloomy, her hands on her hips, glaring fiercely at Huang Shushuin and Yuming. Where was the sleepy look she had just had? She was now a shrew awakened from her slumber. The entire office area was eerily silent. The chandeliers swayed slightly overhead, and the water in the glass trembled. Such Chen's head was buzzing. Shing Ming frowned and pressed down on her cat ears, banging her forehead against the tempered glass. Yuming stood right next to Leini, bearing the brunt of the impact. He seemed used to it, wiping away the blood flowing from his ear without a care. On the sofa, Juan Shiruan sat with his hands wrapped around his knees, his face pale and stunned for a long time. "Why are you yelling so loudly?" He swallowed hard and mumbled haltingly. "Can't you just speak properly?" Chapter 69. Interesting. Everyone was stunned by the roar. The arrogant blonde guy was no exception. Leini took a deep breath, her emotions gradually calming down, and a gentle smile appeared on her face. "That's right. Let's all talk calmly and rationally instead of always arguing and hurting each other's feelings." "What?" Yuming tilted his head, looked at Leini, and shouted, "Big sister, what did you say? I can't hear you. Can you speak louder?" Leini didn't speak, her smile appearing somewhat forced and insincere. Zuing then expertly took out a tube of cream from her bag and squeezed it into Yums ear and then took out a hearing aid and put it on Yuming. Yuming shook his head, and the tranquil world became colorful again. He chuckled and said, "Oh, I knew it. Turns out my eardrum ruptured again. Ha." Suchin looked at Yuming with a strange expression. The word again is used well. It seems that Yuming has been a successor of the deaf for quite some time now. However, he felt relieved when he thought about how his jawbone had cracked and healed it in one night. With the world's advanced medical technology, a ruptured eardrum is as insignificant as a cut finger. The medicine that Juing just squeezed into Yoing's ear canal was probably the one he usually keeps on hand specifically for repairing eardrums. The recovery period even includes a hearing aid transition. The preparation is quite thorough. This is definitely true love. Once Yuming returned to normal, Li Yini continued, "Wang Shuin and Such Chen, one of you was recommended by the manager and the other is a talent that our team members have their eye on. Both of you meet the recruitment criteria of the Northern Wolf team. However, we don't need any substitutes, nor do we have the resources to add another person. So, ultimately, you two can only choose one to join the team. She pointed to herself. As the captain of T2, I have the right to vet new recruits. The way to use this right is very simple. When there are two reserve members, I will decide who can actually join the team. And this decision needs to be based on sufficient evidence, which means that the two of you will have to decide the winner through a match. If Suchin had heard these words before, he would have already backed out. He doesn't necessarily want to join the Northern Wolf. He can pay for the snow wolf car cover at worst and then just peel off the wolf head logo. I doubt Northern Wolf T2 would care about a car cover that a Mecca girl can only wear at home. But now, because of some of Huang Maos words, he changed his mind. He was a little angry. This anger stems not only from slander and misunderstanding, but also from others denial of Shings efforts. It seems that Shing won the championship entirely because he, the driver, forced her to do so. But in reality, Shing Ming mustered up her courage and fought for it herself. This is Shings glory. She needs no sympathy and will not accept any misinterpretation. All right, Juan Shushuan had recovered from being stunned by Leini's yelling and put on his arrogant look again. I also want to see if this bullying pilot who wins by bullying the Mecca girls can win the championship again on a normal track. In racing, the most important thing is teamwork followed by skill and lastly the performance of the Mecca girl. The extruder girl might win a championship once, but she can't be a champion forever and she can never become a worldclass player. Here we go again. Leini frowned. Some people are just stubborn and have deeply ingrained ideas. Even after reading the news, I still felt there was something fishy going on. Huang Xiun is that kind of person. He adheres to the principle of seeing is believing and hearing is deceiving. But he can't listen to a single word from others. To put it nicely, it means having one's own opinions and being unwavering. To put it bluntly, it's called being extremely self-centered and stubborn. Just as she was about to say something, Suchin raised his hand. Suchin stared at Huang Shuin, his gaze slightly cold. The club is very cautious in recruiting players, especially since Northern Wolves T2 is currently in a critical period. So, I don't think one game is enough to determine who can truly join the team. How about this? He said calmly. Before the provincial championship, there are a total of seven open races, including the city championship, the city car king competition, and five provincial qualifying races. You can accumulate points in all seven races. So, let's see who gets the most points in the end, and whoever has the highest points will be the next team member. After he said that, Li Yini and Yuming, apart from Hang Shushuin, were stunned. Without a doubt, Such Chen's proposed solution was absolutely fair and impartial, and he was able to provide a large amount of accurate comparative data. These comparative data make it immediately clear which of the two players is stronger. However, almost no clubs do this because the cycle is too long. Pilots and Mecca girls also need to think about their future, right? If they are unfortunately eliminated in the end, it would be equivalent to missing the opportunity to compete in the provincial competition this year. Before the provincial competition, almost all the major clubs have already formed their teams, and team competitions require practice and coordination. How can a team be formed temporarily one or two months before the competition? Yuming was stunned because Suchin knew about the later open tournament and the points rules, didn't he? They were just putting on errors before. That damn pervert so wicked. However, he quickly caught up with Leini's train of thought and clearly grasped the risks that Such Chin and Huang Shushuan needed to bear in this duel. He understood that Suchin was truly angry. "Sure, no problem." Huang Shushuan looked Suchin up and down as if he were seeing him in a new light. Putting everything else aside, you're a man even though you're shady. Unlike those cough. Anyway, you've got guts. If you can get a higher final score than me, I'll not only get out of Northern Wolf T2 on my own, but I'll also call you dad. You don't need to call me dad. Suchin shook his head. I don't have a bastard like you. My final score is not as high as yours. You should apologize to Shing Ming properly. Huang Shushuan looked at Shing Ming who was puffing up her cheeks and didn't understand what Suchin meant. Why? Because your words negated her efforts and made her unhappy. Suchin touched Shing Mings flattened ears, which were already sticking to her head. I get angry when she's unhappy. Juan Xien still looked completely bewildered. He didn't understand why Shing Ming was unhappy. Wasn't he standing up for Shing Ming? It must be that Suchin, that villain, has brainwashed Shing Ming too much. Look what he's done to this Mecca girl. How could an organic girl go to such lengths for a city championship? This is completely illogical. With this thought in mind, his gaze towards Suchin grew even colder. Fine, although you can't possibly beat me, I'll make sure you rats know how to cherish your Mecca girls. Huang Shushu sneered. I'll take this boring competition. I'll qualify for the City Car King Championship within a week. I hope you won't regret your impulsiveness and stupidity when you see my results. After saying that, he stood up abruptly without even putting on his shoes and casually threw on his clothes before heading to the door. Shiaoyun, let's go. On the sofa, the Mecca girl, summoned by the blond-haired man, seemed to wake from a dream. She jumped up like an ant on a hot pan, wanting to follow, but noticed that Huang Shushuan wasn't wearing shoes. So he break suddenly again, bent down, and picked up the pair of shoes that were already a bit worn out. As he passed by the crowd, he hurriedly bowed deeply and whispered an apology. Only then did he follow Huang Sheruans figure away in a clattering sound. They seem very busy, but I don't know what they're busy with. Damn it, you blondie. What are you so arrogant about? You think you can beat the city championship in a week? Dream on. Yum. Ming spat. Leini's side rubbed her throbbing temples and felt a wave of drowsiness wash over her. In the office building corridor, sunlight streamed through the windows, casting white squares on the floor. A tall and a short figure moved through the blocks. They walked side by side, and a petite figure had to jog to keep up. She reached out and tugged at the hem of the tall, thin figure's clothes. The person paused and immediately slowed down. Suchin stared at them as they disappeared at the end of the corridor, his eyes slightly narrowed. Interesting. This blonde guy is interesting. Chapter 70. Excessive enthusiasm. Moss. Shing Mings face clearly showed her displeasure. What's wrong? Suchin rubbed her cat-like head and asked with amusement. Are you still angry about what happened earlier? No, I I don't want to be his dad," Shing said, her face full of grievance. "If we win, he'll have to call me dad, but I don't want to lose to them, and I don't want him to call me dad." She sighed and patted her head in distress. "This is too hard. Why does this world have to make things so difficult for me?" Suchin chuckled. "Chingming, you've got it wrong. We beat him, so all we need to do is apologize to you. We don't need to call you dad." gott me. Shing looked at Suchin in confusion, then shook her head vigorously. So if we lose, we have to call him dad. No way. That's too unfair. Moss, why don't you tell him that if we win, he can call me sister? I can accept that. He such wouldn't that still result in a huge loss. However, in the world of Mecca girls, it seems that age is not the only standard for measuring seniority. When Mecca girl A thinks that Mecca girl B is stronger than her, A will call B older sister. For example, Star Dream Club refers to queen as sister queen. But in reality, if we're talking about who came first, Starream might have been born earlier than queen. Therefore, for a Mecca girl, being called older sister should be a very pleasant thing. It's like being called daddy by a friend or rival in a male social relationship. It seems perhaps that it might actually be feasible. Let's talk about it next time I meet Huang Sukun. It's estimated that they won't meet in the Northern Wolves T2 office area until the other side gets a top three finish in the City Championship. Do you know anything about Juan Sheruin's past? Suchin asked the Yini. I don't know much about him. Anyway, he's a relative of our manager. I don't know what his family does. He's won first place in several off-field races. Leini stroked her chin and pondered for a moment. Now that you mention it, I realize that this blonde guy's identity is quite mysterious. But we're a club, not a criminal investigation team. As long as he has a driver's license and isn't from another club, he can apply to join the team normally. Suchin didn't speak. Huang Sukun is no ordinary man. If his confidence stems from his skills and experience, then he has definitely received professional training. But Huang Sukhun doesn't seem like someone with that kind of ability since his clothes are a bit old. Huh? Is it some kind of melodramatic story about a prodigy disciple from a fallen sect? What? Suchin, what did you say? Yuming brought his hearing aid covered ear very close to his ear. I'm saying you're a fish and dog. I blasted fish dogs. Then you're a pervert. Yuming said indignantly, turning to Shing Ming and saying, "Shing Mming, your driver isn't a good person. He has ill intentions towards you. Be careful when you sleep at night. It's best to lock the door from the inside. Otherwise, who knows what strange things he might do." "Mow?" Shing Ming tilted her head, hugged Su Chens arm, and obediently pressed her pretty face against it. "But I sleep with Moss at night." Meow. Yuming froze, his eyes immediately turning red as he looked at Suchin. Damn it, you beast. Shing Ming is such a cute and obedient catgirl specialization, and you just eat her? What gives you the right? They're going too far. When should he eat? Can't a car cover have collectible value? Can't we study the artistic beauty of human clothing design from the perspective of a modifier? Fortunately, he didn't need to take action. Someone else would. Zhu Ying grabbed Yos ear, dragged him into a small room with a dark face, and a hearing aid fell to the ground with a thud. A dash shadow chaser. Gently, gently, my ears, my ears are going to fall off. The door slammed shut, but Yumings pig-like scream still echoed from the room. Whether it was his imagination or not, Suchin could faintly detect a hint of enjoyment in the screams. That's just how Yuming is. He likes to provoke his Mecca girls for no reason. Leini shook her head and rubbed her forehead. Anyway, you have to get used to it. It's common for the two of them to bicker. Suchen's lips twitched. Was you Ming a masochist? Despite his usual aloof and cool celebrity racer demeanor, he seems to have quite a few female fans because of it. If those fans knew what Yuming was like in private, they would definitely be disillusioned, right? Come over and register. Leini waved to Suchin. Afterwards, you can choose to take a look around our club or you can go home, but I suggest you come once a day. Although you are not yet a member of our team, you can still experience some benefits in advance, such as having a track analyst explain the race map to you. That's a pretty good perk. Suchin secretly gave him a thumbs up. After all, he wasn't a race car driver and wasn't familiar with the race maps in this world. If someone could explain the race map of the City Car King Championship to him from a professional perspective, that would be ideal. He simply filled out his and Shimings information as Lie Yini requested. He then asked, "Can I consult your tuners on some issues? Although I'm a race car driver, I'm very interested in car modifications." "Of course." Leini nodded without thinking, her eyes fixed on the computer screen. "Our A-level modifier here, that girl named Noah, is an overly enthusiastic person. If you go to her, she'll be more than happy to share with you. Well, share everything about her. What? You mean you want to know what the exam for car modification technician certification covers? What materials do you need to prepare? Yes. Suchin nodded, looking at the girl sitting opposite him. Compared to the outdated and stale sounds of voices of the night, this girl exudes a distinctly youthful and vibrant energy. Her smooth purple princess cut hair just reached her shoulders, and her fair oval face had small yet very delicate features. Even with a pair of black rimmed glasses that almost covered half her face, her energetic spirit couldn't be concealed. She wasn't dressed like a modifier, but rather like a cute repairman, a beige short-sleeved bearprint t-shirt, plus a pair of overalls with many pockets. He had noticed Miss Noah when he was outside the modification room. He simply didn't connect her with the car modifier and assumed she was one of the modifier's daughters. Unexpectedly, she was the A-level car modification expert herself. Then you've come to the right person. Haha. Noah pushed up his glasses and the light green pupils behind the frames with their exotic flare brightened considerably. A joyful smile curved his eyebrows. This is the first time a driver has asked me this kind of question. Do you have any green bubbles? Let's add each other as friends and I'll send you the materials later along with my old study plan and all sorts of practice exam papers. I guarantee you'll get a good score. By the way, have you and your Mecca girl eaten yet? I had hazelnut and pine nut mini cakes for lunch today. Do you want to try some? They taste really good. Your Mecca girl is so cute. Are her ears real? Wow, they can actually move. This is the first time I've ever seen a catgirl type Mecca girl. Can I touch her tail? That's a shame. Suchin watched as Noah chattered incessantly around Shing. He finally understood why Lee Yini had paused for a moment. This girl is really nice. She's genuinely enthusiastic and talks a lot. Aa, get out of here. Get out of here. Meow. Shing had been forced back into a corner, her airplane ears tucked behind her tail, bearing her teeth and claws. Back up. Back up. Back up. Meow. Speaking of which, shouldn't the Catgirl specialized Mecca Girl underwear have an extra hole in the back? No stared at Starream's tail with curiosity in his eyes, still studying it. Or rather, she wasn't wearing anything at all. Ah, don't be shy. Actually, I'm not wearing anything either. What I'm saying is the desire to share is fine, but it doesn't have to be so strong. Real chapter 71 about the Starlight Pilot. As it turns out, many specialized pieces of information cannot be found online. I chatted with Noah for a while, who was enthusiastic and eager to share. This girl practically stripped the modifier bear. Many things were not what Suchin had expected. For example, the basic modification modules are not mass-produced by machines, but are created by a special group of people called modelers. It's not really that special because the first step to becoming a car mechanic is becoming a modeler. The modifier is essentially an awakened job change version of the modeler. The threshold for becoming a modeler is not as high as that for a modifier. One can become a modeler by learning and training and successfully awakening star energy. These modelers are paid the equivalent of mid-level elites in their previous life which is better than white collar workers but not as rare as modifiers. Things were not as simple as suchin had thought because the prerequisite for obtaining an al-level modification engineer certificate is to have the basic qualities of a model awakened star energy. He does have a D-LE modifier certificate, but he doesn't have star energy. After all, all his modifications were done by divine intervention. Are you interested in awakening your star energy? I have a training program I can send you. Noah paused, then looked at Such Chan and Shing Ming with an ambiguous gaze. She chuckled and lowered her voice, saying, "It's very difficult for ordinary people to awaken star energy, but you have a Mecca girl. Mecca girls are high purity carriers of star energy. With the help of Mecca girls, you can understand and awaken star energy faster. This way, you can at least become a modeler. And if you have the talent to become a starlight pilot, you'll be rolling in it. Starlight pilot? Suchin caught a glimpse of this new term and paused, then asked, "What's that?" Hey, your knowledge is even more limited than I imagined, but considering you've just entered the world of professional drivers, it's understandable. Noah patted his rather well-built chest and said smuggly. Feel free to ask me any questions in the future. I'm absolutely reliable in this area. The so-called starshine drivers, like the modifiers, are a group of guys favored by the star god. Modifiers can use star energy analysis modification modules to create modification cores. Meanwhile, the Starlight pilots awaken their special abilities using star energy, helping the Mecca girls gain an advantage on the track. Noah held up one finger, his expression serious. For example, suppose a Mecca girl crashes into a guardrail and is seriously injured, and her battery life is also greatly reduced as a result. Wouldn't she be unable to continue the race? M. Shing Ming and Suchin nodded together. Both the adult and the child sat very upright like primary school students listening attentively in class. So if the pilot of this Mecca girl is a Starlight pilot and he possesses a Starlight skill called glory reappearance which can not only instantly heal the Mecca girl's injuries but also fully restore her survivability, then this Mecca girl can continue to finish the race. This is the power of a Starlight pilot. Noah stood with his hands on his hips and his chin raised as if he had transformed into a starshine pilot. So, Suchin, do you understand? Suchin understood. Summoner spells, I suppose. Flash, teleport, heal, weaken, paralyze. They all mean the same thing. Where's Shing Ming? Do you understand? Shing Ming shook her head, then nodded, her eyes somewhat unfocused. If you understand, repeat what I just said. Noah tapped the table. Oh well, assuming the pilot of the Starlight pilot is a Mecca girl and possesses Starlight skills, she can instantly heal the pilot's injuries and fully restore the pilot's survivability. Then the pilot can successfully complete the race. Meow. Star Dream froze, her cat ears and a hog standing up simultaneously, tilting her head. It seems something seems a bit off. Meow. Hey, where did you find such an adorable catgirl type Mecca? Noah looked at Shing Ming with a lerous grin, then pitifully said to Such Chin, "Can I borrow Shing Ming for one night?" "No, three nights. I can't imagine how great it would be to sleep with such a cute catype Mecca and to be able to play with her tail and ears as I please." The female car mechanic seemed to have lost her composure, pounding her chest and stamping her feet. Damn it. How could you eat so well, you bastard? Just say what you want to say. Why did you suddenly start swearing? I don't want to sleep with you. Shing Ming snapped out of her gaze, grabbed Such Chin, and glared fiercely at Noah. I only sleep with Moss. I won't let you touch my tail and ears. Only Moss can touch them. Give up, you weird woman. Miss Noah seemed to have suffered a heavy blow, and she became completely dejected. But she has a good ability to adjust herself and quickly recovered her energy. In short, starshine pilots are common, and as you gradually climb higher, you'll inevitably encounter these guys sooner or later. Norris shrugged and comforted you in a senior's tone. "Well, don't be too nervous. As long as your skills and performance are good enough, you can also compete with these overpowered ones." Suchin's mind raced as he processed the information provided by Nori. This is how special groups and cultivation systems from another world came about. Starlight pilots are bound to have a significant advantage over ordinary pilots. But judging from Norah's words, these Starlight pilots are not yet invincible. Becoming world class is indeed not that simple. Now, as a time traveler and the former chief car modification engineer of China, what type of ability would he have if he awakened his star power skill? Do you temporarily modify your own Mecca girl during a competition? Or should we just remove the equipment from other people's Mecca girls? Such Chin was lost in unfounded thoughts and a wicked smile crept onto his lips. Such Chin, what are you thinking about? Before anyone knew it, Noah had come up to them. She crossed her arms and glared at him angrily. Are you thinking of playing with Star Dream Baby's ears or her tail first while she's sleeping tonight? Damn it. A winner in life like you should already be burned at the stake. Such Chin was speechless and casually grabbed Shing Mings tail and pinched it. I'm not as sleazy as you. I play around openly and honestly. Aya. Miss Noah seeing Shings flushed face finally broke down and let out a desperate roar. Burn you to death. Burn you to death. But I must say Noer is a very responsible girl. Despite the hatred level being at its maximum when Such Chin asked to obtain modification parts, she was still very enthusiastic in offering her own channels and did not express any intention to investigate Such Chen's suggestion. This is a warm-hearted person, but also very sensible. I've already sent you the location via Green Bubble. This is a secret flea market exclusively for us modus, and the parts there will be much cheaper than at Star Goddu. Noah pushed up his glasses and earnestly reminded him, "It's perfectly fine to just go and browse and broaden your horizons, but if you want to buy parts, many sellers will require you to show your modification certificate. If you need those, I can go with you." Noah glanced at Shing from time to time, a sinister smile playing on his lips. She figured that Shing Ming would need her to modify it sooner or later, and it wouldn't escape her grasp. No need for that. I'm just curious and taking a look around. Suchin politely declined. He already has a class D modifier certificate and Night Voice has already registered it for him. Moreover, he didn't want the Northern Wolf T2 to know that he was a modder. Chapter 72. You know nothing of my power. The flea market that Noah mentioned was in an abandoned underground parking garage in K City. When Suchin brought Ching here, there weren't many people around. His presence with his Mecca girl drew frequent glances from those around him. After all, there are generally only two types of people who frequent this flea market. Modifiers and ordinary people who are preparing to become modifiers. Where is the driver? After all, becoming a car mechanic is a very demanding job. According to Noer, modifiers need to buy a lot of basic materials to hone their skills. Therefore, choosing to become a tuner basically means saying goodbye to the racetrack as there is simply no time to train. Such Chen's goal this time is simple to improve Shings burst and acceleration performance. The cornering performance of the Star Dream is now basically sufficient, but its burst damage is still quite weak. Mecca girls with strong burst performance like Chase can make up for the time difference by accelerating rapidly after a turn even if their cornering speed is not high. There are only three ways to improve the burst acceleration of a Mecca girl. Moderate weight reduction, suspension adjustment, and power enhancement. Weight loss involves both major and minor processes. Major projects include replacing all the materials used in the car body with equally strong but lighter materials and lightweight chassis, etc. Smaller projects include lightweight wheels, simplified interior design, lightweight aerodynamic components and removal of the left and right exterior rear view mirrors. Suspension adjustment is more complex, requiring professional calibration of geometry, spring stiffness, shock absorbers, and anti-roll bar systems. In terms of power, upgrading the supercharger to a turbocharger or upgrading a six-cylinder engine to an 8-cylinder engine can significantly improve power. But which of the above solutions will be adopted specifically? It also depends on what's available at the flea market and what he can afford to buy. Queen has 200,000 in his account plus 100,000 in transfers he earned from the competition. So, he's quite confident. But this confidence only lasted until Suchin randomly entered a stall. It's so expensive. Why don't you just rob someone? Suchin's face turned green as he held a purple quality basic module in his hand. This is a full carbon fiber frame basic modification module. If it is made into the core of the modification, one of the inevitable effects will be to replace the frame material of the Star Dream with full carbon fiber material. At present, the frame material of Star Dream is still the relatively outdated lowcarbon steel. In the past, that would have been the mainstream material in the 1950s and60s. Suchin thought that the price of this basic modification module would be at most 100,000 yuan. As a result, the boss immediately asked for 188,000. Young man, this is a purple modification module, and it boasts two highly sought-after performance attributes. burst damage and speed. The shopkeeper, sitting behind his stall, didn't even look up, just fiddling with his phone. If you can use it to craft a purple modification core, you can make a profit. If you can't afford it, look at other options. I don't haggle here. Such vision went black. There are so many stalls here. What's the point of pulling on them? He grabbed Shing Ming and turned to leave. Half an hour later, he returned dejectedly. The shop owner grinned smuggly as he watched Such Chin and Shing Mang return. Young man, how about it? None of the other stalls have a chassis modification module like mine, right? Do you know how much carbon fiber material I wasted to mold this module? It is indeed expensive, but it is also extremely rare. If you put it in Shingshini Lago, you couldn't get it for less than 250,000 yan. Suchin didn't say anything but gritted his teeth inwardly. The boss is right. The other stalls really don't have it. He immediately took a liking to the modification module. On his way to the flea market, he also visited the junkyard in K City, but couldn't find a carbon fiber frame. Now, judging from the boss's words, it's clear that modelers also need to consume raw materials to create basic modules. They can't create something out of nothing. So, the carbon fiber at the junkyard was sold out long ago. All that's left are some worthless basic materials. He didn't want to give up on this basic modification module. Such Chen's eyes darted around as he looked at the various materials on the stall. Boss, do you buy modification cores here? Sure. The shopkeeper hesitated for a moment, looked such up and down a few times, then glanced at Chingming, who was clearly a Mecca girl next to him. So, are you selling modified cores? What quality? How many do you want? Let's get this straight. You need a modifiers license before I can accept your modification cores. I don't accept cores that have already been used by Mecca Girls and for which a purchase agreement has been signed. He didn't think Suchin was a car modification mechanic. They thought Suchin was going to sell the modification cores on the Mecca girl. Isn't that ridiculous? Don't rush to pack up. I'll bring the modification core over later. Such didn't agree immediately. He still needed to prepare, so he pulled Ching Ming away. The boss sighed as he watched the two figures walk away. Another pipe dream. Suchin changed to a stall that was farther away. Purchase two blue base modules that increase burst damage and speed. One is an engine type and the other is a lightweight chassis type. The total cost was less than 50,000 yuan. Then they sneakily led Shing Ming to a corner. Moss, what are you doing? Shing Ming looked at Suchin curiously. I found a way to make money. Suchin narrowed his eyes, a sinister smile curling at the corner of his mouth. Now that I have a modification technician certificate, I can sell modification cores. Then all I need to do is buy basic modules cheaply at these flea markets, synthesize them into modification cores, and then sell them at a high price to make money. Wow. Shimings eyes lit up, and she clapped her hands, saying, "Mas is so amazing. Does that mean we'll have lots of money soon?" Meow. That's right. But isn't synthesizing and modifying cores a probabilistic event? Shing Ming Suchin said mysteriously, patting Shings little head. You know nothing about my power. As soon as he finished speaking, he used God's hand to merge the two blue basic modules into a single blue modified core. Unnamed burst acceleration modification core. Positive effects speed +4, burst + 7. Negative effects, stability minus 5, range minus3, cornering minus three. grade blue. This mod core is made for you. Please name it. No special effects. Suchin frowned slightly, then quickly relaxed. That's normal. After all, it's a pre-made dish. How can it be compared to the effects of one that I modified myself? Moreover, the total value of negative attributes is now equal to the total value of positive attributes, essentially robbing Peter to pay Paul. In Such Chen's eyes, such a modified core was substandard. The negative effects are too numerous and too great, making it a losing proposition. But for drivers and modifiers in this world, these high negative effect modification cores are a regular occurrence for them, and they often have to replace their modification cores. Queen is a typical example. If the negative effects of the modified core weren't so strong, her burst attribute wouldn't have dropped to only 61. What Suchin is curious about now is in the current climate, the three most popular attributes among mods and drivers are speed, acceleration, and cornering. This blue modification core in their hands provides a boost to speed and burst damage while having little impact on cornering performance. What level of product is such a blue modification core in the eyes of these modifiers? And how much profit can it bring him? Chapter 73. raising prices on the spot. Boss, this is the core product I want to sell. What do you think? Suchin returned to the same stall as before. He handed the freshly crafted blue modification core to the boss. You didn't just take this from a Mecca girl, did you? The shopkeeper took the modification core, staring at Such Chin with suspicion. Let me tell you, I'm a professional. Those little tricks won't fool me. Seeing that Such Chen remained silent, the boss patiently spent some time working on the modified core. The more information you receive, the more something seems wrong. He frowned and glanced at Suchin. After pondering for a while, he glanced at Suchin again. Suddenly, he blurted out a curse. "What?" The boss stared blankly at the modified core in his hand. He had figured out the core's properties, and then, not believing it, he put it in the machine. next to him for testing. The results were similar to what he had found. As for why it takes so long to process data even when you have the machine. Naturally, training and improvement are reflected in the details of daily life. Young man, are you really planning to sell this blue modification core? The middle-aged man scratched his head and asked cautiously, "This is a modification core with acceleration and burst attributes. It's very rare. Are you sure you want to sell it?" He glanced at Shiming next to Such Chen and asked again, "Don't you need your Mecca girl? I want to get her something better." Suchin smiled. "So, can we sell it?" "Sure, of course." The uncle nodded repeatedly, his face now completely smiling, a stark contrast to his previous indifference. "However, the basic procedures still need to be followed. You need to show your modifier certificate. Otherwise, I won't dare to accept this score. Being hesitant to accept them doesn't mean being afraid to accept them. He deliberately didn't rule out the possibility of a definitive answer. That's because he's planning to lower the price. As long as Suchinu doesn't have a car modification technician certificate, he can have a million reasons to lower the price. The uncle was very confident about it. The reason is simple. Who can be both a driver and a modifier? Do you have the energy? Aren't you afraid of learning everything but mastering nothing? Therefore, he guessed that the modification core was a gift from someone or that it came from a questionable source. That way, he could confidently negotiate an extremely low price. Suchin didn't care what his boss was thinking. He looked at the smiling boss and smiled back as he took out his D-Level modification technician certificate. The middle-aged man was stunned. Huh? You're not a real car mechanic? Yeah, right. Suchin nodded matterofactly. How would I know about this flea market if I'm not a car mechanic? What would I be doing here if I'm not a car mechanic? The uncle paused for a moment, then pointed at Shing. You or the driver? That's right. Suchin nodded again. Can't modifiers also contract with Mecca girls? Besides, the main function of Star Dream is to warm the bed. Oh, the uncle drawled. He understood. There are indeed some people in this society who contract Mecca girls not to race them. They really treat Mecca girls like wives. Even though Mecca girls can't reproduce, they're still pleasing to the eye. Furthermore, Mecca girls do not have the concept of monogamy. So, some people have a normal girlfriend while secretly having a female Mecca girlfriend. However, getting a female Mecca girlfriend is difficult because female Mecca girls are obsessed with racing glory and they won't be happy if you don't take them to the track. No matter how many bags or lipsticks you give, it won't make a difference. The Mecca girls don't buy into that. There's only one way to win their favor. Become a responsible and excellent pilot. Even if you're under 1.6 6 m tall, weigh 180 lb, and look like a caveman. The Mecca girls won't mind. As long as she can see that you've been working hard on your path as a driver, she will then have high expectations for you and develop feelings for you. The uncle had no idea how Suchin had managed to win Shing Mings heart so completely. That's their privacy. All he wants now is to get a good price for this blue modified core. Young man, the market price for a blue core is between 100,000 and 150,000. I see you're quite interested in my purple basic module. How about you at 30,000 transfer points, and I'll exchange it for your purple basic module? Suchin grinned. Boss, a modified core that combines acceleration and burst damage at the same time. I've never seen one like this at any other stall. Or how about I take it and go ask again? If they offer a lower price, I'll come back and exchange it with you. Okay. The uncle's expression changed slightly upon hearing this. Seeing Suchin reach out to ask for the core, he was unwilling to let go no matter what. When it comes to upgrade cores, grade is a standard for measuring price, but it's not the only factor. Another point is that it's suitable. For example, this modified core, although it has many negative effects, if it encounters a buyer who is in dire need of speed and burst damage and does not care about these negative effects, then the blue core, which is worth around 100,000 to 150,000 on the market, can be sold for a higher price. There are so many rich guys in the Mecca girl market. They're willing to spend a fortune to find the right modification core. They're even willing to pay the price of a purple core for a blue one, provided it's suitable. The characteristic of this type of blue modification core is that the positive effects are concentrated on speed, burst, and cornering, with speed and burst being the most popular of these three attributes because most Mecca girls lack these two attributes. These two attributes can significantly improve track performance. The middle-aged man glanced at Such Chen and saw the ambiguous smile on Such Chen's face. He knew that Suchin had noticed his reluctance. His thoughts have been figured out. Sigh. The uncle sighed and gave in. You don't need to go to other stalls. I'll just give you this purple module. Let's be friends. Remember to think of me first if you come across any top quality cores like this in the future. Boss, if you give me the purple module and give me an extra 50,000 yuan, this modification core is yours. Such remained unmoved, but he was not greedy either. He just wanted to get something for nothing. What? I have to pay you extra. The man's eyes widened, his face full of anger. Kid, this is an extremely rare carbon fiber frame purple module. If this thing were made into a modification core, do you know how much it would be worth? Yeah, you said it yourself. You know how low the probability is of making it into a modification core. If it fails, it's all for nothing. Before it becomes part of the modification core, it's meaningless to the Mecca girl. I still have to take the risk of it all going to waste. The two argued vehemently, their words laced with tension. Shing glanced at the boss and then at Suchin before suddenly bending down and picking up a brick from the ground. Mecca girls cannot actively attack humans, but they can pose a threat. If Such Chin is attacked by her boss, she can stop his violence. This doesn't count as harming humans. It's called self-defense. Use this brick to smash this fierce looking uncle's feet. With this thought in mind, she quietly hid the bricks behind her back, her eyes darting around, but she had already locked onto the boss's feet. Meanwhile, Such Chin and the uncle were still negotiating the price. Boss, kid, don't be so ruthless. I'll give you a maximum of 10,000. Suchin, add 55,000. Boss, 20,000 at most. That's my bottom line. Suchin, give me back 60,000. Boss, 30,000. That's the most I can offer. Suchin, 65,000. No. The middle-aged man was so angry he almost couldn't breathe, pointing at Such Chin and trembling. How come your price keeps going up? Buy or not? If not, I'll take it. I don't bargain when I sell things. If you try to bargain, I'll raise the price. Suchin looked smug and returned the words his boss had told him earlier. Shing Ming was standing next to him with a break in her hand. Who could touch him? Even if the boss is furious, he can only watch helplessly. So cool. The uncle noticed that his argument with Suchin had attracted the attention of other vendors around them. To avoid any further complications, he could only curse his bad luck inwardly. He's been running a stall for so many years, but he's always the one setting up stalls for others. Today, things have gotten really bad. I've been tricked by a young guy. He gritted his teeth and pulled out his phone. All right, stop yelling. 65,000 it is. Give me the QR code. I'll transfer it to you. Chapter 74. Exclusive secret modification. Master, you're amazing. You managed to buy what you wanted without spending a single penny. I want to do that, too. Meow. On the way back, Shing Mings eyes were full of admiration. Such Chin, on the other hand, smiled slightly, feeling triumphant and elated. Want to learn? Then keep warming my bath water for me tonight. No problem, Meow. Shing Ming patted her well proportioned chest. Her cat ears perked up, and she looked very serious. I guarantee I'll complete the mission. Shing Ming will strictly control the water temperature at 42°. You also have to make sure the water still smells like you. Why is that, Meow? That means it will take a long time to soak. Meow. Because I like it. Yes, sir. Shin Ming's small brain doesn't think too much. All she needed to know was that Suchin liked it. As long as Suchin likes it, she's willing to do it no matter how strange it is. Suchin was stunned. He had only meant it as a joke, but Shing Mang had agreed so readily. This little girl is so innocent and naive. She has absolutely no guile. He felt a pang of guilt, but it was quickly overshadowed by the joy of having bought the parts. He hadn't spent a single penny of the 300,000 yuan he had on him. But he didn't buy less than one item. In addition to the purple basic module, he also used the same method to make money by reselling modified cores at a price difference to buy a set of carbon fiber aerodynamic component basic modules, a set of blue quality lightweight wheel modules, a set of purple quality semi-h hotmelt tire modules, and a highquality fabric made outfit mecha girl car cover. I didn't spend a penny, I got it for free. However, the two blue modification cores he crafted afterward weren't quite as good. He's not stupid. He only dared to do this because the flea market is so big. Otherwise, this kind of corebased reselling behavior would easily be noticed as problematic. When he showed the payment code today, he noticed a green bubble group chat popping up on the uncle's phone screen, which was none other than the flea market owners group. Tonight, when the stall owners close up shop, they'll definitely be chatting in the group, and they'll inevitably talk about this strange buyer. Needless to say, he will definitely be exposed by these bosses. And after a few bosses exchange ideas, they will immediately realize that something is wrong with him. Suchin already knew this, but he still did it anyway. This is because he will never go to that flea market again. Let these bosses guess whatever they want. Back home, Suchin replenished McFlurry's cat food and water, cleaned up the litter box, and then put all the things he had bought on the balcony. Queen didn't have a workbench at home, but fortunately, the balcony was spacious enough. So, he sat down on the floor and started tinkering with the basic modules. These basic modules cannot be used directly. It still needs to be thoroughly inspected by divine intervention, and after his adjustments and processing, it will be transformed into a modification module. Suchin wasn't sure if doing this would lead to an improvement. He was simply acting out of basic responsibility and professional ethics as a chief modifier. He felt uneasy if he didn't see and understand the detailed parts. Moss, the made outfit car cover looks so good. Shing walked to Such Chen's side, having already changed into that exquisite maid outfit and Mecca Girl bodysuit. She twirled around, lifting her skirt, the pure white hem fluttering in the wind. The fitted fabric tightened with her movement, accentuating her shapely curves. Black lace trim adorns the neckline and hem of the skirt, while the cinched waist accentuates the slender figure. Beneath the pleated minikrt were two long, beautiful legs encased in delicate black stockings and adorned with dainty roundtoed leather shoes. The most deadly part is the back, a small round hole cleverly cut out at the back waist of the short skirt. Her fluffy, soft cat tail peeked out from among them, swaying from side to side, clearly indicating that she was in a good mood. Occasionally, the swaying of her tail would lift her skirt slightly, revealing glimpses of her thighs encased in black stockings, forming a barely visible, absolute territory. It's very sexy. It can be said to be quite erotic. Furthermore, Shiming's cat ears are perked up and she's making a cat porching pose which elevates the combination of cuteness and sexiness to the extreme. However, Suchin only glanced at them briefly before refocusing his attention on the accessories in front of him. He has already unfolded the lightweight wheels. It's beautiful and suits you perfectly. While unfolding the story, we must not forget to give Shing some emotional value. Wow. Shing Ming stared blankly at Such Chin, her lips pouting. Moss, you're so prefuncter. However, seeing that Suchin was working diligently, she obediently nodded. Okay, Moss, I'll show it to you later. I'll go show it to Queen first. She took her phone, turned around, and walked away. A moment later, Suchin heard a series of clicking sounds behind him. Clearly, someone was taking a selfie. Shinming made a peace sign with Suchin in the background. then smiled sweetly with her eyes narrowed and snapped a picture. She first sent the selfie to her only friend, Queen, then opened her empty moments feed and scratched her head. After hesitating for a while, I finally decided to add a picture and edit it. Moss bought me a new car cover. It's super cute. I love it so much. Master got back to work hard and bought a lot of great things today without spending any money. She's amazing. click send. And that's how she posted her first WeChat moments. She used to greatly admire the other Mecca girls in the League Academy because these Mecca girls all have cell phones given to them by their pilots, and some of them bought them themselves. Having a mobile phone would make it easier to make friends, but she doesn't have one, and she can't bear to spend the little money she has to buy one. This leads to the fact that every time I meet a female Mecca I get along with, we eventually lose contact because she doesn't have my contact information. After all, the League Academy is so big, it would be very difficult to run into that Mecca girl again. This resulted in her spending 3 years at the League Academy where other Mecca girls had several close friends, but she didn't have a single friend she could contact. So when she needed help, she had to go from one modification shop to another, enduring countless cold shoulders and then getting scolded when she got home. But all of that is in the past now. Shing looked at her empty WeChat moments filled with advertisements, but felt quite content. Now that she's with Such Chin, things will only get better from now on. She will have many female Mecca friends, and her social circle will become more and more lively. Bye. Dash. Shing was about to turn off her phone to look for Such Chin when she saw that someone had liked her post. It's Queen. A chat box popped up immediately afterward. Shing Ming, your car cover looks really nice. Did Such Chin buy it for you? Yeah. Shing Ming quickly typed. And Ma didn't spend a single penny. He first bought uh I forgot. Meow. Anyway, he bought a lot of things and sold a few modification cores. And then he became very rich. Meow. Although Star Dreams description was vague, Queen still understood it. Suchin probably bought the basic modules, synthesized the modification cores, and then resold the modification cores to the boss. There was just one thing that was strange about her. Is the success rate of Such Chen's modified core synthesis really 100%. What is your master doing? Shingman looked back and saw that Suchin was already surrounded by four tires and a huge chassis. His hands moved rapidly, performing actions that Shingman couldn't understand. Master, is he being modified? Shing tilted her little head, her cat ears twitching. That must be a modification, although it's completely different from what I saw in front of the night team before. Queen realized she hadn't really seen Such Chen's modifications yet. Since he could guarantee the success rate of core production, he must be different from Knight's team, right? Even if she didn't have the chance to enjoy Such Chen's modifications, seeing them from afar would be fine, too. So, she typed, "Can I take a look? I want to admire a man working hard." Shing Ming hesitated for a moment. What Moss is doing now is a special secret modification that belongs exclusively to her. Some parts of the process were quite embarrassing. She wasn't sure if she could show it to Queen. Chapter 75. The real advantage. Moss. Queen wants to see you. Can I show you to her? Shing Ming snuggled up to Suchin with a fawning expression, pleading, Is it okay? Is it okay? Handsome Moss wants to share this with the whole world. Meow. Suchin didn't even look up. He was staring at the four wheels that were clearly the wrong size for Shing Ming, looking worried. He casually replied, "It's not like I'm ashamed to be seen. If you want to see it, then see it." "Yay!" Shing Ming cheered and typed to Queen. Ma said he's willing to show Queen everything about himself so Queen can look at whatever she wants. At the headquarters of the voice of the night, Queen blushed as she looked at the information on her phone screen, her wine red eyes narrowing slightly. Did Suchin really say that? H, showing off all his glib tongue. The corners of her mouth were slightly upturned without her even realizing it. Soon after, Shing Ming called via video. What greets you is Shing Mings adorable face. She waved back and forth in front of the camera, looking puzzled. But then her eyes lit up. Aha! Found it. Meow! Camera flipped. Amidst the inexplicably loud slogans, the camera turned around, pointing directly at Such Chin on the balcony. The queen stared in disbelief at the massive chassis and the pile of original parts. What did Suchin buy these original parts for? These parts are completely unusable for Mecca Girls nowadays. Only modelers use these parts to learn modeling with the ultimate goal of creating basic modification modules by copying the designs. However, she didn't say anything, just watched silently. Since Suchin was able to modify Shing Ming so well, he must have his own plan. Suchin had no idea that a camera was pointed at his buttocks. The human machine response I just gave to Shing Ming was entirely instinctive. He was extremely frustrated at the moment because the wheel hub module when unfolded was actually the size of a truck. Can this be used by Shing? It's like a size 34 foot wearing a size 44 shoe. How could that be comfortable? First of all, one thing is very clear. This basic modification module will not affect the production of the modification core and it can be used by the Mecca girl. In the end, the size displayed on the Mecca girl is appropriate. But Suchin just felt uncomfortable all over. This is imperfect. It's pre-made. Even if it is brazed pork, it won't suit everyone's taste. Some people like sweet flavors while others prefer salty flavors. As a chef, how can I be prefuncter? It's a pity there's no machine tool. Suchin side, stroking the brand new wheel rim. If only God's hand could modify these parts to fit the dimensions of Star Dream. This idea has only just come to mind. Suchin felt a sudden numbness in his head, and then he saw the wheel rim he was touching shrink at a visible speed. Ultimately, it became a 23-in wheel that clearly fit the racing car body. Wow, that's amazing. Suchin was stunned, touching the wheel rim in disbelief. The tires I found for the previous two modifications to the Star Dream were both the right size for the Star Dreams body. When modifying the engine, I was just adding and replacing parts. If only he had known God's hand was so awesome. Well, it seems like knowing this earlier wouldn't have been of much use. He still knew too little about basic modification modules back then. After changing the wheel size, Suchin then converted the wheel into a basic modification module. As expected, this basic module has undergone some changes just like the engine last time. Precision lightweight will base module blue. Indeed, Suchin noticed that the name of the basic module had changed with an additional prefix like precise. Meanwhile, the original information for this basic module was speed + 1 to 3, burst + 1 to 3, stability minus 3 to 5, and is significantly affected by other basic modules. Now, it has become speed plus 2 to 4, burst + 2 to 4, stability minus three, and generally unaffected by other basic modules limited to sports car type mecha girls. In other words, he only made a slight modification. Even just making sure the wheels fit the dimensions of the Star Dream car body improves the quality of this basic module. No, it shouldn't be an improvement in quality, but rather an improvement in compatibility. Suchin stroked his chin, pondering for a moment. He hasn't seen a truck-shaped Mecca girl yet, but he can't be sure if she doesn't exist. Most of the Mecca girls take the form of sports cars and off-road vehicles. The former has the largest number, so he only improved the compatibility of the basic module by modifying its size. Therefore, this basic module is limited to sports car type mecha girls. Next, Suchin continued to unfold the semi-h hotmelt adhesive tire module purple and the carbon fiber aerodynamic component module blue. Just as he had expected, the original components of these basic modules had very strange dimensions after unfolding. Take the hotmelt adhesive tire module as an example. The four unfolded tires resemble those on a bicycle. The air assembly is even more outrageous. Its bizarre size could easily fit on a small helicopter. He Now I finally understand why the success rate of synthesizing modification cores by modifiers in this world is so low. Such Chun looked at the original parts with their varied sizes and material purity and couldn't help but laugh and cry. To put it simply, the core of modification is connecting and piecing together basic modules. But what if the dimensions are wrong? How do you piece them together? He boldly speculated that the only way a modifier could successfully create a modification core was if they happened to obtain a base module of the right hidden size or if the size wasn't quite right, but they could still force it together. However, this would result in a significant drop in the quality of the modification core and its attributes would be utter garbage. His ability to create modified cores with 100% accuracy is partly due to the hand of God. If he doesn't expand on the parts, correct the materials and dimensions, then the core he creates will also have major flaws. For example, the three defective products he sold to the flea market. This is a problem that even a car mechanic simply cannot solve because neither the modifier nor the modeler knew the original dimensions of the components of the base module or whether the materials were up to standard. The basic modules that modifiers buy are completely random. The basic module sizes created by modelers should also be random. Or perhaps each person should have their own style. It's strange that such a haphazard, unregulated patchwork could mass-produce good core components. But he can solve it. He can expand the basic modules. He can see and correct the dimensions of the original parts. Even if he can't unfold it, he can find parts that fit the size of the star dream in the junkyard. If all else fails, as long as he has machine tools and basic materials, he can make them for Shing himself, custommade to his specifications. That's my advantage. Suchin breathe a sigh of relief, flames flickering in his eyes. He not only possesses modification knowledge that surpasses all other modifiers in the entire Star God era, he also possesses a unique advantage that these modifiers lack. With his modification, knowledge, and god-like abilities, his Mecca girls could become perfect numerical monsters. This kind of perfection doesn't require suppressing the Mecca girl's nature, but rather through his perfect modifications, it unleashes the Mecca girl's performance to the fullest. To become a true boss level presence on the track, the mindset of modders in this world is rigid, datadriven, and inflexible like a bunch of robots. They don't understand the principles behind aerodynamic kits. Suchin fiddled with the wrench, looking up and down at the huge aerodynamic component in front of him. A slight smile playing on his lips. So, they would never have imagined it. There are also great things like retractable tail wing. Chapter 76. The succubus core. There are many types of lift type tail fins. The most basic type is the automatic trigger type. that is it rises when the race car turns and hides inside the car body to reduce wind resistance when driving straight. Further up the range are electric rear wings, adjustable electric rear wings, dual motor 3-section active lifting rear wings and AI chip realtime electronically controlled rear wings. Finally, this type of aerodynamic component which can precisely adjust the aerodynamic components in real time according to the speed and condition of the race car on the track has no other drawbacks except for its high cost. Suchin can only consider the basic version at the moment. He took a break and looked up some information on his phone. There are indeed no fully automatic air handling units in this world. There certainly aren't machine tools that can manufacture these kinds of components. If he wants to create a high-tech device like an AI chip controlled air system, not only are machine tools needed, but also corresponding electronic systems. The amount of basic preparation required is too much and there is simply no time or money to complete this massive project. But who knows, maybe in the future. My thoughts return to the aerodynamic kit in front of me. If the god hand can control the size of the original parts, then controlling the size of small parts like screws shouldn't be a problem either, right? Suchin tried it and found that it worked. It can not only control the size, but also change Phillips head screws to flathead screws. He can even bend and deform various materials at his will. Except for the inability to change the raw materials, he can do whatever he wants. Less than half an hour. Such Chin then created a basic model of an automatically retractable tail wing. This automaticity originates from the balance bar within it. The stabilizer bar senses the car's position based on the car's lean angle to determine whether the race car is driving in a straight line or cornering. When the balance is broken, the tail fin will pop out instantly. As the car exits the corner and regains its balance, the rear wing will immediately retract. But this applies only to the tail fin. He can't modify the racing side skirts and front splitter for the time being, and the stabilizer bar is not easy to fit. The aerodynamic kits for these two parts can only be controlled mechanically or by motor. All of this was under the watchful eyes of Queen and Star Dream. Shing Ming sat back in the chair, hugging the back rest, her chin resting on the top of the back rest, her eyes hazy, looking somewhat drowsy. Queen, however, was completely absorbed, watching Su Chen's actions without blinking. She saw Such Chin tilting an accessory shaped like a tail wing from side to side. Then the tail fin automatically popped out and retracted, which was very strange. Such Chen, are you modifying this? She finally couldn't help but ask. Yes. Suchin nodded, looking at the phone camera. to make it easier for Queen to understand. He added, "You can think of it as preparation work before modification, like modeling a basic modification module that is more suitable for Star Dream. The process looks very complicated, completely different from the night teams." Of course, how can putting your heart into something be the same as not putting your heart into it? Suchin shook his head and smiled. Are you putting your heart into it? Queen's eyes lit up as if she were deep in thought. The next question is whether the self-elevating tail wing can be perfectly inherited by the Star Dream. Suchin reassembled the tail wing and other components into a base modification module. It's true that we could install it directly on Shing Ming and wait for it to automatically convert into a basic module just like the first modification. However, since we're already in this world, we should try to align ourselves with the customs of this world as much as possible without affecting the final quality so as not to be seen as a strange person. Holding the newly converted basic modification module, some information appeared in my field of vision. Exquisite self-lifting air kit purple. Cornering plus 5, speed + three, burst minus one, stability minus one. condition, perfect minimal impact from other basic modules. The blue basic module has turned into a purple basic module. Suchin narrowed his eyes slightly. Is it because of technological upgrades? However, it makes sense. The transformation of the old tail wing into a boom wing is indeed a qualitative improvement, and the quality should definitely be upgraded. This seems to have opened up another avenue for him to make money in the future. But it seems like it's not easy to expose this. Suchin scratched his head in frustration. It wasn't that he was overly cautious. It was mainly because this was a world of high martial arts. And with such a wonderful life right before his eyes, he hadn't had enough time to relax. The rest is simple. With divine intervention, the carbon fiber frame and tire dimensions were all changed to match those of the star dream. These basic modules also exhibit such precise affixes and their properties are somewhat improved. However, since the materials of the original parts were not changed, there was no qualitative leap. He grasped two basic modules in each hand, join his hands together, and a mysterious power surged from the hands of God. About 2 minutes later, a modified core emitting a blue purple glow appeared in Su Chens hand. Hoohoo vu Chingming was already asleep. Her even breathing coming from behind Such Chin. Only Queen was still resting her chin on her hand, watching intently through the video. This is a purple modification core. It was successful on the first try. Since the video quality was only SOS, she didn't notice the faint blue light flickering inside the Rubik's cube. He just stared blankly at the modified cores spinning in Such Chen's hand. I vaguely remember the grading system for modifiers. Blue modification cores were the upper limit for A-level modifiers. Gold modification cores were the upper limit for S-level modifiers. And above that, platinum and diamonds corresponded to SS and SSS level modifiers respectively. As for legendary modification cores, they were beyond grading. Anyone who could create a legendary modification core was a figure worthy of being recorded in history. If Such Chin can create a purple modification core, then Such Chin is guaranteed to be an S-level modifier with the same status as James of the Night Team. But how old is Suchin? Queen rarely develops a sense of admiration for a person or Mecca girl just because they are strong enough because she knows that everyone has their own growth trajectory and she may not necessarily be weaker than those people or Mecca girls in the future. But now watching the young Suchin calmly playing with that purple modification core, she still couldn't help but feel a sense of admiration. Even with a young S-class driver like Chin Xen, she didn't feel any admiration. The reason they were willing to sign an agreement with Voice of the Night was entirely due to their abundant resources and the positive reviews from their seniors. However, it turns out that what others think is good may not be suitable for her. Take for example Knight's team's modification plan. Suchin held the Blue Purple modified core in his hand. The mechanical texture shines brightly while electronic fonts emerge on the core. Unnamed integrated component modification core. Positive effects speed + 9, burst damage plus 7, cornering damage plus 4, endurance + 7. Negative effects, stability minus three, impact resistance minus 20%. Special effects body fragrance + 5 cup size + 1 firmness + 1 weightight minus 5 kg flexibility + three elasticity of special areas plus two grade blue purple. This modification core is made for you. Please name it. So many special effects. Suchin was stunned and half of them increase critical hit rate and attack speed. The names of the previous modification cores were chosen too hastily. Today, this modification core must be given a catchy and fitting name. Suchin pondered for a moment. Then his eyes lit up and he slapped his thigh. Aha. Let's call it succubus number one. Modified core. Chapter 77. A little too much. Star dream. Suchin called out but received no response. He turned around and found that Shing Mang had fallen asleep, hugging the back of the chair. Even so, the girl held her phone steadily, the screen displaying Queen's delicate and pretty face. The queen appears to be lying on the bed wearing only a thin night gown. Her long smooth black hair cascades over her shoulders with a pink chamisole peeking through it. The bear print sheets and her smooth jawline outline a snow white line below her neck along with a deep cleavage. Suchin swallowed. Is it possible to eat so well right after the renovation? No, that's not right. He froze, stunned. When did Shing make the video? And why is it facing me? Doesn't that mean Queen saw everything he did during the modification? We're doomed. We've been exposed. Does the queen think he's an alien? What are you saying? Queen frowned slightly and said strangely, "Didn't you just say you were going to show me everything about yourself?" Shing only turned on the camera to show me with your permission. And where are your eyes looking? Despite saying this, Queen deliberately propped herself up a bit while she was half lying down, and there was a hint of mockery in her eyes. This Mecca girl, who has a mental contract with another Mecca girl, actually has inappropriate thoughts about other Mecca girls. What a restless little fish. Ahem, don't talk nonsense, Suchin said guilty, looking away, but stubbornly replied. I just think your choker is quite nice. Is it pretty? It's the symbol of a malfunctioning Mecca girl. Queen lightly touched the collar around her neck with her fingertips, giving a self-deprecating smile. Even if you think it's pretty, I wouldn't want to wear this kind of collar. Of course, I can accept the lace kind with heart-shaped bells. Sorry. Such Chin hadn't expected the collar with the warning written on it to have this meaning. However, the conversation has gradually gone astray. Facing Queen, he felt like he was a pure and innocent young man in a past life being flirted with by beautiful older women in bars because of his good looks. Don't assume that just because a woman initiates a flirtation, she likes you. That's probably because they find it interesting or fun. Don't ask why. The answer is that Suchin suffered this kind of loss before which laid the foundation for him to become a Sigma man later on. It's okay. I'm used to it. Although Suchin only said, "Sorry, Queen's gaze softened." She changed the subject to asking, "Was this purple modification core custom made for Star Dream? What attributes does it enhance?" since Queen had already seen it. Suchin said frankly, "Actually, it's not exactly a purple modification core. It's just blue with purple undertones, quite close to purple. In terms of attributes, it mainly increases acceleration and burst damage, but has very little impact on other attributes. Since Star Dream's foundation isn't very strong and she's a balanced radiant star, I gave her a relatively free modification plan, mainly adjusting her attributes based on the tracks she'll be facing. I'm planning to take her to the City Car King Championship. I've heard that race requires a high average speed from the Mecca Girls, and there are many curves, which really tests their ability to accelerate quickly after cornering. The queen listened attentively, her gaze lingering on Such Chen's face. When Such Chin was explaining his modification plan, he displayed an emotion that the night team's modifiers lacked. This emotion is filled with consideration for the Mecca girl as well as confidence and seriousness in one's own modification work. He truly saw Shing Ming as a partner, not as a tool for gaining glory. The queen was very envious of this. Unfortunately, Such Chin was neither his driver nor her modifier. The City Car King Championship," she said, brushing a stray hair behind her ear and letting out a soft side to hide her disappointment. "The track is quite difficult, and there are so many skilled competitors. If you and Shing don't prepare properly, you and Shing could easily stumble. We will try our best." Suchin nodded. He knew what was going on. Since it's called the King of Cars Championship, there must be many top competitors. Even if they aren't all professional drivers like Yuming and Suche, they certainly won't be too far off. And what about you? Suchin glanced at the collar around Queen's neck and asked thoughtfully, "What are your plans afterward?" "Oh, are you worried about me?" Queen's eyebrows twitched with obvious delight. She blinked and said with a smile. It's much more comfortable here at night's voice than at my house. I'm waited on hand and foot. Jessica is practically my nanny. Most importantly, I don't have to get up in the middle of the night to scoop McFlurry's poop. The chubby orange cat lying next to the sofa seemed to understand what Queen was saying. It meowed at Suchin with obvious dissatisfaction. "Would you like to see McFlurry?" Suchin asked. The queen pursed her lips. Let's take a look. Suchin carried the McFlurry to the front of the camera. This orange cat is very affectionate, especially close to Shing. She's a little aloof towards him, but you can hug him freely without him getting angry. McFlurry, you have to be a good boy/girl. Don't scratch or bite. Queen beckoned to the orange cat, her tone gentle, but saying things that could choke the cat. I'll come back to see you when I'm done here. You need to eat less. You should lose weight. Otherwise, you'll die from high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and high blood sugar. And don't howl at night. You're already neutered. No female cat will want you. McFlurry meowed angrily, then broke free from Such Chen's grasp and ran away without looking back. It ran to the French windows on the balcony and sat down, gazing at the night view outside, its back view carrying a hint of sadness. Is it really okay for you to attack McFlurry like this? Such Chin looked away from McFlurry, his lips twitching slightly. It probably wouldn't understand anyway. Queen yawned, her voice soft and sleepy. It's getting late. Let's call it a day. Remember to say good night to Shing Ming for me. The queen stretched, and the pink straps of her pajamas slipped down her smooth, rounded shoulders, making the snowy scenery around her neck even more vibrant. It's hard to say whether it was intentional or not, but anyway. Suchin widened his eyes, ready to observe carefully. The video call abruptly ended. Suchin stared blankly at the completely black screen for a few seconds. Ferry. He shook his head vigorously to dispel the snow scene from his mind. Shing Ming, wake up. The core has been changed. Suchin poked Shimings soft, pretty face. In her sleep, Shingming, like a kitten that has found a cat treat, grabbed his hand and kissed it. Smacking sounds of mango and banana. Huh? Salty. The taste was off, so she licked it again and mumbled, "Oh my, it must be a completely new flavor." Suchin. He looked at the cute teeth marks on the back of his hand, which were covered in a little saliva, and sighed. Oh well, he can still change Shing Mings modification core. Even if Shing Ming doesn't wake up anyway. This girl has been running around with him all day. She's probably tired, too. He took the purple modification core and walked around behind Shing, gently lifting the hem of her maid outfit to reveal her fair and soft waist. Then the flame storm was removed and replaced with succubus number one. The original flame storm cores attributes are positive effects speed plus 7 burst damage plus 5 cornering damage plus two tire wear minus 20%. Negative effects stability minus three cornering correction minus 5%. After being blessed by the star god, the negative tireware effect that star dream had previously solidified has been cleared. Therefore, the blaze storm is still considered a very good modification core. The attributes of Succubus number one are positive effects, speed + 9, burst damage plus 7, cornering damage plus 4, endurance + 7, negative effects, stability minus three, impact resistance minus 20%. The lightweight body greatly enhances the Star Dream's burst speed, range, and endurance, but it also makes the vehicle body more fragile. If it collides with a muscle car, the muscle car might not even budge, while the Star Dream itself would be bounced away. Nevertheless, Succubus number one is still superior and can completely push Star Dreams attributes to the threshold of C2B. Once Yuming is promoted to a Berank Mecca girl, she can put the Blazing Storm back in. After replacing the core with the succubus number one, Star Dreams attributes became name Star Dream Star emblem radiant light team enhancement speed 66 curves 67 stable 44. Burst 42. Battery life 60. Modification core succubus number one blue purple effect omitted. Stigmada Emperor Engine Current Level C++ special talents one not activated two kaggirl appearance specialization three silent movement frequency 51%. Status happy evaluation capable of serving in bed and conquering the battlefield. Putting aside the question of where to find another catgirl specialized Mecca girl of such exceptional quality, her modified core and purple stigmata are somewhat excessive. Chapter 78. You've become more beautiful. Meow. Part two. All three attributes reach 60. Shing Ming has already met the basic requirements for promotion to be rank Mecca girl. But what Suchin was unsure about was did this retractable tail fin actually work? After the core was replaced, Shing Ming was still wearing the maid outfit, but a purple bow appeared on her soft tail. This should be the effect of the modified tail wing. As for whether the succubus one is currently displaying its attributes before or after the rear wing is raised, he will only be able to figure that out when Star Dream wakes up and unfolds the vehicle. Suddenly, a faint scent of milk candy wafted into my nose. Suchin was stunned. Previously, you had to bury it in Shing Ming's chest to smell it. Now, even after stepping back three steps, the fragrance is still very clear. The plus five body odor special effect is incredibly effective. The plus five likely means an increase of 5 m in distance. Because the fragrance is not very strong within a 5 m range, no matter how far or near Shing is, the intensity of the fragrance is just right. That's a good thing. Otherwise, any fragrance that is too strong will be unacceptable. What made Suchin even more gratified was although it was only temporary, Shings fever, which had soared to 42° C, finally subsided. He hadn't dared to sleep next to Shing last night. Tonight, he would be the king of the bed and the blankets. However, he has to heat the bath water himself. I've finally finished everything. As Suchin breathed a sigh of relief, everything suddenly went black before his eyes and he felt dizzy. What's wrong with me? He stood still, holding on to the chair and looked at his hands. I feel a bit sleepy after playing three cores in a row today. The fact that he could still muster the energy while crafting the purple core was entirely due to his passion for modifications stimulating his adrenaline. But now the purple core has been formed and the adrenaline has subsided. Intense fatigue and drowsiness swept over my brain like a tidal wave. So modifying the core has side effects. Suchin smiled Riley. Before he could figure out what the side effects were, he felt like he had been hit on the head with a club and fell asleep immediately. McFlurry heard the sound of the humans falling to the ground behind it and turned around to look. It couldn't understand why the man who had just been exuding a strong aura of masculinity was suddenly lying asleep under the table. Anyway, if it were it, it would only want to find a female cat. It turned its head and continued to gaze at the floor to ceiling window, contemplating the future. The room was quiet. No one noticed that Suchin had a tuft of white hair on the back of his head. Headquarters of the voice of the night. After the video was turned off, the sleepiness on Queen's face vanished instantly. She opened Such Chen's chat window, intending to send a good night message, but ultimately deleted it. I opened moments again, but unfortunately, it was completely blank. "What a monotonous man," she sighed. How could she possibly sleep in this cold, lonely room? She just didn't want to disturb Su Chun and Shing Mings rest. on the bedside table were night's renovation plan and a disclaimer. The modification plan has been signed. The disclaimer is on the last page. The ballpoint pen is lying horizontally on top, but it hasn't been used yet. The above content is short, but it roughly means if night team's modifications cause irreversible problems for the Mecca girls, then night voice will not bear any responsibility. Of course, in this situation, any agreement will be void. No matter how many resources Black Voice spends, it has no right to retain possession of this Mecca girl. This is the ultimate bottom line for the Mecca Protection Association regarding any loopholes in the rules. It's not that the machine protection association doesn't want to fight for more rights for machine girls. Rather, this world is inherently filled with compromises and helplessness. The queen does not regret signing the disclaimer. Even if they don't sign, it won't have much of an impact on Night Voice. It's just a matter of paying compensation to the Mecca girls if something goes wrong. And Night Voice has no shortage of money. She signed a waiver in exchange for securing the best possible chance to save Shing. To minimize the possibility of long-term effects, it was worth it for her. She saw her own reflection in Shing. However, she is still locked in a cage. Shing Ming has broken through the darkness and emerged into the dawn. Even though it is covered in wounds, it still spreads its wings with all its might in the vast blue sky and soarses with the wind. She hopes her dreams will soar higher and farther. Rather than developing mental health issues from racing that prevent them from ever racing again, Shing Ming still has a bright future ahead of her with Suchin, a pilot who truly loves her. However, she is just a malfunctioning Mecca girl who has been modified and scrapped. Whether she can be restarted is unknown. Her future is bleak. So, it doesn't matter if it's even darker, right? At least her broken body brought some brilliance to others. At least she had followed that light and touched hope and happiness up close, even if it was only for less than half a month. That's great. The queen hugged the pillow in her arms tightly, staring at the pale ceiling above her head. This is the first time I've slept without the lights on. For the first time, I didn't have nightmares without having to hold a doll. This was the first time someone had praised her cooking. This is the first time I've managed my life with France. For the first time, vibrant colors appeared in the black and white of everyday life. Tears gradually blurred Queen's vision. she sighed with relief. Then he picked up the pen. Shing Ming was awakened by the sounds of McFlurry parkour. As felines, they are most active at night. She looked around in a daysaze. Her first reaction being that something was wrong with her body. The previous high temperature on the skin has disappeared. Instead, it gives you a sense of power and a feeling of complete relaxation. She quickly realized that mass had replaced her modification core. based on the experience of previous modifications. She immediately lowered her head. Call Dash. Thank goodness. Thank goodness. Meow. It didn't get any bigger here. She felt that it was fine as it was before and that if it got bigger, it would cause physical disharmony, which would not only be shameful, but also make her clothes look bad. She gently patted her chest and breathed a sigh of relief. But then I felt a completely different kind of elasticity. Meow. Shing Mmings eyes widened. What happens? This doesn't feel right. She immediately ran to the entrance hall to look in the mirror. Wow. Meow. Dash. Looking at herself in the mirror, Shingman let out a gasp. She was still wearing that familiar black and white made outfit, but the curve of her chest is fuller and rounder than before. It outlines a more beautiful and smooth curve. The lace trim on the front of the maid outfit was perfectly stretched out without a single wrinkle, making her look even cuter and highlighting the delicate lines of her shoulders and neck. She thought something terrible had happened. It turns out that my posture has become more upright. Shing Ming turned left and right in delight. The delicate figure in the mirror also swayed lightly. From any angle, the maid outfit seemed to be enchanted, perfectly fitting the new silhouette and looking more fitted and playful than before. It's amazing. I really look better now. Meow. She looked at herself in the mirror and couldn't help but reach out a finger and carefully poke it. The amazing elasticity made her stunned, her mouth forming an O shape. Now that it looks better, I'll definitely share it with Master right away. Shing M rushed into the bedroom with a du du duh sound only to find it empty. Then with a du du duh sound, she rushed into the bathroom. There was still no one inside. Finally, she found Suchin who had fallen into a deep sleep under the dining table. Why does master sleep on the floor? Do you not like sleeping in a bed? Do you still think she's too hot like you did yesterday and the day before? Shing Ming squatted by the dining table, tilted her little head, twitched her cat ears, and pondered for a moment while looking at Such Chin sleeping on the floor. Moss, she called softly, poking Su Chen's face with her finger. But Su Chens breathing was steady, showing no signs of waking up. Meow. Shing looked at the remaining parts on the balcony and roughly understood. Moss must be too tired. She's crafted so many cores in a row, especially her current one. Moss must have put in a lot of effort, right? Thinking of this, she couldn't help but feel heartbroken. What should we do now? The floor is hard and cold. Master will catch a cold if she sleeps here. Shing Ming immediately wanted to pick up Suchin and carry him to the bedroom, but then she hesitated. Ma is sleeping soundly now. Making too much noise will wake him up. That way, you won't get proper rest. Shing Mings delicate eyebrows furrowed slightly. Moving it might wake people up, but not moving it might cause them to catch a cold. She blinked her large, bright blue eyes, a glint of inspiration flashing within them. I've got it. Meow. Shing carefully laid down next to Such Chin. First, she turned to the side, squeezing her soft body into Such Chen's arms, and then pulled Such Chen's arm around her slender waist. After doing all this, she curled up like a cat that had found a comfortable little nest, pressing her pretty face against Such Chen's chest. "He, that's good, Meow." Shing Ming muttered softly. "I'm such a genius Mecca girl." Her body temperature is no longer alarmingly high as it used to be. However, the temperature of a Mecca girl is still warmer than that of an ordinary human. At this moment, she nestled in Such Chen's arms like a little heater, transferring her body heat to him. That way, even if she slept on the cold floor, Masta wouldn't feel cold. The scent of Masta lingered around my nose. It smelled of a mixture of sweat and soap. She didn't find the smell unpleasant. On the contrary, it made her feel more at ease. Shingan also felt a wave of weariness wash over her. She adjusted her position one last time, pressing her soft body tightly against Such Chen's embrace, then chuckled and closed her eyes with peace of mind. The soft cat tail unconsciously and with a touch of affection gently rested on Such Chen's calf. The cool moonlight streamed through the living room's floor toseeiling windows. It flowed across the floor, creating a tranquil silver glow. Suddenly, tiny specks of starlight spilled out from Shing Mings body, flowing along the arms wrapped around her waist and towards Such Chen's body. Suchin subconsciously tightened his arms, and the doineering force made the girl in his arms let out an unconscious moan. In less than a quarter of an hour, the starlight gradually faded away. The white hair on the back of Such Chen's head also disappeared. The room was quiet. The only sound was the McFlurry licking its fur. Chapter 79. What have I done? Suchin had a dream. He dreamed that he was flying in the sky holding a soft cloud. The key is that these clouds are not only very soft and bouncy, but also smell like milk candy. The cloud with the flavor of milk candy was not only comfortable to hug, but also very sweet. He licked it a few times, but it didn't taste like milk candy. However, it's understandable that clouds don't have a smell. As long as they're comfortable to hold and won't fall off, it's fine. He hugged the cloud tightly, rubbing against its soft surface every now and then. It felt much better than the life-siz body pillow he bought when he was in college. However, what puzzled him was every time he tightened his arms, the cloud would let out a soft meow. Clouds can even meow like cats. Ah, interesting. Cloud, you've successfully caught my attention. Wait, why does that voice sound so familiar? Suchin suddenly woke up with a start. The expected soft feel of the bed didn't come. Instead, I was on a cool, hard floor. He was stunned for a moment, then his vision focused, and what he saw was not the familiar ceiling, but the wood grain under the dining table. More importantly, he was indeed holding something in his arms. The clouds remain soft and warm, carrying a genuine warmth and a faint sweet aroma of milk candy. He subconsciously tightened his arms and rubbed them together. The feel is absolutely superb. It's even softer and more comfortable than a throw pillow. Woo dash. A soft sleepy whimper tinged with grievance rang out against his chest. Suchin froze fully waking up from the lingering effects of the dream. He suddenly lowered his head. What comes into view is a head of smooth, silvery white long hair with two fluffy, slightly trembling cat ears drooping pitifully between the strands. Shings exquisitly beautiful face buried in his chest lifted slightly at this moment because of his movement. Her large azure eyes still held the bewilderment of someone just waking up and a hint of accusation after being ravaged. Her delicate nose wrinkled slightly. Her pink lips pouted unconsciously and her slender arms were still wrapped around his waist. She looked like a large warm doll held tightly in his arms, unable to move. Star dream. The milk candy flavored cloud from his dream was currently being used as a cushion on the floor by him. Shining didn't seem to be fully awake yet. Her eyes were dazed and a little agrieved. She sniffed, her soft voice slightly nasal, her tone a mix of coetishness and confusion. Moss, are you awake? But why are you licking Shings face like a puppy, making it itchy? Such Chin. He noticed that Shing Mings right cheek was indeed wet with saliva. No wonder the clouds in my dream smelled delicious but tasted bland. What has he done? Their eyes met. His face was clearly reflected in Shings clear eyes. They were so close that Suchin could count Shing Mings long curled eyelashes. He could feel her warm milky scented breath gently brushing against his chin. Her face showed the drowsiness of just waking up mixed with a hint of innocent naivity like a newborn animal completely defenseless. Those slightly pouting pink lips exuded a silent allure at such an ambiguous distance. A strong impulse surged in Such Chen's heart. It's like an engine that's been put into gear. And the RPM is gradually increasing. It was an instinctive desire. If he could get a kiss, it's hard to imagine what a sunny and cheerful boy he would become. Gulp. His Adam's apple bobbed involuntarily, and his body seemed to have a mind of its own, slowly and tentatively tilting downwards. His gaze was fixed firmly on those two delicate lips. Shing noticed Suchin approaching. She blinked, her eyelashes fluttering, a hint of confusion and shyness flashing in her clear eyes. She didn't know what she was shy about, but her cheeks involuntarily flushed pink, which gradually spread to her ears. Moss is so close. Do you need her to check your nose hairs? H after being criticized by Queen last time, I've trimmed it properly and it's very clean now. However, stubble has grown back. It's getting closer. Shing Ming stared blankly at Suchin. There was only one thought in my mind. Do I need to get that close to check my nose hairs and beard? Masa's body pressed down on her completely, making it hard for her to breathe. Although I don't find this feeling unpleasant, something just feels off. Shing didn't flinch, but just tilted her head slightly in confusion. Her eyes as pure as spring water without any impurities. It was this pristine purity that cooled the impulse in Such Chen's heart for a moment. Just then, thump, splash, splash, splash, splash. A loud and rhythmic sound of cats digging in the litter box with the ruthless, almost digging to the ground sounding intensity characteristic of a McFlurry burst forth from the litter box in the corner of the living room, instantly shattering the delicate atmosphere under the dining table. Such Chen's movements froze instantly, as if a pause button had been pressed. Shing Ming turned her head to look at the litter box, sniffed, and her keen sense of smell made her frown immediately. Ah, Master McFlurry pooped. It stinks. Meow. McFlurry, who was struggling to defecate, squinted disdainfully at the two people stacked on top of each other. H, what a foolish Mecca girl and pilot. If the McFlurry is without its balls, then you can forget about doing anything. Suin hadn't smelled the McFlurry cat poop yet, but he was completely awake. Shing Ming knows nothing. She's such a naive Mecca girl. And he actually he almost did something to the catgirl in his arms who didn't understand human emotions at all and only instinctively depended on him. A surge of intense self-loathing, something I never felt before, welled up inside me. A nightclub girl is a nightclub girl, and a star dream is a star dream. How can you treat Shing Ming the same way that Sigma treated him in the past? He immediately let go, almost frantically propping himself up from Shing Ming and creating some distance. Um, Such Chen's voice was a little dry, his eyes darting around, not daring to meet Shing Mings pure gaze. I'm sorry, Shing Mang, I'm pressing down on you. I must have been half asleep. As he spoke, he awkwardly tried to crawl out from under the table. His movements were stiff and his head hit the bottom of the table with a thud, making him wse in pain. When Shing saw Suchin hit his head, the weariness and confusion in his eyes vanished instantly. She quickly supported Suchin, who was about to fall, and the Mecca girl's immense strength instantly stabilized Such Chen's unbalanced body. Mass, did your head hurt? Meow. Shing Ming will rub it for you. No, it's nothing. Suchin hunched over and crawled out of the table, only daring to stand up straight when his back was to shing. He scratched the back of his head, his voice betraying his panic. That McFlurry, well, it should be done, but it smelled a bit strong. Suchin stammered, his eyes darting around as he pointed towards the litter box. Shing, you'd better go and clean it up, otherwise the smell will get even worse. calm. He desperately needs to calm down. Ah, right. It smells so bad. Shings attention was indeed drawn to the biological weapon. Her cat ears perked up and she nodded seriously. Shing Mming will go clean it up right away. After saying that, she immediately turned around and rushed towards the litter box with small quick steps. Suchin watched Shimings retreating figure let out a long sigh, and his tense nerves finally relaxed a little. I was busy for so long last night, and I still smell of sweat. I need to calm down right now. Let me take a shower." He silently turned and walked toward the bathroom, though his steps were somewhat unsteady. Shiming paused slightly as she heard the bathroom door close. She tilted her head, her long silvery white hair slipping down her shoulder with the movement. Her large azure eyes were filled with confusion. "Masta is really strange today." "H maybe Moss isn't fully awake yet." Meow? She muttered softly, then was pulled back to reality by the rich fragrance emanating from the litter box. "Uh, McFlurry, you little rascal, how could you poop so much?" She pinched her nose and quickly continued to deal with the biological weapon left behind by McFlurry. McFlurry yawned on the sofa. Ha, you foolish Mecca girls. Did you really think it held it in all night for nothing? If biological weapons weren't powerful enough, how could they have such a strong interruption effect? Chapter 80. All of them were eaten two in one. In the bathroom, the icy water rushed down, making Su Chin shiver. He closed his eyes and let the cold water wash away the heat in his heart. But the scene from before kept replaying in my mind. Shing Mings bewildered and sleepy eyes, her slightly flushed cheeks, her pink lips, and that tantalizing scent of milk candy. Ugg. This is killing me. Suchin sighed, pressing his forehead against the cold tiles. Strangely enough, he usually feels weak when he wakes up, but today he was unusually energetic. This excitement is not just caused by mental and visual stimulation. And his body, his body seems to have become more active than before. It's important to understand that he didn't transmigrate in spirit, but rather in body. Before he transmigrated, his health was not good. His job as a modifier often kept him up all night, and he also drank heavily, smoked, and took care of his physical needs whenever he had nothing to do. Various unhealthy lifestyle habits caused his body to age prematurely. And he has long lost the vitality of a young man. But after a good night's sleep last night, he seemed to have returned to his college days and that youthful energy had returned. Sleeping while holding Shing has this effect. Why didn't he notice when Shing Ming was holding him before? Does he have to take the initiative to hold Shing Ming in his arms? Suchin pondered as he rinsed the foam off his body. If that's the case, then I'll have to sleep with Shing Ming from now on. After taking a shower, Shing Ming had already prepared breakfast. She was sitting obediently at the dining table with her hands supporting her chin. When she saw Suchin come out, her eyes immediately lit up and her cat ears stood up with joy. Master, come eat. How's the fried rice I learned from Queen? Suchin glanced at the fried rice on the table. Um, in terms of appearance, it didn't have the gloomy style of death cuisine, which reassured him a little. However, every time queen cooks, Hashino only watches from the side without actually doing it. Can she really learn it? With some doubt and anticipation, he took a bite. He chewed slowly, his brows furrowed slightly. I could clearly feel Shing Ming holding her breath and looking expectantly at me. Great, delicious. Suchin gave Shing Ming a thumbs up. There was no consolation involved, only genuine sincerity. Although it's not quite as good as Queen's fried rice, it's still good enough to have customers buying it if you set up a small stall outside. Really? Hino's eyes lit up even more, and her tail wagged wildly behind her. It was clear that she was very happy to have gained Mast's approval. Suchin didn't speak, instead woofing down his food as an answer. He came back yesterday and started modifying Shing Ming without having time to eat. He slept until noon again and was already starving after two meals. Shing Ming rested her cheeks on her hands and smiled at Suchin, her little feet swinging idly under the table, following the rhythm of her swinging tail. Moss, no need to eat so fast. There's more in the pot. It's so delicious. Suchin replied in a moment. It's so tasty. I'll eat as much as there is. Hearing Suchin say this, Shing Ming was even happier and immediately ran into the kitchen and brought out a whole pot of egg fried rice. The pot was slammed onto the table with a thud, causing the table to shake three times. Suchin stared dumbfounded at the large pot, which contained enough fried rice for at least five people. Master, all of these are yours. Shing Ming scooped up a large spoonful of fried rice and put it into Su Chen's bowl, saying with a look of anticipation, "You have to eat it all." "Uh" Suchin paused for a moment, wishing he could slap his past self from 10 seconds ago. "Isn't this isn't this a bit too much?" Queen said that one spoonful of rice is enough to finish. So, does Moss think that Shing Mings cooking is not good? That's not what I meant at all. Then eat it all. Moss said it herself. Meow. Such looked at Shing Mings pitiful appearance. Like a child longing for recognition. The words of refusal were on the tip of his tongue, but he couldn't bring himself to say them. All he could do was stuff mouthfuls of rice into his mouth, sweating profusely. As it turns out, human potential is limitless. Suchin finished the egg fried rice, which was enough for six people. Suchin vowed that for at least a month, he didn't want to see any kind of fried rice in front of him again. He looked at Shing Ming listlessly. Did Queen really tell you that you could finish a spoonful of rice? Yes. Shing Ming nodded seriously, then took the spoon out of the kitchen and showed it to Such Chin. Such Chen's vision went black and he almost couldn't catch his breath. Star dream. Is it possible that the spoonful of rice queen was referring to as a rice scoop from a rice bag and not this kind of water scoop? If I'm not mistaken, this water ladle is what Queen used to water the plants in the kitchen. Its diameter is almost the size of a human head. No wonder he can make such a big pot of fried rice. Shing Ming actually used this water ladle to scoop up a whole spoonful of rice. How could there not be a lot of these? Oh, is that so? Shing Ming blinked her big eyes, looking as if she had just realized something. Because eggs are nutritious, she thought she should add more and ended up with more than a dozen. The queen also said that humans need to replenish salt every day, so she just ate three spoonfuls. I had just cooked a lot of rice, and by some strange twist of fate, the proportions were actually correct. Suchin almost choked to death. It's understandable that Shing Ming made some mistakes since it was her first time cooking. Besides, the little girl was already giving him a pitiful tummy massage. What more could he possibly want? Shing Ming rubbed Such Chen's stomach for a while and was about to get up to wash the dishes, but suddenly felt weak and sat back down. She happened to sit on Suchin's lap. The warm, soft body nestled into his arms, something Suchin would normally find quite pleasant. But at that moment, he almost spat out the fried rice he had just eaten. He quickly supported Shing Ming, preventing her from lying completely in his arms. "What's wrong, Shing Mming? It seems like the battery is about to run out." Shing Ming slumped down, her upper body resting on the table, looking drowsy. "No more battery? How could that be?" Suchin was stunned. I gave Shing Ming a nutrient solution yesterday, which is usually done when the Mecca girl is not unfolding into a car body. A bottle of nutrient solution of standard concentration can sustain the operation of the Mecca girl in human form for at least 7 days. During this time, the Mecca girl can also gain a small amount of battery life by eating human food. So, it usually takes more than 7 days. But now, Star Dream's battery is dead after just one night. It's impossible that I went and drove a few laps around the Bingjo underground city track last night. He subconsciously glanced at Shings condition. Name: Star Dream Star Emblem. Radiant light team enhancement. Speed 66. Curves 67. Stable 44. Burst 42. Battery life 60. Modification core succubus number one blue purple effect omitted stigmata emperor engine current level C plus special talents one awakening two kgirl appearance specialization three silent movement frequency 51%. status hungry needs nutrient solution evaluation capable of serving in bed and conquering the battlefield. Putting aside the question of where to find another catgirl specialized mecha girl of such exceptional quality, her modified core and purple stigmata are somewhat excessive. The state has changed to hunger that definitely requires supplemental nutrition. Besides that, there doesn't seem to be any other reason, etc. Suchin narrowed his eyes. If I remember correctly, Shings special talent one was previously unawwakened. Is the special talent one now awakening? Could it be that the special talent awakening absorbed too much energy causing Star Dreams endurance to be insufficient? This seems to be the only explanation. Special talent skill is special skill that other Mecca girls can only awaken at Srank. It is said that it is not 100% awakened yet and requires a trigger and stimulation from special materials. Does this mean that Star Dream can awaken before reaching Srank? This is just a case of someone simply copying a genius template. Suchin was overjoyed and almost couldn't resist hugging and kissing Shing Ming. You wait here first. He carefully helped Shing Ming lie down on the table. He then hurriedly ran to the storage room and brought out a whole box of plum and bitter melon flavored nutrient solution. A full 50 bottles of nutrient solution were neatly arranged on the table. Star dream. Drink up. Don't be shy. Suchin took the initiative to unscrew a bottle of nutrient solution and placed it in front of Shing Ming. Shing Ming stared at the five rows of nutrient solution bottles in front of her. her small mouth slightly open and her bright blue eyes wide open. She glanced at the nutrient solution, then looked up at Suchin, whose face was filled with eagerness and encouragement. A fleeting image flashed through her little mind of the video queen had shown her about human New Year celebrations, the pigs being fed until they were plump and then carried away. Suchin thought Shing would be very happy. Even though this girl is with him, she is very frugal. The other Mecca girls usually drink nutrient solution like a beverage and they show off a bottle whenever they have free time. But Shing Ming wouldn't. She would only drink it when her battery was low. I'll only take out a bottle and have a small sip to satisfy my craving when I'm really craving something sweet. He told Shing Ming several times that she didn't need to be so frugal. But the girl wouldn't listen at all, saying things like she wanted to save him money. However, Shing Ming was not very happy. Tears welled up in her large deep blue eyes. Uggh. Master must think Starream isn't working anymore. Are you going to fatten up Star Dream and then then slaughter it? Meow. The more Shingman thought about it, the more she felt that her guess was correct. Although Masta often tells her that she doesn't need to be so frugal. Just let her drink the nutrient solution like other Mecca girls. But also, I didn't just make her drink a whole case at once. She huddled on the chair, looking dejected, and secretly touched her flat stomach. The skin there was firm and supple without an ounce of fat, yet she could almost feel fat accumulating there. That's terrifying. Shing Ming quickly hugged her curled up tail, using it as a shield to protect herself. Seeing Suchin remain silent, she pitifully tugged at the corner of Such Chen's clothes, half pleading and half whining. Moss, don't fatten Shing Ming up. Shing Ming just learned how to make fried rice and hasn't even made it from Moss a few times yet. So, so please don't kill Shiming now. Okay. Suchin chapter 81. Hino prepares to advance to rank B. Silly girl. What do you mean by killing her or not? Suchin pinched shimming soft pretty face. Didn't your battery run out? I just wanted you to drink more to see if it would have any effect. After all, it's strange that sleeping for one night would deplete your battery. He made up a random excuse. They did not tell Shing Ming about the awakening of her special talent. One reason is that he is still unsure. Another reason he feared was that Shings emotions would fluctuate wildly and that despite being full of hope, she might still fail to awaken successfully. She will definitely feel guilty and depressed because of this. Don't let her seemingly simple and honest appearance fool you. Actually, she does have some internal conflict and anxiety-prone personality traits. Meow. That's right. Shing Mming stroked her chin and nodded without a doubt. The battery ran out overnight, which is indeed suspicious. Moss is really observant. Suchin, you're clearly just being silly. He secretly grumbled to himself. Shing picked up a bottle of nutrient solution, skillfully opened it with a flick of her wrist, then tilted her head back, and gulped it down. In less than two breaths, she had finished the entire 1,000 ml bottle of nutrient solution. Her decisive and efficient manner suggested that she was consuming it in a whirlwind. After finishing, goes straight for the second bottle. The third bottle. Suchin was dumbfounded and amazed. After finishing the fifth bottle, Shing Ming paused and looked at Suchin. Mas, I don't feel any change. Meow. My energy was already fully replenished after the first bottle. Drinking the next four bottles is just a waste. She looked at the five empty bottles with a pang of heartache. There are four bottles that you don't need to drink. This all comes from master's money. Suchin stared at the three words. Awakening in progress on the star dream panel which remained completely still and pondered for a moment. I wouldn't say I'm disappointed as expected. This awakening should be a gradual process. Or was he just delusional, thinking that drinking nutrient solution would allow him to fully awaken? If it were that simple, wouldn't top mecha girls with special abilities be everywhere? Okay, then I won't drink anymore. Suchin looked at Shing Mings perfectly flat stomach and while inwardly marveling said softly, "You don't need to worry about wasting the nutrient solution in the future. It was bought for you to drink as a beverage. These nutrient solutions have an expiration date. If they expire, they can't be drunk, and that would be a real waste. Wow, it has an expiration date. Shing Ming was startled, clutching the bottle and twitching her ears. But I remember the nutrient solution didn't have an expiration date. I have what I bought. Suchin lied without batting an eye. Shing Ming, however, showed no sign of doubt. She was torn, agonizing for a long time, fiddling with the empty bottle in her hand. Finally, as if making a great decision, she weakly said, "Then then I'll just drink one bottle a day from now on. That way, it shouldn't expire and go to waste, right?" "No." Suchin shook his head. "I have to drink two bottles a day." Shing Ming was somewhat at a loss, never having imagined such a luxurious life as drinking two bottles of nutritional fluid a day. Based on the cost of a regular fruit flavored nutrient solution, the daily cost is 1,000 yuan and the monthly cost is 30,000 yuan. She counted on her fingers for a while. If you save this money, you can buy a decent upgrade core in a year. All right. All right. Stop calculating. Suchin pressed Ching Mings hand down. You got so much nutrient solution from the gas hopon last time. If you don't drink it quickly, you won't be able to finish it. Even if you want to save it, you have to finish it first. Shing Ming tilted her head and thought about it, and it seemed to make sense. It obediently nodded and meowed. Suchin patted Shings little head, secretly amused. He now has a thorough understanding of the modifier market and knows the prices of basic modules and core modifications. From now on, whenever I'm short of money, I'll just casually craft a blue modification core. How could Star Dreams food expenses be reduced? Unfortunately, unlike humans, Mecca girls don't get fat. They all have standard figures with only slight differences depending on their star power style. Otherwise, he would definitely have fed Shing Ming until she was plump and healthy. It needs to have some meat on it to feel good to the touch, especially the curve of the thighs shaped by the stockings. That's truly exquisite. He after resting for a while and waiting for the six servings of fried rice in my stomach to digest a little, I finally got some rest. Suchin packed the three primary star essences and took Shing out. Because he wasn't sure if Shing met the standards for promotion to rank B. After all, his assessment of her as qualified was just a guess based on data. He decided to take Shing to the Northern Wolf Club for a professional test. If you meet the promotion criteria, you can upgrade Shing at the Northern Wolves Club. Incidentally, he also wanted to show Shing the track for the City Car King Championship. The distance between K City and Bingo City is far. However, with the help of high-speed sky rails, the time required to travel this route is greatly reduced. A little after 1 p.m., Suchin led Shing Ming into the Northern Wolf T2 office area. I was greeted by Noah, a girl showing off her food. Across from this girl sat a female android I'd never seen before with short flax and hair playing on her phone with her legs crossed. It's worth noting that she actually has a pair of round ears that resemble those of a teddy bear. Is that a hair clip? Such wondered. Hey, it's Such Chun and Shing Ming. When Noah saw Such Chun and Shing Ming enter, she immediately waved enthusiastically. "Have you had lunch yet?" She picked up the lunch box in her hand. "The egg fried rice for lunch today was so delicious. It was stir-fried with dry pot prawns. The prawns were all peeled. Would you like some?" Such Chen's vision went black, and he instinctively gagged. "Fried rice with egg? Why is it fried rice with egg again?" He quickly took two steps back away from the fried rice in Noah's hand. Oh, Suchin, you're not interested in fried rice. That's such a shame. Norah sighed with heartache. Life without fried rice is like having only the sun but no moon. It's incomplete. Okay, stop. Let's change the subject. Suchin felt a spasm in his stomach and quickly told Noah to shut up. It seems that Shing Ming has met the requirements for promotion to be level Mecca girl. I brought her here for a test and also to see what the city car king championship is all about. Has Shingman already been promoted to be class car. Noah's eyes lit up. She put down her chopsticks and lunchbox. You've come at the right time. That testing device is very power consuming and is usually not turned on. However, it was turned on just now because Huan Sheruan's Mecca girl was also going to be promoted to B-class. So, he tested him and his Mecca girl. Noah got up and led the way with Su Chin and Shing Mang following behind. Huang Shiruan. Such Chin was taken aback. Huang Xis Mecca girl is Chuan Yun. He vaguely remembered seeing Chuan Yians attributes last time. Speed 58, cornering 70, stability 61, burst 45, and endurance 37. Only two attributes exceeded 60. Could it be that the other party raised the speed attribute of cloud piercing to over 60 in just over a day? Yes, that's the arrogant blonde guy. You guys have seen him before. Noah didn't turn around, his voice drifting slowly over. But to be fair, Juan Shuin is quite capable. He took Chuan to the Rongqing City Championship last night and won first place. I just received the blessing of the star god this morning. He's surprisingly a very hardworking guy. As they spoke, Such Chin and Shing Mang had already followed nowhere to the front of the modification room. Separated by a glass wall, you can clearly see a device inside that looks like an MRI scanner. The blonde Mecca girl, Chuan, lay nervously on the instrument. Huang Xiun stood beside the instrument, holding Chuan Yians hand with gentle eyes, saying something. Chapter 82. Star Dreams new friend. Suchin and Shing Mang followed Noah into the room. Huang Sheruan shut his mouth and looked over at Suchin. The two drivers eyes met, and the whole room fell silent for a moment. Shing Ming glanced at Huang Mao and then at Suchin, vaguely sensing an electric arc flickering in the air between them. She quickly grabbed Such Chen's hand and glared fiercely at the blond-haired man. He was holding on to Mast's arm to transfer power, and he was glaring at the blonde guy to unleash his killing intent together with Masta. Now that she and Master have combined, the effect is greater than the sum of its parts. So, they're definitely going to be incredibly fierce. Such Chen, just the champion of the city championship. I thought it was something big, but it turns out his opponents were a bunch of trash. Huang Shushu in sneered, but still kept an eye on Chuan as it was being sent into the instrument. Do you really need your Mecca girls to go to that level in a competition that has no challenge whatsoever? That's terrible. Dawang, you can't say that. No, wearing a white lab coat and carrying a laptop came out of the next room. Such Chin and Shing Ming faced two professional racers during the race. One was Yuming and Juing from our club and the other was Su Chay and Fong Hi from Bingos top club, Shinguan. Both of them are considered overpowered in the City Championship. And you? She pushed up her glasses. Although your match against Tuan last night was excellent, your average speed wasn't as high as Such Chen and Chingis. Also, none of your opponents were professional players. you. The blondhaired guy seemed not to have heard Noah's analysis because there was something even more devastating for him. He clenched his fists, his voice, "Don't call me Big Yellow." Noah ignored the blondhaired man's angry expression and said with a smile, "But you're like a big golden retriever next to Chuan. Even though the physique of a Mecca girl is several times that of a human, you're always thinking about protecting Chuan. When you came, I saw it through the French windows. Whenever a car came from the opposite direction, you would nervously pull Shuan Yun to the inside of the road. That is, Huan Shushuan frowned slightly, a hint of sadness flashing in his eyes, but he swallowed the words he was about to say. In short, don't give people nicknames. He brought the point back to the main issue, but Noah had already turned the notebook over to show him. Suchin could also see the data on the computer screen. The data detected by the instrument was the same as what he saw with his divine eye. Speed 58, cornering 73, stability 63, burst 45, endurance 37. Compared to the attributes we saw last time, the Cloud Piercer's cornering and stability have increased by three points and two points, respectively. Given that cloud piercer is a mecha girl with the star emblem storm, it's not hard to guess that the five point attribute boost comes from the star god's blessing. So in a sense, the star god's blessing is equivalent to the mecha girl leveling up and she will also gain five attributes. These five attributes will be automatically assigned according to the mecha girl's star power type. Suchin was speechless. Even the star god knew the advantages of training mecha girls according to the star emblem type. But the modifiers in this world were so inflexible. Unfortunately, Chuan Yun doesn't yet meet the requirements for promotion. Noah tapped the laptop screen lightly. The basic requirement for a Mecca girl to be promoted to be rank is that three attributes reached the passing grade, which is above 60. You're still one short, but it's coming soon. Speed is 58, just one step away from 60. Train hard before the City Car King Championship. Or perhaps we could find a training capsule to boost speed, which would also allow Chuan Yun to break through the 60 mark. For a fleeting moment, Juan Sheruins eyes showed resentment, but he immediately waved his hand dismissively. How could I possibly give Chuan something with such obvious side effects like the training capsule? We will improve its performance through our own efforts, or at worst, we'll modify it. Taking one capsule a month is perfectly safe. Norah sighed. dont be so rigid. However, she didn't say much because she knew that Hang Shuin with his personality wouldn't listen to her. The instruments slowly opened, and Chuan Yian descended from above. She walked purposefully behind Huang Shuan, took his hand, and remained timid and silent, like a little sister relying on her brother for protection. However, her gaze still lingered curiously on Shing Mings cat ears and tail. And Shing Ming seems to have noticed this as well. She deliberately twitched her right ear, and Chuan looked to the right. "Move your left ear again," and Chuan will stare to the left. Her tail wagged back and forth behind her, and Chuys little head swayed back and forth as well. "We!" The smug laugh startled Chuan Yun. She subconsciously looked up and saw Shings smile and mischievous eyes. Her pretty face immediately turned red. She pursed her lips and looked down at her toes. However, Shing Ming had no intention of letting her go. A cell phone screen appeared in her lowered field of vision. The above is a QR code. The QR code shows a man sleeping. He's handsome and looks familiar. Suddenly, Chuan Yun realized that this man was none other than Suchin, the pilot whom Master had always disliked. Master said Suchin is no good. Like those guys, he's a villain who treats Mecca girls as tools. But she thought Suchin was all right. Shing Ming was very happy and content following Suchin. That happiness emanated from within and was indescribable. But as a Mecca girl, she could clearly sense it. just like her and her master. "Do you have any green bubbles?" Shing Ming asked generously. "I'd like to add you as a friend. Is that okay?" "Huh?" Chuan Yun was stunned. She hadn't expected things to turn out this way. She instinctively looked at Master, but Master was staring at Star Dreams Master, and the tension between them was palpable. Master had no time to attend to her request. helpless, she could only make her own judgment based on the situation before her. So, after a slight hesitation, she took out a small pink phone and scanned the Star Dream QR code. It's a pleasure to meet you, Star Dream. Chuan Yun pursed her lips and nodded shily. It's so nice to meet you, Meow. You'll be my third friend from now on. Shing Ming saw the newly popped up message box and happily sent a meme of a cat with its hands on its hips laughing. Then she sent all the made outfit selfies from her album. Moss bought me a car cover. Does it look good? Instead of asking directly, we sent messages face to face through the green bubble. It's pretty and cute. Chuan Yan also typed a reply on her phone, a slight smile playing on her lips. Star dream. This is McFlurry, Queen's cat. Chuan Yun, what an adorable kitten. Chuan Yun, if it's that cute, then it's acceptable for its poop to smell, right, Shingman? That's right. You probably haven't met Queen. I'll introduce you to her sometime. Her cooking is absolutely delicious. The two Mecca girls sat shoulderto-shoulder on the sofa in the modification room and started chatting. Surprisingly, the murderous aura between Su Chin and Huang Shushuin softened somewhat amidst the eerie atmosphere. Hey, this is the test report from Shuan Yun. Keep it safe. Norer handed a freshly printed document to Hang Shiruan. If there's nothing else, you can go now. By the way, today the cafeteria is serving dry pot shrimp and egg fried rice. It's amazing. You can try it if you're interested. The blond-haired man took the test report with a huff and said sarcastically, "I'm not even a member of the Northern Wolf Club yet, so I'm not qualified to eat your food. You'll get the money for the test report separately." After saying that, he showed no intention of leaving. Instead, he glanced sideways at Suchin. Why are you looking at me like that? Suchin said puzzled. I don't eat the fried rice here either. Aren't you also going to test Shing? Juan Shushuins eyes turned slightly cold. This testing device can not only see the attributes of the Mecca girl, but also conduct a preliminary test on her condition. How you treat your Mecca girl can be roughly determined by this test. Suchin rolled his eyes. I can't be bothered with Hong Sukun since Noer has already said that you can advance if all three attributes reach 60. That Shing clearly meets the requirements. However, the necessary procedures still need to be followed since only he has the divine eye. Let Huan Sheru and take a look. See if he's raised Shing to be healthy and chubby. Chapter 83. The mountain before you. The test results for Shing Ming are in. When Noah said that, only two people became very nervous. One is Star Dream. The other is Huang Sukun. Shing was anxious about whether her attributes could be promoted to be level. If she could be promoted to be level, she would be more confident in helping Masta achieve good results in the City Car King competition. Hang Shiruan glanced at Such Chin, who had an indifferent expression and sneered inwardly. So, they don't care about the test results for the Mecca girls. As expected, his guess was right. Suchin is the kind of scum who treats Mecca girls as tools. He's just good at disguising it. No matter how much such a scumbag tries to disguise himself, he can never be truly responsible to the Mecca girls. So, Hosino's condition is definitely Congratulations, Su Chin. Shing Mings attributes can be promoted to be great, and she's in great shape, full of energy. Noah's smiling words shattered all of Blond's guesses like a giant hammer. Meow dash. Shing Ming cheered and rushed to Such Chen's side, hugging his arm and blinking her big eyes affectionately. Mass, I can be promoted to a B- rank mecha girl now. This is all thanks to your hard work. Suchin smiled and patted Shimings head. No, it's because Masta takes good care of her. It's all thanks to your own hard work. Ma really takes good care of meow. Huang Shushuin couldn't stand it anymore and moved closer to Noah's laptop. He was stunned by Shings attributes on the screen. Speed 66, cornering 67, stability 44, burst 42, endurance 60. The attributes are very standard for a B- rank mecha girl. Furthermore, the attributes will be improved again after the upgrade, and it can be paired with a decent modification core. This Mecca girl could definitely shine in a competition of the level of the City Car King Championship. It's worth noting that B-class Mecca girls are extremely rare in City Championships. Professional racers like Suché and Yuming are exceptions. Therefore, the top three winners of the City Championship are basically a group of C-class or even D-class Mecca girls. With less than half a month until the king of cars competition, how much improvement can these C-class and D-class Mecca girls make? B-class Mecca girls are definitely a step below these Mecca girls. What he couldn't understand was why Shing could improve so quickly. Normally, a Mecca girl can be promoted once a year, which is considered fast. This requires a lot of investment in training programs, constantly saving money to replace the core with a better one until the Mecca girls attributes reach the promotion threshold and also finding a way to obtain the materials needed for the Mecca girls promotion. If he remembers correctly, before participating in the city championship, Shing Ming was just the C-class Mecca girl, right? Could it be? Su Chen, did you give Shing Ming a memory training capsule? Huang Shushuin glared at Suchin. You ate more than one? Let me tell you, this stuff is no good. Don't believe the claim that eating one a month won't have any side effects. I'm just saying this to make everyone scramble for them, especially to get big corporations to buy them for their Mecca girls. I didn't give Shing the training memory capsule. Suchin frowned slightly and took out a box from his bag. It's a training memory capsule awarded as a reward from the city championship to improve explosive performance. I can sell it to you if you're interested. Huang Shushuin glanced at the box in Such Chen's hand, which had a city championship badge on it. He was even more confused. How did you get her to be so quickly without giving her training memory capsules? I know the answer to this question. A cheeky voice rang out from the doorway. Yuming leaned against the door frame of the modification room with his hands in his pockets with a sleepy eyed beside him. You've probably seen the news about the lucky guy who got a purple stigma from the star god while shopping Gacha, right? And the person who got the purple stigmata was Suchin. He even equipped Star Dream with the purple stigmata. So, it's only natural that Star Dreams performance improved so quickly, isn't it? Yuming looked at the dumbfounded blonde man with great interest and said with a smile, "Da Huang, it's really impressive that you won first place in the city championship." "I apologize for the stereotypes I had about you before, but now blocking your way is a super mountain," Su Chin, who possesses both strength and luck. "You still have a long way to go." "Big yellow?" Hang shushuan stared at Yuming for a while. Then with a forced smile, he moved his lips and said, "Fish dog." "Hey, no, you son of a bitch." Yuming couldn't hold back any longer, rolled up his sleeves, and pointed at the blonde guy. Dare to have a go at me on our Northern Wolves training track? If you can catch me and shadow chaser, I'll call you dad. If you can't, you'd better kneel down and admit your mistake. Ha. Is this the mindset of AT2 professional racer from the Northern Wolves? Yellow Hair retorted not to be outdone and continued to criticize. A smurf who failed to smuff even in the city championships can only get pleasure from smuffing non-professional racers like me now. How pathetic, huh? Pleasure. No, no, no. How could defeating a blonde guy like you bring pleasure? I'm just teaching you how to respect your seniors. I don't have any senior fish dog and I won't acknowledge fish dog as my senior. Aya Yuming gritted his teeth. Kid, no, you're not allowed to call me fish dog. He the blond-haired man retorted, drawing out each word. Fried fish dog. Suchin glanced at Yuming, then at Huang Mao, and sat down on the sofa, crossing his legs and cracking sunflower seeds. The daily life of the northern wolves is quite pleasant, mainly characterized by comfort. If there were an ice cold Coke at this moment, it would be perfect. Hey, stop arguing. Noah rubbed her temples and stepped between the blonde guy and Yuming to mediate. Hey, stop arguing. It's not easy for anyone. You're going to kill someone by arguing like this. Meanwhile, Shing Ming was not idle either. While Yu Ming and Hang Sheruan were arguing, she managed to get close to Xaing and successfully add her as a friend and introduced the new friend I just met today, Chuan Yan, to Zhuing. Despite the intense rivalry between the pilots, the atmosphere among the Mecca girls was surprisingly pleasant. It was clear that Yuming and Huang Mas anger was about to reach a critical point. A series of crisp footsteps sounded outside the renovation room, eventually stopping at the doorway. I am Leini coughed lightly and knocked on the door of the modification room. But Yu Ming and Hang Shushuin were like two furious roosters, forehead to forehead, staring at each other, ready to fight at any moment. They completely ignored Li Yini's well-intentioned reminder. Noah's shrugged side and put the headphones hanging around her neck on her head. These headphones usually have good noise cancellation capabilities which can effectively isolate sound. Seeing that something was wrong, Suchin grabbed a few sheets of toilet paper, rolled them into balls, and stuffed them into his ears. Then he walked over to Shing Ming and pressed down on her soft cat ears. Juryang, on the other hand, was quite calm. He was wearing headphones when he came in. She could even pull out a spare pair of headphones for Chuan Yun to wear. Meanwhile, by the door, Li Yini's anger had reached its peak, far exceeding that of Yuming and Huang Mao. When the rage level reaches its peak, it will burst forth like a flash flood. Shut up, Dash. A furious roar echoed throughout the entire office building. As a few leaves fell outside the window, the whole world fell silent. Chapter 84. Such Chen's answer, part two. As we all know, city tracks are the simplest tracks. As professional drivers, the tracks we face will eventually turn into high difficulty tracks like mountain rally tracks. The City Car King Championship is a transitional event. Its track is not only a city kilometer track, but also about onethird of the track is a mountain track. In the T2 conference room of Northern Wolf, Such Chen sat in a row with Yuming, who was wearing a hearing aid, and Huang Mao. There were two other drivers behind them. They are the other two members of Northern Wolves T2, Li Xi Yuan, and Fonping. The five pilots Mecca girls sat across the conference table, separated from their respective masters. Compared to Such Chan and the others, who were obedient and silent, the Mecca girls seemed much more relaxed. Aside from Shing Ming and Schwan Yan, who sat upright like elementary school students, Zhuing and the other two Mecca girls all looked like seasoned veterans. Zhuing was holding a bag of potato chips and would pop one into her mouth every now and then. The two Mecca girls next to her were either dozing off or playing Candy Crush on their phones. It's not that they weren't listening attentively. Rather, it's the unique structure of the Mecca girls that allows them to remember everything without having to listen carefully. In addition, the lecturer was also a Mecca girl. This made them feel even more relaxed. The person explaining the track is Captain Lee Yini's Mecca Girl, Winter Bear. The track analyst went to get hemorrhoid surgery. Today's track analysis will be explained by Dong. As the Mecca girl who won the championship in this year's racing championship, she is perfectly capable of serving as a track analyst. And this Mecca girl named Winter Bear is the one Suchin saw when he entered, the one with round little barriers on her head. Suchin hadn't had time to use his divine eye on Winter Bear before. It was only then that I finally realized I should take a good look. Name: Winter Bear Cold 54 star power thunder burst. Speed 71, curve 58, stable 62, burst 82, battery life 65, modification core, black rock volcano type 4 purple, stigmata Thor's spear two-piece set, blue speed plus 5%, burst plus 5%, impact resistance plus 10%. Current grade B formerly A special talents one not activated two bear girl appearance specialization three can drink a lot frequency 35% driver leini status good psychological disorder evaluation a burst type mecca girl whose rank dropped from A to B due to psychological barriers but even with psychological barriers she still has a strong dominance on the attack. This attribute is quite impressive. As expected of the Mecca girl of the northern wolf T2 captain, "She truly deserves to be called a pillar of strength. Can such a powerful Mecca girl also have psychological problems?" Su Chun recalled the panel of Hanguins Mecca girl, Chuan, which he had seen before. Chuan Yun also had hidden injuries. Hidden injuries and psychological issues don't seem to be uncommon among the Mecca girls in this world. Especially for Mecca girls that have been around for a while or have experienced some major events, there are more or less some problems. Is this considered an occupational hazard? On the contrary, younger Mecca girls like Chasing Shadow and Star Dream are much healthier. Of course, it's also possible that he took good care of Shing. If Shing Ming continues to associate with someone like Wong Ting, she'll probably develop psychological issues later on. As Suchin pondered, he couldn't help but recall the racing cars from his previous life. Race cars that have been involved in serious accidents usually suffer hidden damage such as impacts or water damage. These hidden damages reduce the lifespan of the race car and will more or less affect its performance. In addition, improper driving, excessive mileage, and lack of maintenance can also lead to various problems with the race car. Wouldn't that make it similar to the Mecca girls in this world? Judging from the frequency of Leini and Dongs movements, it is clear that Li Yini is not the kind of driver who drives improperly or neglects maintenance. She must treat Dong Xiong very well. That leaves only one reason. Winterbear's psychological issues are likely due to a major accident. No one can predict major accidents on the track and this situation cannot be blamed on Leini. In case of emergencies, one can only rely on the driver's experience to try to avoid them. Therefore, not only must the performance of the Mecca girls be improved, but he himself must also improve his piloting skills so that he can better protect Chingi. His thoughts drifted further and further away, and Such Chen's gaze gradually became unfocused until a piece of chalk hit him on the forehead. Such Chin snapped out of his days only to find Dong Xiang already standing in front of him, staring at him with an unfriendly gaze. This Mecca girl is only half a head taller than Shing Ming and her appearance is on the cute side, but her gaze is surprisingly imposing. Such Chen, were you paying attention in class? What was the answer to my question? Answer me. Look me in the eyes. Suchin was dumbfounded. He was distracted. What could he possibly know? He knows nothing. Dong could tell from Such Chens dazed look that Such Chen hadn't heard her. "Ouch." She bared her teeth, skillfully pulled out a bottle of vodka from under her skirt, chugged down half of it, and rire of alcohol as she said. Distracted, "Huh? Don't think I won't scold you just because you're the city championship champion. So, what if you're the city championship champion? You're still a greenhorn on the racetrack of the king of cars championship. Suchin wiped the splatter of alcohol that Dong Xiong had sprayed on his face, glanced at the PPT again, and calmed down a bit. Excuse me, I didn't hear you clearly. Could you repeat the question? Winter Bear was very angry. Her pretty face was red. Or maybe she had vodka on her head, and the little barriers on her head seemed to stand up. She patted the PPT projection screen behind her heart. It was currently displaying a schematic diagram of a complex mountain track with a red X marked on a section of road with continuous S-curves and steep slopes. Okay, I'll ask you one more time. Winter Bear's voice was tinged with alcohol and anger as he pointed at the glaring red cross. On this section of road with its combination of a devil's hairpin bend, a steep slope, and a sharp turn, your average speed is 300 kilometers per hour. If in the last second before entering a turn, the navigator senses through mental connection at the rear drive wheel, usually your right rear wheel, experiences an unexplained momentary loss of pressure, as if it has been pierced by a sharp object. At this point, the car was already close to its maximum speed for entering the corner, and there were still opponents closely following behind. As a driver, what was your first reaction and the sequence of actions you took in the next 3 seconds? Tell me. The moment the question was raised, the meeting room fell silent. Even the action of stuffing potato chips into the camera stopped. The girl playing the match three game carefully put down her phone. The one who was drowsy suddenly raised his head. This question is tricky and potentially fatal. Moreover, this isn't the question Dong Xiang just asked. It's the question Dong Xiong is about to explain. We still don't know the answer. This was clearly a deliberate attempt to make things difficult for Suchin who was distracted. Hang Mau frowned deep in thought, his fingers tapping lightly on the table. Yuming looked at Suchin with shot and Freda. Yeah, this kid calls him fried fish dog every day and here comes the time to get his comeuppets. This is a very complex problem that will severely test the driver's ability to react in real time. He just tried to put himself in that situation and still couldn't answer. Lie Xi Yuan sitting in the back kept his head down afraid of being noticed by Dong while Fping looked completely bewildered as if to say, "This question is beyond the scope of the curriculum." T2 Captain Leini sat at the back of the conference room with her arms crossed. Her sharp eyes were fixed on Such Chin with great interest. She was eager to see what Such Chen's thoughts were on this situation. After all, Shing Ming had experienced a similar situation at tire blowout after a jump followed by a sharp right turn. The Mecca girls across the conference table held their breath. Shing Mings pretty face was pale as she stared at Suchin with worry in her eyes. Fingers flew across the phone keyboard under the table. If Master can't answer, she'll probably be punished by the seemingly fierce winter bear sister. Just like Wong Ting punished her, she didn't let her drink the nutritional fluid and made her go hungry. That's terrifying. The feeling of being hungry is awful. She didn't want Master to go hungry. Jurying muttered to himself, "Damn, this question is ruthless. Is sister Xiong serious? Winter Bear, hands on his hips and still holding the bottle, glared at Suchin. What? The city championship champion, stumped by a small problem in the mountain race. Just when everyone thought Suchin would be speechless, or when you force yourself to give a vague and useless answer like, "Slow down or break." Suchin narrowed his eyes slightly, his face expressionless. "What does he do? He's a car modifier. He's seen so many accident damaged cars. What kind of bizarre situations hasn't he encountered? He'd heard the same old advice countless times. So, even though Winterbear's questions were tricky, they were nothing to him. Oh, is this a difficult question? He got up and walked to the presentation document, pointing to the curve. First step, keep the steering wheel steady. Slightly counter steer the wheel with your right hand towards the side of the blowout, keeping the angle within 15°. This is not for steering, but to counteract the lateral force of the blowout. At the same time, depress the clutch with your left foot to disconnect the power transmission. Everyone was stunned by Such Chen's answer. Winter Bear, in particular, showed signs of his anger gradually turning clearer. Suchin tapped the curve diagram on the screen and continued. The second step is to control the deceleration. Never slam on the brakes. That's tantamount to suicide. Instead, you should use engine braking in conjunction with light braking to gradually reduce the speed. The third step is to find a way out. Abandon the best cornering line and cut into the apex of the corner much earlier to take a safe route. If the car loses control, let the rear of the car slide slightly and use fishtailing to help the front of the car point in the direction of exiting the corner. The most crucial thing is the steep slope ahead. When the Mecca girl reaches the top of the slope in a relatively controllable manner and begins to descend, she must make good use of the terrain and gravity. When going downhill, the vehicle leans forward, increasing pressure on the front wheels and restoring grip. Only then can you cautiously restore some power or apply heavier braking to use gravity to help the vehicle stably pass through the curve after the steep slope. After rounding the bend, immediately find a safe area to park to avoid being rearended, thus minimizing the damage to both the pilot and the mecha girl. As soon as he finished speaking, the entire conference room was so quiet you could hear a pin drop. Dongs hand holding the wine bottle froze in midair and the anger on his face also solidified replaced by astonishment and confusion. She discovered that she was actually a little can understand. Chapter 85 map analysis. Suchun looked at the silent crowd and felt a little uneasy. Could there be something wrong with his answer or should we answer according to the rules of this world? but he hadn't studied it either. These are all experiences he gained from years of working with accident vehicles as a chief modifier. If you ask him anything else, he probably really doesn't know. Winter Bear was still in a days, seemingly pondering Su Chen's answer and simulating the situation. Meanwhile, the Mecca girls below were already chatting in a WeChat group. Chasing Shadow Star Dream, what is your master saying? Can you understand it? I can understand each word individually, but I can't understand it when they're put together. Hino h meow as Masa's mecca girl. I definitely understood it all. Mas is super awesome. Chuan, sister shing is so amazing. Could you explain it to me? I really don't understand and I'm afraid of missing out on useful information. Shing Ming Mas will explain it later, right? Masa's explanation is easier to understand than mine. Mine is just my personal interpretation. He he smiley face. Dong Xiong finished the remaining half bottle of vodka in one gulp to calm his nerves and his gaze towards Suchin was now completely clear. Even Huang Shushuin, who had always held a prejudice against Such Chen, changed his expression. Yuming is all right, but he's a bit confused. Because Su Chen's explanation was too general and lacked many details, he hadn't yet figured out exactly how to proceed. This is mainly due to a lack of experience. If a professional racer from another planet were to come, the entire race would be automatically simulated in their mind. Slap, slap, slap, dash. A round of applause erupted from a corner of the conference room. It was Leini, the captain of Northern Wolves T2. She looked at Suchin with approval in her eyes. A very brilliant answer. It can be said to be the standard answer. I'm very curious, Such Chun. You haven't participated in many races, so how do you have such rich experience and sophisticated knowledge of handling track conditions? Suchin paused, his gaze unfocused. That he touched his nose and coughed lightly. You know the racing simulators and arcades, right? I've loved playing those since I was a kid, and I've been playing them for over 10 years, and that's how I am now. Wait a minute. I've been playing for over 10 years, too. Yuming covered his face, looking disheartened. I started playing when I was five. How come I'm not as skilled as you? Juan Shushuan snorted coldly. Humans are humans and monkeys are monkeys. Can their learning abilities be the same? He still couldn't stand such. But at this moment, he acknowledged Such Chen's theoretical experience. In addition, one sentence in Such Chen's reply made him feel very comfortable. This minimizes the damage to both the pilot and the Mecca girl. When faced with this kind of question, even if there is a standard answer, it will focus on the pilot and few people will take into account the damage suffered by the Mecca girl. Suchun, that guy. Could it be that his judgment was wrong? No, it's impossible. Suchin really needs to treat the Mecca girl well enough. He wouldn't just stand by and watch the Mecca girl's tires burst and continue driving. These are all his disguises. Hang narrowed his eyes. He's really cunning. I almost fell for his trick. Hey, chicken feather. What did you say? I didn't hear you. Yuming tapped the hearing aid and shoved his ear toward Huang Shuin. But Huang Xiun wouldn't repeat it to him a second time, lest he make a fool of himself. So you were playing racing simulators? Leini blinked, looking at Suchin meaningfully. There would be no way she would believe that. However, everyone has their own secrets. Since Suchin didn't want to talk about it, she didn't press him for an answer. You were a bit too general just now. Could you be more specific going into the detailed driving procedures? No problem. Suchin nodded. Liini gestured to Dong with her eyes. Winterbear looked at Suchin with a strange expression, then silently walked to the side and gave up his seat. Suchin walked over to the PPT and gave a detailed explanation again. It not only details the operation but also provides mechanical analysis. This immediately amazed the group of pilots and female pilots in the conference room. Starard Dream, I didn't expect your master to be such a top student. Chasing Shadow whispered in Starream's ear. Uh Juyings vision went black for a moment and he typed a reply. It's this learning which means someone who is very good at learning. Shing Ming, tell me honestly, what were you doing during the Leaguey's Chinese class? Shing Ming recalled for a moment and typed two words. Working. Chasing Shadow. I heard that Suchin was not Shing Mings original driver. So, was the first pilot of Star Dream really that beastly? They don't even let Shing Ming study properly. Look at how silly she is now. Ma is a top student. So amazing. Shing Ming finished typing quickly, then rested her pretty face on her hand and looked at Suchin, who was giving the lecture with admiration. He has extensive racing experience, excellent skills, and is a quick learner. And they also possess amazing modification skills. I'm so lucky to have met Moss. Nowadays, the League Academy mainly assesses racing theory and racing skills. While subjects like Chinese, mathematics, and physics are considered secondary, but without a doubt, drivers who achieve success in mathematics and physics are still worthy of respect. Take Yuming for example. He has never passed math. Seeing the various mechanical analyses listed by Suchin at this moment is like reading a book written in a foreign language. All right, that concludes my explanation. Suchin put down the chalk and nodded slightly. This is what I believe to be the best solution in this situation. However, depending on the pilot and the Mecca girl's individual circumstances, adjustments can be made or other solutions can be adopted. After a moment of silence in the conference room, a continuous round of applause broke out. Suchin calmly returned to his seat and sat down. He appeared calm on the surface but was actually panicking. I can't let my mind wander anymore. This problem stems from one of the most challenging stages in the City Car King Championship. It is evident that the City Car King Championship is extremely difficult. He needs to know the track well enough to be confident because there are many tracks for the City Car King Championship. Almost every major city has such a track. Three days before the start of the competition, the organizers will randomly select the city. This means that in order to prevent any omissions, Winterbear went on to talk about almost every track. Fortunately, the difficulty and challenges of these tracks are similar, otherwise the workload would be too great. Ahem such explanation is good, but you still need to listen carefully. Dong X coughed lightly to cover her embarrassment, and the next second her sharp eyes fell on Xing. "You guys, those who sleep, eat potato chips, and play games, sit down and look at Shing Ming and Shuan Yun, and then look at yourselves. If you do anything else, get out." Juing pursed his lips and put the potato chips away. He secretly grumbled to himself. "What kind of behavior is that? So, you're taking your frustrations out on the underachievers after getting frustrated with the top students. The meeting lasted for more than 3 hours. Winter Bears spoke until his throat was dry and a row of empty vodka bottles sat next to the PPT screen. The pilots and the female pilots were getting sleepy. Fortunately, the story is over. Suchin twirled the pen and summarized it briefly. First of all, the entire course for the championship is 360 km long, of which about 100 km are mountainous terrain. And there are five challenging sections. Downhill hairpin bends, muddy jungle curves, continuous S-curves followed by steep vertical slopes, free jumps without ramps, and water tunnels. Winterbear listed all the challenging stages. They need to go back and review these things carefully. Apart from changes to the more challenging stages, the rest of the course remains largely unchanged. For example, the number of curves, 537 curves throughout the 360 km route. There is a curve almost every 720 m. This data is exactly the same for the racing circuits in every city. I came out of the Northern Wolves Club. It started to drizzle outside. Suchin was about to hail a taxi to take Shing Ming home. After all, although he could drive Shing back, it would definitely not be pleasant for the Mecca girl to get soaked in the rain and all dirty. This wasn't a competition, so there was no need to trouble Shing. A voice suddenly sounded behind me. Hello. Suchin turned around. I saw that it was Huang Mao and Shuan Yin. The two stood side by side at the club entrance like a still painting. Such Chin, you are very good. You have a wealth of track theory and a solid foundation. But Juan Sheruins voice cut through the rain. Racing is a business that is accomplished by both the driver and the mecha girl. No matter how strong you are as the driver, if you ignore the feelings of the Mecca girl, you will ultimately be a loser. Suchin glanced at the 13% frequency of Chuan Yun and Huang Mao. He really wanted to say that he and Shing were 52% on the same wavelength. But thinking about it, it's not necessary. Even if you tell Huang Mao, he won't believe you. Too lazy to answer, he took Shings little hand and continued walking towards the intersection. The blondhaired man's voice drifted from behind. City car king championship, I'll teach you a lesson. Be nicer to your Mecca girls. Moss, what is he mumbling about? Shing Ming squeezed Such Chen's hand, looking puzzled. Isn't Ma good enough to her? Use the best possible modification cores and stigma on her. He always spoke to her gently, and although she was a bit clumsy, she was never scolded. And moreover, he can drink two bottles of nutritional fluid every day. It's all right. Don't worry about him. Suchin shook his head. Some people are just nosy and meddling. We should just focus on preparing for the competition. Meow. Shing Ming nodded obediently. What does Moss want to eat tonight? Shing will make it for you. Anyway, I don't eat fried rice with eggs. Master, Chuan Yin said cautiously, looking at Hang Sheruins indignant expression. I feel you might have some misunderstanding about Shing Mings master. Misunderstanding? The blond-haired guy snorted. What misunderstanding could there be? This kid is just good at pretending. Despite that, but Huang Mas tone was no longer as firm as before. Because I think Shing Ming is very happy. Chuan Yun Shing Ming showed Huang Sher a photo she posted on her WeChat moments. A catered girl in a maid outfit making a peace sign, her smile brighter than the warm sun. His master bought him a beautiful car cover and she was very happy. There was a hint of envy in Chuan Yians words. Even though it was only a little bit, Huang Sukun still noticed it. It's just a truckload of clothes. I'll buy you some. Huang Shushuan took Yians hand and walked towards Shing Shin Hui Leo. Master, you should buy a racing suit and shoes first. Chuan shook her head. The racing suit doesn't improve the performance of the Mecca girl. I'll just wear the original racing suit. I just love these shoes. Huang Shushuan said stubbornly. Suchin can buy beautiful car covers for the robot girl. He can do it, too. Just wait. He wants to buy an even prettier one. Chapter 86. City car king competition. The sky wasn't very clear in early August. It even had a somewhat gloomy feel to it. However, this does not prevent the racing championship from being held on schedule. After a draw by the organizers, the host city was ultimately selected as Nanching, which is close to the sea. Nanching is located on an island surrounded by the sea on all sides. The edges are urban areas and there are large mountainous areas in the middle. Three city car king competitions have been held here. In the votes of the contestants, South City ranked second among the cities they least wanted to host the competition. Welcome to the City Car King competition. I'm your host, Rose Goose. Bro, on the stage at the entrance to the City Car King Championship, the host, Brother Rose Goose, wearing a husky hat and black sunglasses, was dressed in beach shorts and a beach shirt, holding the microphone and gesturing animatedly. This competition is sponsored by the voice of the night group and the rewards are generous, including not only materials for promoting organic girls, but also expensive and priceless training capsules and a super prize pool of up to 5 million. Our competitors are also very strong with more than 20 professional drivers. This is the largest number of professional drivers in the history of the City Car King Championship. Without a doubt, their battle will provide us with a spectacular visual feast. The three super airships of the Voice of the Night are displaying the competition on three giant screens, providing a 360° view of the entire island. Almost everyone on the island in the South City can see the big screens. That's enough rambling. As is customary, Brother Roast Goose will randomly select a passer by for an interview. However, before he could find anyone, his arm was pulled. He turned his head and saw a pitiful catgirl type Mecca girl tugging at his sleeve. Wow, a rare specialized type of catgirl. This is the perfect interviewee. Rose Goosebro almost never thought that the catgirl specialization would be a contestant because the catgirl specialization is characterized by its mediocre performance, but its appearance is absolutely stunning. After all, as long as they're cute, that's all that matters. One cannot have it all. This Mecca girl, you before brother Rose Goose could finish speaking, Shing Mang had already started shouting, "Hostai, I can't find my master. Could you help me find her? Can't find master?" Brother Roast Goose carefully examined Shingi. We discovered that Star Dream was not only wearing a formal racing suit, but also had a number plate on his waist. This is a contestant. A catgirl specialization has somehow made it into the city's racing championship. He didn't have time to be shocked. The most important thing now was to help find the person since the competition was about to begin. After briefly inquiring about Su Chen's characteristics, Brother Rose Scoo turned to the camera with a serious expression. Attention all staff. An announcement is coming soon. Pilot Suchin, contestant number 074, please proceed to the control room to collect your Mecca girl after hearing this announcement. Your Mecca girl is looking for you. Repeating the announcement echoed throughout the entire stadium, eliciting laughter from the players and spectators. At the departure point, Yuming and Zhuing were already in place. Juing, who had the number 137 hanging on his waist, almost burst out laughing when he heard the announcement. Shing can't find Suchin. Aren't they always inseparable? They probably got separated by the crowd. Yuming leaned back on a seat by the track and closed his eyes to rest. There were just too many spectators at this race. It was like being packed in on top of each other. Won't they miss the game because of this? Juing asked with some concern. How could that be? They've already broadcasted over the loudspeaker. They'll find him soon enough. At the same time, Huang Shushuan and Chuan Yun, who had received number 53, were making their final warm-up preparations. He gazed at the bustling arena, his pupils slightly contracting. Piercing the clouds is our second battle since we left there. Let's keep going and prove them wrong. Chuan Yun nodded and finished the stretching exercises. Master, I'm already a B- rank Mecca girl and I'm confident in this competition. There's no need to feel too much pressure. Just do your best. We have an announcement to make now. Pilot Suchin, contestant number 074, please go to the control room to collect your Mecca girl after hearing this announcement. Upon hearing the announcement, Huang Sheruan looked puzzled, then sneered. This suchin guy, he could even lose a mecha girl. With such carelessness, can he be considered a qualified pilot? Chuan Yun didn't say anything, but just picked up her phone and sent a message to Shing Ming. Star Dream, have you found your master yet? Shing replied very quickly. Ma said she was going to the toilet and then she disappeared. Chuan Yun scratched his head, unsure how to comfort him. I could only reply cautiously. Wait here at the control room for a while. Your master will come looking for you when he hears the broadcast in a restroom at the City Car King Championship venue. With his left hand clutching his phone, which had been turned off due to forgetting to charge, and his right hand holding a pack of tissues, Suchin was making a desperate attempt to save it. He regretted it. I shouldn't have eaten the nutritious breakfast Shing Ming made this morning. This girl seems to have fallen in love with making fried rice. Every day there are all sorts of different kinds of fried rice. This morning, I even added a big spoonful of chili sauce to my fried rice. The chili sauce was made by Queen herself. It tasted great, but it was extremely spicy. He only felt a little uncomfortable in his stomach after eating that bowl of fried rice. But now, an even stronger backlash is coming. Star dream, wait for me. Suchin listened to the broadcast repeating endlessly in his ears. Feeling like crying. He forgot. Forgot that he was a time traveler. Forget that you are still in the same body as before. The body that gets constipated after eating spicy food. They're coming out. They're almost out. Such Chen's pale face tightened, his expression contorted, and all his strength was concentrated in his buttocks. A piercing scream echoed from the quiet toilet. Ugh high. 10 minutes later, Suchin walked out of the restroom with a gloomy face. Amidst the strange looks from those around him, he splashed his face with cold water. He's out. He did it. I feel so much better. After catching his breath, Suchin immediately headed to the control room where he spotted a white catgirl looking around from afar. Without a doubt, it was Star Dream. The little girl saw him just like a radar, and her cat ears and fluffy tail immediately stood up. "Master," she exclaimed in surprise. Then, as if it had seen delicious cat treats, it rushed over excitedly. Suchin had witnessed the strength of the Mecca girl. However, there's no need to worry too much. Shing Ming has already learned to control her powers. Boom! Uggh. Suchin felt as if he had been hit head-on by a motorcycle, and he almost spat out everything he had eaten that morning. Immediately afterwards, he felt something soft and furry bury itself in his arms. H Shining actually held back her strength. If they hadn't taken it, he would have been hit and thrown into the air by now. It's just that perhaps because of the heightened emotions, the control over the force wasn't particularly precise. acceptable. Moss. Shing Ming thought you were lost. Shing Ming raised her soft, pretty face. Suddenly, she sniffed and asked in confusion. Ma smells bad. It was clearly you who got lost. Suchin pinched Shumings cheek, pretending to be angry, and said, "I told you to wait outside the restroom. I'd come out as soon as I was done. How could you still ask the host to broadcast it?" because there were just too many people. Shing pouted, saying embarrassedly. By the time I realized what was happening, I had already been pushed around by the crowd somewhere. Suchin chuckled to himself, realizing he had just used the restroom, and quickly tried to back away. Okay, I still smell of the toilet on me. Stop hugging me. No. Shing Ming hugged Suchin tightly and wouldn't let go. Shing Ming likes the smelly moss, too. Meow. So, you're the pilot of this catgirl specialization? The host, brother Rose, walked over and looked at Suchin. I know you. I've seen your picture in the newspaper. Luckily, the Bingjo City Championship had drones recording the footage. Otherwise, you would be finished by now. It's over. Why? Suchin was completely bewildered. Because right after the competition ended, you were already on the bounty list of a certain civilian organization that was extremely protective of Mecca girls. The roast goose guy said with a smile, "And I just happened to be one of them. Don't worry, we'll remove you from the bounty list after we've reviewed the video." Suchin, good heavens, is this even possible? What happens if I'm on the bounty list? Will I be killed? Not necessarily. The roast goose guy shrugged. You were just in the bathroom, right? If you were still on the list, a urine bag or some kind of excrement would have suddenly fallen on your head while you were in the bathroom. Suchen's lips twitched slightly, as expected of an extreme protectionist organization. This punishment is even more unbearable than being killed outright. Anyway, just enjoy the game. Roast Goose Bro turned and walked towards the control room. Don't let your Mecca girl get hurt again, kid. There are 30 minutes left before the start of the competition. All participants, please take your positions. An urgent announcement rang out. Hey, the match is about to start. Let's go. Suchin was pulled by Shing Mang towards the departure point. Along the way, we encountered many drivers and female pilots who came and went in a hurry. Suchin activated his divine eye and looked at them one by one only to find that none of the mecha girls had better attributes than Shing Ming. Now after the upgrade and the addition of the blazing module, Star Dreams attributes have become name Starream star emblem radiant light team enhancement speed 74 curve 70 stable 42 burst 48 battery life 61 modification core blazing storm blue cornering correction minus 5% tire wear minus 20% % collision resistance minus 20%. Special effects omitted stigmata emperor engine amethyst current rating B+ special talents one awakening two kegirl appearance specialization three silent movement frequency 52%. status full of energy. Upgrading from C plus to B-grade with a slight increase in the five-dimensional attributes and the addition of the blazing modification core speed plus 7, burst + 5, cornering plus two, tire wear minus 20%, stability minus three resulted in the current overpowered attributes. Although Su Chin did not yet know what the attribute requirements were for advancing to A-level Mecca girl. However, he felt that Shing was already very close to that threshold. It's worth mentioning that during this upgrade, a notification appeared stating that some special effects could no longer be stacked. Therefore, the only special effects that still apply to the flame core are body temperature plus 5° C, sensitivity plus two, and leg strength plus 20 kg. The option to add one cup size has been removed. Suchin attributed all of this to Shings potential. Perhaps the size of sea is already the limit of Star Dream's potential. Any bigger and it would disrupt the balance of beauty. Right now, everything is just right. Arrive at departure point number 137. As soon as Suchin stopped, he felt a gaze sweep over him. He looked back in the direction the gaze came from and saw a pale-faced young man with a somewhat sinister look. He was accompanied by a tall, slender female mecca dressed in a black racing suit. He was just an unknown player. There was nothing particularly noteworthy about him. But Suchin keenly observed this. The driver in the Mecca girls suits have a cross and crescent moon symbol on them. They are contestants from the voice of the night group. Chapter 87. Voice of the night youth training team. 10 minutes ago. the draw area for the City Car King Championship. The air was as taut as a fully drawn bowring. Most of the drivers clutched their newly drawn number plates, their knuckles white, their eyes filled with barely concealed tension. They repeatedly checked the starting order and whispered discussions about the challenges of the track. Only the night voice used training team members dressed in black uniforms with silver cross and crescent patterns gathered in the corner like an inongruous undercurrent. They looked relaxed, even a little playful. The unrestrained laughter and chatter were particularly jarring in the quiet lottery area. Drivers from other clubs in the vicinity instinctively kept their distance from them. When their eyes swept over the conspicuous team emblem, they all carried a hint of barely perceptible apprehension, automatically making way for the youth training team of the voice of the night. For them, this city racing championship is a crucial challenge, a battlefield to prove themselves. But for the youth training team members, a voice of the night. This match might just be a game you can easily win. Damn. Number 10. A team member looked at the number plate in his hand and wailed dramatically. Isn't this just a scout vehicle? We're going to be eating dust right from the start. I'm 31. Not bad. Stuck in the middle. Another person shrugged. "Hey, how many did you draw?" someone asked, turning to the doorway. Kim Ji, who was leaning against the door frame with his eyes closed, didn't even lift his eyelids, but lazily waved the small card in his hand. 76. "Oh, it's all right. Somewhere in the middle, neither good nor bad." "Cheer up, guys." Someone raised their voice. "This is a great opportunity for our youth training team. We need to perform well to make it into the official team. Maybe we can even get Miss Jean's autograph. As soon as the topic came up, someone lowered their voice and said mysteriously, "Hey, have you heard?" Miss Jean signed a betting agreement with a driver named Such Chin. If that kid can become an A-level modifier within 3 months, Miss Jean will give him the queen. What? Really? That's queen? A top mecca girl? Exclamations of surprise rose and fell. Get promoted to A level in just 3 months. You must be dreaming. I heard that Suchin also signed up. And his Mecca girl is a catgirl specialization. Paha. Catgirl specialization. I really hope I can run into him in the competition and have a good chat. Kim Ji remained with his eyes closed, resting. Every word of the glamorous discussions reached his ears. sign a performance-based agreement with Ms. Chin. They are so arrogant that they don't know their own limitations. However, he did become curious about this driver named Suchin. After all, anyone who can get Miss Gene to gamble must be someone extraordinary. After the lottery, he arrived at the departure point with the Mecca girl rift. I'm thinking about this right now. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a tall man walking slowly with a white catgirl type Mecca girl. The two eventually stopped at starting position number 74. Catgirl specialized Mecca girls almost never appear on the field because these types of Mecca girls are inherently weaker in attributes. Most of them will become logistics robot girls or medical robot girls. Is this suchin? Is it really possible for such a coincidence to happen in the world? However, based on the characteristics of Such Chin and Shing Mang mentioned by their teammates in previous discussions, they are clearly the same pair of players at starting point number 74. Such Chen's departure number is 74. His starting number is 76. According to the rules of the City Car King competition, he and Suchin started at the same time. Interesting. What a golden opportunity. Kim Jis gaze lingered on Su Chun and Shing Mang for a moment, a playful smile curving his lips. He patted Ly Kong on the shoulder and walked straight toward position 74. Such Chin and Kim Ji had a premonition when they looked at each other. The driver of that night voice will definitely come over. Really? The man and his Mecca girl came charging straight over. I know you. Your name is Suchin. Hello. The driver in the black uniform extended a hand, smiling. I'm Kim Ji, a member of the Night Voice Youth training team. Although I don't know why the other party came up to me and tried to get close. However, out of politeness, Suchin also reached out to shake hands with Kim Ji. However, just as he reached out, Kim Ji suddenly pulled his hand back. The man pretended to flex his wrists, his eyes full of mockery. However, the next second, Such Chens hand suddenly grabbed Kim Jis wrist, which had not yet fully retracted and pulled him over in Kim Jis bewildered eyes. Click. The immense force from his palm almost made Kim Ji cry out in pain. Then the hand released its grip. Kim was also stunned. He was forced to shake hands. I was even given a firm squeeze. Suchin let go, revealing a kind smile. Hello, you can leave now if there's nothing else. I still need to warm up with my robot girl before the match. Kim Ji shook his numb hand and the fake smile on his face disappeared. He raised his nostrils and stood on tiptoe to try and keep up with Such Chen's height. Such Chin, you're pretty arrogant, aren't you? I heard you signed some kind of betting agreement with Miss Chin Xen, the chief of our voice of the night. Let me tell you, not just anyone can touch the porcelain of our voice of the nightclub. We'll start at the same time in this race, and I'll show you the difference between us." After uttering those harsh words, Kim Ji snorted coldly and turned to leave with Ricky. Having just left the draw area, he searched for information about Su Chin on his phone. When Such Chen's Mecca girl, Shing Ming, participated in the City Championship, she was only a newly promoted Seale Mecca Girl. How much improvement can be achieved in half a month? When the match starts, he'll just get crushed by his B-class Mecca girls. Thinking of this, he subconsciously glanced in the direction of the audience seats. There were VIP seats for the voice of the night group there, and Chin Xen was definitely in them. He'll perform well later and crush Suchin. President Chin will definitely look at him with new respect. Next, he will stand out in the youth training team, rise rapidly, and reach the pinnacle of his life. As he thought about it, he couldn't help but squint his eyes in satisfaction. Riff crushed them in the match later. "Don't let me down," he said coldly to the Mecca girl beside him. But the machine girl just stared blankly, saying nothing like a marionette. After several seconds, he nodded somewhat mechanically. "What's wrong with that guy, Moss? He looks so fierce. Shing Ming let out a low growl. Its ears and tails stood on end, glaring resentfully at Kim Jis retreating figure. It's nothing, just a dog eager to wag its tail for its master. Suchin patted Shing Mings little head, not caring about the provocation just now. He had seen many similar situations in his previous life. However, most of these are from the perspective of an observer. It's normal for teams and drivers to provoke each other. There are far too many people who deliberately cause trouble in order to please their boss. These things are not enough to cause him any psychological distress compared to just talking. He prefers to crush his opponent through action. Chapter 88. Keep it up. Just now when Kim Ji came up to cause trouble, Suchin glanced at the Mecca girl rift beside Kim Ji and could only say that it was indeed the youth training team of the voice of the night. Despite not being professional racers, their Mecca girls already have incredibly explosive performance. Even so, Suchin was not envious because their Mecca girls were not doing well. This can be seen from the cracked panel. Name: Rift star sign flowing flame speed type speed 70. Curve 70. Stable 61. Burst 62. Battery life 64. Modification core vortex king type 1. Stigma echoes of night blue. Current level B. Special talents none. Frequency 0%. status, calm, memory loss, psychological barriers, offset evaluation. A Mecca girl who has lost her soul. She should have been much faster. Undoubtedly, this applies whether we look at the evaluation or the panel performance. This balanced attribute must be the product of the night voice modification team. This Mecca girl named Rift has developed severe psychological problems. Does already offset mean that the psychological barrier has been offset because of memory loss? After all, the Mecca girls no longer know who they are and live like machines. So any psychological barriers they might have are nothing. He wondered if Queen would end up like this if it continued to be modified. Memory loss, psychological problems ultimately becoming a competent tool rather than a Mecca girl with feelings. The thought of this filled him with a sense of urgency. During this period, besides upgrading star dream, he did two other things. One is to use up the last skill point from the heart of God and put it into drift control. I was pulled into the study space again and given a severe scolding by coach Sue. He has now mastered launch control expert LV1, which increases launch speed by 4% and drift control LV2, which reduces drift speed loss by 10%. In addition, he has been studying the knowledge of Amada. The data that Norah sent him was over 50 GB. The content was completely different from what he had imagined, and it had virtually no connection to racing car modification. It does indeed resemble what a modeler should do. Memorize many data matrices and modeling nodes and use star energy to arrange and combine the data matrices and nodes according to specific requirements, thus creating a basic module. This is definitely not a simple matter because there are over 500 different matrices to memorize and a total of 98 nodes to remember. It also requires permutation and combination. No wonder one needs to awaken their star energy to become a modeler because only stellar energy can accelerate the processing speed of ordinary people's brains, making their brains approach the capabilities of computers. Otherwise, with such a massive amount of data, and it's constantly changing, who could possibly grasp it all in a short time? The above is just the data you need to remember to become an A-level modifier. There is even more data to remember for S-level and other levels above. Chin Xen and his bet were essentially a scheme to make things difficult for each other. Even so, Suchin faced the challenge headon, writing diligently every day. When I was hungry, I would eat the egg fried rice made by Shing Ming, and I gained a full 8 pounds in less than half a month. Master Shing Ming waved her hands and jumped around in front of Such Chin, her cat ears twitching. Meow. Master, why do you keep staring at that Mecca girl? Do you like her? Meow. Shing Ming glanced at Suchin, then at Lycom, who was wearing a tight racing suit and had a slender figure. That slender waist and those peach-shaped buttocks are truly alluring. It's understandable that Moss likes older sisters like this. She smiled and leaned closer to Such Chin, lowering her voice. He Moss, if you like her, just say so. Shing Ming can get her contact information for you. Shing Ming can first develop her into a good friend and then often say good things about you to her. Maybe you two can become good friends, too. Suchin chuckled to himself. Helplessly, he pinched Chimings pretty face. All right, you're always full of tricks. I just think that Mecca girl is a bit strange. At first, he thought Ching Ming was saying that on purpose because she was jealous. It wasn't until he heard Shing Mings last words that he realized that Shings feelings for him were still only at the stage of pure friendship. For her, the feelings between good friends are already a form of liking, a pure liking, unrelated to desire, just enjoying each other's company. Strange, meow. Shing Ming tilted her head, looking at Leaks back. Mas. Although Shing Ming doesn't know what's strange about that Mecca girl, Shing Ming can sense that that older sister isn't happy at all. Such Chen remained silent. To become a marionette, to become a machine without emotions. Can these Mecca girls still experience the glory of the racetrack? Will they still be able to taste the joy of victory? It's perfectly normal not to feel happy. All drivers, please prepare to start. There are 10 minutes left until the start of the race. All selected Mecca girls, please enter deployment mode. Pilots, please check the basic information of the Mecca girls. Two announcements sounded one after the other. Such Chin patted Shings head and Shing understood, immediately transforming into a racing car. Mazda Niko 99, the catgirl specialization is reporting for duty. Engine module is normal. Tire pressure is normal. The temperature inside the car is abnormal. It's 5° too high. Please request cooling down. Suchin irritably typed a message on ZingMon. Application rejected. The temperature won't come down. Meow. That's all. Everything's normal. Shing Min happily wagged her cat tail, not minding at all the two paths Suchin had just given her. She's gotten used to it now. She felt uneasy if Suchin didn't take her picture. Suchin stared at the track ahead, his mind suddenly going blank. The nebula exploded and a brand new star was formed within it. when first place in the City Car King Championship continue unlocking talents. So, their goal is to be number one right away. Suchin licked his lips, a slight smile playing on his lips. I'm feeling a tiny bit of pressure now. Meanwhile, other contestants also entered the preparation stage. Shadowchaser, it's our turn to get to work. Yuming patted the tall Mecca girl next to him. Humph. I don't want to lose to Star Dream again this time. Chasing Shadow gently slapped Yumings hand away and nimly unfolded into its racing car form. Yuming chuckled, leerously touched the door of the Chasing Shadows car and got in. The modified core we've replaced this time is topnotch. We're absolutely certain of success. You better be, Juing rolled her eyes and said in an unfriendly tone, "If you lose, you'llll be sleeping under the bed for a month. Oh dearing, don't be so serious. Yuming said with a fawning smile. Isn't this punishment a bit too harsh? Serious? Zhuing scoffed. Don't you have any confidence? Yes. Yuming immediately stood at attention under the resentful look in Zhuings eyes. Yes, I guarantee I'll complete the mission. The atmosphere in the cockpit of the wind crane was not as relaxed as usual. Such gripped the steering wheel tightly, his face tense, his fingers trembling slightly. A warm hand touched his face. Such's eyes gradually focused, and in front of him, Fong Heis eyes were full of tenderness and comfort. Shiaoche, don't be nervous. We can do it. Such pursed his lips. He wanted to be calm, but it was difficult for him. After the last city championship, he has found it difficult to fully enjoy the game. Sweetie, as a reward, you can sleep with me tonight. Fungis lips curled slightly as she said in a voice only the two of them could hear. Wear your favorite apron and let's sleep together. His stash. Such was startled. His entire demeanor changed. He instantly transformed from a nervous young boy into a solitary wolf king of the northwest. He you said it yourself. His voice trembled slightly. Foam he covered her mouth and chuckled. I keep my word, so how about it? Can Xiao cheer up now? Don't worry, Suche said, his eyes read. I will do my best to finish the competition. The headquarters of the voice of the night in a dimly lit room. The door opened a crack and finally a sparse ray of light shone through the gap and fell on the curled up girl. Queen, the modification is about to begin. Jessica's voice came from outside the door. I know you don't need to remind me. The queen trembled slightly, took a deep breath, and glanced longingly at the live stream on her computer. She picked up her phone and opened the three-person group chat she had created with Shing Ming and Su Shin. It also contains daily life stories that Shing Ming shared with her. Every day featured a different fried rice dish, stylish car outfits, mischievous McFlurry toys, the comical sight of such as sleep, and the selfie they took in their racing suits as they walked onto the track. She edited a long paragraph, but ultimately deleted it all. All the words in the world can be summed up in just two words. Come on, go for it, Shing Such Chin. Unleash your brilliance. the starting point for the City Car King Championship. Such Chin stared straight ahead, his eyes calm. Shing's phone lit up for a moment, but the do not disturb mode didn't make a sound. At the edge of the horizon, the electronic screen timer has entered its final countdown. Staff members holding starting passes began to leave the track one after another. 10 seconds left. A cold electronic voice sounded. Shing Mang, are you nervous? He reached out and touched a soft, bouncy surface, transmitting his power. Meow. With Moss around, I have absolutely no idea what nervousness is. A burst of Shings energetic voice rang out from the front along with boom. The engine's loud roar was the last to sound, but it almost runs the entire track. The surrounding drivers, including Kim Jay Yol, were secretly alarmed and got goosebumps. Is that the sound of a Catgirl specialized Mecca girl? However, there was no time to think further. As the countdown timer suddenly rose in pitch, everyone tensed up. 3 2 1 go. Chapter 89. The Gap. The City Car King Championship is 360 km long with a total of 537 curves, including about 100 km of mountain tracks. At the same time, we do not prohibit drivers from competing against each other. Every player here is a champion who fought their way out of the city championships. They've passed the novice protection period and are a group of mature competitors capable of facing the harsh realities of competitive racing. As the host, brother Rose Scoo, provided commentary, the director repeatedly and randomly focused the camera on the track and the contestants. We have five challenging track combinations. The most difficult of which is the number 476 track combination with the South Island guillotine, which consists of a series of herpin bends, steep jumps, and sharp right turns along cliffs. Inexperienced contestants are likely to fail here, but there's no need to worry. We have adequate logistics and medical teams to ensure the safety of the Mecca girls and pilots in case of any accidents. This competition adopts a group based interval-based start method with 10 Mecca girls per group and a 30-second interval between starts. The seventh group of competitors has now started. Director, please turn the camera to the starting line. As soon as the camera switched to the starting point, the roar of an engine pierced the screen and resounded throughout the venue. This reignited the passionate atmosphere in the audience. The audience's cheers are really enthusiastic because group 8 has a favorite to win the championship Kim J from the voice of the night youth training team and his mecca girl rift. The cheers grew even louder and a banner reading voice of the night fluttered in the stands. As one of the racing giants, Black Voice is definitely among the top three in popularity in China. Although it was just a group of youth training players participating in the competition, as long as they were related to the voice of the night, they would definitely have the support of fans. As the countdown to departure began, Kim Ji deliberately increased the engine speed, allowing the roar of the rocket to steadily suppress the other Mecca girls around him. However, an even sharper and higher engine roar suddenly rang out, instantly tearing the sound waves through the air. This is Kim Ji stared in disbelief at Star Dream not far away. The soundwave was coming from Hashino. But could it be the soundwave emitted by a catgirl specialized Mecca girl? The sound of the engine is related to its speed and kinetic energy. A loud Mecca girl doesn't necessarily mean it's powerful, but a Mecca girl that makes no noise at all definitely isn't very powerful. 3 2 1 Go dash. The moment the green light turned on, Kim J hadn't even reacted yet, while the other contestants around him had already started. Damn it. He immediately activated the sky rift, gritting his teeth. I was so engrossed in that Mecca girl's roar that I lost focus. Before a competition usually begins, the Mecca girl will remind the pilot to get ready, but not Rift. This Mecca girl was temporarily assigned to him by the voice of the night group. Only when he officially becomes a professional racer for the voice of the night will this Mecca girl form a bond with him. However, Rayquaza is usually very quiet. Apart from training, he just finds a place to sit quietly like a robot without receiving any notification from Rift. Gene couldn't say anything. Fortunately, the Rift's performance is strong enough that the mistake of launching at the start can be made up for later on the track. The air at the departure point was distorted by the heatwave. The engine roared and the wildly spinning tires tore trails of white smoke across the road. The 10 Mecca girls were launched and the winner was determined almost instantly. A chorus of booze and gasps erupted from the audience. Roast goose bro stared at the screen in shock. The words he was about to say stuck in his throat. He was ready to boast about the night voic's youth training team. However, it was neither Kim Jay Yi nor Riku who took first place. Instead, it's a tailless all-white Mecca girl. It's Star Dream. It's Such Chun and Shing Mang. What a fast launch speed. Rose Goosebro gripped the microphone tightly, his voice. Kim Ji, a player from the Black Knight voice youth training team, seems to have made a mistake in his launch. He's currently in fourth place and he's still overtaking others. His peak speed and explosiveness in the sky split are quite impressive. Damn it. Kim Ji stared intently at the two Mecca girls in front of him, flooring the accelerator and accelerating wildly. This start was ugly. The voice of the night evaluates drivers not only based on their results, but also on their track performance. There is no doubt that his launch start was terrible. At this moment, Such Chin had already shifted to the highest speed gear with a blank expression. The Star Dreams engine unleashed its full power, leaving everyone else in the dust. The 4% increase in starting speed has an immediate effect. Suchin immediately sensed this unreasonable conceptual leap. as the chief tuner. Although he doesn't race on the track much, he has driven just as many cars as professional drivers, especially special maneuvers such as catapult start, drift, and jump. After all, you need to adjust various parts, and you can only know if it's suitable by trying it out yourself. Data. The data should only be considered as a reference. His judgment is more authoritative than the data provided by the machine. That's why other modifiers are just modifiers, but his title has the word chief before it. Buzz, buzz, buzz, dash. The roar of engines gradually approached from behind. Suchin glanced at the rearview mirror and noticed that the Mecca girl behind Shing had been replaced. Now she is a Mecca girl with a matte black body and silver lines embellishing her body. She is the voice of the night rift. Damn it, that bastard and his mecca girl are catching up. Hearing Shing Mings angry reminder, Such Chen's lips curled into a slight smile. Don't worry, they won't be able to catch up. Why, Meow? Because our peak speed is higher than theirs. Moss, how did you know? Shing Ming tilted her head slightly, her face full of curiosity. Could it be that Master has a hidden detector in his brain that can see the peak speed of other Mecca girls? It's a match. Don't turn around. Suchin pinched Ching Ming's butt in annoyance. Because I'm your master, I know everything. Shing chuckled, stuck out her tongue, and refocused her attention on the track. And the facts are just as Suchin said. After catching up for a while, Rift could no longer surpass Star Dream and even continued to widen the gap between them. This scene left Kim J, who was in the cockpit of the Rift, completely dumbfounded. Can't catch up. Impossible. Why can't we catch up? The smuggness on his face instantly turned into astonishment. He overtook two drivers in succession and was about to catch up with Such Chin and Shing Mang to avenge his previous defeat. As a result, Shing Mings speed increased faster and faster to the point that even Finu Lyon couldn't catch up. Could it be that the speed attribute of the Star Dream Mecca Girl is even higher than that of the Rift? How could that be? Rift is a B-class Mecca girl. Shing Ming was originally just a D-class Mecca girl, but she was upgraded to B-class in less than a month. Not only did Kim J not believe it, but anyone who heard it would think it was a complete fantasy. Do you really think that improving a Mecca girl's attributes is that simple? Which of the following items is free? Core items, stigmata, and memory training pills. Many pilots spend several times more money to replace the core of their Mecca girls, even though the core only adds three or four attribute points compared to the previous one. Needless to say, memory training pills are another story. Ordinary drivers and even drivers from small clubs basically have no access to it. Only major clubs and tournament champions can acquire this rare resource. The audience was a buzz with discussion. How could the trainee from The Voice of the Night be unable to keep up with a player who had no reputation at all? Isn't this ridiculous? Garbage. Garbage. Go home. What a disgraceful piece of trash trying to tarnish the reputation of voice of the night. Huh? Some diehard fans have already begun to verbally attack Kim J. The director cleverly provided several shots. I believe many viewers are also confused about the situation shown on camera. Rose Goosebro was also baffled, but he had helpers. Now, let's invite our track analyst, Mr. MacArthur, to answer our questions. Click. MacArthur frowned and pushed the microphone away from his cheek. These hosts are so rude. Why do they all like to shove the microphone into people's mouths? Ahem. Good morning, everyone. I'm old Mai, a five-star track analyst. MacArthur cleared his throat, his gaze fixed intently on the camera. Su Chun and Shing Mang are the champions of the Bingjo City Championship, and I happen to be the analyst for that competition. So, I know very well that these two players have considerable skill and amazing resilience. As for the current situation on the track, it is obvious that the reason why Rift could not overtake Starream is not only because of Kim Ji's mistake in launching, but also because Rift's speed performance is inferior to Star Dreams. Therefore, after the two Mecca girls reached their peak speed through linear acceleration, Rift could no longer close the gap with Star Dream and might even gradually fall behind. At this moment, Brother Roast Goose had already taken a document from his assistant. He glanced at it briefly, then his eyes widened in surprise. His Ladies and gentlemen, we are now announcing a set of pre-match test data. Such Chen's Mecca girl Shing has a speed attribute of 74, while Jean Zay's Mecca girl Lyon has a speed attribute of 70. Both Mecca girls are Bank Mecca Girls. The burst attribute of the machine girl rift is 62, which is indeed far higher than that of the star dream of 48. No wonder the two pairs of players showed the situation just now. At the same time, we also have a set of data here. 20 days ago, the level of the machine girl Shing Ming was DLE and she had been registered as DLE for 3 years. He put down the documents, took a deep breath, and exclaimed, "Dear viewers, do you know what this means? It means that Suchin raised a D-rank Mecca girl to a Banked Mecca girl in less than 20 days. and Suchin didn't have any club support behind him. This is almost a miracle. These words shocked everyone present. Fortunately, Brother Roast Goose's radio station doesn't connect to the contestants. Otherwise, just hearing these things would break many players spirits and affect their mentality during the game. Can a D-rank Mecca girl be trained to be ranked in 20 days? That's absolutely insane. The resources used to upgrade a D-rank Mecca girl are enough to buy a B- rank Mecca girl directly. What I'm more concerned about now is whether Such Chin and Shing Mang can keep suppressing Jean Z and Long and maintain their lead. Rose Goose Bros steered the conversation back to the competition and handed the microphone to Old Mai. It's hard to say. MacArthur gestured to the director to zoom in on the speeding Star Dream, then circled the rear of the Starreams car with a pen. As you can see, the Star Dream Mecca Girl does not have a tail fin after being modified. This will improve her speed performance, but it will reduce her cornering performance. As we all know, the City Car King Championship track has a lot of curves, so Such Chen's choice of such an extreme modification is a bit too much. Such Chin and Shing Mang are currently in the lead, but after a few turns, they might be overtaken by Jean Z and Lyong. Chapter 90. retractable tail wing. Rift, is there any way to overtake that Mecca girl in front? Kim Ju was truly at a loss and couldn't understand it either. He couldn't hear the radio. Little did they know that Star Dreams peak speed was higher than Rifts. "Even if I knew, he wouldn't believe it." After thinking for a moment, Rift said in a calm, even voice. Reporting to master, "The Mecca girl ahead, Star Dream, has no tail fin and cannot maintain high cornering speed, so you can try to overtake her on the curve." "No tail fin?" Kim Ji stared wideeyed as he looked closely ahead. "Hey, there really isn't one." He immediately burst into laughter. He burst into laughter. Has Suchin gone mad? The modification core he installed on the Mecca girl doesn't even have a tail wing. How will he handle corners? Isn't he afraid of tipping over? Kim Ji finally understood why Star Dreams progress was so fast. Although he did not understand the principles of tail fins. However, the effect of the rear wing is to improve cornering performance and reduce straight line acceleration. The Mecca girl without a tail fin naturally accelerates much faster in a straight line. But nowadays, all races have curves, and the larger the race, the more curves there are. Suchin is fast now. To prevent Shing Ming from tipping over when he goes around the corner, he will have to reduce his speed. Wouldn't it be like a tortoise crawling at that point? With that thought, Kim Ji immediately relaxed. He leaned back in the cockpit, calmly waiting for the first bend to arrive. Star Dreams speed wasn't much faster than Rifts. Even if he can't overtake on the first bend, he can easily leave Such Chun and Shing Ming behind in five bends at most. Moss. 200 m later. Sharp right turn. Meow. Receive. Suchin kept his eyes on the road ahead, glancing at the curved sign out of the corner of his eye. The first turn of the city championship is already looming ahead. The breakdown of the track that Winter Bear explained earlier came in handy at this point. The first corner in the City Championship is usually a long radius corner, which is the best place to use power over drift. However, based on the video of the race, he observed, most drivers use the handbrake or brakes to drift here, and some drivers don't even drift, relying solely on grip to slow down. Is it that they don't know how? Suchin didn't know. He had a feeling that although drivers in this world possessed a lot of racing skills. However, due to a lack of understanding of mechanics, they were unclear about the mechanical principles behind these racing technologies. This has led to them being in a state of confusion regarding what technologies are needed for what kind of tracks. To put it simply, it's about using whatever you know how to do. Misuse. Suchin glanced at Shings speedometer. Shing Mings speed had reached 280 km per hour. That's a hearttoppping speed. However, after a period of adjustment and training, he has fully adapted. Leaves brushed against the car roof and fell, only to be swept back into the sky by the violent air currents. As the star dream hugged the inner edge of the track, the brake lights flashed for a moment and the front of the car suddenly dipped. The sharp screech of tires screeching against the ground echoing before the bend. Suchen's eyes remained calm as he downshifted and shifted to the toe in one smooth motion accompanied by the roar of the engine. The entry point into the corner was perfect and the car's condition was perfect. With the application of intermittent braking, the rear of the Shing car was already showing signs of swinging outwards. It is less than 5 m from the apex of the bend. Suchin slowly turned the steering wheel toward the apex of the bend while simultaneously flooring the accelerator. Boom. The engine revs surged instantly and the violent power caused the rear wheels to spin continuously, leaving two trails of white smoke on the track. The exterior of the Star Dream car body presents a smooth and silky appearance. At the same time, with a click, the tail fin rises automatically. The airflow passing over the front lip and tail fin creates a huge down force. The downward pressure came at just the right moment, pinning Shing Ming firmly to the track just as she was about to lose control. Suchin gradually reduced the throttle and adjusted the drift angle and the Star Dream car body straightened just as it swung out of the corner. Once the vehicle's mechanics are balanced, the rear spoiler will also drop with a click. It's like a notification sound. Without saying a word, Suchin went straight for the full grease. Shing Ming burst out of the corner and after a bumpy ride past the speed trap. The instantaneous speed of 218 km per hour appeared on the electronic screen next to it. The first turn of the city championship has been successfully navigated. Suchin blinked, looking at the exit of the bend, gradually receding in the rearview mirror with a sigh. This is surprisingly easy. It seems like I could increase the cornering speed even more. Meow. Shing Ming, who is in front, shook her head seriously, then breathe a sigh of relief. It wasn't easy at all. I felt like I almost crashed into her. Meow. It was all because Massa's skills were so good. It was too difficult. Meow. What will I do without Masa in the future? Suchin chuckled. We've already made a mental pact. That kind of situation won't happen. Every time I think about what kind of life I would have without Masta, I feel a deep sense of happiness. Shing Ming wagged her tail in protest. So I have to think about it more. And the more I think about it, the more I can cherish Master Meow Such Chin. Is this some form of being prepared for unforeseen circumstances? However, he genuinely felt relieved. Perhaps it's the effect of drift control level two, reducing cornering speed loss by 10%. He lit it for Shing just yesterday so that there would be more room for error in cornering speeds during the race. Now it seems that the cornering speeds he used to find quite dangerous are now easily under his control. It should be no problem to go up another 10 km or so. Suchin, however, was unaware of this. He and Shing Ming navigated the bend smoothly, even somewhat calmly, but the audience and the control room were in an uproar. That Mecca girl seemed to have popped out its tail fin when it went around the bend. Can a Mecca girl's tail fin retract automatically? I've never seen that before. What kind of modification core can produce this effect? This is outrageous. It retracts its tail fins in a straight line and pops them out when it curves. Who can outrun a Mecca girl like that? It took Brother Roast Goose a while to react before he yelled at the equally stunned camera crew next to him. Quick, play back the footage. Zoom in. The scene of Star Dream turning the corner was replayed on the big screen. Under magnification, the tail fin ascent and descent are clearly visible. Is this the effect of the modified core? He asked MacArthur, who was standing next to him in a daysaze. Oldm was also dumbfounded. H I think so. I've never seen it before. However, after a rigorous pre-race inspection, no illegal modifications were found among the participants. Therefore, this tail wing lifting effect must be due to some kind of rare modification core. MacArthur, a seasoned track analyst who had seen it all, immediately calmed down and said with a serious expression, "Without a doubt, if the modification core used by Such Chin can be mass-produced, it will be a revolutionary impact on racing. However, we'll have to study the specifics after the match. So, viewers, didn't you notice how incredibly smooth Such Chen and Shing Mangs cornering was? Smooth curves? Who cares about this anymore? The spectators in the stands were stunned and the drivers and Mecca girls who came to watch the race were even more dumbfounded. Meanwhile, the heads of various clubs and modification teams went completely mad. I need the information on that tailing lift modification core within 3 minutes. Does anyone know which club Suchin belongs to? Who is his tuner? Does anyone know? Suchin seems to be a prospective member of the Northern Wolves. So, the modification team belongs to the Northern Wolves. Quickly, go find the Northern Wolves modification team. The Northern Wolves exclusive spectator seating area. Noah was also astonished, her mind filled with the visual impact of the retractable tail wing. It was like opening the door to a new world for her. Inspiration flashed through her mind. But even when you try to grasp it, you can't. The data matrix and modification nodes in your mind are rapidly combining, splitting, and recombining. However, they have been unable to come up with a modification plan for a retractable tail wing. Creating something from nothing is really difficult. This is absolutely a groundbreaking modification technology. Where did Suchin get such an awesome modification core? Noah, you didn't make the Star Dreams modification core, did you? Leini's voice rang out from behind. Noah turned around and stared blankly at Leini, whose eyes were full of expectation and shook his head. How is that possible? If I could create such a groundbreaking modification core, I would have been an S-class or even X-class modifier long ago. A hint of disappointment flashed in Leini's eyes upon hearing this, but it's not entirely unexpected. Noah has been in the Northern Wolves T2 for so long. Everyone knows his skill level inside and out. Then you'd better run. She pointed to the adjacent stands. If you don't run now, you won't be able to escape. Noah was still wondering why he had to run. Following Leini's gaze, they discovered a group of modifiers and club managers staring intently at them, charging towards them like crazed zombies. What? Noah exclaimed in surprise. They don't think I made this modification core, do they? Leini nodded with a sympathetic look in her eyes. Noah's face turned pale. He cursed under his breath and turned to run away. At the same time, VIP seats at the voice of the night. James, the chief mo for the night team, wiped the cold sweat from his forehead, but the oppressive aura emanating from Chin Xen next to him made him uneasy. Your modification core already has the ability to raise and lower the rear wing. So why don't you, as one of the top modification groups in the China region, know anything about it? Chin Xen stared at the track, his voice devoid of emotion. But anyone who knows the situation knows that PresidentQ is already angry. Mr.Qin, there really isn't such a core modification expert in the modification circle. If there were, I would definitely be the first to know. James pursed his lips, his goatee trembling. Is it possible that this is a new technology that a DIY mechanic accidentally discovered? You mean you self-proclaimed master car mechanics are no match for an amateur car mechanic? Gene Xian's sharp eyes looked over and James didn't dare to meet his gaze, so he could only look down at his toes. What's the point of the night voice group spending so much money to support you? A bunch of useless trash. I'm only giving you one week. Gene Xion withdrew his gaze and continued watching the match. Develop a modification core with tailwing lift technology within one week. Achieve mass production and equip all the Mecca girls within one month. If you can't do it, you can all get out of here. Yes. James nodded, his face pale. It seems I'll have to visit Suchin after the match. He didn't think that Suchin could have made this kind of modified core. After all, although Such Chin is powerful, he is at most an A-level modifier. The person who can create such a revolutionary and innovative modification core needs not only talent but also sufficient experience. How old is Suchin? How much modification experience do you have? Chin Xen and James had similar thoughts. She is more inclined to believe that Such Chin has a master modifier and that this modifier core was likely made by Such Chen's master. If such a master truly exists, then we must invite the voice of the night. Chapter 91. Kim Ji's plan. A retractable tail wing. What the [ __ ] Kim J piloted the rift and followed behind Star Dream through the bend. I was completely stunned when I saw the tail fin pop up and then go down in an instant. This isn't right, is it? The tail fin can pop out and then retract. What kind of modification core can have this function? Why does it look so much like an illegal modification? Did the organizers really conduct thorough pre-race testing? This suchin just does whatever he wants. Kim Ju was overwhelmed with confusion and disbelief. In the brief moment he was stunned, Rift's Sky was once again left far behind by Star Dream. After a straight sprint, the second curve immediately followed, but he had lost his previous smuggness and composure. In my field of vision, the white phantomlike Mecca girl flashed into the bend. With a crisp click, the tail fin rose again. Then it zoomed through the bend. This time, Kim Ju was certain that he wasn't hallucinating. Isn't our Knights Voice modification team one of the top modification teams in the China region? Kim J asked Rift. Why is it that an unknown player is already using the latest technological breakthrough modification core while we are still using some old relics? However, Rift just stared blankly at the track. She could not give any answer to Kim Ji's questions. She just felt that the Mecca girl in front of her was glowing. That Mecca girl embodies what she once lost. something unattainable. But what exactly did she lose? I don't remember anymore. At this point, most of the contestants in the City Car King Championship had already started their races. Only about 30 units remain. The chase at starting position 137 entered deployment mode. Yuming tapped the steering wheel rhythmically with his fingers while jazz music played from the chases incar stereo echoed in his ears. When he has free time, he likes to curl up in the car, listen to music, and have a drink. He couldn't understand jazz music, but it was the atmosphere that made him seem melancholic and aloof. What's all the commotion outside? He vaguely heard the host's voice sound somewhat agitated. I don't know. If you turn the music down a little, you can hear it clearly. Shuying rolled her eyes. Listening to jazz music to warm up before the race. You probably won't find another oddball like Yuming in the entire competition. Who cares? They're probably cheering for our appearance. Yuming smirked and shook his head, saying, "It's normal for hosts in small towns to be so easily startled." Compared to K City, Nanching is indeed a small city. If it weren't for the fact that it happens to be one of the tracks for the city car king championship, this island city, which is like a furnace in summer and an ice cave in winter, probably has very few residents. I had a vague feeling that something was off. The host seemed to be talking about something like a tail fin, but Humankai's music was too loud and she couldn't hear it clearly. Never mind. It's probably not something worth paying attention to. Kim Ji has already passed five bents. It is expected that after five turns, they will catch up with Such Chin and Shing Mang and leave them far behind. However, the truth is that the distance between him and Rift is increasing. After another bend, he could no longer even see Shing Mings tail lights. Isn't there any other way? Kim Ji gripped the steering wheel tightly, a bead of sweat sliding down his forehead. It wasn't that he held a grudge against Such Chin and Shing Mang. He wouldn't be so anxious if it were any other driver next to him. It was precisely because Su Chun had a performance-based agreement and a conflict of interest with his superior that he had to perform well. He performed well, though perhaps without a reward. But if he doesn't perform well, Chin Xen will definitely label him as a good for nothing. He is the captain of the youth training team, has the best piloting skills, the best mecca performance, and is the most promising person to enter the voice of the night. He hadn't taken this city car king competition seriously at all. But now, never mind. While traveling in a straight line through the sky, Kim Ji took out his walkie-talkie and quickly switched to the corresponding radio station. Lee Bang Wuana, can you hear me? A somewhat noisy echo soon came through the walkie-talkie. I can hear you, Captain. What's up? Have you entered the tunnel area? Not yet. What's wrong? That's good. Slow down or stop in the safe zone under the pretext of inspecting the Mecca girls. Continue driving only after you see contestant number 65 pass by. Your target is a Mecca girl with a pure white car cover. Her headlights are blue, making her easy to spot. There was a moment of silence on the other end of the walkie-talkie. Neither of them were fools. They instantly realized what Kim J was planning to do. But what surprised them even more was that a contestant could actually force Kim J to use such tactics. Who can put so much pressure on Kim J and Ricky? Captain, what are our results? You all know that whether I can make it into a professional team depends on my performance. Kim J explained patiently. When we entered the youth training team, five of us formed a team. If my performance is problematic, do you think you can make it into voice of the night? But wouldn't that be against the rules? Yes. Another driver said, "Does the club allow us to do this? This has happened every year in the King of Racing Championship," Kim Ji said dismissively. It's considered an unspoken rule of the king of racing championship. Although it is an individual competition due to the nature of the competition, there will be more or less multiple players from a club participating. So cooperation between them is normal. Otherwise, why would the competition organizers set up a dedicated radio for a team's drivers? Isn't it just to make communication and collaboration easier for us? The two youth training team members on the other end of the walkie-talkie thought about it and realized that it really made sense. This dedicated radio station is especially reminiscent of something else. Isn't it just a blatant attempt to get teammates to conspire against each other? Received captain. We will try to intercept the target player in the tunnel area to buy you time. I have faith in you guys. Once we're in the voice of the night, we'll all be brothers. Kim Ji cut off the radio after he finished speaking. His smile faded and the corners of his mouth turned down. He really wouldn't have resorted to such underhanded tactics if it weren't for the need to impress his boss. Although he won't be criticized by the competition organizers for doing this, his reputation will definitely be tarnished for a while. This should be enough, right? Kim Ji thought to himself. All they need to do is stop Such Chin and Shing Mang in the 5 km long tunnel area. Then together with two other youth training team members, they launched a three-pronged attack on Su Chin and Shing Mang. He couldn't think of any other way Such Chin and Shing Mang could turn things around. Suchin, Such Chin, don't blame me for being ruthless. Kim Ji stared at the track and muttered to himself, "No matter what industry you're in, you need connections first and then ability. Without connections, you are nothing." Chapter 92. This kind of thing should be widely reported. Turn 147 of the City Car King Championship. Huang Shushuan driving the cloud piercer relentlessly pursued a player from the voice of the Nike Youth Training Team. Behind him were Suche, the T3 chief of Bing Jojo Shinguan Club, and Fungh Hong Sukun is under a lot of pressure right now. He kept drawing in the wake of the Mecca girl in front of him, but the other one was faster than Schwan, making it difficult for him to find an opportunity to overtake. Meanwhile, Suche and Fongi were watching them intently from behind. If the road hadn't been so narrow, they probably would have tried to overtake. So, this is the opponent Such Chan and Shing Mang will face in the City Championship. Juan Sheruan muttered to himself, a bead of cold sweat trickling down his forehead. He originally thought that professional drivers were just SOS. The main reason was that Yumings initial impression of him was quite average. Now, facing opponents like Suche and Fo, he would be incredibly stressful. He departed on train number 53. Such and Fong Hei are number 57. From the start of the competition, these two have been relentlessly pursuing him and Chuan. As the number of turns increases, the drawbacks of insufficient burst damage during the cloud-piercing attack gradually become apparent. Although its cornering speed is higher than Finghas, it is still not a match for him. Moreover, look at the sharply defined lines of the Funha's body. The framed structure looks very robust. He had absolutely no intention of fighting against Funhi. If the other vehicle wants to overtake, he has no choice but to give way. It might not matter if the wind crane gets bumped, but if the cloud-piercer gets bumped. Huang Xiun felt that he would feel heartbroken for at least 6 months. Moreover, the range of the cloud chaser is very low. Once a collision occurs, the cloud chaser may not be able to finish the race. A 360 kilometer track like the King of Cars Championship is already the limit for the Cloud Chaser. Just as Huang Shushuan was pondering how to break the deadlock, suddenly a screeching sound of brakes came from ahead. Suddenly, the youth training team driver who was driving normally changed lanes, slowed down, and gradually fell behind Chuan. Then Fingha. What the hell? Huang Xien was stunned for a moment. Could it be that the Mecca girl has malfunctioned? Master, the enemy's Mecca girls are not malfunctioning. Chuan Yans voice came from ahead. They deliberately slowed down. The reason is unknown. Are they crazy? Do they think we're too bad and are deliberately letting us run out of time? Huang Shushuan laughed as he said this. This is an open tournament, not a practice match. How could you be so hasty? Besides, neither he nor Suche are pushovers. Inside the cockpit of the Wind Crane, Suche also noticed the unusual situation of the Night Voice youth training team. What are these guys doing? After all, he grew up in a club. Having been exposed to it from a young age, he immediately sensed a hint of conspiracy. The team's drivers exhibited unusual behavior on the track. There are essentially two possibilities. Either there's a malfunction or they're preparing to resort to dirty tricks. He hasn't figured out what the Night Voice youth training team is up to yet until they approach the tunnel section. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw another Night Voice Mecha Girl parked in the safe zone by the track. If it was for the purpose of inspecting the Mecca girl, why didn't the pilot get off the vehicle? The logistics team didn't come either. It looks like they were waiting there on purpose, etc. A flash of inspiration struck Suché. The tunnel was a narrow two-lane tunnel. Two drivers who had started ahead suddenly slowed down or even stopped without any apparent problem. Moreover, they were both drivers from the Night Voice Youth Training Team. I understand. Such snorted coldly. The Night Voice Youth Training Team is no good either. They only use underhanded methods. Oh, Shiao is so smart. Did you figure it out? Fo, he had actually figured it out, but he pretended not to know. They probably got their eyes on some unlucky guy and are deliberately trying to intercept him in the tunnel section. Such tapped his fingers lightly on the steering wheel, but I don't quite understand why, because that would ruin the results of two youth team players. However, there are five players in their group, and who knows what deep-seated grudge they might have against each other, or whether they're cooperating to cover for one of them. It's hard to say. Such felt sorry for the unlucky guy, wondering who he was. Having barely fought their way out of the city championship, they still have to face the minations of power and capital. If he were in this situation, he wouldn't have any way to break the deadlock in the tunnel. One can only hope that the driver won't be so badly discouraged that he'll give up his racing dream altogether. Fairness is only relative. He was always very clear about this. He cannot make all competitions fair. He can only ensure that he doesn't become the one who undermines fairness. Oh my, little Chay is so smart. Fong he smiled, covering her mouth and chuckling. Looks like all that milk you've been drinking these past few days hasn't been a waste. You should keep drinking it. Uh," Suche blushed slightly. Speaking of milk, he couldn't help but recall the time when Finho would make him breakfast everyday wearing only an apron, carrying a warm cup of milk as she gracefully walked towards him. "No, I can't think about it too much." Such took three deep breaths to adjust his breathing. This is a competition after all. There's no time to think about anything else. If you want to think about it, you should think about it as long as you get good results after the competition. Control room. Both roast goose bro and MacArthur noticed the unusual behavior of the night voic's youth training team. Then there's Jean Zay and Lyong who have always been suppressed by Such Chan and Shing Ming and unable to stand out. It's quite obvious what these youth training teams are trying to do. It seems that the voice of the knight is planning to attack Suchun and Shing Mang from both sides. The roast goose guy turned off the microphone looking utterly disdainful. Old Mai shook his head repeatedly. Although the City Car King Championship does not prohibit this kind of operation. I really didn't expect that such a big group as Night Voice would resort to such despicable means. To be honest, it's a bit shameful. Boss, should we show the camera to the voice of the night team later? A photographer asked the Rose Goose guy a question. Sure, why not? Brother Rose Goose chuckled. We'll broadcast our show. Even though Voice of the Night is a sponsor, they can't take away our hosts rights, can they? In a bit, we'll show all the close-up shots of the tunnel so everyone can see what kind of Big Shot Voice of the Night is like. He in the audience seats. the voice of the night exclusive VIP area. Chin Xen crossed his arms over his chest, his face ashen. The youth training team coaches standing nearby didn't dare to say a word as they looked at her gloomy face. The youth training team has already begun collaborating on the field. Whether this tactic succeeds or not, it has already left the voice of the night group with a huge mess. Onethird of the race has been completed. Inside the Star Dream cockpit, Suchun looked relaxed. The only ones who posed a slight threat, Kim Jiol and Ricky, have been left far behind. He only needs to focus on navigating each bend. Well, there's even time to need one's beliefs and share a wave of resonance. Mass, we're almost at the tunnel section. Shing Ming gently patted Such Chen's mischievous hand behind her. I heard it's pitch black inside and the roads are narrow, only two lanes wide, so we need to be careful. Okay, Such Chin nodded. After the tunnel comes the first challenging stage. The downhill section with five consecutive hairpin bends is also the first stage where a significant gap can be created. Suddenly, a warning sign flashed before my eyes. Maintenance sign. Shing. Did you see that? I see it. Meow. It's definitely a maintenance sign. There's a robot girl parked in the safe zone ahead. Suchin frowned slightly. This track isn't too difficult so far. Who is performing maintenance up ahead? Could it be that a collision occurred? Because the Mecca girls are extremely fast and they are about to enter a narrow lane. The maintenance sign will be placed one kilometer in advance and then placed again 500 meters and 200 meters away from the maintenance vehicle as a reminder for a total of three reminders for the following contestants. If the maintenance is complete, the next two signs will be changed green. These maintenance signs were placed by the logistics team. When Such Chun and Shing Mang were almost at the tunnel entrance, he saw the last green maintenance sign flash by in his field of vision. Then the star dream was driven around a bent. The tunnel entrance is right in front of us. At the same time, two Mecca girls appeared in front of him, driving almost side by side. These Mecca girls all have black bodies with silver trim. Furthermore, all of their cars had the same cross-shaped crescent-shaped team emblem on the rear. Chapter 93. The way to break the stalemate. Suchin was taken aback when he saw the two contestants from Voice of the Night. However, he realized what was going on almost instantly. This has been taken over by someone. He suddenly felt like laughing. He had seen all sorts of underhanded tactics on Earth. And it turns out that underhanded tactics still exist in this new world. And it's the kind of acting that doesn't even involve acting. Off-field tactics are almost unavoidable in motorsports because of the disparity between clubs. Competition between clubs is an objective reality and there will always be some people who try to do something unethical. However, the underhanded tactics used by the Earth Star Club are more subtle and are generally not shown to the audience. For example, smear campaigns, sewing discord, making false complaints, monopolizing material supply, and interfering with logistics. The tactics used by the Knights Voice Youth training team at this moment are simply crude and despicable compared to those of the clubs on Earth. That's why he felt like laughing. But then a sense of anxiety arose. Suchin glanced at the surrounding track. They were about to enter the tunnel section. The other side clearly wanted to completely block the track after entering the two lanes, forcing him and Shing Ming to slow down in the tunnel and then wait for Jin Z and Lyong to catch up and launch a three-way attack. Breaking through the blockade of a single vehicle is easy. However, breaking through the blockade of three vehicles requires absolute superiority in attributes and technology, which would be very difficult. Therefore, once they enter the tunnel, he and Shing Ming will inevitably be intercepted and their results will be completely ruined. To break the deadlock, we must enter the tunnel before their blockade is completed. Suchin's heart skipped a beat. All he could do now was overtake the car before entering the tunnel. However, as Shing Ming approached the two Mecca girls in front, those two Mecca girls also began to accelerate. The operation of the eye of god allowed suchin to clearly see the attributes of the two mecha girls on the left and right. The one on the left is called spectrum and the one on the right is called night owl. Their speed attributes are 67 and 63 respectively. Their speed attributes are not as good as shing but shing cannot create a significant gap between them in a short period of time. At the edge of the field of vision, a road sign marking the tunnel flashed by 500 m from the tunnel section. The remaining playing distance is less than 500 m, and it is almost impossible to overtake Spectrum and Night Owl within 500 m unless they don't stop them. But is that even possible? On the track, Suchin drove the Star Dream out of the Spectrum's wake, preparing to change lanes. As expected, the spectral and owl forces ahead made their move. The spectrum remained in its original position, and the owl changed lanes along with it. Seeing this, Such Chen's heart sank. Without absolute speed advantage, even if he uses a faint to change lanes while piloting the Star Dream, it will be useless. Only one of the two Mecca girls needs to be sent out to keep an eye on him, while the other Mecca girl can remain unchanged and adapt to any situation. And that's exactly what the pilots of Spectrum and Naidal did. This is an almost impeccable defense and also the most despicable and shameless underhanded tactic in motorsports. Aren't these guys afraid of being gossiped about behind their backs? Suchin clenched his fists and cursed under his breath. Meanwhile, Shing Ming, whose attention was focused on the track, also noticed something was wrong. Damn it. Those two night voice contestants ahead of us are deliberately preventing us from passing. She complained loudly, making whoosh whoosh whoosh sounds as she breathed. I know, don't rush. At the edge of the field of vision, the tunnel was right in front of us. Suchin stared at the curve of the tunnel wall and a flash of inspiration struck him. One of the stunts in earthbased racing is a style of driving close to a wall. However, this driving method requires a high level of vehicle speed and driver skill. Suchin couldn't lift one side of the race car close to the wall on flat ground. That technology only exists in theory. It requires the driver to have an inhuman level of control over the balance of the race car and the fine motor skills required. Only on a film set can the vehicle body actively adhere to the wall using various instruments. But the conditions are not that demanding now because the tunnel for the City Car King Championship has a rounded edge. Theoretically, he could use this arc to hug the tunnel wall the moment he enters and then all he has to do is maintain his balance and overtake. Star Dream, I have an idea. Suchin took a deep breath and tried to relax all his muscles. Although this method is somewhat risky, it is the only way to break the deadlock. Shing Ming is angry. He kept muttering under his breath, "Bad guy, idiot, trash." She thinks certain words are aggressive, but in reality, their aggressiveness is questionable. Upon hearing that Suchin had a solution, she immediately blinked her big eyes and beamed with joy. "Masta is the best cat. Tell me what the trick is." "It's hard to say." Suchin stared at the approaching tunnel entrance, his whole body tense. You'll see how I do it later. Dear viewers, this is the competition venue for the City Car King Championship. I am your host, Brother Rose Goose. Those who have been following the match may have already noticed something interesting. Brother Rose Goose glanced at the VIP seats of Voice of the Night and said without any hesitation, "That's right. Our players, Such Chin and Shing Mang, are being maliciously intercepted by two players from the Voice of the Night Youth training team. If he fails to overtake before entering the tunnel, he will face a 5 kmter window of uncertainty, a period that could potentially cost him his entire race. Since the organizers did not prohibit confrontation, we cannot condemn this fighting behavior. Now, we'll see what counter measures Suchin will take. Will they silently endure and make a comeback in 6 months? Or will they recklessly charge forward with their Mecca girls to carve a bloody path? We'll wait and see. Rose Goose Bro's seemingly routine description from an objective perspective successfully ignited the anger of the audience. What is the voice of the night doing? It's shameful. Damn it. I spent 500 yan on a ticket just to see them bully others on the track. I've never been a big fan of the voice of the night before, but today I'm totally hooked. What kind of top club in the Chinese region is this? This is the attitude they have. Pure garbage. Various insults and curses rang out from all over the audience. If the knight's voice were using underhanded tactics against another team at that moment, the audience wouldn't have reacted so strongly. The problem is that Such Chin is just an amateur racer with no club behind him. To put it bluntly, they are the vulnerable group. Now, the Night Voice youth training team not only bullies the weak, but also uses its numbers to take advantage of the weak. For true fans of The Voice of the Night, the youth training team's actions are like feeding them [ __ ] In the VIP seats, amidst the surrounding insults, James and Jessica turned pale and lowered their heads, not daring to utter a sound. Gene Xen appeared expressionless, seemingly unconcerned about the insults, but her cold gaze and taught fingers clearly revealed her inner turmoil. Jessica is one of Chin Xians assistants who has been with him for quite some time. Judging from Chin Xen's expression, she knew that this young lady was already thinking about how to deal with those five boys from the youth training team after the competition. Alas, one wrong step can lead to eternal regret. Jessica sighed as she watched the live track footage on the big screen. Why can't these young people understand? For the voice of the night, victory is important, but the dignity of the larger group is even more important. As for the situation with Su Chin and Shing Ming, she couldn't bear to look anymore. With the youth training team's actions, Such Chen's performance in this match is completely ruined. However, at that moment, squeak. A screeching sound of brakes suddenly rang out. The screeching sound of the tires scraping against the ground was like a defiant roar, accompanied by the roar of the engine, piercing through the screen and striking everyone's hearts. This moment, whether it's criticism, insults, or indifference, they all turned their attention to the big screen without prior arrangement. They saw 50 m from the tunnel entrance. The dazzling white phantom was slicing towards the tunnel wall at an almost suicidal angle. Chapter 94. Amazing operation. The tunnel entrance for the City Car King Championship features a beautiful curved design. This is a streamlined wall designed to reduce wind resistance. It wasn't until that crazy idea popped into his head that Suchin realized what was happening. It seems that the tunnel entrance had the same design style during the previous city championship. Thank you for this curved wall. This gave him the courage to try driving close to the wall even though he only understood the theory. 100 m from the tunnel entrance. Suchin applied the brakes to slow down. 200 kmph is the maximum speed at which he can immediately take effective action in case of an emergency. 50 m from the tunnel entrance. His eyes narrowed slightly and a beat of cold sweat trickled down his forehead. The next second, he slammed his right foot on the accelerator and simultaneously turned the steering wheel sharply to the right at about 45°. The car began to tilt to the right, but that wasn't enough. He continued to turn the steering wheel to the right until it reached its limit. The dim light of the tunnel engulfed him and Shing. The wind howled outside the car window at the tunnel entrance. The vision before him flickered from light to dark. And in that fleeting moment, Such Chin had already made a slight adjustment. Slightly released the accelerator and gently straightened the steering wheel, allowing the vehicle to precisely kiss the right side wall at an angle of approximately 30°. squeak. The sound of tires squeezing made Such Chen's heart pound. My vision began to tilt and invert, and a feeling of weightlessness came with a jolt, after which everything calmed down. The Star Dreams car stabilized, hugging the tunnel wall at an angle of about 45° with two wheels on the track and two wheels on the wall, speeding along at breakneck speed. Suchin tensed up, completely focused. With the left foot hovering above the brake pedal, ready to make minor adjustments at any time, and the right foot on the accelerator pedal, the car operates with millimeter level precision. If it's too light, the Star Dream car will lose its centrial force and slip off the wall. If it's too heavy, the excessive friction will cause the car to become unstable. At this moment, Shing Ming was dumbfounded, staring blankly at the tilted world in front of her. She never imagined that Master's countermeasure would be so brilliant. But what followed was a surge of excitement stemming from the bloodline of Mecca Girls. She cheered. Master, you're amazing. Hino has turned into a spider robot girl now. Meow. The description of Shing Ming is very apt. Isn't her car body now almost like a spider clinging to a wall? The two drivers from the night's voice were equally surprised. What? What is he doing? Driving close to the wall? Didn't the captain say he was just an amateur driver? Does an amateur driver have this kind of skill? What are you all yelling about? I can't even hear Rift's route anymore. Jean asked impatiently over the walkie-talkie. Captain, a driver said, his lips trembling. You might not believe it, but that amateur driver you asked us to snipe, he can drive close to walls. He can climb walls. He emphasized the words amateur driver so much that he even gritted his teeth. Could this be an amateur driver? Damn it. If these were amateur drivers, wouldn't they be nothing more than rotten cabbage leaves in a garbage dump? What did you say? He can climb walls? The voice on the other end of the walkie-talkie was eight octaves higher and distorted. Kim J was clearly quite frightened. Are you kidding me? You can't just be making up some excuse because you couldn't stop them, can you? Captain, you can watch the video yourself after the race. The driver slammed the walkie-talkie down. He has only one thought right now. That is to observe firsthand the top level maneuver of driving close to the wall. Previously, we could only see it once or twice in highlight reels of top drivers. This is the first time I've seen it in person today. In the stands, almost all the spectators stood up staring in disbelief at the big screen. Rose Goose bros hands were trembling as he held the microphone. He quickly realized what was happening and shouted, "Ladies and gentlemen, unbelievable." Su Chian and Shing contestants actually used the wall hugging technique. No driver in the history of the City Car King Championship has ever used such a difficult technique. This is absolutely a gamecher. I now strongly suspect that the race organizers did not thoroughly vet the driver's information. A driver capable of performing such difficult maneuvers could absolutely not be an amateur driver without a club contract. Brother Roast Goose has said everything that should and shouldn't be said. He just wanted to vent his shock and excitement. Whether or not he got his chicken leg deducted was completely irrelevant. In the audience, Leini, who had just taken a sip of soda and hadn't even had a chance to swallow it, looked at the big screen and suddenly spat it all out. In the VIP seats of the voice of the night, Jean Xen's usually impassive face revealed surprise for the first time. "What? That's awesome." Jessica couldn't help but swear. She realized she used to speak a bit too loudly. With his skill and courage to stick to the wall, Such Chin is destined to become an S-class driver in the future. His talent is definitely no less than Chin X science. Suchin was unaware that his actions captured by the drone had shocked the entire audience. Even if he knew, there was no time to feel smug. He was on edge, walking on thin ice, carefully controlling the car, afraid of making any mistake. After sticking to the wall, he gradually increased his speed. He can't just play it safe because he also needs to overtake others. Beneath the dazzling and impressive gameplay lie details that would intimidate countless people. He had to constantly make minor adjustments to the steering wheel, maintaining small swings of 3 to 5° to ensure that the right tire of the Star Dream remained firmly against the wall. At the same time, the throttle opening should be kept fluctuating between 33% and 37% and the power output should be adjusted according to the slight undulations of the wall. If any step goes wrong, Star Dream will break free from the wall. In this narrow tunnel, especially when you're already close to the two Mecca girls in front, it's undoubtedly very dangerous. Ma Moss, 100 m ahead, sharp left turn. Meow. Shing Mings voice was trembling. Seeing that Suchin showed no sign of slowing down, she felt inexplicably panicked. Isn't master going too fast? It's already at 264. Meow. It's okay. Suchin stared intently at the track, gritting his teeth. The faster the better. Boom. Amidst the roar of the engine, the Mecca girls of the two contestants from Voice of the Night are right in front of you. The bend is also right in front of us. The Mecca Girl Spectrum and Night owl have already slowed down and drifted into the corner under the control of their respective pilots. But Suchin kept the accelerator pedal locked, showing no intention of slowing down at all. Just before Shing Ming rushed into the apex of the bend, Suchin slightly moved his wrist, turning the steering wheel slightly to the left to reduce the tilt angle of Shing. If the previous angle is maintained, there is a high possibility that Hino might get injured due to insufficient buffer distance. Now his calculations and experience tell him that it is perfectly sufficient. The moment the star dream car entered the apex of the corner, the enormous centrifugal force should have thrown her to the outside. However, due to the use of wall hugging driving, this centrifugal force actually helps the vehicle press more tightly against the right wall. At this point, the cornering speed of the Star Dream is 271 km per hour. Even on a provincial level racetrack, such cornering speeds would be enough to shock everyone. Now, this unbelievable cornering speed has appeared in the City Car King Championship. Click. The moment it exited the corner, the two wheels of the Star Dream precisely ran over the speedometer. At the same time, the car almost grazed the Night Owl, which had just straightened out of the corner and sped off. For Night Owl and Spectrum, whose average cornering speed is less than 200, Star Dreams speed at this moment is no less than launching another rocket. After navigating the bend, Suchin made slight adjustments to the steering wheel, guiding Shing back onto the track along the curved wall. From entering the tunnel to driving close to the wall and then overtaking on a curve, Shing maintained an average speed of around 250 km per hour. At this moment, the two Night Voice Youth team players who had just straightened out of the bend could no longer see Shings shadow, let alone stopping him. They could no longer even hope to see Shings tail lights. Chapter 95. One more time, let's relive the amazing plays by Su Chan and Shing. The large screen displays footage just captured by the high-speed drone. First, it was at 1x speed, then at 0.3x speed. The white phantom smoothly ascended the wall, leaving a trail of white smoke from the tires at the tunnel entrance. Before the white smoke had even dissipated, Shing Ming had already arrived at the first bend in the tunnel. The moment you enter a corner, you go from a state where half of your car is on the track and half on the wall to a state where all four wheels are hugging the wall. This scene was truly breathtaking. Even at this slow speed, the moments when Suchin drives the Star Dream onto the wall and overtakes other cars with all four wheels close to the wall on the curve are still very entertaining. As the car slowed down, the terrifying cornering speed of the Star Dream made the two athletes from the Night Voice Youth training team look like snails. slowly crawling on the track. An uproar erupted in the audience. Previously, the audience was so impressed by Su Chen's incredible actions that they forgot to speak and even forgot to breathe. This slow motion playback finally allowed them to release their shock and passion through cheers. Without a doubt, Such Chin and Shing Mangs names are now remembered by many viewers, and they are about to have their first batch of enthusiastic fans. After all, this team rose to prominence by stepping over the corpses of the Night Voice youth training team. So, its prestige and fan attracting effect are self-evident. Dear viewers, I suddenly feel like I'm hosting a provincial competition. It would be a real shame if my boss didn't give me a raise. Rose Goose Bro's self-deprecating humor drew laughter from the audience. He continued, "The layman sees the spectacle. The expert sees the details. We only see the amazing and gorgeous performances of Such Chun and Shing Ming, but we don't know the difficulty involved. Let's have our track analyst, Mr. MacArthur, explain it to us. Old Might took the microphone and looked at the camera with a touch of emotion. More than half a month ago, Such Chan and Shing Ming were the analysts for the City Championship. Now, looking back at the amazing plays made by Such Chun and Shing Ming, he felt a sense of pride. Thank you to the host, brother Rose Scoo, for giving us the camera. Oldm said politely. Then his expression turned serious. If we just talk about the driver's specific actions, the audience might not understand. All you need to know is that the key to keeping the Mecca girl close to the wall is the balance of forces, just like walking a tight rope, which is a skill that requires years of training to master. At the same time, this technique is very demanding on the drivers energy and mental strength, and it is already the limit to be used once or twice. In addition, Such Chin and Shing Ming cleverly utilized a physical phenomenon when cornering close to the wall, the redistribution of centrifugal force. Rose Gookai, could you explain in more detail? Old my when the Mecca girl is cornering normally, she needs centrial force to maintain her curved motion. This centrial force is usually provided by the friction between the tires and the ground which limits the cornering speed. But when she's hugging a wall, the wall can provide additional support. This is similar to the principle we experience on a roller coaster at an amusement park. The outer track helps us withstand centrifugal force, which is why Su Chin and Shing Ming were able to overtake at extremely high cornering speeds here, carving a bloody path through adversity. Although old Mac didn't explain the driver's specific actions. Instead, they tried to explain it from the principles, but most of the audience said they couldn't understand it at all. However, they understood one thing. This was the path that Such Chin and Shing Mang had carved out of their predicament. Isn't the behavior of the Night Voice used training team players chasing and blocking them a predicament? If an ordinary driver were in this situation, they would simply have to accept their fate. But Su Chun and Shing Mang managed to crush their conspiracy with their technology. Finally, I want to say that this kind of operation requires precise speed control, perfect angle calculation, and millisecond reaction time. Any slight operational error can lead to failure. MacArthur paused. Most importantly, courage. Many professional drivers, even top drivers, can theoretically use this wall hugging maneuver, but very few people attempt this technique. I think this is a lack of courage. The design of curved walls and tunnel tracks throughout history has its reasons, but many drivers rely solely on mediocre skills and the performance of their Mecca girls, having long forgotten the two most important qualities of a driver, courage and a spirit of adventure. His voice gradually became more impassioned. But today, in Such Chan and Shing Ming, I have once again seen these two noble qualities. After he finished speaking, he put down the microphone and led the applause. The applause wasn't for himself, but for Su Chin and Shing Ming. It is a tribute to the driver's courage and adventurous spirit in daring to take on challenges. Soon, applause erupted from the audience like a torrential downpour. However, Such Chin on the track could not hear the applause. After a thrilling and intense drive close to the wall, his adrenaline didn't decrease at all. On the contrary, it stimulated his brain to become even more active. This wall hugging driving doesn't seem so impressive. Suchin glanced at the curved tunnel walls on both sides of the track. The 5 km tunnel has seven curves. If he could use wall hugging driving on all the curves, wouldn't Shings average speed in the tunnel be consistently above 250 km per hour? As for the dangers, there are definitely some. Danger was ever present from the moment we entered the racetrack. For drivers, all they need to do is keep the danger under their control. Suchin had a vague feeling that if it was a curved tunnel wall, then the danger of driving close to the wall was completely under his control. If you succeed the first time, you can try again. How can you improve without trying? What he didn't know was that in the heart of God, the overtaking technique that was originally at the novice level had quietly become the skill of an expert. Moss sharp right turn in 200 m. Received. Suchin snapped out of his days. The bend also appeared at the edge of the field of vision. In the blink of an eye, an idea began to grow wildly in his mind. Driving close to the wall. Do it again, you son of a [ __ ] Control room. The roast goose guy is still inserting ads. The cameraman next to him started shouting first. It's on the wall. It's on the wall. He patted the roast goose guy's shoulder hard. Bro, stop inserting those stupid ads. Suchin and Shing Mang are on the wall again. What? Roast Goose Bro immediately cut off the advertisement and zoomed in on the track footage. Just then, the star dream in the shot was completing the turn with all four wheels hugging the tunnel wall. The entire audience erupted in cheers. "Old my roast goose guy" stammered. "Didn't you just say that this kind of technique is very taxing on the driver's energy and brain power? It can only be used once or twice when you're in top form." "Yes, yes." MacArthur swallowed hard and stared blankly at the big screen. I'm telling the truth. Perhaps Such Chun and Shing Mong are in a bit too good of a form. Chapter 96. Kim Ji also wants to be on the wall. Wow. H awesome. As a car modification mechanic, Suchin has always considered himself to be very rational. Only now did he realize that he wasn't rational. He was sexually repressed. He simply lacked the outlet for his fervor and passion because modification work requires rationality. He never actually finished a full race. But he's an incredibly hot form right now. And isn't Star Dream whose real-time frequency has quietly reached 65% the same? Go for it. Meow. I want to be featured on the wall too. Okay, let's continue. Suchin nodded. Even if Shing Ming hadn't said that today, his foot would still be glued to the accelerator. If you're a real man, then you should get on the wall. The third bend up the wall. A roar echoed through the tunnel. Cheers erupted continuously from the stands. It's on the wall. It's on the wall again. Rose Goose Bros stammered as he held the microphone. Will Such Chun and Shing Mang choose to hug the wall for the fourth corner again? He keenly realized that today's game might be the peak of his career. Therefore, there's no need to focus the camera on the other contestants. All cameras should be focused on Such Chin and Shing Ming. He wants tomorrow's League Daily Report and League News to be completely explosive. We want our host posters plastered all over the streets and alleys. Of course, Su Chin and Shing Mang are definitely in the center of the poster. If Su Chin and Shing Ming use the wall hugging cornering technique every time they take a corner in the tunnel, then the final ranking of this racing championship will be a foregone conclusion because there's more than one tunnel. Instead, it features five tunnel tracks with a total length of 30 km. With an overwhelming speed advantage of 30 km per hour, how can other competitors compete for first place? On the fourth bend, Such Chun and Shing Mang continued to climb the wall. All the curves in the fifth, sixth, and seventh tunnel tracks. Such Chin and Shing Mang never took a regular turn. They always went full speed and hugged the wall with all four wheels. If it's pasted onto the wall once or twice, the audience will be shocked. After several such incidents, the audience had become numb to it. They even felt that it would be abnormal if Such Chin and Shing Mang didn't go full speed and hugged the wall when cornering in the tunnel track later. Rose Goose Guy shoved the microphone against MacArthur's cheek. Hey MacArthur, are you sure this kind of driving style is very taxing on the driver. I old my moved the microphone away and gave a smile. I don't know. Maybe this is the difference between people. Once they left the tunnel area, Such Chen's adrenaline finally began to drop. After the tunnel section comes the first challenging section of the City Car King Championship, a combination of five consecutive hairpin bands. However, this was not a big problem for him. He easily drifted over by slightly reducing his speed. Now reason has regained control of his mind and he is not so arrogant as to think that he can solve the five consecutive hairpin bends at a cornering speed of around 270 km per hour. The broadcast camera then focused on the other contestants. Such Chin and Shing Mang have been dominating the screen for too long. It's time to give the other contestants some screen time, too. The shot then focused on Kim Jay Yol and Ricky who had just entered the tunnel section. Inside the cockpit of Rift, Kim Ji's face was somber as he continued to confirm the situation with the two team members in front of him. They've completely lost you. They don't even know where they are anymore. That's impossible. What? We have to drive right up to the wall on every tunnel curve. Kim Ju's vision went black and he almost couldn't catch his breath. Wall hugging driving. How does that guy know that technique? Isn't he a rookie driver who's only participated in one city championship? Anyone can't do wallhugging driving. Kim Ji said to Rift in front of him. Rift, let's try wallhugging driving, too. The theory is clear, just like the roller coaster at an amusement park. If the speed is fast enough, it can firmly adhere to the wall. Lyong remained silent, seemingly still pondering Kim Ji's instructions, but Kim took it as Rayquaza's tacit agreement. The first bend is just ahead. He immediately turned the steering wheel, causing the rift to cut towards the tunnel wall. Ladies and gentlemen, what is Kim J doing? The roast goose guy yelled. Is he going to drive close to the wall, too? Can he even do it? In the audience, many fans of the voice of the night stood up holding up banners supporting the voice of the night and looking at the big screen with great excitement. However, not everyone is Suchin. Even though Suchin lacked experience in driving close to walls, he possessed extensive experience as a car modification engineer. Their understanding of the car's condition is absolutely no worse than that of top drivers. Kim couldn't do it. The angle at which the car cuts into the curve and tunnel wall is too steep. Although the speed was high, it failed to achieve perfect mechanical balance. Just as the front of the car was about to hit the cold wall, Kim Ji's pupils suddenly contracted. He felt that the tires on the outside of the rift were not firmly attached to the wall as expected, but rather felt like he was stepping on slippery grease. Squeak. The tires were spinning wildly, and the car body was shaking violently. Oh no! Kim Jay broke out in a cold sweat, his heart clenching. He instinctively slammed on the brakes, trying to save himself. But doing this at high speed while hugging the wall is tantamount to cording death. The loss of control came suddenly and unexpectedly. The outer tires of the rift instantly lost traction, and the enormous inertia caused the heavy body of the rift to be violently lifted and flipped outwards as if by an invisible giant hand. The vehicle flipped over. Boom. Dash. The car roof crashed heavily to the ground. With its chassis facing upwards, it glides forward. The metal screeched as it rubbed against the ground, sending sparks flying. Inside the cockpit, Kim Ji felt dizzy and his vision was filled with the rolling tunnel lights. The huge impact made him see stars. A dash. The desperate and fearful screams were half stuck in his throat and half choked out from his clenched teeth. What alarmed Kim J even more was that Rift didn't provide him with any additional protection. Instead, it began to strengthen the car's rigidity and toughness. In a dangerous situation, Rift, as a Mecca girl, surprisingly prioritizes protecting herself over the pilot. Kim was also stunned, but he wasn't stunned for long. As Lyon crashed into the tunnel wall on the other side, he also blacked out and passed out. This entire scene was captured by a high-speed drone. The roast goose guy almost dropped the microphone in his hand. He quickly yelled at the staff next to him, "Quick, quick. Get the logistics and medical teams up here and move them off the track right now." The tunnel section is a narrow two-lane road. The rift is right at the bend and it's even taking up one lane. In case of an emergency, the Mecca girls will prioritize protecting the pilot. This means that even the strongest Mecca girls can be seriously injured and fall into a coma in the event of a severe impact. Whether to maintain the racing car form at this point depends on probability. So, this is undoubtedly a time bomb for the drivers who follow. If a chain reaction of collisions occurs, it's all over. However, Brother Roast Goose's worries were a bit unnecessary because on the big screen, Rift had automatically deactivated her racing car form. She looked very calm, unlike Kim J, who was covered in blood. She seemed to be completely unharmed. Not only was he not injured, they even had the strength to drag the seriously injured Kim Jay Yol to a safe area next to the tunnel. She showed no intention of seeking emergency medical assistance. Or perhaps she simply wasn't aware of being a paramedic. She only knew that blocking the track would affect other competitors. But she didn't understand the significance of Jean Zay's emergency rescue. Subconsciously, Jean Zay's rescue was the medical team's job, and she wasn't a healing type Mecca girl, as well as whether Kim Ju lives or dies is irrelevant to her. She ran through a specific program like a robot. Then he randomly found a corner and sat there hugging his knees, lost in thought. Chapter 97. They have a good reputation. Su Chun and Shing Ming Chilian overtook the car at high speed while hugging the wall. Kim Ji, who was imitating Dongure, crashed his car against the wall and suffered a head injury and bleeding. The entire audience burst into laughter. The fans holding up the voice of the night banner had faces that flush red and then turned pale like they'd been dyed. The more excited I was just now, the more embarrassed I am now. Some people with bad tempers have already thrown their support signs on the ground. The VIP seating area of the Voice of the Night was completely silent. Jessica and James dared not speak, and the other players who came to watch the game were even more silent. Hearing the jeers and curses from the surrounding audience and fans, Gene Xian's eyelids twitched and his chest heaved violently. He barely managed to swallow the curse that was on the tip of his tongue. Even so, she didn't want to stay here any longer. Let's go. She stood up and beckoned to Jessica beside her. I originally came here today to watch the youth training team's performance. The manager in charge of recruiting players said that the youth training team had some promising talents this year and she was quite looking forward to it. But this is what happened. Good prospects are just throwing the voice of the night brand on the ground and stomping on it. Right, President Jean? What should we say about Jean Z and the others? The manager asked cautiously, still clinging to a sliver of hope. After all, the opponent was indeed abnormal. So, we can't blame Kim J entirely, right? It's obvious to everyone that Kim Jiel has already worked very hard and in terms of performance, he can completely surpass the members of the previous youth training team. He was just unlucky to encounter a player who was completely unpredictable. However, get them out of here. Chin Xen didn't turn his head, his cold voice echoing in the air. You get out of here, too. Hello, everyone. The match is now halfway through, so we'd like to take a short commercial break. The roast goose guy finished reading the advertising slogan he hadn't finished before. Bored at home? Come to tomato.com and read the wildly popular universe invincible Tyrannosaurus rose goose novel that lets you spend money to cultivate immortality without having to support a female sword immortal. There are also great prizes such as a Mango computer, a watermelon phone, and an Okamoto 001 spike club waiting for you to win. You can get rich while reading books. What are you waiting for? After the commercial break, Brother Rose Goose asked the director to turn the camera to the City Car King competition track. Kim Ji, the captain of the voice of the Nike Youth Training Team, has been eliminated, which is definitely a heavy blow to the other four members of the youth training team. However, this is also an opportunity. If they perform better than Kim J, they may be able to qualify for voice of the night. Let's see how they perform now. The camera focuses on two Mecca girls speeding along the track, one after the other. The entire car is covered in black with silver trim on the doors and rear spoiler. There were the two youth training players who had previously intercepted Su Chin and Shing Mang in the tunnel. Spectrum and Al kept changing lanes and swerving on the track trying to overtake. The high-speed drones camera continues to pan forward. The audience then noticed that there were two other Mecca girls piloting almost side by side in front of Spectrum and Night Owl. The two Mecca girls were covered in silver gray car covers with a striking black wolf head emblem at the rear. Oh my god, this is really bad. Roast Goose Bro had a strange expression, but his tone was a bit gloating. Dear viewers, the players from the Night Voice used training team were actually blocked by two players from the Northern Wolves. The drivers in the Northern Wolves T2 team are all genuine professional racers. Although the trainee of the Night Voice Youth team are excellent, it will probably be quite difficult for them to break through the defense of two professional drivers, but I believe they can do it. Brother Roast Goose silently made a mental calculation. The last sentence of that passage was just him blatantly exaggerating the voice of the night. Shouldn't he get a huge raise? On the track, the two trainee from the Night Voice Academy, Driving Spectrum and Naidal had ashen faces. Damn it. We never messed with Northern Wolves T2. Are they crazy? Why did they block us but not Such Chin and Shing Mang? Is Suchin a prospective member of the Northern Wolves? The two drivers were completely baffled and had no way to deal with the Northern Wolf T2 driver. They do have two more players in their youth training team, but they start from the back of the grid and definitely can help. Meanwhile, the Northern Wolf T2 professional racers skills and Mecha Girl performance are not bad and even better overall. If the Northern Wolves are deliberately targeting them, there's nothing they can do. Surprisingly, neither the general audience nor the fans of The Voice of the Night reacted much to this scene. Ordinary viewers find this kind of confrontation normal. The fans of The Voice of the Night were too ashamed to say anything more. VIP seating area of Northern Wolf T2. The Yini crossed her arms, grinning meaningfully. The voice of the night youth training team, huh? Trying to block my Northern Wolves reserve players, huh? Let's see if I don't mess with you to death. She glanced at the track map, immediately picked up the walkie-talkie, and gave instructions to Fong Ping and Li Xuan through the team's private radio. For the more challenging tracks later on, you two should put some extra pressure on those brats from the Night Voice youth training team. Damn it, let them know that they're not the only ones in the Night Voice who know how to use underhanded tactics. They like to play dirty tricks, but we northern wolves are even more cunning. received. Fonping and Li Xi Yuan responded simultaneously. On the track, the two men exchanged a glance through the car window and both revealed a sinister smile. Today, they are just there to accompany the team. Given that their skills and the performance of their Mecca girls are not as good as Yuming and Yings, their main task is to train and familiarize themselves with the track so that they can come back to win the championship points of this city car king competition in the future. Therefore, they don't care about today's results. All they have to do is coax their respective Mecca girls when they get back. The Northern Wolves usually have a good reputation, especially for not bullying amateur racers and for being lenient with smaller clubs. When dealing with large clubs, everyone gets along peacefully as long as the other party doesn't cause trouble. But today, just now, they heard from Captain Leini about the dirty tricks the night voice youth training team did to Su Chin and Chingming. Then I'm sorry, master. 200 m ahead, three consecutive hairpin bends, curves of level three. Upon hearing the Mecca girl report the route map, Li Xi Yuan's smile grew even more ferocious, even tinged with excitement. What do you mean, La Fong? Should we take them down? Vonping's response immediately came through the walkie-talkie. Do it. Do it to the hell. Let's carve out a track for them. Let's find a chance to overtake at the hairpin bend ahead or our results will be ruined. The two players from the Night Voice youth training team are still discussing counter measures. Can we do it? We don't seem to be much faster than them. How will we know if we don't try? Trust the club. Trust the performance of our Mecca girls. The two hit it off immediately. They didn't realize what would happen next. After all, in their minds, it was already quite unexpected that the northern wolves would intervene. This convoy is known for its spirit of unity, much like a pack of wolves in the far north. These northern wolves have a good reputation, so they probably won't resort to any underhanded tactics on the track. Break, change lanes, enter the curve. Everything proceeded as they had anticipated. The Northern Wolves players did not continue to intercept them. It seems to give them a chance to compete on the curves. Thank goodness. This is exactly how it should be. I told you they had a good reputation, didn't I? But since that's the case, they'll pay the price for their arrogance. The seriousness on the faces of the two youth training team players ease slightly until the moment it wobbles into the apex of the bend. Squeak. Two screeching break screech followed. The riders from Northern Wolf T2 suddenly slowed down just as their Mecca girls were exiting the turn and had not yet straightened out. Two silver gray cars rudely stuck to it. They could only watch helplessly as the impact occurred. Bang. Chapter 98. An opportunity to surpass Suché. Ladies and gentlemen, it is with great regret that we announce that both of the Night Voice Youth team riders were forced off the track during the triple hairpin turn on track at number 317. The roast goose guy sighed as he looked at the tragic scene on the big screen. That's how racing is. It's always accompanied by danger and all sorts of accidents. But the Night Voice youth training team still has two drivers, so it's up to them now. He handed the microphone to MacArthur. Mr. from MacArthur. There's something I don't understand. The black voice used training team skills and Mecha Girl performance must be top-notch. So why were they so easily squeezed out of the race? Old Mai's lips twitched slightly as he glanced sideways at Roast Goosebro. I wonder what grudge the voice of the knight has against you. Is it really necessary to repeatedly desecrate a corpse like this? But none of this concerns him. He took the microphone and tried to explain in a way that the audience could understand. It's actually very simple. The two northern wolves have just finished turning and straightening out and the Mecca girls vehicle is in a stable state. However, the trainee from the Night Voice Youth training team were still in the process of straightening out of a turn and their Mecca girls vehicles were unstable. It's like a piece of ice on the verge of collapse. Even a single snowflake falling could cause the entire ice to crumble instantly. So, even if the Northern Wolves players only touched them slightly, they still couldn't avoid losing control and crashing. MacArthur picked up his teacup, took a sip, and remarked, "He's a professional driver after all. To be able to strike at the moment when a traininee is straightening out of a corner shows his extensive experience." So, never underestimate any professional player. When they do make a move, it's astonishing. Brother Rose Goose, a contestant, is almost at the South Island guillotine. The cameraman's reminder brought the Rose Goose man back to his senses from gloating so fast. Brother Rose Goose put down the microphone and quickly called to the camera crew to get to work. Come on, stop filming those useless players from the night voice training team. Quickly turn the camera to the track 476 combination. The combination of turn number 476 in the City Car King Championship. The seab breeze howled. The jagged mountain walls tightly grip the narrow valley entrance, making the three hairpin bends extremely dangerous. The track abruptly ends at the top of a steep slope, transforming into a breathtaking jump. Below the diving platform are jagged reefs and roaring dark blue waves. Immediately following is a sharp right bend clinging to the edge of the cliff. The rough guardrail is covered with new and old scratches like a scarred warning line. Beyond the guardrail, there are only dazzling cliffs and soaring seagulls. This is a highly challenging and dangerous track consisting of three consecutive hairpin bends, steep slope jumps, and a sharp right turn off the cliff. The low guardrails at the cliff bend have been severely deformed from the impacts. They seem to offer little protection and are more like a silent warning. Although this track is not located at the end of the championship course, but rather in the last twothirds of the stage. But whether it's the host, analysts, audience, or contestants, everyone understands that once they get past the South Island guillotine, the final rankings of this competition can basically be determined because the track beyond the guillotine is completely flat. like a reward bestowed upon the warriors who have passed the guillotine. The track is not only wide but also has no more particularly sharp curves. From the guillotine to the finish line, it is all flat road track where drivers and Mecca girls can simply enjoy the pure pleasure of driving. And now the South Island guillotine is welcoming its first challenger of the day. Dear viewers, this is the scene of the city car king competition. The footage we are now capturing from our drone shows the most difficult stage of this competition, the South Island guillotine. Viewers who are familiar with the South Island circuit will already know about this combination of tracks, so I won't go into too much detail. All you need to know is that this track would be an absolute challenge even in a provincial level race. Boom. The screeching of an engine came from afar, growing louder as it approached from the big screen. Brother Rose Scooz's eyes lit up and he pretended not to know anything and shouted passionately, "Here he comes, our first challenger today. Who will it be?" Everyone craned an X, staring intently at the end of the track on the big screen. As the roar of engines drew ever closer, a Mecca girl with a pure white and blue car body and dark feather patterns appeared in our field of vision. Roast goose bros exaggerated roar followed. Goose didn't do anything. audience. Unbelievable. The ones in first place right now are our number 57, Suche and Fongi. They were the sixth group to depart. They'd actually surpassed the previous five groups of contestants. Is this what a professional racer is like? Absolutely terrifying. While howling, Brother Roast Goose was silently calculating in his mind. The Shinguan Club, which is promoting benching, deserves a raise. However, Suche and Fongi were not the only ones to stand out as another engine sound followed closely behind. It was a Mecca girl with a pink car cover and heart-shaped cartoon patterns on it. On this tense racetrack, such a car cover seems a little too cute. The visitors were Huang Xiun and his Mecca girl, Chuan Yun. This overly cute car cover was the one he bought for Chuin. It's a dualpurpose design for both racing and everyday use. In her Mecca girl form, she wears a pink and white made dress adorned with lace and ribbons, which is quite adorable. Although the car cover is cute, the atmosphere inside the cockpit is not. It was even somewhat somber. Juan Shushuan stared intently at the tail lights of Fingha's car ahead, sweat beating on his forehead. They chased each other all the way, but in the end, he was completely overtaken by Suche and Funhi, and it seemed that he would never be able to turn things around. Master, three consecutive hairpin turns after 500 m, followed by a jump and a sharp right turn upon landing. Chuan Yans voice reporting the route rang in Hang Mas ears. His eyes suddenly lit up. I hadn't noticed it before the race, but now it suddenly dawned on me that this combination track is the one Such Chan explained half a month ago. He even took notes to study it later. Although Winterbear's question was about how to deal with tire problems on this track, but Such Chen's answer not only included how to deal with unexpected events, but also how to pass through this section of the track more safely, quickly, and smoothly. After studying it that night, he had to admit that Such Chen's interpretation of the track was very professional. So professional that he thought Such Chin was a veteran professional racer who had been racing for many years. And Sue Shay and Fong he in front. Will anyone provide them with such a professional interpretation? Use fine adjustments to the accelerator and intermittent braking to mitigate the vehicle's imbalance caused by the impact. Without a doubt, Suchan's plan was unconventional. Could the coaches of those clubs come up with such an ingenious plan? In a flash, Juan Shiruin suddenly realized perhaps the opportunity to surpass Suché and Fong He has arrived. Chapter 99. A mastermind behind the scenes. South Island Guillotine stage. Seagulls soared against the fierce wind, their tiny eyes reflecting the enormous airships in the sky. Meanwhile, the airship emitted a buzzing sound from its speakers. The race conditions were tense and the commentator, Roast Goose Bro, spoke rapidly. Fingha, who is in the lead, was the first to cut into the first hairpin bend. Such's maneuver was very precise, and the front of Fingha's car was almost touching the inner guard rail of the bend. As expected of a professional driver, his fundamentals are quite solid. However, Huang Shiruan and Chuan Yun were not to be outdone. They followed closely behind Fong Hi, their routes almost identical, making it difficult for Fong Hi to shake them off. With engines roaring, the two Mecca girls continued to navigate the second and third hairpin bands with crisp, clean movements. Steep slope jump, the roast goose guy shouted. The most thrilling part is coming. On the large screen, the camera focused on the crane. The front of the car suddenly rose up, shooting up to the top of the platform like an arrow released from a bow. Briefly taking off into the air, the car shook violently upon landing. Despite Suché's best efforts to control it, the enormous impact still caused the rear of the Fingha vehicle to sway slightly, almost imperceptibly. The tires screeched on the road surface, and the vehicle's recovery was somewhat slow. It was this moment of instability that was keenly observed by Huang Sukun, who was right behind him. Such and Fong His jumps were very professional, but they could have done even better. The difference lies in fine-tuning. A fantastic jump. Such execution had a few flaws. Let's move on to Huang Shiruin. Cheers erupted from the audience, mostly from girls in support of Such and Funhi. As brother Rose was speaking, Hang Shiruin had already driven the cloud-piercing rush onto the jumping platform and soared into the air. "Now pierce the clouds!" Huang Shushuin roared, his eyes gleaming with confidence and determination. He abandoned the approach of pursuing ultimate smoothness, but with a significant impact on the ground. In the instant before the jump, he made extremely subtle adjustments to the vehicle's attitude, allowing it to glide over the top of the platform with a smaller angle of attack and a smoother motion. The pink car covering figure leaped lightly out and landed. Boom. The impact was as small as expected, and just as Suchin said, the vehicle's posture remained exceptionally stable. The vehicle's four tires gripped the ground firmly at the same time with almost no extra shaking. The instant he landed, with less than a second to react, Huan Shushuan didn't hesitate and followed Such Chens instructions exactly, he slammed on the accelerator with his right foot. The engine roared to life, propelling the car forward with a powerful thud, and then almost simultaneously with releasing the accelerator, he precisely applied the brakes with his left foot. The timing of that acceleration and braking was quite clever. The front of the car dipped sharply as it pierced the clouds, giving the front wheels a stronger grip. The car then returned to its upright position with incredible speed and stability after landing. Meanwhile, Suche and Fongi, who had just landed and were still struggling to stabilize their vehicles, were inevitably slower than Shuan. Huang Shushuan executed a smoother jump than Suche, and even his landing and recovery were more perfect. Rose Goose Bro's voice gradually rose. Could it be that we're about to face two dark horse contestants in this competition? After the jump, the sharp right bend of the cliff came into view. Without pausing for a moment, Juan Shushuan suddenly turned the steering wheel to the right. Squeak. The spinning tires left trails of pale smoke on the track. Chuan, like a pink lightning bolt, used the speed and posture advantage gained in that instant to hug the inside of the track and precisely wed into the fleeting gap on the right side of Suche and Fong Hi's car. Chance, the perfect time to overtake. The moment the two cars drove side by side, Huang Shushuan and Suchi's eyes met through the car windows. Huang Shushuan stared at Suche, the professional player, with surprise in his eyes. Oh, are you surprised? This only uses Such Chen's theory. Juan Xiun withdrew his gaze. He was calm and had nothing to be proud of because his handling wasn't perfect. If Suchin had done it, this guy would definitely have done a better job, right? Although, I don't want to admit it. Hang Shiruan muttered to himself. Although that guy isn't very nice to his Mecca girls, he really is a terrifying monster. Inside the cockpit of the wind crane, Suche was already numb. As he watched the cloud pierce that was about to overtake him, he vaguely felt that the pink Mecca girl was gradually merging with a dazzling white Mecca girl. Huang Shushuan and Chuan were names I'd never heard of before, but they relentlessly pursued him throughout the match like a persistent ghost. What he couldn't understand even more was how this unknown amateur driver could perform maneuvers more steadily and quickly on the terrifyingly difficult combination track of the South Island guillotine and continue to overtake others. This is not scientific. Did he learn his skills from dogs when he was young? Or is it that his understanding of the track is not professional enough? That doesn't mean you're behind an amateur driver. Boom. Amidst an even louder roar of the engine, the pink shadowy figure overtook the cyan whiteclad wind crane at the apex of the sharp right bend on the cliff. The car piercing through the clouds drew a perfect arc, hugging the battered guardrail and rushed out of the most deadly area of the South Island guillotine, leaving Such and Fong behind. Juan Sheruin and the cloudpiercer overtook each other on the cliff bend after the jump. Brother Roast Goose knelt on the ground, his face flushed and roared angrily. In terms of visual appeal, the South Island guillotine and the cliffhugging corners are definitely incomparable. The problem is that there are two players fiercely competing here. He shouted so enthusiastically. The boss must give him a big raise after hosting the event today on the track. Such stared intently at the tail lights of Chuan, his heart unable to calm down for a long time. Only one thought remained in his mind. That move he just made was definitely not a professional move taught at the club. It is a newer and more advanced operating method. He recalled the sounds of braking and acceleration from behind. Were they simultaneously mitigating the impact by pressing the accelerator and applying the brakes intermittently? These technologies were definitely not developed by Huang Shiruan himself because Huang Shiruins performance on all previous tracks was only at the level of an average professional driver. The various decisions were all conventional and unremarkable, but it just so happens to be here. Such narrowed his eyes. He was certain there must be a mastermind behind Huang Shushuin. Who could that person be? Chapter 100. He's here. He's here. Such had no idea who the powerful figures behind Hang Mao and Chuan Yun were. All he knew was that he was doomed. He couldn't beat a single amateur driver in the City Car Racing Championship. What will his brother's expression be when he gets back? And how will he deal with him? Just thinking about it sends chills down my spine. Such's face gradually turned pale and his hands gripping the steering wheel trembled slightly. He wasn't afraid of being scolded. He was afraid that Suin would do something bad to Funghi. Shiao Shay, don't be afraid. Suddenly, a soft, warm hand grasped his hand. That hand was smooth and fair and had gently stroked his cheek countless times. Such looked up and saw Fongi turning back to look at him, her gaze gentle. No matter what happens, I will be by your side. No matter the outcome, let's do our best in this match. Such nicknamed Wind Crane, felt a lump in his throat and his eyes reened. He was actually able to sign a spiritual contract with Fingha. But he was after all a member of the Star Crown Club. Even if Fingha is forcibly bound to himself, as long as Sulin doesn't allow Fingha to play, Fingha cannot play. Not just because Fingha has already signed a contract with the club. Furthermore, as the president of the Star Crown club, Sulin has the authority to decide on the team composition and the Mecca girls to be deployed. The reason he didn't sign a spiritual contract with Fingha was because he was afraid of delaying Fingha. Once Sulin permanently discontinues Funghs use, Fong he can leave the club. But if Fingha signs a spiritual contract with him, she will be bound to him for life. His selfishness was satisfied. But what about Fingha? If a fully functional racetrack girl loses the right to compete, she will become depressed and her life will be worse than that of a walking corpse. I understand, wind crane. He grasping his hand in return, his gaze on the track hardening once more. I will run this race seriously regardless of whether I can reach my goal. He used to consider Sulin as his role model. But this time, for the first time, he had the idea of leaving Star Crown Club. Not everyone is born with extraordinary talent, nor can anyone achieve a certain level of success through hard work. If all else fails, you might as well let it go, perhaps. Is that actually a more brilliant path? Let's leave aside Such's sudden enlightenment for now. The match is still ongoing and brother Roast Goose fully demonstrated his potential to be a jinx. Contestant number seven is from the beautiful city of Chuan and he's from my hometown too. He achieved very good results in the Chuan City Championship and I believe he will definitely be able to pass the South Island Guillotine. Before the words were even finished, the Mecca girl drew a graceful arc in front of the jump platform then plunged straight down the cliff. The entire audience fell silent for a moment. MacArthur looked at the roast goose man with the eyes of someone looking at death. Roast goose bro paused, then said expressionlessly, "He he, it's a pity." Um, contestant number seven and his mecha girl have fallen off the cliff. But it's not a big problem. Our rescue and logistics teams have already been dispatched. Contestant number 21 is the third group to start, and he's already overtaken. He's really good. That road isn't the racetrack. You can't take a detour. Damn it. MacArthur sighed and rubbed his forehead when he saw this. It turns out that contestant number 21 is from Yinching, just like him, and he's quite looking forward to seeing how the other performs. After navigating the three herpin bends, the athlete hesitated for a long time before the steep high-flying slope, then crashed through the guardrail and chose to take a detour. Some competitions allowed this kind of freedom of choice. However, in the city championship race, drivers must follow the route specified by the organizers. The final result for contestant number 21 was naturally that his her score was invalidated. After the consecutive herpin bends, driver number 13 actually slowed down. Is this some new jump strategy? Let's wait and see. Did this guy just turn around and he even gave us the middle finger? Before the jump ramp, contestant number 13, a blond-haired, blue-eyed European, stepped out of the Mecca Girls cockpit, roaring and flashing international friendliness gestures at the camera. It was clear that the monstrous combination of the South Island guillotine track had him utterly devastated. He was so angry that he gave the middle finger to the opposing team. But brother Rose doesn't care about any of that. If he can't get past it, he just has to keep practicing. He turned and roared fiercely at the referee team. Are you all blind? Can't you see this idiot giving me the middle finger? Get him off the field and suspend him for 3 years. Let this athlete go back and train hard for 3 years. We will definitely be able to get through the South Island guillotine in 3 years. A bunch of useless trash, huh? Roast Goose Bro said tired, leaning back in his chair, wiping his sweat and drinking water. I just commentated on more than 10 players except for Su Shay and Huang Shushuin who passed smoothly. Of the other contestants, only three made it through the South Island guillotine. One of them crashed into the guardrail on a sharp bend in the cliff and almost fell off. The performances of these contestants were all mediocre. None of them produced any decent footage, which dampened his enthusiasm. You can't just stand there and yell at the top of your lungs. To create a lively atmosphere, you need a catalyst, right? It's like having a northeastern girl and a national school beauty lying in bed. Which one is more likely to create an atmosphere? MacArthur was even more idle than Rose Goose, bro. And had already taken out a bucket of black elephant instant noodles and started slurping them down. Brother Rose Goose, hurry. Su Chun and Shing Mang are about to reach the South Island guillotine. The staff member's voice came through and brother Roast Goose shuddered. Suddenly, the backachche and leg pain disappeared and with a flash, she pushed aside the cameraman who was taking over and regained control of the microphone. He must personally explain Su Chun and Shing Mangs performance at the South Island Guillotine. MacArthur put down his instant noodles and sat properly in front of the camera with a professional smile. The roar of engines grew louder as it approached. It was an engine sound that was distinctly different from other Mecca girls, deep and rhythmic, like a symphony, meticulously conducted by a musician. They're here. Rose Goosebro gripped the microphone tightly. Just from the sound of the robot girls engine, he knew it was Such Chin and Shing Ming. Ladies and gentlemen, our contestant number 74 has arrived. He braves the wind and sunshine, gripping the steering wheel and pressing the accelerator. Rose Goose Bro's cultural influence is limited. But fortunately, Star Dream has already appeared on the big screen track. As noon approached, the Star Dream white car body shown with a soft golden luster under the sunlight. Sparkling starlight spilled from the spinning tires onto the track. This time, the drone got very close, providing a close-up shot of Star Dream. This also allows the audience to see Shing Ming's condition more clearly. Not only could Suchin be seen in the cockpit, but the heart-to-heart contract pattern on the rear of the Star Dream car resembling a constellation was also clearly visible. This is the first stage of synchronous frequency. Roast Goose Bro's eyes widened. Previously, the drone's camera lens was quite far away. He didn't even notice that Ching Ming, the Mecca girl, had already entered the first stage of frequency synchronization, which requires a temporary 60% frequency synchronization. Whether it's cornering close to the tunnel wall or maintaining the same speed throughout a single stage, these are extremely rare occurrences in the City Car King competition. But such a rare situation actually happened to both Such Jun and Shing Mang at the same time. Brother Roast Goose had a premonition. If he broadcasts this match well today, the day he gets a promotion, a raise, and buys a penguin themed mecha girl won't be far off. Chapter 101. Showing off part two. Once a Mecca girl reaches the first stage of resonance, she will exhibit more obvious characteristics. The most noticeable feature is the subtle glow emanating from the car body. Secondly, there are the wheels. Stardust will be ejected from the high-speed spinning wheels and scattered onto the track. These stardust fragments don't last forever, but the trails they leave can be seen at night, and they usually last for more than half an hour. Not only has it entered the first stage of synchronization, it is also a Mecca girl with a mental contract. MacArthur picked up his teacup and calmly took a sip. It's good to be young. A memory surfaced in his eyes. Catgirl specialized Mecca girls like Hashino were never going to have great performance from the moment they were born. Even so, Such Chin still guided her step by step to grow, transforming her from an inconspicuous ugly duckling into a beautiful swan. The effort and energy he put in deserved a spiritual contract with Shing Ming. Therefore, it is not so surprising that we can enter the first stage of synchronous state at this moment. Such Chin and Shing Mang were definitely on the same wavelength. In addition, Such Chin used tunnel wall hugging stunts. These highly exciting stunts not only get the audience excited, but the Mecca girl herself is naturally the most excited. Once the Mecca girl gets excited, how can the frequency of the same frequency not rise sharply? But he narrowed his eyes. Such Chin and Shing Ming are moving very fast now at the speed trap ahead of the South Island Guillotine. Shing Mings instantaneous speed is 260 km per hour, but Such Chin shows no sign of slowing down. What do you want to do? The difficulty of the South Island guillotine lies not in navigating the three consecutive hairpin bends at the beginning. Instead, it was a high jump after a three herpin bend. If the speed is not reduced, the vehicle will jump a greater distance. But it also means that there will be less room for error to correct itself after landing. The faster the car goes, the more dangerous it becomes. If there is any mistake in the details, Shingman could crash into the cliff railing. However, this wasn't the first time Suchin had been so radical. You can tell he's a daring guy just by the way he chose to hug the tunnel wall when he went around the bend. For this reason, MacArthur chose to wait and see, lest he say something that would be proven wrong later. Amid cheers from the audience, the star dream, radiating a dazzling white glow, seemed to have truly transformed into a white phantom, approaching the first hairpin bend at an astonishing speed. Unlike the other competitors, Suchin did not slow down significantly beforehand. Instead, it maintained high speed until it was only 30 m from the apex of the bend. Oh no, it's going to crash. Someone in the audience exclaimed. It's just a pity that Suchin today is no longer the Suchin of the City Championship. No one understands the true value of mastering drift level two. Only he himself does. The so-called drift mastery is not just about increasing the turning speed of the Mecca girl in terms of data. This effect is achieved through more meticulous operation. This skill was something he had honed through countless trials and tribulations in the heart of God's space. That's real solid technology. Even if the heart of God disappears one day, he will still possess this technology. Let's do some trailb breakaking on the first bend. Suchin said with a slight smile. Master, what's that? Shing heard Suchin muttering something, but unfortunately her grades were really bad. In particular, they are completely unfamiliar with some technical terms. Many drivers know how to apply the brakes, but they find it difficult to use this maneuver perfectly at high speeds. Suchin spoke as he stepped on the brakes. It's not about slamming on the brakes all at once. But rather, as the car approaches the apex of the corner, the right foot gradually, continuously, and precisely reduces the pressure on the brake pedal from 100% to 80% to 60% to 40% and then to 20%. This process sounds like it's going to be very slow, but the time it takes for Shing to reach the heart of the bend is only a fraction of a second. Precise completion of trail breaking relies not on the brain's calculations but on muscle memory developed through constant training within the heart. Throughout the process, the curve of braking force change perfectly match the law of tire adhesion decay. When the vehicle's center of gravity shifts forward due to braking, the front wheels gain more downforce. So, Suchin increases the braking force. When the vehicle begins to steer and the lateral g-force increases, he reduces the braking force, distributing more of the tires grip to the steering. Such steady braking, MacArthur exclaimed, his eyes wide. His eyes are machines, but he's been a track analyst for so many years. A pilot's skill can be seen from the state the Mecca girl displays. Roast Goose Bro was completely bewildered. He couldn't see anything, but he thought Such Chen's actions were incredibly smooth. Mr. MacArthur stopped just sighing and explained it to the audience, too. He then poked the microphone into MacArthur's cheek. Ahem, it's very simple. From the close-up shot, the Star Dreams body leans forward under the huge deceleration Gforce, but the center of gravity transfer is controlled just right. There was no unstable swaying at the rear of the vehicle, which means that the load distribution to the four tires remained optimal throughout. MacArthur paused for a moment, then continued. If my guess is correct, Suchin is using trailbreaking technology. I just can't imagine that he would dare to use it like that with such a short reaction time. This only shows that Suchin has developed terrifying muscle memory, allowing him to not need to think at all and simply follow his instincts. As they were talking, Such Chin had already driven the Star Dream through the first hairpin bend. The Star Dreams body drew a beautiful arc in the curve with the front of the car almost completely pressed against the inner railing. Upon seeing this, MacArthur's pupils contracted, and he couldn't help but exclaim, "Perfect late apex route selection." Drivers typically choose to touch the inside apex near the center of the corner. However, Suchin postponed the apex to the last third of the curve. This type of line requires later braking and more precise control, but its advantage is that it allows for earlier acceleration out of the corner. It is precisely because of this choice that the drift arc of the Star Dream is very smooth without any sense of hesitation. Such Chen's cornering technique is incredibly skillful. He's improved significantly since the City Championships. MacArthur found it hard to understand what enabled a driver to make such a huge improvement in cornering technique in just half a month. Is there really such a thing as a prodigy in this world who can learn anything instantly? Unfortunately, Suchin couldn't hear MacArthur's analysis. Otherwise, he would definitely have given MacArthur a thumbs up. However, MacArthur was only an observer and there were many details that only Such Chen knew but could not see. For example, when Star Dream glides past the apex of a corner, he immediately started pressing the accelerator. This throttle output is similar to the operation of trail braking. It's not about applying a huge amount of pressure all at once, but rather applying the accelerator in a mathematically precise, gradual manner. Every slight increase in pressure corresponds to the degree to which the Star Dreams grip is restored, ensuring that the tires always operate at the edge of their grip limit without slipping. Star Dream raced over the speed trap at the first hairpin bend. The roast goose guy's passionate roar followed immediately. Such Chin and Shing Ming were 12 km faster, exiting the first hairpin turn at the South Island Guillotine. The second and third hairpin bends. Suchin typically uses center of gravity drift. When switching from a left turn to a right turn, he will lightly apply the brakes the instant the steering wheel returns to center, allowing the car's center of gravity to quickly return to the central position and then immediately lightly press the accelerator to shift the center of gravity to the new steering direction. The whole process was as smooth as flowing water. The Star Dreams body posture was always kept in optimal condition. steep slope jump. The main event is here. There were so many amazing plays, but there was simply no time to provide commentary. MacArthur stared intently at the screen, holding his breath. With such a fast exit speed, how should Such Chan handle the steep ramp that is right in front of him? It wasn't just MacArthur who wanted to know. The drivers in the stands and the coaches from various clubs all wanted to know. If they faced a steep ramp at this speed, unless the Mecca girls were top tier Mecca girls, they couldn't imagine what good would come of it. 200 m, 100 m, 50 m. The frantically charging star dream finally made a move. Her vehicle swayed slightly in a very strange manner. What's going on? The roast goose guy asked, his mouth a guppy. Inside the Star Dream cockpit, Such Chin lightly applied the brakes, causing Shings front suspension to compress slightly and then immediately release them, allowing the suspension to spring back. Then tap again lightly and then release. Suspension loading technology. This technology is based on a simple physical principle. The elastic properties of the suspension system determine the vehicle's posture when it is airborne. By precisely controlling the compression state of the suspension at the moment of takeoff, the pitch angle of the vehicle in the air can be preset. For ordinary drivers, this is a special technical maneuver that requires a long time to learn. But for Suchin, as a chief modification engineer, he deals with suspension all day long. Who knows how many hangers he's trained? For him, what it feels like to be suspended in the Star Dream, and how to adjust it during a jump is as simple as breathing. It wasn't useful during the city championship because the Star Dreams speed at that time didn't require these preparations. At this moment, no one can see what he is doing in the cockpit. Even the many drivers and coaches in the audience couldn't understand what Such Chin was doing. Is he trying to slow down? There are cliffs on both sides. Slowing down would be suicide. You were driving so fast coming out of the corner and now you're trying to control your speed. Too late. Even if you could jump over it, you still wouldn't be able to get past the sharp right bend behind the cliff. Just then, MacArthur, who had been silent all along, suddenly slapped his thigh. I understand. He's adjusting the suspension's pre-ompression. The moment he reached this conclusion, he was so shocked that his lips trembled. By controlling the initial compression of the suspension, we can optimize the vehicle's posture during jumps. This is outrageous. Absolutely outrageous. Such Chin is just showing off recklessly. Chapter 102. In the end, he was still too incompetent. Suchin wasn't showing off at all. For him, these are just routine operations which only make him slightly better than the average professional driver. The question that Winterbear raised at the time was very similar to the track combination of the South Island Guillotine. When he explained similar tracks to the Northern Wolf T2, he didn't mention this suspension preload technology. It wasn't that he was deliberately hiding something. It was mainly because this operation was quite dangerous and only needed to be performed at higher speeds. If someone gets into trouble after I teach them, will they blame me? Therefore, his answer is a textbook style answer and easy to understand for him. The current action is the optimal solution. The South Island guillotine jump is short in distance and deep in height, which is the most difficult part. The short jump distance means that the Mecca girl's speed won't drop much. A higher jump height means the Mecca girl will experience a stronger impact upon landing, making it more difficult for the pilot to write herself. And in situations involving high speed, loss of control, and difficulty in returning to center, there is also a sharp right turn at the edge of a cliff. This series of difficulties left inexperienced drivers completely at a loss as to how to handle them. Even experienced drivers dare not go all out. But he dared to act freely. The engine roared and the track disappeared from view with only the horizon where the sea met the blue sky. Suchin drove the Star Dream onto the ramp. Just as the wheels were about to leave the ground, he lightly applied the brakes, causing the front of the Star Dream car to dip slightly. And when the rear wheels are off the ground, lightly press the accelerator to lift the rear of the car up. This seemingly insignificant adjustment allows Star Dream to take off at the optimal angle of elevation. Yay! We're taking off. Meow! Shing Mming cheered as the four wheels soared into the air. Unfortunately, the nature of the South Island guillotine prevented her from soaring forward freely. Before Shing landed, Suchin adjusted the steering wheel in advance to compensate for the anticipated impact and deviation. Her car body traced a smooth arc in the air before landing with a thud. The moment he landed, Such Chin was still operating the controls. Apply the brake slightly and the front suspension will quickly compress to its working position using the braking force of the front wheels. At the same time, apply a slight throttle to give the rear wheels of the Star Dream a boost immediately. Unlike other riders who land on their front or rear wheels first, Shing lands on almost all four wheels simultaneously with only slight deviations. These detailed maneuvers allowed Shing Ming to stabilize its posture and prepare for acceleration upon landing, leaving little time for delay. Feel the sudden jolt of the star dream car. Suchin sighed inwardly. In the end, he was still too incompetent. He envisioned pushing the technology to its limits so that after the car jumped, it would almost feel like it was glued to the opposite ramp with the car only experiencing the impact from the height difference. Apart from that, the impact in other aspects was minimal. His performance was passable, but there's still room for improvement. However, the shortcomings he pointed out left the entire audience and judges seats and all. Beautiful. MacArthur clenched his fist, snatched the microphone from roast goose bro, and roared. A brilliant jump. The handling of the vehicle's angle of attack during the airborne phase was absolutely perfect. A smaller pitch angle means a shorter fight time, a more stable landing attitude, and less speed loss. Suchin is a true genius. He was ready to have the director record a replay. He was brought out immediately after Such Chan and Shing Ming passed through the South Island Guillotine. The speed of Star Dream is too fast, and there are too many wonderful details to keep up with, and there's no time to explain them all. Click. The Star Dream four-wheeler rolled over the speed measuring strip behind the jump platform. A chilling number appeared on the electronic screen. 243 kmh. The landing speed loss is less than 5 kmh. MacArthur was so excited that his face turned red and he elbowed the roast goose guy next to him who was trying to grab the microphone. Dear viewers, if I remember correctly, when Shing went up the jump platform, her speed was 247 km per hour. However, she only lost 4 km of speed after her jump, while the current top performers, Huang Sukun and the Cloudpiercer, lost the full 11 km of speed. An uproar erupted in the audience. Fans with the voice of the night had already written Suchin and Shing Mings names on the back of their support signs and held them up again. On the track after the jump, a sharp right turn after the cliff comes charging towards you. Such Chin was on edge in such high-speed high angle corners. While traditional grip cornering is safe, it is not the fastest option. Precise drift control allows for better corner exit acceleration while maintaining higher corner entry speed. 100 m, 50 m, 30 m. Here it comes. Suchen's gaze was fixed on the bend, and even with the cliff right in front of him, his eyes did not waver in the slightest. With a light touch of the brakes, the Star Dreams center of gravity shifts forward, creating an opportunity for the rear wheels to break free of traction. Turn the steering wheel quickly to the right, and the front wheels begin to generate lateral force. The moment Shiming turned, Suchin slammed his right foot on the accelerator. Whoosh dash. The roar of the engine echoed along the bay. Boom! Dash! The rear wheels of the Star Dream lost traction instantly due to the sudden burst of power, and Stardust flew around the wildly spinning rims. The rear of her car began to slide outwards in an absolutely pleasing arc. The rear of Shings car was almost touching the guardrails that had been smashed and twisted. However, just as they slid out of the curve, the last guardrail was severely deformed. One of the protruding railings slammed hard against the rear of Shing Mings car. Ouch. Shing Ming clutched her bottom, her little mouth pouting as she cried, "It hurts me out." Suchin was stunned for a moment, then quickly reached out to rub Shings skin. His actions just now were correct. I just didn't expect there to be a metal railing leaning into the track. This competition organizers must make a lot of money every year, right? Suchin grumbled. They didn't even bother to improve the track. Look what they did to my shiming. What if her butt is ruined? Are they going to take responsibility? I don't want them to take responsibility. With Such Chen's comforting words and massage, Shing Ming was much better. But she pouted and said, "Master is enough to take care of Shing Mings bottom." Meow dash. The rest is simple. Straighten out of the curve. When Shings drift angle decreased to less than 5°, Suchin floored the accelerator and simultaneously turned the steering wheel back. Smack. The Star Dreams rear wheels gripped the ground again, and the car broke free from its drift. The powerful traction propelled her straight out of the corner. Click. Passing the speed camera again, a data point appeared on the electronic screen. Minus 227 km per hour, Such Chin and Shing Mang climbed steadily in the exit speed rankings at the South Island Guillotine until they overtook Huang Shiruan and Chuan Yan's 198 km per hour, taking the lead with an absolute advantage. At this moment, the entire venue erupted in cheers. Dear viewers, what is a visual feast? This is a visual feast. Thank you, Such Chun, and Shing Ming for the wonderful match. The audience erupted in applause and cheers. MacArthur finally understood why the roast goose guy sometimes shouted so enthusiastically. Perhaps it's not just about getting a promotion and a raise, but sometimes you really can't help it. I think the final rankings for this match are pretty much a foregone conclusion. MacArthur sat back down and under the resentful gaze of roast goose bro picked up a black elephant instant noodle and slurped it down. All he wanted to do now was enjoy the replay of Such Chin and Shing Mangs actions as they passed the South Island Guillotine. He had a premonition. This replay will be watched and studied repeatedly by various clubs. It even eventually became a textbook level video for training pilots and Mecca girls in various clubs. Chapter 103. A Belated Cheer. Average speed 207 km perph. Total time 104 minutes and 18 seconds. Judging from the past results of the City Car King Championship, we are the champions. Without a doubt, Juan Shushuan and Shuan have reached the finish line. Looking at the top ranked final results on the big screen, Huang Mao breathed a sigh of relief. He couldn't help but smile as he looked at who was standing prettily in a pink made outfit beside him, piercing through the clouds. This is the result of our joint efforts. We did it. Even without those medications, we can still be a very strong combination. Chuana nodded and tightened her grip on Huang Shushus small hand. But I'm still a little unwilling. Huan Shushuan scratched his head and said, "The reason we were able to achieve such good results and overtake professional players like Such and Funhi in the end was entirely due to the techniques given by Such Chin. The only thing that really annoys me is this." Chuan Yun remained silent for a while after hearing this. Suddenly, he walked around to Huang Shirshus front, stared into Huang Shushus eyes, and said with a serious face, "Master, there must be some misunderstanding between you and Shings master. He doesn't seem like the kind of person who would mistreat Mecca girls or disregard their feelings because Shing Ming is happy everyday with him. And besides, I heard they've already made a mental pact." "What?" Huang Sheruins eyes widened in disbelief. him and Shing Ming a spiritual contract. Hey, wait a minute. Is Shing Ming really that devoted to him? Aren't you afraid he's a hypocrite? The blonde guy was devastated. Even though he and Schwan had such a good relationship, they still couldn't meet the conditions for a spiritual contract. Suchin coughed like a dog. How could that guy possibly have made a mind contract with Shing? Could it be that he really treats Shing very well? Even if he treated Shing Ming very well, he shouldn't have formed a spiritual contract so quickly. So, Master Chuan Yun wrinkled her nose and you must have misunderstood Shing Mings master. We Mecca girls aren't incapable of distinguishing pilots. The fact that he could sign a spiritual contract suggests that his dream of becoming a star and his master must be highly compatible. Such a high frequency of interaction cannot be obtained simply by being nice to the Mecca girl on the surface. What if Shing Ming was scammed? Huang Mao asked reluctantly. Master, you're just being stubborn and deliberately picking a fight. Chuan Yun pouted, released Huang Shirus hand, and turned her back to him, showing only the back of her head. Master, if you keep doing this, I'm not going to talk to you anymore. Upon hearing this, the blond-haired man immediately surrendered. Hey, no, I was wrong, Chuan Yun. I won't argue anymore. I won't be stubborn. Really? Chuan Yun tilted her head slightly. Really? Really? The blonde guy waved his hand casually. Why would I argue with a loser like him? Even if he's nice to the Mecca girls and signed a mind contract with Shing Ming, he still can't outrun us, can he? As expected, the two of us are the strongest combination. Haha. Chuan Yun looked helpless at his master's arrogant attitude. She had intended to suggest not opening the champagne halfway through the event, but Su Chan and Shing Ming were not as simple as she thought, but saying it like that would be a bit of a downer and a blow to Morell. Besides, she was actually happy inside. With an average speed of 207 km per hour, even professional riders like Suche and Fong Hei were defeated. She really couldn't imagine how she lost today. Her handling of both curves and mountain sections was exceptional. Not to mention that South Island guillotine, even if it's the first time using a new solution. Surprisingly, she and Master worked together seamlessly, executing their maneuvers perfectly. It was also said that it was quite strange that Suché and Funhi as professional racers were not furious at losing to them. Thinking of this, Chuan Yin subconsciously looked towards the seating area at the vehicle collection station. Such was lying on Fong Hi's lap with his eyes closed, seemingly unconcerned about the final result of the competition. They simply nestled together quietly, relaxing their tense nerves and enjoying their time alone after the game. They're also a great pair of pilots and Mecca girls. Chuan Yun smiled slightly. More athletes crossed the finish line one after another. But just like Huang Shiruan and Chuan Yun thought, these contestants results were far behind theirs until a loud cheer came from the stands at the finish line. Which professional cyclist crossed the finish line? Huang Shushuan and Shuana looked confused. Then they saw a white phantom surrounded by twinkling starlight rush into the finish line, followed by a beautiful drift and a steady stop on the finish line platform. The surrounding support girls immediately swarmed over to cool down the girl. Yes, Star Dream. Chuan Yan recognized the Mecca girl, her mouth slightly a gape. Weren't they supposed to start on number 74? How did they get to the finish line so quickly? At this moment, Suchin had already gotten out of the Star Dream cockpit and was showing off a mineral water bottle. Suchin was dying of thirst after not drinking water for over an hour. It wasn't because he lacked patience. It was mainly because the cockpit of the Star Dream was too hot. He was soaked in sweat, losing more water than other drivers every minute he drove. Perhaps this is the little trouble that comes with having a raging storm. Since you've experienced the scorching heat of the flamestorm, you should be prepared to be completely drained. Hearing the cheers, Suchin waved to the audience. The cheers grew even louder, almost turning the finish line upside down. Moss, are these cheers and applause for us? After cooling down, Shing transformed into her Mecca Girl form, still emitting water vapor and smelling of sweet milk candy. This unconsciously reminded Suchin of the milk candyflavored clouds he dreamed about that night. He always felt that the texture wasn't just on the face. It should be even softer and more delicate since clouds don't have a skeletal structure. But it's not good to investigate further now. That's right. But to be precise, these cheers are for you. Suchin smiled. Meow. Mas is teasing me again. I don't even know the final results yet. Despite saying that, Shing Mings eyes still curved into a smile. She hugged Such Chen's arm. Her soft cat ears perked up and her tail wagged happily behind her. Moss was definitely just joking. She's not a big star, so why would anyone cheer for her like that? For her, gaining the approval of Moss alone was more than enough. But as they walked off the starting platform, they followed Suchin through the audience seats all the way to the finish line rest area. Shing Ming heard it and heard it completely. She looked up at the surging waves of people in the stance, the deafening cheers enveloping her like a warm tide. As she listened to her name being called again and again, and watched countless arms waving for her, crystal tears unexpectedly welled up in her large azure eyes then fell like pearls from a broken string onto the racetrack, leaving tiny marks. Suchin noticed Ching Mmings unusual behavior, but he didn't say anything. He knew that Ching Ming wasn't actually sad. This belated, overwhelming applause and cheers had a huge impact on this Mecca girl who had once been ignored or even disliked. The tears welling up in her eyes were not only a joy of victory, but also a consolation and recognition of her long-held, denied value. He doesn't need to say anything, nor does he need any comfort. This moment belongs exclusively to Shing. Wash away the superficiality. The lightboat has already passed 10,000 mountains. By the way, are they definitely in first place? Suchin glanced at the big screen. The average speed was 231 km per hour. This result is a bit poor. There was a typo in yesterday's text. It should have been same frequency, same stage instead of overclocking. It has been corrected. Chapter 103 together at Versailles. It wasn't that Suchin was a Versailles. It was that he genuinely felt he was a bit incompetent. He managed to get such a terrible score on such a great Mecca girl as Shiming. That's absolutely rubbish. Suchin sighed. Suddenly, I heard a howl behind me. Impossible. I don't believe it. He turned his head and saw Huang Shuin, the blond-haired man, staring dumbfounded at the scoreboard. Standing next to him was the Mecca girl Chuan. The young girl's expression was similar with her mouth slightly open and her eyes wide open, clearly showing that she was no less surprised than Hang Shushuan. How did you achieve an average speed of 231 kmh? Do you fly around corners? Huang Shushuan believed that there was nothing wrong with his mind. What does a speed of 231 kmh mean? This means that Such Chin and Shing Mangs cornering speed was above 210 throughout the entire course or even far higher than 210. Is this the cornering speed that a normal B-class Mecca girl can achieve? Even with technological improvements, there shouldn't be this much cornering speed. Huang Shushuin found it hard to understand. He checked Ching Mings performance before the competition and wondered what method Suchin had used. Shings overall performance was indeed better than Chuys, but the difference was very limited. He had considered the possibility that his grades wouldn't be as good as Such Chen and Shing Mangs, but I never imagined the difference would be so huge. The difference in average speed was a full 24 km per hour. Chuan Yun now understands Master's various doubts about Suchin. If she didn't chat with Shing Ming every day and know that Shing Ming was living a happy and carefree life, she would also suspect that Suchin had used some kind of means. Is this a very impressive result? Suchin shrugged inside. If I had another chance, I think I could have achieved a better result. Ultimately, I wasn't familiar enough with the track, and my technique wasn't good enough. Juan Shuan slowly turned his stiff neck, staring at Suchin with a fierce look in his eyes, his fists clenched so tightly they cracked. "You bastard." If it weren't for Chuan holding him back from behind, his highs and lows today, why aren't you holding on to me anymore? Huang Xiun turned around and looked at his own robot girl in surprise. In the past, when this happened, Shuan Yun would always hold him back to prevent him from getting into conflicts with others. This demonstrates his aggressiveness, preventing others from perceiving him as someone to be trifled with. It didn't actually attack anyone, didn't cause any trouble, and wouldn't affect his and Chuan Yians lives. Chuan Yun glanced sideways at Huang Shu Xuin and said calmly, "Master, I just think that sometimes when you go out and cause trouble, it exposes your impulsive and reckless shortcomings." "It's not necessarily a bad thing if you suffer a little loss. The more you suffer, the more obedient you will become, and I won't have to pull you back every time." Huan Shushuan immediately showed a very sad expression. But when he turned to face Suchin, he had a fierce look on his face. TCH, what's there to be so smug about? You just had an exceptional performance in one game. Can you expect to have an exceptional performance every time? If you perform exceptionally well, then you have to put on a fake expression like, "Oh dear, I didn't perform well." What's the difference between you and those damn academic high achievers who always get first place in their grade and yell about not doing well on every exam? Just wait, Chuan, and I will surpass you. Huang Shuan pulled Chu Yins hand and walked away dejectedly. Chuan Yin secretly turned around, winked at Shing Ming, and gave her an apologetic smile. What's wrong with this guy? Su Chin was inexplicably bombarded with criticism and was speechless. He asked Shing Ming next to him. Does your master look like the kind of person who's very versailike? Versailles? Shing Ming tilted her head. Mas, what's Versailles? It means showing off. I see. Shing Ming nodded emphatically. Master, you're such a showoff. They even use the technique like overtaking by hugging the wall, a skill that even top drivers might not use. They actually think their skills are terrible. Humility is a good thing, but excessive humility is just showing off. She was determined to be an honest machine girl, so she answered whatever Suchin asked. suchin. He swore he really didn't have Versailles. His judgments and evaluations of his own skills are all from the bottom of his heart. However, Huang Xiins attitude was much better this time. At least he didn't call him a scumbag who persecuted Mecca girls anymore. Huang Shushuin didn't go far with Chuan Yan. After all, the rest area at the finish line was only so big, and if they went any further, they would be out of a job. Upon hearing Shings assessment of Suchin, he couldn't help but sneer. Still saying, "You're not pretending?" Even our own robot girls think it's pretentious. Even if Suchin isn't a scumbag who persecutes Mecca girls, he's still a hypocrite with a strong sense of vanity. He, Juan, disdained to associate with such people. The next second, he heard Shing Mings voice drifting from afar. Moss. Even though our current average speed is 24 km per hour faster than the current second place, we still can't let our guard down. A mere 24 km is not enough to give you an absolute lead. Nor is there anything to be proud of. We will continue to work hard and strive to surpass the second place team's average speed of 100 km per hour. Juan Shien. His vision went black and he almost couldn't catch his breath. Suchin looked at Shing Ming who was patting her little head and saying that she was a promising child. He fully believed that Shing Ming was not bewitched by Suchin into signing the spiritual contract with him because these two are birds of a feather like a tracks like they should be locked up together. Shing squinting as she enjoyed Suchin patting her head didn't care about anything else. She is determined to be an honest Mecca girl and she is also determined to stand with Masta through thick and thin. Moss goes east. She will never go west. Most of Versailles, she followed Versailles. The main focus is on complete integration and synchronized action. Such Chin and Shing Mang waited in the rest area without exception. The moment the runners who arrived at the finish line looked at the scoreboard, the joy on their faces would vanish, and they would become expressionless. Those who entered with blank expressions now wore solemn ones. Those with solemn expressions looked completely mournful, as if they wanted to cry, but had no tears. Their achievements are not only far from surpassing Su Chin and Shing Mang, but they would be in serious trouble even if they challenged Huang Shuan and Shuan Yin until the door to the rest area was pushed open with tremendous force. Boom! Yuming led in with an air of indifference, as if he didn't recognize anyone. His gaze swept across the area, first locking on to Huang Shiru and Shuan Yun in front of the rest area. Hey, isn't this big yellow? Why does he look so pale? Did he miss out on the championship? Yuming walked up to Huang Shushuan and pointed his two big nostrils at Huang Shushuan. After he got off the starting platform and learned his results, he went straight to the rest area. Since the electronic screen at the finish line was scrolling, he didn't have the patience to wait and see his and Zhuings rankings. I only asked about Li Yini Such and Huang Shushuins grades. Without a doubt, these two are the two who posed the greatest threat to him in this match. Apart from that, he didn't even take the five members of the Night Voice youth training team seriously. Juan Sheruin and Chuan Yun achieved an average speed of 207 km per hour. Such and Fongi achieved an average speed of 204 kmh. He and Juing were impressive with an average speed of 213 km per hour which was 6 km faster than Hang Shuin and Chuan Yan. As for Such Chin and Shing Ming, he didn't ask. The main reason is that Star Dream won the championship in the city championship by having a lastminute burst of energy. If it were a track with more curves, Star Dream would definitely be no match for Shadowchaser. This is a consensus held by almost everyone. The City Car King Championship has plenty of curves. He didn't ask because he felt that asking about Such Chen's grades would be a bit like deliberately competing and showing off. It's like asking a student who is bound to be number one in the entire grade how they did on the exam. This isn't concern, this is fault-f finding. Yuming looked at Huang Shiruan with a smug expression. He knew that the electronic scoreboard behind him must have already displayed his score. And he and Zhuing must be ranked first above Huang Shiruin and Schwan. Who would dare say that you only knows how to fry fish? He thought Huang Shushuin would break down, but the blonde guy just crossed his legs and snorted a cold laugh. He What are you pretending for? What does the championship have to do with a fish frying dog like you? Chapter 104. A trip to the voice of the night part two. Huh? Yuming was also triumphant, glaring arrogantly at the blond-haired man. What do you mean? I'm not the champion, so who else could the champion be but you? Kim Ji, the captain of the night voice youth training team was also eliminated. Lu Yini didn't say who eliminated him, and he didn't ask either. So apart from Huang Shiruin and Suche, none of the other people whose names you can think of are his match. Huang Sukuns performance this time greatly surprised him. Surprising as it may be, even an exceptional performance cannot surpass his and Juyings. This is the true value of fried fish. Was he really frying fish? Was it him who wanted to fry the fish? Doesn't he have any conscience at all? No. His process of frying fish was painful, self-reroachful, and heartless. He was doing it to improve himself. The results of the competition now speak for themselves. Looking at the confident Yuming, Huang Shiruan seemed to see his own confident self just moments before. He suddenly stopped being angry at Yumings offense and even felt a sense of pity for him, as if they were in the same boat. Are you really the champion? I mean, why don't you turn around and take a good look? Do I still need to look? Yuming sneered. You're not planning to ambush me when I turn around, are you? I heard you're from Chwanching. What if you have that kind of fetish? Juan Shiison's lips twitched slightly. I think he looks like a complete idiot. What did you say? Say it again if you dare. Yuming was furious. This is a personal attack. if he still tolerates it. How is he any different from Xiaoming the sword demon? I'm calling you an idiot. Huang Shushuan stood up and pointed at the scoreboard behind Yum. Ming. You don't even want to turn around and see who the real champion is. But instead, you're yelling and screaming here like a big monkey jumping around. If you're not an idiot, who is? Suching used his tongue to pick up the peeled melon seeds from Shing Mings fingers and nodded secretly. Despite his disagreement with Huang Xien, he now agrees with Hongs views. Yuming was indeed a bit foolish. If this kid were an attack on Titan, he probably wouldn't survive past the second episode. However, considering Yumings hatred for Huang Mao, it's understandable. These two have been arguing for quite some time now. Every time he took Shing to the Northern Wolf Club to report for duty, he would almost always see Yuming and Huang Shushuin exchanging barbs. Fine, I'll look. Yuming deliberately covered his backside with one hand while turning his head to look at the scoreboard, his gaze fixed on the top. Number one, Suchin Shing Mang. Average speed 231 km perph. Race time 93 minutes 27 seconds. Number two, Yuming Chasing Shadow. Average speed 213 kmh. Race time 101 minutes 18 seconds. Yum. Ming. What? An average speed of 231 kmh. Suchin Shing Mang is the champion. Are you kidding me? Yumings voice grew louder and louder. The last character was even distorted and deformed to the point of being somewhat sharp. Was he still participating in the City Car King Championship? An average speed of 231 kmh. That's a record-breaking achievement. Yuming turned to look at Suchin. Seeing Such Chin licking the sunflower seeds in Shing Mangs hand, Shing Mang playfully wiped Su Chen's saliva back onto his face. Can these two really be champions? Last time it was a tire blowout, and he forced his way to the finish line. What's he doing this time? Do you want to stick two wings on a Star Dream car and let it fly in the sky? Yuming was completely baffled and his whole body gradually stiffened. Standing there like a statue, turned the world to silent and listened to the sound of a heartbreaking. He silently found a corner to sit down, hugged his knees, and became withdrawn, ignoring Huan Shushuins mocking and provocative gaze. Shuyings emotions were much more stable than Yoings. Since the results are displayed on the scoreboard, there can't be any problem. She was also very curious about how Shing Ming and Such Chin achieved such excellent results. Fortunately, I added Shing Ming as a friend half a month ago, and the two Mecca girls have become familiar with each other. I can ask her anything directly. Shings phone, which was feeding Suchin sunflower seeds, vibrated. She glanced at the screen, then with lightning speed peeled over 100 sunflower seeds, placed them on a tissue, and handed them to Such Chin. Moss, you eat first. I need to reply to some messages. Okay. Meow. Dash. No. Suchin shook his head repeatedly. I want to eat what you feed me yourself. Okay. Wait a minute. Wait until I reply. No. No. Shing Ming had no choice. Suchin's feelings were definitely the most important. She could only use one hand to feed Suchin while using the other to switch the input method to the nine key to reply to messages. Shing. This is mainly thanks to Master. I didn't really feel anything myself. It was just very enjoyable the whole time. Then Master did this and that, and in the end, we got to this. Zu Ying scratched his head in a bit of a daz. She didn't doubt Shing Mings words. Shing Ming usually seemed a bit absent- minded. Perhaps she really doesn't know why. So, was the main reason for the loss this time that Yumings skills were inferior to Such Chen's? She narrowed her eyes. She and Hosino are both B-class Mecca girls, and if their piloting skills are the same, any differences would be very limited. But the difference between 231 and 213 is already enormous. A huge gap. It's definitely because Yuming is less skilled. Since that's the case, she looked at the withdrawn Yuming beside her with a sinister gaze. Let's just not let Yuming sleep with her for a month. It's often said that if Mecca girls are too lenient with their pilots, the pilots will lose their fighting spirit. Now, it seems that she has been too lenient with Huming and this must be corrected starting today. The outcome of the final competition was also a foregone conclusion. It was given to him and Shing. Before even leaving the arena, Suchin already felt a sense of crisis. It stemmed from his revealing of his retractable tail wing and what seemed like decent technique during the race. His intuition was correct. He was immediately surrounded by a huge crowd as soon as he stepped outside. In that instant, he felt like he was being squeezed into a sardine can. Such Chin, consider our thunderclub. The benefits are absolutely topnotch. Miss Shing, may I ask which master craftsman designed your modification core? We at Chiefing are willing to pay a high price to purchase the technology. Young man, come to Panser. We offer long-term contracts and we guarantee a minimum annual salary of this amount. A chubby agent frantically gestured with his fingers. The flashbulbs went off incessantly, and the microphones were practically shoved in Su Jin and Shing Mings faces. Shing Ming clung tightly to Such Chen's arm, burying her face in the crook of his shoulder. The soft cat ears were pressed tightly against the scalp with only half an eye showing as it wearily looked around. She really disliked the feeling of being surrounded. It was too noisy. Moreover, the gazes of the people around her were terrifying, as if they wanted to devour her and Masta. While protecting Shing, Suchin tried his best to maintain a kind smile, his mind racing as he thought of a way to escape. "Everyone, everyone." Suchin raised his voice trying to drown out the noise. Ching Ming and I have no plans to join the club for the time being. Thank you all for your support. As for the modification core, he rolled his eyes and made up a story on the spot. One day, I met a down on his luck car modification mechanic. I bought him a meal and he gave it to me. I thought it looked pretty novel, so I installed it. I never expected it to work, let alone run so fast. It was pure luck. Found him. Which street? Where is the beggar? A reporter with sharp eyes and gold rimmed glasses immediately pressed for answers. Uh Such Chun rolled his eyes inwardly but pretended to be serious on the surface. It's on Hi-qing road next to that big trash can near the third block. Shing Ming glanced at Master who looked quite imposing, her eyes crinkling with delight. She knew Master was lying, so she nodded in agreement. Yes, yes, yes, I can vouch for it. Meow, it's right there. Meow. The crowd fell silent for a moment. Hi-Qing, third block. That place does indeed have a famous large garbage transfer station. Many people showed expressions of disbelief or even disgust. However, some shrewd reporters and agents had already squeezed out of the crowd and rushed onto the main street, clearly heading towards Haichi Road. Although there were still many people gathered around, it was no longer as desperate as before. He saw that the Northern Wolves T2 members were all outside the crowd and couldn't help at all. Everyone, the game just ended and were all really tired and need a rest. Seeing that the crowd had thinned out considerably, Such Chin quickly led Shing to squeeze out. However, the remaining people were still unwilling to give up. In particular, several club representatives who insisted on signing him were still relentlessly pushing their generous terms. Such Chen's patience was wearing thin, his brows furrowed deeper and deeper, and he was about to curse. In his previous life, he was a car mechanic who never needed to show his face. He'd never seen anything like this before. Besides, even top topp drivers in his past life didn't receive the celebrity treatment they enjoyed in this world. Just then, his phone suddenly started buzzing. Suchin frown slightly. Who would call him at this time? Not many people even know his phone number. Excuse me, could you please let me pass? Suchin took Shing Mangs hand and led her to a small room inside the arena. The phone screen displayed an unfamiliar number. Press the connect button. A somewhat familiar voice came from inside. It was Jessica's. Mr. Suchin, please come to the voice of the night. What is it? Suchin frowned. Why would you go to the voice of the night if there's nothing important going on? It's probably also for the purpose of modifying the core of his retractable tail wing. Just as Suchin was about to refuse, he heard Jessica sigh on the other end of the phone. It's about Queen. This has nothing to do with Miss Jean Xen. It's just that I personally wanted you to come. If you arrive late, Queen might have to go back to the furnace. Chapter 105. Emergency situation. Queen, back to the drawing board. Such Chen's mind went blank for a moment. Wasn't Queen staying peacefully in your night voice? Why the sudden need to go back to the furnace? It's a long story, but you should hurry up and come over. There was a lot of noise coming from the other end of the phone, like a meeting was going on. Someone was talking loudly, but the speech was too fast and unclear. Before Suchin could hear clearly, Jessica lowered her voice and said, "I can't talk anymore here, so I'll hang up now. You absolutely must come." Suchin stared at the disconnected phone with a grim expression. Moss, what happened to Queen? Shing was pale and stared blankly at Suchin. She didn't know what had happened, but she heard the words queen and retraining from Such Chen's mouth. She couldn't imagine that the matter of going back to the furnace would be related to Queen. Generally, there are only two situations in which Mecca girls need to be reworked. Firstly, due to special reasons, the Mecca girls have broken free of their mind imprints, posing an uncontrollable threat to humans and other Mecca girls. Therefore, they are deemed high-risisk beings and need to be forcibly recycled. Secondly, the Mecca girl herself chooses to be recycled, for example, because she was abandoned by the pilot, felt disappointed with her future life, or fell into some kind of mental disorder, making her want to return to the embrace of the star god rather than continue to stay in this world where she coexists with humans. Whether it's the first or the second time, going back to the drawing board is a sad thing. Although the Mecca girls who choose to be recycled do not feel any pain, but her existence will indeed be erased the moment she is recycled. She will become a core without any consciousness and be sent back to the sea of stars. It's not clear yet. Suchin took Shimings hand and walked out saying as they went, "Try contacting Queen and see if you can get through." Shing Ming immediately took out her phone and sent a message to Queen. The last time Queen sent a message was two hours ago when she and Moss had just entered the arena. Queen sent a cheering message along with an AI emoji of a McFlurry dressed as a cheerleader. After the results were announced, she sent Queen a message saying that she and Such Chin had won the championship. But half an hour has passed and there has been no reply. Shing Ming typed a few words and then deleted them, then directly sent a green bubble voice message to Queen. The phone rang several times, but no one answered, and the system automatically disconnected. Shing Ming refused to believe it and called Queen again, but no one answered the phone. Shing Ming panicked, tears welling up in her eyes. Suchin pulled Shing Ming outside in a hurry. The club manager and reporters who had been surrounding him were still there. However, they had already been separated by the logistics team of Northern Wolves T2. And when they saw Suchin come out, these people still tried to get closer. Several logistics female staff members reached out and pulled these people back. Suchin Shing Mang congratulations on winning the championship. Seeing that Such Chin and Shing Mang didn't look too good, Li Yini thought they were angry about being surrounded at the door, so she couldn't help but tease them. Don't be angry. It's precisely because of your wonderful performance that you got this treatment. Look at Yu Ming and Such Chi. They're both professional drivers, and only three or four reporters are interviewing them. She pointed to the other two groups of people, which were indeed pitifully few compared to Su Chen and Shing Mangs group. At least there were no club managers trying to recruit people. The situation with Huang Shushuin is rather strange. This guy was holding Chuins little hand, bearing his teeth at the surrounding reporters, looking like he was about to bite them at any moment. So not many reporters dared to get any closer. Suchin had no time to care about such high treatment. He saw the Northern Wolf T2 helicopter parked at the end of the group of logistics girls who had separated. An idea struck him and he turned to Leini and said, "Sister Lee, could you take me somewhere by helicopter? It's urgent. I'll try to make up for the time it takes to get everyone back." Leini paused for a moment, then blinked and said, "No need for compensation. I'll just call another helicopter over." "But where would you like to be taken by helicopter?" The voice of the night group, Suchin said in a low voice. "I need to rescue people. It's an emergency. Please." 1 hour ago. Headquarters of the voice of the night group. Queen, this is our final modification plan for you. If you can drive normally like them after the modification, then you can become Mrs. Mecca Girl. The deputy chief modifier of the night team pointed to two Mecca girls standing against the wall. They are Knight's latest masterpiece. However, due to their average skill level, they will only be matched with newcomers from the club. S-class drivers like Shin Xen wouldn't even look at them. The queen looked at the two Mecca girls whose expressions were calm to the point of being empty, and a trace of sadness appeared in her eyes. Their attributes were indeed stronger, but they had completely lost themselves. The Mecca girl on the left is the burst type, named Thunder Spear. The one on the right is the speed type, named Flame Serpent. But now, their performance is frighteningly average. Queen still vaguely remembers what these two Mecca girls used to look like. Le Cham was a cautious and calm person. Although she often had a cold face, there was warmth in the depths of her eyes. She could often be seen feeding the stray cats in the neighborhood with cat food. Flame serpent, on the other hand, has a carefree and easygoing personality. Her energetic voice can be heard from a great distance. However, the current Thunder Spear and Flame Serpent seem like completely different people. They stood there silently without saying a word, seemingly indifferent to everything happening around them. Can I refuse to have it modified? The queen withdrew her gaze from the two Mecca girls, her voice trembling and strained. You signed the agreement? The modifier raised an eyebrow. Are you scared? Why should you be scared? The solutions our night team provides are among the best in the country. No matter who you ask, they'll all say our modification solutions are absolutely perfect. Don't you want to make them even more perfect? I I don't want to become an emotionless doll. The queen took a step back, her back pressed against the cold wall. The modification room wasn't very big, and it had glass walls on all four sides, leaving her with no way out. The modifier's voice came from outside the glass wall. They've just grown up. Lelay Cha hasn't changed at all. As for Yan Xi, she used to be reckless, but now she's become calm and quiet. Isn't that a good thing? Imagine you have two children to choose from. You chose to be a loud, disobedient brat. Or should we choose an obedient, sensible, and well-mannered child? The queen remained silent. if she has children. She hopes her children will have their own personalities rather than mass-produced products through a series of seemingly perfect mechanized modifications. But now she has no other choice. Chapter 106. I disagree. Part two. The night team possesses the world's most advanced modification equipment. The Mecca girl lies inside the modification device, which not only provides the modification technician in front of the control panel with specific data and status in real time, but also allows the technician to directly handcraft basic modules and modification cores on the control panel and install them onto the Mecha Girl in real time through the device. Once installed, the new attributes and Mecha Girl status will be displayed immediately. With this real-time feedback, modifiers can quickly determine the compatibility of the modification core and adjust the basic modules in a timely manner to create a more suitable modification core. Throughout the process, the Mecca girl will be in a semi-dormant state. Queen lay quietly on the cold platform of the modification machine. Under the soothing photon effect of the modification device, she felt drowsy but forced herself not to fall asleep. She was afraid that when she woke up again, she would forget everything. She had forgotten what she had forgotten before, but Such Chin and Shing Ming were the ones she didn't want to forget. The faint low voice of the night team's remodelers could be heard outside the glass wall. How's it going? The new core modification is working well. It's no use. She still can't activate it, and the special skill hasn't been activated either, even though her attributes and level are up to standard. It seems we've encountered the most difficult situation. Let's use that extreme solution. Deputy Chief, isn't it inappropriate to use it in excess? What's wrong with that? She signed a waiver of liability. Voice of the night can afford to compensate her. We modify so many Mecca girls every day. How can we have time to slowly test each core on her? Okay, fine. What are they going to do? The queen tried to open her eyes, but her eyelids felt as heavy as lead. Originally intended to soothe the Mecca girl's nerves and guide her into sweet dreams, the comforting light has now become a shackle that imprisons her consciousness. She felt a cold tubular object being forced into her mouth. As the machine hummed, a large amount of liquid rushed in. The liquid didn't have a bad smell. It was even a little sweet, but it gave Queen a feeling of terror. She had taken training drug capsules. When you bite into the capsule, there's a jelly-ike viscous liquid inside. That's the taste. But how big are the training drug capsules? And how much medicine is inside? At this moment, the machine is administering her more than a thousand times or 100 times the amount of medicine. She tried to struggle and vomit, but the restraints of the modification device held her body firmly in place, and the soothing photon was like a heavy quilt covering her consciousness layer by layer, making it impossible for her to even lift a finger. Excruciating pain. The surging torrent of memories like uncontrolled magma brutally washed over and tore at the core of her mind. It felt like countless red-hot steel needles were piercing, burning, and tearing through the most delicate nerve endings. This pain far surpasses any injury on the track. It is the sharp rejection caused by the forced distortion of the core logic of the mind and the violent injection of foreign objects. Her body convulsed and trembled violently under the restraints. Meanwhile, on the control panel outside the glass wall, blinding red lights and warning symbols were flashing wildly. Warning, mental core overload. Energy threshold exceeded critical. Warning, abnormal fluctuations in the neurosimulation link. Disorder in the emotion module. Warning, the underlying logical firewall has been compromised. Stability has dropped drastically. Chief, data anomaly. Energy readings are skyrocketing. Core temperature is out of control. She can't take it anymore. The modifier at the control panel sounded alarmed, pointing at the constantly fluctuating danger levels on the screen. The deputy chief modifier frowned, a hint of hesitation flashing in his eyes, but it was quickly replaced by coldness. What's the panic? It's not like this is the first time we've encountered this situation. How can you become an excellent Mecca girl without enduring some pain? As long as we can get through this and forcibly activate her potential, what's a little price to pay? Continue. Increase the output of soothing photons to suppress her rebellious spirit. We must make her process these training memories. But no, buts. Execute the order. Mecca girls aren't as fragile as you think. Inside the modification device, an even stronger soothing photon like an invisible hammer slammed into Queen's consciousness. The sweet liquid did not bring performance improvement, but rather devastating erosion. She felt as if her mental core was a glass bottle forcibly filled with molten iron about to explode from the inside at any moment. If you don't want it to explode, it's simple. Then throw away what was in the glass bottle. Once she throws those things away, everything will be over and she won't have to endure any more pain. But Such Chin Star dream wheat whirlwind in this boundless pain and despair where consciousness is about to be completely overwhelmed. The only piece of driftwood they could hold on to was those two names, those two warm faces. And then there was that little cat she picked up who always loved to cause trouble. Hino's squinting cat ears twitched when she smiled and her tail wagged like a puppy's. Such Chin is usually carefree and irresponsible, but when it comes to car modifications, he seems to glow. Shings bad habit of kicking off the covers while sleeping and Such Chen's embarrassing behavior of drooling in his sleep and refusing to admit it. We ate together, shopped together, and even got annoyed by the smell of a McFlurry, but couldn't help laughing. These images, bathed in warm sunlight, swayed stubbornly in her crumbling consciousness, like candle light flickering in a storm. Never forget. Absolutely never forget. We must wait for them. Modification complete. Vice Chief Queen's special skill has been successfully activated. Ha! I knew it. The modification room was immediately filled with a relieved and joyful atmosphere. Quick, get her to the track. Her special skills are all activated. Starting up shouldn't be a problem. In the deep, dark corridor, Jessica helped Queen walk step by step toward the training field. She cautiously observed Queen. Her usually sharp lips were now terribly pale, devoid of any former spirit. Those beautiful wine red eyes had lost their former sparkle, like a stagnant pool filled with only death and emptiness. She is Chin Xians assistant. He is also the head of Queen. From the moment Queen entered the voice of the night, Chin Xen assigned her to stay by Queen's side. Looking at Queen's current state and recalling the moments she shared with her, she felt a sudden pang of heartache. Queen has a cold and aloof personality and her words are sharp. She doesn't seem like the kind of person who's likable. But when she had a severe cold and high fever, it was Queen who busied himself with taking care of her, clumsily treating her like a child. When she was heartbroken and devastated, Queen took her out to cheer her up without saying a word and awkwardly accompanied her through the darkest days. As an employee of Voice of the Night, she knew the rules all too well, what she could and couldn't interfere with. After Queen, there will be countless queens. She should get used to it. She should become numb. But she stared at Queen, who stood blankly in the center of the training field like an abandoned exquisite doll. My heart felt like it had been clenched tightly by something. She gripped Queen's phone tightly in her pocket, her knuckles turning white. After hesitating for a long time, she finally pulled out the number she had saved long ago with trembling hands. This shouldn't be happening. Why can't it still start? Should we check her data again? Deputy Chief, her attributes are malfunctioning. Almost all of them have dropped below 20. She wasn't like this just now on the modification device. What? Such a strange thing. The arguments on the training field couldn't stir the queen's empty eyes. She walked slowly forward along the track. The twilight lights slanted across my face, chilling me to the bone. In her mind, countless images of Mecca girls speeding along the track were vividly appearing, textbook perfect cornering, perfect corner corrections under extreme conditions, and elegant fluid drifts like works of art. These experiences and these heroic figures were forcibly instilled into the core of her mind as clearly as if she had personally experienced them. However, none of these figures were her. She couldn't find herself anymore. A vast cold sense of nothingness overwhelmed her. She stumbled and searched around the edge of the track wall. She felt that something far more important, something a thousand times more important than these track skills had been lost. Only a few scattered blurry fragments flickered in the depths of my consciousness. Like shards of glass at the bottom of the water, they can never be pieced back together. The more she tried to think about it, the larger that void of black hole became, devouring her remaining strength. A suppressed sob finally broke through her throat. The queen could no longer hold on, and her body slowly slid down the cold wall, curling up and squatting on the ground. She hugged her knees tightly as if she could regain her sense of security by curling up into a ball. But she couldn't find it. There is none left. I have nothing left. Her voice was broken in horse as she gazed at the gloomy sky. Tears streaming down her face. The modders are still arguing and researching why Queen's attributes suddenly dropped. No one paid attention to that desperate soul in the corner of the training room. The conference room of the voice of the night group. Jessica anxiously checked the time. The night team's vice president and a human resources representative stood in front of Queen. their long shadows trailing on the ground. It fell upon Queen, forming an inescapable gloom. Queen, given your current situation, your special skills have been activated, but the core activation function is still missing, and your attributes are broken, making you unsuitable for Miss Gene Xin, the group has decided to terminate your exclusive agreement. The HR representative smiled and said clearly, "You are now a freelance Mecca girl. Out of humanitarian concern and compensation, the group can offer you a job in the logistics support department to ensure your basic maintenance and survival, the deputy chief of the night team added. Alternatively, you can choose to remain with the voice of the night. If new adaptation solutions or resources become available in the future, we will consider giving you priority to try them. Of course, this cannot be guaranteed. It depends on timing and technological breakthroughs. The two choices are like two paths leading to different kinds of darkness. Despair washed over Queen like a cold tide. The candle light that sustained her eventually went out. Even those fragments of memories that they fought so hard to protect have now sunk to the deepest part of their consciousness, becoming unreachable. She truly became an empty bottle with nothing inside but emptiness and pain. I, queen, raised her head somewhat mechanically. The tears had all dried up, leaving only emptiness and silence in his eyes. Her voice was as soft as a crushed feather, falling onto the cold floor. I choose to go back to the furnace. The deputy chief and the personnel representative exchanged a glance and nodded. No problem. We respect your choice. Sign the consent form and we will arrange the best retraining base for you, queen. Jessica hurly stood up, about to speak. Boom! A loud bang! The heavy door to the conference room was kicked open. Two figures stood in the light at the doorway. Suchin pulled Shing Ming along and stepped inside. His gaze swept across the entire room, finally settling on Queen. The air seemed to freeze for a moment. Suchin stared into Queen's empty eyes, a surge of anger rising within him like a raging volcano about to erupt. I disagree, he said, each word distinct and resolute. Then he turned around and punched the chief modifier in the face. Chapter 107. The fire blazing in his eyes. The modifier was caught off guard by the punch and was knocked to the ground. He was about to shout when he was met with two more kicks. One kick landed on his face. The other aimed straight for his heart. They live a life of luxury and comfort, so how can they have any resilience. He couldn't catch his breath and fainted. Such Chen's cold gaze swept over the representative, but the security team of the Voice of the Night had already arrived, surrounded by layers of men in suits, including several terminators with electronic prosthetic eyes. Hey, who are you? Why are you hitting me? Do you even know where you are? The personal representative had a gloomy face. He'd been working at Nightvoice for four or five years, and this was the first time he'd seen anything like this. "How dare someone break into the voice of the night group and commit violence?" "What are you all standing there for?" he yelled at the security personnel around him. "Why aren't you arresting this man?" The security guards hesitated and did not act immediately. Most of them had met Suchin and knew that Suchin had some connection with President Chin Xen. The personal representative is just a minor figure and doesn't have the authority to command them. Suchin is Miss Gene Xian's honored guest. No one is to touch him. Jessica walked up to the personnel representative, glanced at the deputy chief modifier, curled up on the ground like a dead dog, and felt a throbbing pain in her head. What are you still standing there for? Why don't you hurry up and carry the master away? If you delay the master's treatment, can you afford to compensate? Me? What do you mean? I didn't hit him. The HR representative's eyes widened, completely stunned. He may not have much status, but he doesn't deserve to be bullied like this. You didn't do it, and you delayed the treatment. I'm Queen and Ms. Jean, Exion's assistant. I'm here to finish your work. Get out of here. The personnel representative pointed at Jessica, panting heavily, but couldn't utter a second word for a long time. He could only carry the modifier out of the crowd with a gloomy expression. You can all leave now. I'll take care of things here. Jessica was willing to take responsibility. So, the security guards were naturally happy to have some free time and all dispersed back to their posts. Only Jessica, Queen, and the newly arrived Such Shin and Shing Ming remained in the conference room. I know you're angry, but this is the only way for now. If you hurt this modifier, and the voice of the night takes responsibility, you'll only get into endless trouble. Jessica found a seat, adjusted her glasses, and stared into Suchin's eyes. You're here to take Queen away. Calm down. What did you do to Queen? Suchin couldn't bear to look at Queen's empty eyes any longer. He tried his best to calm his anger and sat down opposite Jessica while Starream took Queen's hand and led her to a corner of the conference room, whispering something to her. Queen is simply fulfilling the agreement signed with the Knights voice and carrying out the modifications according to the night team's plan. Jessica sighed, looking into Such Chen's angry eyes. It's not that Night Voice is deliberately targeting us. It's just a global trend in car modification. You'll understand when you come into contact with other top driver clubs in the future. While Knight's modifications are radical, they are among the best in the modding community. Any one of their modders could easily teach at an academy. Suchin pursed his lips and clenched his fists. He knew Jessica was right. He had previously described Knight's modification team's plans to Noer. Noer also said it was no problem. It's definitely better for a Mecca girl to develop in one area rather than improve in a balanced way. As long as the Mecca girl herself can handle it and doesn't dislike it, it's okay. Noah might care about some of the Mecca girl's own thoughts. But she was just a modifier for the Northern Wolf T2. The Northern Wolves can only be considered a second rate club. They can't even touch the edge of the top tier, let alone the top tier. The stronger the club, the higher the performance requirements for the Mecca girls will be. But not every Mecca girl is born S-class. Therefore, in order to mass-produce Mecca girls with powerful performance, these top clubs in their pursuit of efficiency naturally adopt more radical modification plans. This is not just a problem of the voice of the night, but a problem of the world. The global trend of car modification is unhealthy. In addition, some modification teams only treat Mecca girls as tools. And so, one after another, Mecca girls like Queen appeared. He just checked Queen's attributes, and they've all dropped to 20. Clearly, due to her strong resistance and rebellious attitude towards modifications, Queen's modifications failed in every aspect. She chose to comply rather than fight to the death. Like a bird trapped in a cage, it crashes and bleeds, barely clinging to life in an attempt to escape. I remember about two weeks ago, Such Chen's voice was low. I made a bet with PresidentQ of your night voice. She said that as long as I pass the A-level modifier assessment within 3 months, queen will be mine to take away. Yes. Jessica nodded. Then why modify the queen? Jessica paused for a moment, then said calmly. I don't know Miss Jean's specific thoughts, but I speculate that there are probably two reasons. First, when Queen agreed to the bet, she didn't say she wouldn't continue modifying the car. She was simply fulfilling the club's agreement. Secondly, Miss Jean does not believe that you can pass the A-level modification engineer assessment within 3 months. As long as Queen is with the voice of the night group, you have no right to interfere. She saw Such Chen's clenched fists and trembling shoulders and continued, "But now you can take Queen away. The rules of the knight's voice are, if the modification fails, the Mecca girl can be assigned to work in the logistics team and given compensation. At the same time, the Mecca girl will automatically terminate the agreement with the Knights Voice and regain her freedom. However, because Queen signed a waiver, she did not receive any compensation. Why didn't Queen tell you the reason? Last time you and Shing Ming had an accident at the finish line of the city championship, the medical team from the Voice of the Night arrived so quickly. The reason Queen was able to use their medical team was because she made you sign a waiver of liability. Otherwise, the medical team from the Voice of the Night would not be used by outsiders. Suchin loosened his clenched fist, then clenched it again. His eyes were red as he stared intently at the crescent moon symbol on the wall behind Jessica. Her voice trembled. What if I insist that the voice of the night pay the price for this? Jessica paused, then looked at Such Chin with a strange expression. It's as if I'm watching a whimsical dreamer. Why should the Voice of the Night pay the price? Although The Voice of the Night is not the strongest racing group in the China region, it is the lifelong goal of 99% of drivers. Is this person in front of me still thinking of making the voice of the knight kneel down? Despite finding Such Chen's idea laughable, however, considering how close Such Chin, Shing Ming, and Queen were, and that Queen's phone wallpaper was a photo of the three of them with an orange cat, she could understand. When your influence surpasses that of the voice of the knight, when you possess a greater power than the voice of the knight, you can hold the voice of the knight accountable for queens affairs and make them pay the price. Although she sighed inwardly, it was almost impossible. Understood. Suchin's voice wasn't loud, but it was like a cold knife. Jessica subconsciously lipped up. The man opposite had already stood up. He stood with his back to the glaring light, casting a shadow that enveloped her. Backlit, his face was hidden in the shadows, indistinct. Only those eyes like two sparks suddenly ignited, bursting forth from the unfathomable darkness. It burned silently, proclaiming without a sound. It made her feel suffocated. Chapter 108. Back to the beginning. Jessica stood by the window watching Such Chin and Shing Ming leave with Queen. Under a gloomy sky, they braved the heavy rain and hailed a ridehailing hover car at the entrance of the manor. Goodbye, Queen. Jessica's fingertips slightly touched the cold glass. No, it shouldn't be goodbye. It should be goodbye forever. I hope Queen never returns to this place. What reassured her somewhat was that Queen's emotions had clearly stabilized since Such Chan and Shing Mang arrived. She didn't mention going back to the lab again, and she was very cooperative when signing the contract to terminate the agreement. That's good. Although, I will never have the chance to race again. At least I can live with my good friends. Anyway, it's better than having to go back to school, right, Jessica? Someone knocked on the conference room door and a voice came from outside. President Chin wants to see you. Jessica took a deep breath. Okay, coming right away. I heard you let queen go. Chin Xen sat behind his desk, his whole body slumped into the executive chair, a cigarette dangling from his lips. There were still some water stains on her shoulders as if she had just come back from outside. The office, devoid of any greenery, was radiated with full heating. In the huge fish tank by the wall, only one tropical fish was swimming listlessly. Jessica stood in front of the desk with her head down, her forehead covered in fine beads of sweat, whether from the heat or not. Yes, Queen's situation meets the club's basic conditions for terminating the agreement. Now that she is a free agent, I think we can let her go. Jessica raised her eyes slightly, but only dared to look at Chin Xen's hand holding the cigarette. Anyway, she's no longer of any use to you, is she? Indeed. Chin Xian nodded. I was originally planning to use the queen as leverage to ask about the core of the retractable tail wing modification, but let them go. It doesn't matter. I gave James and his team some time. If they can't come up with a similar retractable tail wing modification core, they'd better get out of here. I have faith in their technological research and development capabilities. We'll see if they can't make it. However, she changed the subject, her voice turning cold. You still acted on your own today. I've said before that Queen has a very good foundation and is very valuable to me. You can't treat her like an ordinary Mecca girl. Those two idiots have already been fired. As for you, before Chin Xen could finish explaining the solution, Jessica had already taken out a letter and quietly placed it on the table. Jean Xen was stunned. What is this? Mr. Chan, thank you for your care over the past 6 months, but I feel that I am still not quite suited for this job," Jessica said sincerely. Jean Xi and frowned, his fingers pausing as he flicked his cigarette. I didn't actually intend to punish you too severely. I just need you to continue being the assistant to another Mecca girl who was just selected and can replace queen. The assistant's job is quite tedious, requiring her to stay by the Mecca girl's side at all times. I find it hard to entrust someone with a task I don't fully trust. You're not going to resign because of the queen issue, are you? No. Jessica shook her head. I simply feel that I am not capable enough to do the job. So, please grant me my resignation. You've just graduated. It'll be hard to find another job with such a good salary. Why don't you reconsider? I'm not considering it, Jessica said firmly. Okay. Chin Xan signed the resignation letter. You can leave now, but if you resign voluntarily, there will be no compensation for your employment. You should know this better than I do. Jessica nodded, turned, and left without a trace of regret. The office suddenly fell silent. Gene Xian stared at the closed door, a feeling of irritation rising within him for no apparent reason. However, that frustration was quickly interrupted by a notification on the computer. It was an email from training base number three. The email was short, basically informing her that the selected Mecca girl was on her way. Compared to Mecca girls like Queen who were signed from Mecca girl exhibitions and auctions, the Mecca girls from training base number three after initial training possessed extremely high obedience. To put it simply, they're like soldiers in Mecca anime. After testing and comparison, these Mecca girls are highly compatible with Knights teams modifications. It is extremely rare for a complete modification failure to occur like that of Queen. Despite the immense wealth of the Night Voice group, a failed attempt to modify Mecca Girls would still result in a significant loss. After all, according to the regulations of the machine maintenance association, once such a situation occurs, the group cannot require the machine girl to return the resources invested during the modification period, including modification cores, stigmata, nutrient solution, memory training capsules, etc. All of which are wasted. This suchin is quite cunning. He anticipated that queen's modification would fail. So he tried to build a good relationship with queen beforehand. Chin xen leaned back in his office chair and smiled dismissively. She had reason to suspect that Suchin was responsible for the queen's failed modification. Because Su Chin was specifically brought by Queen to confront the night team. They claimed to have a more suitable modification plan for the queen. Queen was indeed swayed by the so-called more suitable modification plan, which is why she had such a strong resistance. The queen's stigmata are very valuable and can be sold for a lot of money, which is indeed very tempting. However, compared to the financial resources of the voice of the night, it's just a drop in the ocean. Although I was very unhappy about being schemed against, I just considered it as giving arms. The air in the queen's small apartment was stifling. The rain was pattering outside the window, but the room was eerily quiet. McFlurry rubbed against Queen's legs, making a gurgling sound in its throat. Today, it made a point of covering the litter box, tilting its head and looking at its former gentle owner, Queen, who sat motionless on the sofa with her back straight like a lifeless porcelain doll. Those beautiful wine red eyes stared blankly into the void, unable to reflect the figure of McFlurry, nor the rain curtain outside the window. Shing Ming was so anxious she was about to cry. She knelt on the carpet at Queen's feet, clutching a thin photo album. Queen, look. Shing Ming turned to a page and pointed to a photo of the three people and a cat huddled together on the sofa. Suchin smiled helplessly. Queen looked disgusted but forced to perform. And Shing Ming herself was making a peace sign at the camera. Her McFlurry tail obscuring half the frame. This is from the day we went to the movies together when you complained that I spilled the popcorn. She quickly flipped through a few more pages. And this one, the amusement park. We were riding that really tall ferris wheel and you were clearly afraid of heights, but you still insisted. And this? Let's make a cake together. The big trophy cake you made for me and master. We ate it all. You said that as long as we ate this giant trophy cake, we would definitely win the championship. We won the championship, but you. Shing Mings voice trembled, her cat ears drooped, and her tail swished uneasily across the carpet. She held the photo up to Queen's eyes, almost touching them, trying to awaken even the slightest glimmer of light in those empty eyes. Do you remember, Queen? This is us. Us. These words seem to have touched Queen. My gaze followed the photograph, and I lowered it slightly. Her eyelashes trembled slightly, as if she was trying to make out something. But after a few seconds, the faint tremor disappeared. Her eyes became blank and empty again, as if veiled by a thick, impenetrable fog. The vibrant colors and smiles in the photos were just unfamiliar, incomprehensible blocks of color to her. It even made her feel uncomfortable and stinging. Why does my heart hurt so much? She couldn't understand it. She simply turned her face away slightly, her movement stiff and mechanical as she avoided Shing Mings hand holding the photo album. Suchin sat at the dining table, silently watching everything unfold. Shing Mings ramblings, Queen's silence, and numbness all felt like needles pricking his heart. He clenched his fists so tightly that his nails dug into his palms. You're China's top car modification engineer. Suchin told himself, "You can definitely do something." As a modder, even if all of Queen's attributes are reduced to 20, he can still restore Queen's high burst and speed performance unique to her star power type. But does the current Queen really need these things? Looking at the crimson words, rational collapse and memory loss on the queen's status screen, he felt a moment of confusion. He can handle cold mechanical objects with ease, but Mecca girls aren't cold mechanical things. He closed his eyes, rubbed his throbbing temples, and forced himself to calm down and think of a solution. The moment he closed his eyes, the nebula in my mind surged, and a star emerged from it. A new message appeared deep within his consciousness. City championship completed. Talent: God's Hand 2.0, left hand acquired. God's hand 2.0. Suchin stared in astonishment at his left hand where faint starlight shimmerred on the back of his hand, forming a blurry wrench mark before disappearing again. The previously awakened god's hand was the right hand, and the corresponding mark was a gear. This time a mysterious power flowed into his left hand. The ability corresponding to this mysterious power is disassembly. Disassemble all the solidified modification cores on the Mecca girl to downgrade her. Let's go back to the beginning. Chapter 109. The world's most handsome customizer. Back to square one. Standing blankly in front of the mirror. Oops, wrong channel. Suchin pulled his thoughts back from that sweet song. Without a doubt, a fullyfledged modifier must be able to both assemble and disassemble. He had been having trouble with this before because once the Mecca girl was solidified, the solidified modification core could not be replaced. This is far too rigid compared to the car modifications of my previous life. Take Star Dream for example. Although Thunder number two is a good modification core, the conditions were not good back then and the choice of materials was relatively arbitrary. Once conditions are better, he can create even more extreme white to green level modification cores, but he won't be able to equip Star Dream with them anymore. But the appearance of the left hand of God solved this problem. He can remove the solidified core from Shing Ming at any time during an upgrade stage and install a new core on it whenever he wants. However, it still cannot break the core grade restrictions corresponding to the upgrade stage. For example, the highest quality modification core a C rank Mecca girl can accept is a blue quality one when she is promoted to B rank. It can be blue with a hint of purple, almost identical to a purple modified core, but ultimately it must be a blue core. Putting all that aside, through the power of God's left hand, he can completely reverse Queen's altered attributes. Of course, correcting Queen's attributes is not the most important thing. The most important thing is that this may be the hope for Queen to gradually recover. He had a premonition to restore Queen. It needs to be completely remodeled. Moss, I'm sorry. Shing Ming is so useless. Meow. Shing Ming sat down next to Suchin with her little ears drooping, slumped on the table with a dejected look, and muttered with red eyes. Ching Ming tried so many methods, but Queen just can't remember who we are. Is this the price we have to pay to get into those big clubs? Seeing Shing Mings sad expression, Such Chin patted her head. It's not that you have to pay such a price to get into a big club. It's that the world is broken. Shing Ming held Suchin's hand, rested her soft, pretty face on it, and stared at Suchin with her big, bright blue eyes without blinking. Masta is different from those other modifiers. Shing Ming consens would never allow Shing Ming or Queen to experience memory loss. Therefore, Master must save Queen. As she spoke, tears welled up in the little girl's eyes. For Hino, Queen's meaning is completely different from that of other Mecca girls. Although Shing now has friends like Chuan, Juying, Dong, and Noli, but no one can replace Queen in her heart. Queen is Star Dreams first good friend and their savior when they were homeless. Shing experienced a completely different life with Queen. Queen was also the first person besides him to show love and understanding to Shing. It's perfectly normal for a pilot to care about a Mecca girl. But Queen's concern for Hashino is pure friendship. Suchin wiped away Shings tears, his eyes resolute. Don't worry, I will save her. Just like back then when Shing Ming was seriously injured and unconscious, he held Shing Ming and stood helplessly at the finish line of the City Championship. It was like when he lost his car modification shop and was squatting by the roadside, not knowing where to take Shing to stay. Now it's his turn to lend a helping hand to the Queen. After comforting Shing, Suchin stood up and walked to Queen, he took a deep breath, his expression solemn and serious, and extended a hand to Queen. Hello. Let's get to know each other again. My name is Such Chin and I am your chief modifier. I know you're confused about everything around you right now because you don't remember us, but please believe me. We used to be very good friends, and this is your home. He picked up McFlurry from beside his feet and placed it in Queen's arms. This is your cat. Look how familiar it is with you. McFlurry nestled affectionately in Queen's arms, showing no sign of resistance. Queen stroked McFlurry's soft fur. She could feel that the touch was very familiar, as if it wasn't the first time she had stroked the little guy like this. And the cat's gentle and affectionate manner in her hands made it seem as if they had really known each other for a long time. Is this her home? The queen took her first look around at her surroundings. Her eyes were cautious, like a fawn venturing into an unfamiliar forest, afraid of startling the predators deep within. The surrounding environment felt both unfamiliar and familiar. It feels unfamiliar because I don't remember it. Familiarity stems from a strange sense of security. This is my home, she murmured to herself. She seemed to be asking a question yet also affirming herself. That's right, your home. Suchin took out a photo of Queen with him and Shing Ming. The photos in the album are only a part. Shing Ming has many more on her phone. All of these photos were taken secretly by Shing Ming from various angles. There are photos of him and Queen cooking together in the kitchen. There's a scene where he accidentally enters a dark bathroom and sees Queen running away with her head in her hands after taking a bath with a slipper thrown by Queen also appearing in the video. There's also the picture of McFlurry carrying a spider scaring Queen and Starreams so much they ran all over the house. Um, he took that picture. Some of these photos have already been shown to Queen by Star Dream. But compared to her previous resistance, Queen's burgundy eyes held a hint of contemplation and inquiry. Seeing that the effect was good, Suchin took out Queen's phone again. He originally wanted to see what Queen had filmed, which could also serve as evidence. He was surprised when he opened the photo album, not knowing what he was looking for. The album has two categories. One is my favorite Starream baby, which is full of candid photos of Star Dream. There are people sleeping, eating, taking a bath, bumping their heads on the table when they're sleepy, and even some erotic scenes. Everything you could want. The other one is the world's most handsome car mechanic. There are over 500 photos of him, all of which were taken secretly. Suchin was shocked. He never knew that he had lived with the queen for less than 20 days. Queen secretly took more than 500 photos of him without his knowledge. On average, I get secretly photographed more than 20 times a day. Compared to Star Dream, he has a much wider variety of styles. Various sleeping positions, some normal, some ugly, some strange, and some drooling. Various side profiles of him during his online car modification classes, eating snacks, picking his nose, and scratching his toes. There was a scene where he leared at Shings butt and Shining Ming blushed and slapped his hand away. There was also a photo of him secretly tasting McFlurry cat food out of curiosity, which was also taken. As for everyday snapshots like washing your face, brushing your teeth, eating, and shopping, there are countless examples. What Suchin found even more difficult to accept was the queen even took a picture of him raising the flag in the morning. more than 30 sheets. Such Chen's lips twitched slightly as he looked up at the Mecca girl in front of him, who was truly deep in thought. For a moment, he even thought it would be better not to let Queen remember everything. Chapter 110. Disassembly. Moss, what's on Queen's phone? A little head pee over to Such Chan, curiously peering into the phone. Suchin didn't care and simply handed the phone to Shing. It's indescribable. See for yourself. I'll chat with Queen for a bit first. Meow. Dash. Shing Ming took Queen's phone and sat down on the chair next to her. After just one glance, her eyes widened and her mouth opened slightly, clearly shocked by the contents. She was initially quite disappointed. The fact that she was so surprised, even in her already dejected state, shows just how impactful the photos were to her. She sleeps with Suchin everyday, so she probably hasn't seen all of Such Chen's strange appearances. Queen, do you now believe we are your friends and that this is your home? Suchin looked at Queen expectantly. To modify Queen, the first step is to establish initial contact with Queen. What is certain is that Queen's basic common sense has not collapsed, and her cognition is still normal. But my memories of him, Star Dream, and McFlurry are hazy. Sometimes Queen's facial expressions would twitch involuntarily, and her eyes would become unfamiliar, as if she had suddenly become a different person. Such Chin was somewhat familiar with this behavior. It was very similar to the early symptoms of schizophrenia. The Queen's current state is definitely not solely due to the forced use of incompatible modification course. They definitely overused the training memory capsules. He had previously learned more about these kinds of tech products from Noir. While transmitting a large amount of training experience to the Mecca girls, these capsules, due to the immaturity of the technology, also contain fragments of the corresponding Mecca girls memories. These memory fragments will compete with the Mecca girls who use the capsules for memory sovereignty. The impact of taking one training memory capsule a month is relatively small because even if there are fragmented memory pieces, the Mecca girl can gradually digest them. However, if the amount exceeds the limit, a large number of memory fragments will impact the Mecca girl's self-memory. There are two possible outcomes. Either the Mecca girl's memories are completely destroyed, turning her into a robot controlled by countless fragments of training memories. Alternatively, one can protect oneself by sealing away one's memories and becoming a tacetern amnesiac. The above is Such Chen's speculation based on the information provided by Noer. The night team successful modification should fall into the first category. After all, training memories is emotionless. So, the successfully modified Mecca girls also have no emotions. Queen should belong to the second type because she sealed away her memories due to strong resistance. She lost herself, so all her attributes declined. If he could remodel Queen and take her to the track to showcase her unique power, this would likely help Queen break free of her self-protective state and gradually regain her memories. Now he needs the queen's approval. The queen stared at Suchin for a long time, as if trying to see something out of his face. Just as Suchin was getting increasingly disappointed after waiting so long, her lips moved slightly. I believe you. This is my home, and you are my good friends. Upon hearing this, Shings eyes suddenly lit up, and she clapped her hands repeatedly, saying, "That's great." Such Chen's nose also tingled. This nearly 30-year-old man actually felt an urge to cry. However, he held back and just nodded repeatedly. "That's good. That's good." Queen noticed the genuine joy of the two. She was also certain that Such Chin and Shing Mang were very important people to her. More importantly, as fellow modifiers, she had felt nauseous when she saw those modifiers in that cold conference room. I even felt a kind of physical fear, but she didn't feel that way when she was with Suchin. She just felt a sense of closeness and naturally wanted to trust him. As for whether Suchin was lying or not, she has the ability to tell for herself. There are many traces of car modification in the house, modification magazines, instructional books, some models, and used scraps. All of these prove Such Chen's authenticity. Suchin had no idea that so many thoughts were churning beneath Queen's calm, unwavering eyes. He rubbed his hands together and said with a serious expression, "You signed an agreement with the voice of the night group before. Their modifications were too radical and violent, which ultimately caused you to lose your memory. However, you are now a free Mecca girl. In order to help you regain your memory, I need to start modifying you from today. Are you willing to trust me? Sister Queen, you have to believe in Moss. Shing Ming moved closer to Queen, looking at her expectantly, her soft voice full of sincerity and a hint of pleading. Moss is really different from those other car mechanics. Didn't your phone's photo album say that Moss is the most handsome car mechanic in the world? In Shings simple mind, being the most handsome is basically synonymous with being the most powerful because in her heart, Suchin is the most handsome and the most powerful. So handsome and powerful mean the same thing. Looking at the charming and adorable Shing, Queen subconsciously patted Shings head. As usual, Shing Ming squinted and made soft meowing noises. The queen's stroking motion suddenly stopped. She looked at her hands in amazement. It feels so familiar. She must have done this often before, right? There were no more worries in my heart. Whether it was Shing Ming or Such Chin, they both gave her a feeling of intimacy and peace of mind. I believe you. She looked at Suchin, her gaze solemn and sincere, and clasped her hands together. Please, you must help me regain my memory. You are all very important people to me. I really hope to remember you. Please. Okay, Such Chin nodded. Let's enter deployment mode. The queen has a room in her house that serves as a gym. The room, which is over 60 square meters, can easily accommodate Star Dream and Queen in their racing car forms. He usually tests and adjusts the racing cars form here. Queen watched silently from the nearby exercise chair, her eyes filled with an indescribable complexity. Looking back now, Queen must have been quite envious of Star Dream back then, right? However, now it's Queen's turn. Suchin took a deep breath and his gaze fell on the sharp, aggressive black sports car in front of him. Queen's race car looks very similar to the Apollo Evo from her past life with sharp edges and a fierce, menacing aura. This design clearly indicates a focus on explosiveness and speed. As a result, those idiots on the night team actually thought of making Queen a well-rounded Mecca girl. That's incredibly stupid. Now, the modifications solidified in Queen's body, and the training experience absorbed through the training memory capsules are like malignant tumors deeply rooted within her. Suchin stood at the front of Queen's car. Through the windshield, he could feel a gaze fixed on him. Anxiety, confusion, but also hope. Embracing that hope, he reached out his left hand and placed it on the queen's emblem, a double- winged symbol of freedom on the front of the car. At this moment, in an arrow where the car modification trend has been completely distorted, he may be queen's only salvation. The scalpel was in his left hand, he closed his eyes and silently recited in his heart, "Come, let everything return to the beginning. Let me end your suffering. Disassemble buzz. The entire room was suddenly engulfed by a bright yet soft white light. Countless tiny starlight burst forth from Such Chen's left hand, instantly enveloping the queen's vehicle. The hair on the back of Such Chen's head turned gray at a visible speed. A heavy sense of exhaustion surged over him like a tidal wave, almost crushing him completely. But he knew that the dismantling must not be stopped at this moment. Otherwise, all efforts will be in vain. Hold on tight. Suchin gripped his left wrist tightly with his right hand, his jaw clenched and veins bulging on his forehead. 1 minute, 2 minutes, a full 10 minutes passed. The starlight that filled the room gradually dimmed and dissipated. Suchin could no longer hold on and collapsed in front of the queen's car, exhausted. The queen's exterior appearance appears largely unchanged. However, three damaged modified cores and four cracked holy marks appeared around it, and a pool of black impurities as viscous as oil, exuding an ominous aura. Suchin knew that his disassembly was successful. He only had time to glance at Queen's current attributes before the tension in his heart immediately eased. At the same time, he could no longer hold on. Everything went black and he completely lost consciousness. Are you on holiday? Chapter 111. New life. After an unknown amount of time, Suchin finally awoke from his coma. What? Disassembling is actually this tiring. Suchin felt like his whole body was about to fall apart with unbearable soreness coming from every part of his body. Why do my chest and stomach feel so heavy? Suchin struggled to lift his head. On the left, a pair of fluffy cat ears are the first thing that catches the eye, followed by Hosino's pretty face half hidden under her long silver hair. On the right, thick black hair cascaded down like a waterfall, completely covering his stomach. Beneath the black hair, one could vaguely see Queen's fair face and slightly trembling eyelashes and faintly hear his even breathing. These two Mecca girls actually fell asleep next to his bed. Suchin checked the time. He had returned in the afternoon and it was now 900 p.m. Some used medical injections were scattered around the bed. Queen didn't have these things at home, which means that while he was unconscious, Star Dream and Queen had already called for medical personnel. Judging from the assessment that he didn't have any major problems, they gave him an injection to relieve fatigue and then left. The queen should be fine now, right? Suchin gazed at the sleeping queen, his divine eye quietly activating. Name: Queen star power thunder. Explosive type. Speed 72. Curves 68. Stability 70. Burst 74. Battery life 58. Modification core none. Stigma none. Current level B. Special talents. One overbearing stage one consumes 15 mana to activate a special skill. During the 30- secondond duration, queen will trigger the empress overbearing effect, increasing her own burst and speed by 20%. The overbearing effect affects all Mecca girls within a 100 m radius. Mecha girls within the affected area suffer the subjugation debuff, reducing their speed and burst by 20%. When the skill ends, 10% to 50% of the mana will be refunded depending on the number of Mecca girls affected by the special skill. Two, delicate and supple. Possesses a more flexible body than most Mecca girls. Frequency 15%. Status: Good memory is recovering. Evaluation. A top-term Mecca girl born with special skills. She finally ushered in a new life after experiencing a series of hardships. Call Dash. Suchin let out a long breath. He checked Queen's current attributes before he fell into a coma. Now that I've confirmed it again, I can finally put my mind at ease. Moreover, Queen is in good condition, and there are even indications that her memory is recovering. That means his guess was correct after all the malignant tumors in Queen's body were removed. Once memories that were originally sealed and protected are returned to a safe environment, they will gradually be unlocked. Of course, this will take some time, as well as guidance from him and Shing. But one thing is certain, the day when Queen's memories are fully restored is not far off. Master Shing seemed to hear Such Chen's voice and slowly woke up. She rubbed her eyes and her still slightly sleepy, bright blue eyes lit up the moment Such Chan woke up. She headbutted him and buried her face in his chest, muttering, "Wa, you're awake, Moss. You're finally awake. Your sudden fainting scared Shing Ming half to death. Meow. Pay up. Meow." Suchin took out a Wuan coin from his pocket and stuffed it into Shing Mings hand. Shing Ming accepted the coins and nodded seriously. "I've received the compensation." "H I'll reluctantly forgive you." Meow Dash. Shing Mmings commotion woke up Queen, who was lying next to her in a deep sleep. She suddenly sprang up, her bewildered gaze sweeping around before finally settling on Suchin. A flash of clarity and vigilance instantly crossed those wine red eyes. She grabbed Such Chen's hand in a flash. His hand was warm. No problem. He touched Such Chen's forehead again, and the temperature was fine. No problem. Master, please lie down first. I'll go and make you some nourishing soup now. The queen stood up straight, her expression serious and rigid, and snapped to attention to salute. Then he left the bedroom and headed towards the kitchen. Suchin was dumbfounded. Although it's a good thing that queen no longer has that pain and emptiness in her eyes. But this state isn't normal either. You were just calling him master. He he dash. Ching seemed quite pleased to see Su Chen's shocked expression. She covered her mouth and chuckled, then winked at Such Chin. Isn't it strange, Moss? Actually, Queen's memory hasn't fully returned, but she seems to already know how to cook. Also, she recognized McFlurry. Before she could fully process what I was saying, I told her you're her chief customizer, and now you're her master. Queen completely believes that she already considers you her master. Ah. Suchin glanced at Shing Ming who had a smug look on her face as if she had a sign that said, "Praise me on it." And his lips twitched slightly. "Shing Mming, isn't this a bad thing to do? This is called taking advantage of someone in distress." "Mas Queen will be your Mecca girl sooner or later." Shing Ming shook her head and said seriously. Do you think that once Queen regains her memory and knows the whole story, she will still be able to accept anyone else as her pilot? Let me put myself in Queen's shoes. I would follow you no matter what. I would never choose anyone else. Suchin thought about it for a moment, and Shimings words made a lot of sense. But shouldn't we wait until her memory returns? He simply couldn't bear to bully Queen who was still suffering from amnesia. Although he doesn't consider himself a good person, he still has basic moral principles. Master Shing straightened up, knelt on Such Chin, put her hands on her hips, and pouted. Master Shing always thought you were a very brave man. Meow. Don't you have the confidence to take responsibility for Queen's sister? Given Queen's personality, once her memories return, getting her to call you master will be an impossible task that will take months of effort. Suchin recalled Queen's personality. Um, how should I put it? Besides her sharp tongue, Queen is inherently rebellious. If you tell her to go east, she will definitely go west. The more you want her to do something, the less she will do it. The main point is that it's awkward and he's incredibly stubborn. The last time they went to the amusement park together, Queen was terrified of the drop tower and just watching it made her turn pale with fright. She had already prepared an excuse not to go. As a result, Shingman casually asked, "Queen, you're not afraid of heights, are you?" This immediately activated Queen. She insisted on experiencing the drop tower ride. The end result was that Queen's legs were weak for most of the day and she sat on a chair by the lawn in the playground for most of the day. When asked, she simply wouldn't admit that her legs were weak. When asked again, she said she likes to sit by the lawn. Once, twice, but not a third time. May I ask, what about the third time? Then we'll have to wait for some bizarre food tonight. Chapter 112. A Stark contrast. How does master think the food tastes? Do you prefer cola or orange juice? I'm sorry, I forgot. Master, if you feel it's too salty or too bland, please let me know and I will make adjustments. Is there anything you'd like to eat? I'll cook it for you next time. At the dinner table, Queen sat opposite Such Chin, her hands supporting her smooth chin, her wine red eyes fixed on Such Chin without blinking. His gaze was focused and affectionate, making Such Chin break out in a cold sweat. He could only give a prefuncter answer and bury his head in his food. The queen's cooking skills are still as good as ever. It seems that her memories related to cooking have indeed returned. But his attitude towards him completely reversed 180°. What did Queen say to him before? You eat whatever I cook and you're being picky. Don't pick at it if you're not going to eat it. Oh, such a discerning pallet. Even picky about food. Go wash the dishes. Labor and capital on the shoe road. The current queen is great. But Suchin feels that he is more used to the old queen. His main fear was that if he got used to the current queen, he would be in tears when queen regained her memories. Shing Ming remained silent, simply watching the interaction between Su Chan and Queen with a smile on her face, looking every bit the expert on the subject. The meal drew to a close in an eerie atmosphere. Shing Ming and Su Chan each took the initiative to scoop the poop and wash the dishes. But as soon as he got up, Queen pressed them down. Master, you can rest now. Leave the dishwashing to me. Before Such Chin could react, the plate in his hand was snatched away in an instant. The queen cleaned the dishes very quickly. Only then did Shing Ming put a bag over the trash can in preparation for shoveling the poop. The next second, the shovel in her hand disappeared, and Queen appeared in front of her. Sister Shing Ming, you can rest now. Please leave the poop scooping to me. Such Chan and Shing Mang sat on the sofa looking completely bewildered, like complete idiots. Queen is like a cleaning machine running at full speed, wiping every inch of the house clean. Moss, I'm suddenly a little embarrassed. Meow. Shing looked at Queen, who was busy running around the house with a face full of guilt, feeling like she was sitting on pins and needles. Suchin sighed and turned on the TV. The first channel is the League channel. Boom. Boom. Boom. Miss Gene Xen, the president of Voice of the Night, has won the championship in the national preliminary competition Falling Maple Manor. The first advertisement was one that Suchin didn't like to watch. In particular, there were some interview transcripts with Gene Xen interspersed in the middle. In the scene, Gene Xen is wearing a custom-made racing suit followed by two indifferent female androids. Miss Cheen, what are your thoughts on this competition? I didn't feel anything. I couldn't sense any difficulty at all. And the drivers competing against me need to improve their skills. I heard you're modifying your third Mecca girl. A top tier Mecca girl with an eight special skills. I think her name is Queen. Is she here today? She's useless. Chin Xian's voice was icy, as if stating something insignificant. There are differences between Mecca girls. Even with the best talent, if you can't accept later modifications and adjustments, you're no different from a piece of trash. The Night Voice Club has terminated its contract with Queen. She looked at the camera and said, "I also advise any pilots, Mecca Girls, and modifiers who want to come to the Voice of the Night to think carefully. The Voice of the Night is not a charity, and we don't support useless people. Once we find you to be useless, we will abandon you immediately." This woman actually dared to call Queen a useless robot girl. Suchin gritted his teeth inwardly. Damn it, the voice of the night. Just you wait. In later races, you'll often encounter drivers from the voice of the night. Let's see if he can blow up all these useless guys when he drives the queen. Snap! He frowned and changed the channel. Breaking news. A great opportunity has arrived. The three top clubs in the greater China region, Peak Future, Voice of the Night, and Glory Star, have announced an expansion of their driver and modifier recruitment teams. Call 135x X to register. Still frustrated by your Mecca's lackluster performance? Still disheartened by unsatisfactory track results? Try Link Co. Groupoup's basic training experience capsules. a brand new product that's more affordable than racing grade capsules, fewer side effects, a lower price, and the first capsule is half price. According to reports, several clubs and tuning associations have issued bounties, offering generous rewards to anyone who possesses the technology to create the core components for a retractable rear wing modification. The retractable rear wing modification core made its debut at the City Car King Championship used by an amateur racer named Suchin. The Mecca girl who installed this modification core was named Shing. Both of these racers were the champions of the City Car King Championship. Suchin turned off the TV, his face grim. My slightly relieved mood vanished upon seeing the name Voice of the Night. Nine out of 10 advertisements on the Chinese League channel feature the three top clubs. Two or three of these nine ads are related to the voice of the night. This also demonstrates the enormous influence of the night voice group in the motorsports industry in China. The statement make the voice of the night pay the price is truly laughable. No wonder Jessica made that face. But so what? He possesses the most advanced and powerful modification technology and modification ideas. If he stands by and watches the world become increasingly morbid under the influence of distorted modification technology, what difference is there between him and a piece of trash? Shing seemed to have noticed Such Chen's bad mood as well. She took Such Chen's hand and placed her soft, pretty face in it. She is very perceptive of emotions. Whenever Suchin is in a bad mood, all he has to do is stroke her face and Suchin's mood will improve. Suchin gently strokes Shings face and the effect was immediate, just like an old man playing with walnuts. With his other hand, he checked the race information after the City Car King Championship. In this world where motorsports are highly developed, there are major races almost every month without interruption. The first qualifying round for the upgrade will begin on September 13th, a month later, with registration closing at the end of August. Suchin dialed Leini's number, and the call was answered quickly. "Hey, Suchin, I was just about to call you. You've joined the voice of the night." Leini's tone was somewhat tentative. After all, the helicopter only took Suchin to the Voice of Night, and she didn't know what Suchin was going there to do. But it's understandable that such an outstanding contestant as Suchin would receive the favor and invitation from Voice of the Night, right? She was mentally prepared. If Suchin really wants to join the Voice of the Night, she can only let go of the sand she can't hold onto. Join the voice of the night. Suchin scoffed. That's not true. Leini was secretly delighted upon hearing this and promptly punched Yuming, who was eavesdropping nearby. Yuming. Winston pain but couldn't contain his joy, jumping around the office with his mouth covered. Captain Lee, are there monkeys over there? They're making a bit of noise. Monkeys? Ah, there are no monkeys. Leini glared at Yuming, signaling him to be quiet. Then, smiling, he said. Such Chun, it's good that you didn't join the Voice of the Night. Let me tell you, don't be fooled by the size and influence of the voice of the night. These kinds of places usually have all sorts of ridiculous rules. It's much more comfortable staying with us in Northern Wolf T2. By the way, what's up with your call? Help me register for the provincial preliminary rounds. Suchin said calmly. Also, while you're at it, check if there are any contestants from Voice of the Night in the recent provincial preliminary rounds. Chapter 113. regarding the status of the Mecca girl. Voluntarily signing up to participate in the provincial preliminary round, Leini's eyes lit up. That's great news. She had originally planned to discuss this matter with Su Chin after the City Car King Championship. As a result, seeing that Suchin was in a hurry to go to the Voice of the Night, he consciously didn't say anything. Unexpectedly, things have taken a dramatic turn for the better. All right, Suchin. Young people should have drive. You wait here. I'll check it out for you right away. Leini held her phone between her cheeks while simultaneously opening her computer to search for registration information for the provincial preliminary rounds. If Suchin participates in the provincial preliminary rounds, he'll have one foot in Northern Wolves T2. Because the provincial competition is a team competition, the participants in the provincial qualifiers must also have a club background. Players like Such Chin and Huang Shiruin will participate in the qualifiers as members of the Northern Wolves T2 youth training team. As the team captain, she naturally possesses firsthand information that ordinary drivers cannot access. We found Suchin. The most recent provincial qualifying race is in September, the Takamara Mountain Bike Circuit. Among the participants are two professional riders from the Voice of the Night team, both from the Voice of the Night T3 team, Night Hoof. Is it the T3 team from Voice of the Night? Suchin narrowed his eyes. All right, let's start with T3 and work our way up to T1. Let Gene Xen, that woman, experience a little bit of the feeling of suffocation. By the way, why are you asking about the voice of the night? Leini felt that Suchun was paying too much attention to the voice of the night. Are any of your friends on the Voice of the Night? No. Suchin chuckled. Not only do I have no friends, but I also have quite a few enemies. Huh? Leini was stunned for a moment, then immediately understood. Wasn't Su Chun and Shing Mang ambushed by the Night Voice Youth Training Team during the City Car King Championship? Although Such Chun and Shing Mang broke through the Black Knight Voice Youth Training Teams blockade with their driving skills and unexpected maneuvers, but Such Chin was clearly not going to swallow this insult. He hated the voice of the night as well. Leini covered her mouth and laughed. Such Chin, I didn't expect you to hold a grudge like that. Don't worry. If this happened with any other racing team, they definitely wouldn't let you cause trouble for the voice of the night. But the T2 version of the Northern Wolf doesn't exist. An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. None of us Northern Wolves T2 are afraid of trouble. Okay, thank you in advance. Suchin knew that Leini had misunderstood that he was holding a grudge against the Night Voice youth training team. However, he didn't intend to explain. This misunderstanding was fine as it saved him from thinking about other reasons, but he really didn't expect the Northern Wolf T2 to be so fearless. Smaller clubs generally wouldn't dare to mess with larger clubs, as larger clubs have more resources and can even create monopolies. Even a few dirty tricks are enough to give a small club a run for its money. He was unaware that Leini's confidence stemmed primarily from the fact that those with nothing to lose are fearless, especially since Northern Wolves T2 was on the verge of disbanding. Furthermore, large clubs like Voice of the Night were quite protective of their reputations. In most cases, if a driver makes the night voice look bad, it's highly likely that voice of the night will terminate the driver's contract rather than help him regain his footing, referencing Kim J and others who have already had their contracts terminated. Not only was its reputation ruined, but the Mecca girl was also taken back by the voice of the night. From now on, no matter which club I join, I'll have to be subservient to everyone and feel inferior. I'm filling out your registration information. The sound of Leini typing came from the other end of the phone. Such Chin, is it okay if you participate as a member of the Northern Wolves T2 youth training team? Age 27. If you're participating as a Mecca girl, it'll still be Shing Ming. My identity is fine. Suchin paused. But I need to bring a brand new Mecca girl to the first provincial preliminary round. A new Mecca girl? There was a 3-second pause on the other end of the phone. Then, as if the phone had been snatched away, Yumings exaggerated howl came through. No, Su Chin, you've already contracted a new Mecca girl, you beast. Isn't Shing Ming this soft and fragrant catgirl specialization enough? Such Chin was speechless. Soon, you could hear Yumings screams of pain as he was beaten. Then, there was silence on the other end of the phone. Suchin Leini's voice reappeared since you plan to bring your new Mecca girl to the competition. Why don't you bring her over for a basic test when you have time? I think I understand what you're thinking. The provincial preliminary rounds are quite packed, basically once a month. If Shing Ming were to participate in all of them, it might indeed be too much for them. Okay, no problem. Suchin nodded. Then let's tentatively bring her over in a week. I still need to modify the Mecca girl these few days and I also need to take Shiming to receive the blessing of the star god later, so time is a bit tight. I hung up the phone. Suchin glanced at Shing, who was nestled beside him. The little girl's eyelids were already starting to droop, but it seemed to care a lot about what he said on the phone. One of its two cat ears was folded down while the other stubbornly stood up, unwilling to miss any information. Let's take another look at the status section in her panel. He was full of energy before the match, but now he looks a little tired. Although on the surface, Star Dream seems unchanged, but she did become more sleepy and would start to doze off if she wasn't watching for a while, including when he was in a coma. Shing Ming fell asleep right away while she was with him. This girl is usually full of energy. She often stays up late watching TV series, but she can still wake up the next day full of energy and never feels sleepy. The condition of the Mecca girls is indeed a problem. Each match will deplete the Mecca girl stats. The attributes of Mecca girls in a state of fatigue or extreme fatigue will be greatly weakened. The degree to which the Mecca girls condition declines is related to the intensity of the match. The City Championship is extremely challenging for Star Dream. If it weren't for the combined effects of Star God's blessing and mind contract that fully restored Shings condition, she would most likely have been unable to continue participating in this city car king championship. As for how to restore the Mecca girl to her original state, there are no shortcuts. Just like when people are tired, they need to rest. The best way to handle this is to make the Mecca girl feel happy and relaxed. There is no situation where a single injection of some kind of medicine can instantly energize a Mecca girl. Therefore, any racer with considerable skill in this world owns more than one Mecca girl. The purpose is to ensure that when Mecca girl A is not in good condition, Mecca girls B and C are still available. For players like Yuming and Xing who have already participated in several provincial preliminary rounds, they don't need to participate in every match in the upcoming competitions. They only need to focus on the tracks where they haven't earned individual points. But Hang Shushuin only has one Mecca girl, the Cloud Piercer, right? Suchin pictured Chuan Yun standing quietly and timidly beside Huang Mao. He remembered that the cloud piercer's battery life wasn't very good. Girls with low battery life are prone to fatigue. So there were five consecutive provincial preliminary rounds roughly once a month. Huang Shushuin still wants to compete with him. He was curious about how Huang Mao would solve the problem of Chuan Yun not being able to participate in consecutive competitions. Chapter 114. Leave everything to me. Machine Protection Association. Registration complete. From now on, Queen will be your bond contract, Mecca Girl. I hope you two will work together and sign a heart contract like Shing Ming soon. It's the same MC as last time. He was a little surprised when he saw Suchin Brain Queen. After all, he had only recently contracted his second Mecca girl, and judging from her demeanor, this Mecca girl was quite extraordinary. Can a second mind contract be signed? Suchin raised an eyebrow. Of course, you can. The MC glanced at Queen and said with a smile, "As long as your Mecca girls don't object or get angry, you can sign mind contracts with an unlimited number of Mecca girls." "Such Chin," the last time he signed a spiritual contract with Shing Ming, it felt like a marriage. Now, suddenly hearing that he could sign a second one, he felt somewhat lost. However, the MC lowered his voice and winked. Generally speaking, once you sign a mind contract with the first Mecca girl, it will take a lot of effort to sign one with the second one. Most Mecca girls still prefer one-on-one interaction with their pilots, in particular the spiritual contract. So, it's very difficult for you to improve your synchronization with Queen. You'll have to put in a lot of effort." Oh, Suchin said, choosing to remain silent as he watched the frequency of the same frequency unknowingly reach 15%. Although this frequency is still below the standard for a spiritual contract, but based on what he has seen so far, the frequency of pilots with Mecca girls on the street is generally around 5%. Most of them only have one or two points of similar frequency. 15% is considered high. By the way, MC, my name is Jang Bishan. You can just call me Lo Jang old Jang. Suchin nodded. I have something I'd like to ask you. He glanced at Queen who stood beside him like a guard glancing around wearily from time to time and continued. You know that if you overdose on training memory capsules, it can cause memory disorder in Mecca girls or even nervous breakdown, right? I know. Old Ciangs expression suddenly turned serious. How does your aircraft maintenance association handle this situation? We can't handle it. Old Jean sighed, his body hunching over. We know all that you're talking about, but the resources of this world are controlled by the conglomerates behind these top clubs. For example, the voice of the night group is one of them. The consequence of them controlling most of the resources is that ordinary drivers and Mecca girls have to fight tooth and nail to get into these top conglomerates if they want to become world class. Otherwise, they basically have no chance. Actually, the side effects of the training memory capsules were only made public to the Mecca girls and pilots after our intervention. Previously, Linko Group claimed that this thing had no side effects at all. All we can do right now is this. provide compensation and stable jobs to the female Mecca girls who have experienced problems so they can gradually recover. More than that would be difficult. To change this situation, we must not only confront the chables but also the entities behind them. Do you think our machinery maintenance association has the power to shake up the trends of this era? Suchin shook his head in silence. He understands the difficulties involved better than Lao Jang does because the world he traveled to before was also controlled by capital. Law and humanity appear pale and laughable in the face of capital. Some people have to give their all just to survive. But some people can buy their lives with just a little money. Countless top politicians and billionaires around the world have conducted human experiments on babies in order to gain the opportunity to extend their lifespan. In that world, he was just a modifier. Among car mechanics, he is a god-like figure. But in the eyes of top politicians and tycoons, he is simply not worthy of consideration. But this world is different. He remains a modifier. But now he holds the nuclear weapon that will change the world. However, nuclear weapons cannot be used all at once. They need to be used gradually, infiltrated little by little, and then delivered in one final burst. Otherwise, they will be crushed by the wheels of time. Suchin slowly relaxed his clenched fists. At that moment, he once again felt the importance of his life. To establish a new order by destroying the world, he first needs to survive. The prerequisite for survival is to avoid becoming an obstacle in the eyes of capital before becoming fully powerful and instead make capital feel that you are harmless. He originally thought that the machinery protection association also had a very powerful force behind it. It seems they definitely have some ability but not enough. Come to think of it, if this power were strong enough, something like the queen wouldn't have happened at all. He was just making assumptions. Mr. Such Chun, why are you asking about these things? Old Jon looked at Queen and felt that Queen didn't seem like the kind of Mecca girl who would have problems after taking memory training capsules. This Mecca girl is indeed behaving a bit strangely. He stood silently behind Suchin like a bodyguard. What we're saying is that the Machine Protection Association is a place to protect machine girls and of course occasionally protects pilots, too. So, there's really no need to be so vigilant. A friend of mine encountered this situation and was outraged by it. Suchan without batting an eye blurted out. He told me these things and I also felt extremely heartbroken. Then I thought, isn't there the organic protection association? I brought my Mecca girl to the contract event today and just remembered this. So I asked about it. Oh, I see. Jang Bishan unsuspecting reassured her. Our machine protection association is also doing its best to fight for the rights of machine girls. Products like memory training capsules which are quite harmful to Mecca girls will eventually be replaced. However, top clubs currently have a high demand for these capsules. So public opinion has limited impact on them. Unless a completely side effect-free new product emerges to challenge memory training capsules, it will be a long road before this stuff disappears entirely. Suchin nodded, indicating that he had learned something. Jeang Baan had already put it very tactfully. The reality is that memory training capsules will likely see a price reduction due to the impact of new products. And as their cost effectiveness improves, they will still be used by some people. From production to complete obsolescence, this cycle is enough to cause the deaths of too many Mecca girls. We still need more powerful measures to eradicate the problem at its root and changed the way this world is being modified. When he took Queen and Star Dream to the track, it represented advanced modification ideas. If he along with Queen and Star Dream can overcome all obstacles and defeat those Mecca girls modified from the voice of the knight one by one, naturally clubs and drivers will begin to study which modification approach is correct. At this point, if he already has some influence, he can sound the horn of counterattack and publicize his new modification ideas. Such Chin had a general idea of what the future held. After receiving the blessing of the star god, Shings attributes all increased by one point. The current stats are speed 75, cornering 71, stability 43, burst 49, and endurance 62. After leaving the machine protection association, Such Chin immediately went to Shing Shin Hui Lago. He spent almost all of the 200,000 Yuan he earned from the racing championship. The streets are bathed in the golden light of the sunset. Queen followed closely behind Suchin, carrying large and small bags of modification parts. Shing Ming, on the other hand, strode ahead with an air of indifference towards her family and friends. She held her head high and puffed out her chest as if she wanted to show the badge on her chest to all the passers by. Wow, this Mecca girl has received the blessing of the star god twice. Really? Two open championships? That's amazing. Occasionally, such quiet exclamations could be heard from passers by. At this time, Shing Ming would prick up her ears and tufted of hair, looking serious, but actually she was barely able to suppress a smile. The car logo of the Mecca girl that receives the blessing of the star god twice will become brighter. The logo of the star dream is a cute version catad, which is not very majestic, but it is quite cute when it is lit up. When transformed into her mecha girl form, if she is wearing a car cover, the two star god's blessings will appear as metals on Hosino's chest. The medal has two stars which means that you have received the blessing of the star god twice. That is you have won the championship of two open tournaments. Master, the sound from behind made such stop and turn around. He saw the image of Shing reflected in Queen's eyes which were filled with longing and envy. I also want to win a championship. She looked cautiously into Such Chen's eyes, as if describing something she could never obtain, even with the utmost desire, like the little match girl praying for her last meal by the burning candle light. "Okay," Suchin nodded. "Leave everything to me. He's going to do Queen's first makeover." Nirvana, this is just the beginning. Chapter 115. the modification of queen. In the queen's apartment, Suchin stood up right in front of the control panel, his eyes flashing with a sharp, cold light. Normally, his modification skills are probably top-notch, but when he gets into work mode, well, I'm sorry to say he's the chief because no one is better than him. Queen is a burst type Mecca girl whose main talents are speed and burst damage. Such Chin muttered to himself, glancing at Ching Ming and Queen sitting obediently beside him like elementary school students. Queen's attributes are actually quite average, but her biggest weakness is battery life. As a top Mecca girl, she was born as a B rank and compared to Star Dream, she has even more luxurious base attributes with a speed of 72 and a burst of 74. What he needs to do now is to balance speed and explosiveness. Try not to let other attributes decrease too much, especially its cornering performance. If he completely sacrifices cornering performance, he will get a track hard blade that is difficult to control. But then again, the inability to control it is actually his problem as the driver. He gained another skill point by winning the city championship. If all else fails, focus all your points on cornering maneuvers. The key to boosting burst speed is to maximize torque output and reduce power transmission loss. While boosting speed depends on engine speed and reducing air resistance. Suchin placed the basic modules he had bought side by side on the modification platform. This included an engine module, a chassis module, and an aerodynamic module. Since he didn't have enough money left to buy more modules, he went to a junkyard and found some parts that were almost always used when modifying the engine. Let's take a look at what kind of engine this time. Suchin placed his right hand on the engine module and the secret passage unfolded. Buzz. As the starlight faded, a huge engine appeared on the modification platform. This engine is far larger than the car itself. It looks It looks like a truck engine. That's outrageous, Suchin said speechlessly. No wonder this purple engine module can increase burst damage by 7 to 9. How could such a big thing have a low power boost? However, it is obvious that the modification core made from this basic module cannot guarantee the retention of attributes, and it is also not compatible with the Queen's vehicle body. Suchin immediately made modifications to the engine. First, the size must meet the requirements of a racing car. Secondly, the intake and exhaust systems need to be optimized. Although the tuners in this world can create models, they have almost no understanding of engines and many engine designs are completely nonsensical. If it weren't for the extraordinary power of the star god influencing this world, he had absolutely no idea how this cobble together engine could even start. After half an hour of busy work, the engine, which originally looked somewhat bulky and old, was completely transformed. As Suchin wiped the outer shell clean, the silver white mirror-like body was gradually revealed. Even a master hand can polish the machine body. Although this will not have any positive impact on the subsequent modification of the core, but this is his own unique spirit of craftsmanship. If you can do it, you should do it perfectly. Wow, so beautiful. Shings eyes lit up as she gazed at the exquisite engine body, and she clapped her hands repeatedly. Haven't you seen a similar engine before? Suchin chuckled about to wipe the sweat from his forehead when a hand holding a towel reached out first. Queen carefully wiped the sweat from Suchin's face. Her cool wine red eyes filled with tenderness and admiration. Her thin lips slightly upturned. Master, thank you for your hard work. The master sounded softer than usual, clearly imbued with a lot of emotion. Where had Suchan ever received such treatment? If he weren't still working, he would definitely stand at attention before Queen Mas. I've seen it before, but that doesn't change the fact that I think it's beautiful now. Meow. Shing Ming twitched her soft cat ears and smiled. No matter how many times or hundreds of times Master makes such a beautiful engine, Shing Ming will always think it's so beautiful and that Masta is super amazing. Suchin was moved upon hearing this. What does it mean to have maximum emotional value? That's it. Modern gold diggers should take a good look at this. Besides, Shing always wanted to save him money. Master, are you tired? Would you like to rest for a while? Queen walked around behind Suchin and whispered, "I learned some massage techniques from a health program today. I can help relieve your fatigue." "Uh, not for now." Suchin politely declined. He's working right now. He can't afford to get distracted. Okay. Queen obediently stepped aside, staring intently at the engine on the modification platform. Despite her amnesia, she still couldn't understand the meaning behind Such Chen's actions. But a deep-seated yearning for racing glory subtly hinted at her. That's right. This engine is exactly what she needs. However, Suchin suddenly changed the subject. When I take a shower later, you can help me massage myself. A flicker of confusion crossed the queen's eyes. She seemed not to understand why the massage had to be done while showering. However, since it was master's order, then okay, no problem. I'll make sure you feel comfortable. Suchin touched his nose, feeling a little embarrassed. However, opportunity knocks but once. Once Queen regains her memory, things won't be so good. Besides, he was just giving a massage and wasn't planning on doing anything else. After comforting himself with this thought, Suchin immediately felt at ease. After some modifications, the original purple engine module has become in the eyes of God as follows. Finely tuned engine base module purple burst + 7 to 10, speed + 3 to 4, stability minus one, endurance minus three. quality perfect less affected by other basic modules, greatly increasing the chance of synthesizing a purple modification core. The original purple base module has turned a deep purple black after processing. Very good. Next up is the carbon fiber frame module. Suchin unfolded the blue quality carbon fiber frame module. The quality of this carbon fiber frame is clearly inferior to the one used for the Star Dream bike. However, he made some minor modifications to make it match the Queen's model. The carbon fiber frame module has also been completely revamped. Finely tuned carbon fiber frame module, blue, purple, burst plus 3 to 5, speed + 4 to 7, stability minus4, endurance plus one. Quality excellent less affected by other basic modules. slightly increases the probability of synthesizing a purple modification core and guarantees the synthesis of a blue modification core. Next is the aerodynamic component module. It's still a basic blue module, but after his modifications, it's completely different. Like the aerodynamic components used in Star Dream, it also features an automatically rising and lowering tail wing. The original blue basic module was also transformed into a purple grade after processing. Exquisite self-lifting air kit purple cornering plus three speed plus three burst plus two stability minus one. Quality perfect less affected by other basic modules significantly increases the probability of synthesizing purple modification cores. One excellent, two perfect. Suchin wiped his sweat and admired his masterpiece. He was already looking forward to seeing what kind of modification core he would synthesize. Chapter 116. The Tailwing fled. Mr. Chen, Mr. James would like to see you. Let him in. Chin Xen turned his chair to face the door and saw James walk to the desk with a small box in his hand. Her eyes lit up and she quickly asked, "What is this? The core of the retractable tail wing modification you've been researching? Uh, yes. James pursed his lips. This was designed by our night modification team who stayed up all night. It broke through the anchor point of traditional aerodynamic kit modeling, achieving a technological breakthrough. It is. What is it? Gene Xian examined the modified core from top to bottom. It's just not very stable. James shifted his gaze to the side, staring at a pen on the table. What do you mean by not very stable? Gene XIN frowned. A modified core is a modified core. How can there be claims that it's unstable? You'll know once you try it out on a Mecca girl at the training ground. I can't really say. Practice makes perfect. And she Xen likes this style of doing things. She immediately took the core and went to the training ground with James. A row of Mecca girls modified by the night team stood on the training field. These Mecca girls train at the training ground every day from morning till night. Although training is an extremely slow process for improving the attributes of Mecca girls. However, as long as you put in the time and effort, the improvement can be quite substantial. These Mecca girls only have 6 hours of rest time each day. Since he has little emotional need, he drinks the extra concentrated nutritional solution from Voice of the Night after each training session to ensure he can continue training the next day. After 6 hours of sleep, they continue training. That's what they do every day with no entertainment whatsoever. Even under such intense training, these Mecca girls are merely suited to be the drivers in the youth training team. They are not qualified to become professional racers. So when the trainees officially pass the assessment and become professional racers, they will be assigned to new Mecca girls. And these Mecca girls will continue to serve as training vehicles for the future trainees. They can go on the racetrack. But you can never climb higher. They can only run the same tracks over and over again. If they achieve good results, the golden trophy has nothing to do with them. It is just a ticket to send the drivers to the Night Voice professional team. Gene Xian walked past these Mecca girls who stood ramrod straight like dolls. Finally stopping in front of a Mecca girl, she glanced at the name plate on the girl's chest and raised an eyebrow. Rift, step forward. At her command, Lykong silently stepped forward. Chin Xen lifted Lyong's car cover, revealing her Snow White and soft waist, but Ly Kong seemed not to notice at all, showing no embarrassment whatsoever, letting Chin Xen do as he pleased. installed the core. Gene XIN made Rift Sky enter its unfolded form because Rift has not signed any bond contracts with any pilots. Therefore, she can also pilot the Rift. Gene XIN lowered the car window and glanced at James casually. If your core modification team performs well, I will increase the salary of your night team and make you the exclusive modification team for Night Voice T1. Uh, thank you for your trust. James was secretly delighted and bowed deeply to Chin Xen. At the same time, we pray that this modification core doesn't fail us. On the training track, Chin Xen stepped on the gas and the engine of the Lyong emitted a deep roar. The first lap was perfect. The performance of the rift was fully demonstrated by her superb skills. Every acceleration is as smooth as silk, and every braking is precise and powerful. Of course, this is Chin Xen's own opinion. As the rift entered the first sharp bend, with a click, the retractable rear wing automatically popped up, and you could clearly feel the car being pressed against the bend. After leaving the bend, the retractable rear wing automatically retracted. The downforce disappeared, and the rift's speed increased significantly. "Not bad," Chin Xen thought to himself. She glanced at James standing outside the fence through the rearview mirror. The man was staring intently at the track, his hands gripping the railing tightly. James really did a great job with this modification. He's talented and truly deserves to be called a master modifier. Gene Xen was very satisfied with the result. I've already started thinking about giving Knight's team a raise. The second lap then begins. Chin Xen drove the rift sky towards that familiar bend once again. She was completely relaxed and wanted to experience the wonder of the retractable tail wing once again. However, just as Rift was about to enter the bend. Bang! With a muffled thud. The retractable rear wing actually bounced off the rear of the car. The modified core then emitted a piercing electric spark followed by an explosion. The car lost its balance and began to sway violently. She groaned, the intense pain causing her body to spasm uncontrollably, and she completely lost control of the vehicle. She and Xen immediately tried to salvage the situation. But unfortunately, she had no contractual relationship with Lyong and therefore lacked sufficient control over him. The tires screeched as they rubbed against the track. James looked terrified and covered his eyes in fright. Everything came to an abrupt end with a loud crash. Rift crashed heavily into the wall beside the track. The immense impact slammed Shin Xen's body against the seat, leaving him dizzy and seeing stars. After a few seconds, Gene Xen struggled to climb down from the shattered car body, his face ashen and his eyes blazing with anger. James rushed over, his face filled with panic. Mr. Chen, are you all right? I I really didn't expect this to happen. Didn't expect that? Sheen Xenne sneered, taking off his racing gloves and throwing them at James's face. You've been researching for so long, and this is the half-finished product you've given me. No, no, Mr. Chen, please let me explain. James was sweating profusely, his voice trembling. The core technology of this modification is sound, but we still need to address the material compatibility and the selection of modeling nodes. Shut up. Gene Xian waved his hand to interrupt. I want results, not your technical nonsense. James's face flushed red. He wanted to continue explaining, but seeing Chin Xen's murderous gaze, he swallowed his words. He knew that any explanation would be feudal in front of this woman. Chin Xen grew angrier and angrier, his voice rising and becoming increasingly urgent. I've invested so much money and given you such a good research and development environment, and you're trying to fool me with this kind of garbage. James Chin Xian said in a low voice, "My leniency towards you has its limits. If there's a next time," she didn't finish speaking before turning and leaving. James looked like a wilted eggplant, completely deflated, and followed Chin Xian step by step. Yes, President Chin, we definitely will. Chin Xen was too lazy to waste words with James. She waved her hand and two bodyguards stepped forward to stop James. After Chin Xen and James left, Ly Kong, who had been unconscious due to the explosion of the modified core, slowly got up from the ground by the wall. Her pretty face was pale as she endured the excruciating pain. Looking around blankly. When their gaze fell upon the Mecca girls who were still training, they finally felt like they had found their direction. She stumbled into the training group and gritted her teeth to continue training. Gene Xin only managed to catch his breath once he returned to his office. A bunch of useless trash. She flipped through the information her subordinates had collected over the past two days, but couldn't find any of the so-called genius modifiers near the junkyard. There were a lot of impostors, but they were easily exposed with a simple test. This retractable rear wing modification cord definitely wasn't given to Such Chin by just any roadside tuner. Given Suchin's modification skills, he must have a master craftsman behind him. Chin Xen narrowed his eyes. Should we go and pay a visit to Suchin? She was confident she could offer Suchin something that would win him over. But she just couldn't bring herself to do it. After all, she was the president of the Night Voice group. Why doesn't Suchin take the initiative to cooperate with her? They have no self-awareness at all. Meanwhile, Suchin was unaware that Chin Xen had already decided to pay him a visit. If he had known, he would have moved immediately. At this moment, he was playing with the modified core he had just made, looking completely dazed. Please name the modification core. Name? Suchin grinned as he watched the series of special effects. This absolutely has to be called the succubus number two modification core. You can read chapter 117 a little longer. Such sai was not without reason because the attributes of this modification core are amazing. It was so amazing that it swept away all his fatigue after the modification. Positive effects, burst + 12, speed plus 8. Negative effects, stability minus4, battery life minus4, crash resistance minus 15%. Special effects, cup size + one, fullness + three, hydration + three, sensitivity + 5, automatic damage reduction. Grade purple gold. This is a modified core that is purple with gold undertones. However, it was only a little gold with a pure purple light that shimmerred like gold dust, which was quite beautiful. But Suchin didn't mind at all. Starting with a bunch of basic purple and blue modules, it's already pretty good to be able to create a modified core with a touch of gold. The key is that these special effects are all incredibly addictive. Shouldn't we give it to Queen to try right away? Um, Queen Suchin coughed lightly. I've finished your modification core. Want to try it out? Queen stood beside Suchin, gazing at the core in Such Chen's hand, a glimmer of light in her eyes. She could sense that this modified core contained the power she needed. Master, I really like this modification core. Queen didn't take it immediately, but glanced at the smiling Shing beside her. But Shing Ming Nichin should be able to use this modification core too, right? Give it to Shing Ming Nichin first and I'll leave mine. No, no, no. Dash. Suchin raised his index finger and shook it. Queen, this core is not suitable for Star Dream. Starard Dream needs a modified core with more balanced attributes. This core provides an extremely high boost to attributes, focusing entirely on burst damage and speed. Therefore, this is a custom-designed modification core just for you. It's only suitable for your use. A custom-designed core for me? Queen muttered to herself. For some reason, a pang of sadness welled up in my heart, and tears streamed down my face. "Huh? Why am I crying?" She wiped the tears from her face in confusion. But the more she wiped, the more tears flowed. Suchin watched the scene silently. Both he and Shing Ming could roughly guess it. Why are you crying? Because previous modifications were all forced with no freedom whatsoever and completely disrespectful of her performance and talent. This custom modified core is a respect for an affirmation of Queen's talent. Of course, it is also proof that it is cherished. In a place like the Voice of the Knight, those who can't improve are eliminated, and Queen may never have realized her own importance. It's like a product on a production line that will be thrown away at any time if it fails inspection. Nobody likes being treated like a product as sensient beings. Isn't the meaning of life to seek selfworth and a sense of existence? The voice of the night group has precisely erased the self-worth and sense of existence of the Mecca girls. Queen, don't cry. There will be many more modified cores like this in the future. Shing Ming kindly handed Queen a tissue, then changed the subject. Just don't beat up Master after you regain your memories. How could this be? Queen wiped away her tears. Master was so good to me, even customizing a core for me. How could I do such a thing? Shing Ming shrank back guilty. This matter, it's really hard to say, especially Masta, who actually had Queen give him a massage. That's incredibly audacious. She also needs to study hard. Of course, it's about learning how to massage. Since it was a custom-made modification core, Queen didn't pretend. She turned her back and gently lifted a corner of her dress, revealing her beautifully curved waist. Suchin glanced at that snow white waist and swallowed hard. Sheings waist is also beautiful. It's a soft, slender waist. The queen's waist is beautifully curved, giving the impression that she has worked out but not overdone it. This perfect funnel shape made him secretly think that if he held it with both hands, there would definitely be enough room to exert force. Master, is it beautiful? Suchin was stunned for a moment, then looked up and saw Queen turning her head to look at him with a slightly flushed face. I remember Queen wasn't so shy before. The queen even liked to tease him for no reason. So, you actually have a shy side. That's rare. If you like it, you can look at it a little longer. As she spoke, the queen actually pulled her clothes up a little more. Useless. That's absolutely unacceptable. Ahem. I was counting the stigma slots on your waist. Suchin struggled to tear his gaze away from the snow white waist and then reached back to attach the succubus number two modification core to it. After being downgraded to rank B, Queen only has two stigmata slots left. These stigmata slots are not guaranteed to be obtained as the Mecca girl's level increases. Generally, a Mecca girl can obtain one slot when she is promoted from D rank to C rank. And those who are promoted from B to A will receive a second one. Whether you can obtain more stimula slots later depends on the Mecca girls talent and luck. The performance gap between Mecca girls becomes increasingly apparent starting from Bank. There is no doubt that an S-rank Mecca girl with three stigmata slots will have more performance advantages than an S-rank Mecca girl with only two stigmata slots. The core transforms into a ray of light that merges with the queen's waistline. H she let out a muffled groan that was clearly very comfortable, closed her eyes, and quietly felt the performance changes brought to her by the modified core. Master. After a long while, Queen opened her eyes and stared intently at Such Chin, her eyes filled with gratitude and admiration. Although I don't know exactly how much this modification core has increased my burst damage and speed, but I can feel that my talent has become stronger. H, where are you looking? Her gaze followed Such Chen's eyes and landed on her chest. Why is this place so much bigger? My buttocks. Wait, something's not right. They've gotten softer. My stockings are full of holes. I just changed them. The queen was dumbfounded. Her stunned and bewildered appearance made Shing Ming laugh so hard she rolled around on the sofa. She was always amazed when the modifications were done before. Massa's modification core seems to have many strange and special effects. For example, raising her body temperature. I've never heard of such a bizarre modification core anywhere else. Fortunately, she was already used to it. Master really likes all of these effects. Since Moss likes it, what else is there to say? She likes it, too. The queen may not be fully aware of the changes she has undergone. But Such Chen, as an observer, saw it all very clearly. Queen already had a great figure, but she was still a little bony. However, with the added benefits of plus one cup size and plus three fullness, she instantly transformed into a devilish figure with a perfect hourglass shape. Her long full thighs paired with battle damage stockings made it seem as if the tender flesh was slightly peeking out from the holes. As for hydration plus three and sensitivity plus 5, these two have hidden special effects which are not yet visible. It can only be fully felt when a special event is triggered in a specific scenario. Even so, Such Chin was very satisfied. Who wouldn't want the Mecca girls in front of them every day to become more and more outstanding and pleasing to the eye? Chapter 118. I'll wash you. After installing this pretty awesome modification core, the queen's current attributes become speed 80, curve 68, stable 66, burst 86, battery life 54. There is also a negative effect of minus 15% impact resistance. This is a natural result of replacing the body with a full carbon fiber body, which reduces overall weight. The lighter body brings higher speed, but it also makes the Mecca Girls vehicle body more unstable and fragile. To maintain impact resistance, materials stronger than carbon fiber must be used while also ensuring lightweight design. Such materials exist, but the corresponding basic modules are too expensive. If he wanted to buy them, he would have to spend a lot of time reselling and modifying the core. To avoid being exposed, I'd better not. The reduction in range is mainly due to the increased engine speed. To put it simply, the Queen used to use 10 L of fuel per 100 km, but now it uses 15 L. The energy consumed is more than before, so the running distance is naturally shorter. However, Queen's current attributes should be enough to upgrade her to an A-rank Mecca girl, right? Suchin watched Queen looking at herself in the mirror, touching this and that, and pondered. The threshold for promotion from C to B is that three attributes reach 60. Now that queen has two attributes at level 80, she should be able to easily reach a rank. I just don't know what materials I needed for B to be promoted to A. I'll ask about it when I take queen to register at the Northern Wolf T2 tomorrow. As well as he has no money now. They only had 20,000 to 30,000 yan left and were completely out of money and supplies. We need to find a way to raise money as we also need to upgrade the Star Dreams modification core which requires funds. As a car mechanic, the only way he could think of to make money was by selling car modification cores. That's right. He plans to return to his old business, opening a car modification shop. But this time, he won't open it in some god-forsaken place. He needs to find a place with good business. With his DLE modifier status, he can sell white and green quality mod cores. The white and green quality modification cores that he personally crafted will far surpass those of the same grade on the market. I believe it will soon attract many drivers to buy it. The money comes in a little slower, but it's stable and secure. After planning what to do in the next few days, a strong sense of fatigue washed over me. He had taken a nap after disassembling Queen, but now he felt tired again. Suchin shook his heavy head, wondering if he had kidney deficiency. "Never mind, I'll just take a shower and go to bed, even though it's only a little past 10," he muttered to himself. "Moss, time for a bath." Meow. Shing Ming snuggled up to Such Chin and hugged his arm, a milky scent mixed with shampoo wafting over. While you were doing the modifications, Shing Ming already prepared the bath water for you, and you even soaked in it for half an hour, making sure it's filled with Shing Mings scent. "Oh," Suchin perked up a bit and patted Shings head. "You're quite self-aware." "He he dash." Shing Ming rubbed against Such Chen's hand. She had already seen the fatigue in Such Chen's eyes and quickly pushed Suchin towards the bathroom, saying with concern, "Master, go take a bath and get some rest afterward." "Shing Ming will go warm your bed now," Dash. As Suchin listened to the clattering footsteps fading away behind him, he couldn't help but sigh. This life top-notch. I had only been in the bathtub for less than 5 minutes when there was a knock on the bathroom door. Master, let me give you a massage. Suchin was stunned. No, this is for real. He was just joking. However, the current queen is definitely not someone to be trifled with. The queen of today is no longer the hotty little woman she used to be, but a responsible and obedient maid. Whatever he says, the queen will do. Just as he was wondering whether or not to let Queen in, Queen had already entered. In the hazy mist, she was still wearing that simple yet undeniably shapely loungewear. Only the black stockings on her legs were completely worn out. She was holding a tray with a new towel and a bottle of something that looked like essential oil. Suchin subconsciously shrank further into the water. Since I was already there, I turned my back and said, "Just a quick massage is fine. No need to take it too seriously." Before Suchin could finish speaking, Queen had already knelt down beside the bathtub without saying a word, her warm and soft fingers gently pressing on his shoulder. Suchin could clearly feel Queen's calm breathing behind him, making his neck tingle. "Master, you seem very tired." Queen's voice was filled with obvious self-reroach. "Is it because you made the modification core for me? I'm sorry. I will try my best to help master alleviate your fatigue." Suchin did not deny it because modifying core components inevitably leads to fatigue. That's a fact. Surprisingly, Queen's technique was quite professional. The pressure is moderate and the acupoints are accurately grasped. Those hands capable of easily snapping steel bars now carried a tender, careful touch. Starting from his shoulders and neck, I gently massaged his tense muscles. a warm bathtub, the milky scent of Shings body, and professional massage techniques. This imperial-like enjoyment made Su Chens tense nerves relax involuntarily, and he was so comfortable that he almost hummed out loud. The feeling of fatigue did indeed subside quickly. As fatigue subsides, it's inevitable to feel more energetic. Suchin perked up. "Master, please don't bend over. It's inconvenient for me to massage you like this." As she spoke, the queen reached out a hand and placed it around Such Chen's chest to support him, turning his body upright. "That queen, I feel like it's about time," Suchin said, already feeling awkward and uneasy. "It's only been a short time. Please relax." Queen showed no intention of stopping. They massaged him for half an hour, and Suchin felt completely comfortable and drowsy. The queen also noticed Su Chens tired appearance, but Such Chin had only washed his hair and hadn't washed his body yet. "Simply," she hesitated for a few seconds, then whispered in Such Chens ear. "Master, you should rest well. I'll help you wash." "Oh," Suchin mumbled a sleepy reply. Queen quickly applied shower gel to Such Chen's back and then rinsed it off with a shower. During this process, Suchin's confused consciousness gradually returned to normal. Reason began to prevail. He sensed something was off. Wasn't Queen supposed to be a massage? Why was he being given a bath instead? Master, please sit up a bit. There are still some areas that haven't been washed. Queen's gentle voice rang in Such Chen's ears, but it sounded like an alarm bell. Never mind. Just sit still. I'll do it. After saying that, she reached her hand into the water. No. Such Chen's reaction was still too slow. The queen's soft little hands were already fully inside the bathtub. The entire bathroom fell silent instantly. Suchin was frozen in place like a stone statue. Splash! Splash! All that remained was Queen diligently and meticulously cleaning up the splashing water. Chapter 119. Could he be a big pig's trotder? Machine washing complete. The robot girl personally helps with the bath, commonly known as a machine bath. Suchin emerged from the bathroom, looking distracted. Queen had already cleaned the bathroom floor, turned off the lights and heater, and followed closely behind Suchin with a towel in hand. Master, how are you feeling? Are you more relaxed? Her voice was soft and calm. Suchin turned his neck mechanically and looked at Queen with a strange expression. I feel pretty good, not so tired anymore. But Queen, don't you think there's anything strange about this? The queen blinked wine red eyes, tilted her head, and said, "Strange? No, not at all." Suchin stared into Queen's eyes to confirm. He finally nodded. That's good. He guessed that Queen's memories hadn't returned and that she was now a naive girl like Star Dream. However, in my memory, the former queen was definitely a seasoned veteran with a wealth of theoretical knowledge. After all, they can spout all sorts of flirtatious and provocative remarks without knowing anything. The only hope is that Queen won't suddenly remember this when her memory returns. Otherwise, it's unimaginable what terrible things might happen. Master, go to sleep if you're not so tired anymore. We have other things to do tomorrow. And what about you? Suchin looked at Queen, who had retied her apron and was momentarily stunned. It's almost 11 p.m. and Queen is still making midnight snacks. I need to prepare breakfast for tomorrow. Queen pursed her lips. Also, I'd like to take a walk around the neighborhood to see if I can remember anything. It's so late. Are you really going out for a walk? Suchin glanced at the clock on the wall and asked worriedly. Isn't it unsafe to go out at this hour? How about tomorrow? Master, please rest assured. Queen clenched her fists and showed Suchin her fair and delicate fists with a blank expression. My strength can knock out a bull in an instant, and I can kill an adult male with one punch. Such Chin, we almost forgot that Mecca girls possess combat abilities far exceeding those of humans. After all, Shing Ming looks so petite, yet she can easily pick him up and throw him into the air. There is really no need to worry about Queen's safety. He wasn't the type to interfere with other people's freedom, so he nodded. It's good to go out for a walk, but come back early. I'm going to sleep now. Good night, master. Queen bowed, lifting her skirt and gave a gentle smile like a medieval maid. Sweet dreams. That smile seemed to glow softly under the lamplight. Such Chen's heart skipped a beat from the shock, and he hurriedly turned around and practically fled into the bedroom. Perhaps he took too long to shower because Shing Ming had already fallen asleep. On the bed, the blanket wrapped her up into a small ball outlining her petite figure with only a pair of soft cat ears and a small tuft of hair sticking out. If you get close, you can faintly hear even breathing sounds. Suchin carefully lifted the blanket, afraid of waking Shing from her sleep. This girl must be tired from running the race. Suchun looked at Shings peaceful sleeping face, smiled and shook his head, then reached out and poked Shings soft cheek. Normally, Shing Ming would never be sleeping at this time. The app has so many TV series for her to choose from. Once she finishes watching one, there's always another. As soon as Suchin laid down, he immediately felt a hot body stick to him like an octopus. Shing Ming seemed to know that it was Suchin who went to bed. She skillfully found the perfect angle, and half asleep, used both hands and feet to snuggle into Su Chen's arms. Ma meow dash. Shing Ming mumbled indistinctly, rubbing her little head against his neck. Want a hug? Sweet breaths are right in front of me. Despite his very gentle movements as he got into bed, Shing Ming seemed to have woken up. In the darkness, one could vaguely see Shing Mings dazed eyes and fluttering eyelashes. Recalling what happened in the bathroom earlier, Suchin suddenly felt a sense of immorality. I'm so damn stupid. He silently slapped himself in the face. Even though she already has a dream of stardom, she still gets tempted by Queen's allure. Is he really a scumbag and a heartless jerk? No, he definitely isn't. It must be because Queen was too tempting, and the common relationship between pilots and Mecca girls in this world made him lower his psychological defenses. Suchin quickly pulled Shing Ming into his arms, gently rubbing his chin against her hair. He he dash. Shing Ming snuggled closer to Suchin and then fell into a deep sleep. Suchin smelled the faint fragrance from Shing Mings hair. Although Shing Ming in his arms felt like a hand warmer, opening the bedroom window at night and letting the cold wind from the high-rise apartment rush into the bedroom did indeed give him the feeling of sleeping with a hand warmer in winter. A wave of drowsiness washed over him, and Suchin gradually fell asleep. When the moonlight streamed through the window and fell on Shing Ming, just as if echoing the moonlight, Shing Mings body also radiated a hazy starlight. The starlight flowed into Such Chen's body through their embrace, and the gray hair on the back of Su Chen's head gradually turned black in this energy. However, the dream of the stars in her sleep was not peaceful. She frowned slightly and pouted, seemingly feeling a little uncomfortable. Fortunately, the transmission of starlight did not last long. Once Such Chen's body had absorbed enough energy, the entire room fell silent once more. All that remained were the two of them breathing as they nestled together and the whispers of the city under the distant night sky outside the window. Nighttime on North Street in the suburbs of Shanghai. Because it is near the suburbs, there are very few pedestrians and vehicles on the streets and they are almost nowhere to be seen. In addition, drivers often choose to train here late at night. Over time, even vehicles traveling at night have become accustomed to avoiding the ring road around Bedaji. Thus, the ring road at night gradually became a dedicated track for drivers to freely race with their Mecca girls. The road here is wide with curves, straights, and slopes, and the difficulty is moderate, making it perfect for pilots and female pilots to practice and get used to each other, or simply to go for a drive and relax. The sign for the luckily come barbecue restaurant shimmerred in the night. Three uniquely designed and sleek Mecca girls were quietly parked on the side of the street, their metal shells gleaming coldly under the street lights. A group of young people enjoying the night life gathered around taking photos with their phones, their eyes filled with amazement and envy. Just look, don't touch it. At a small table set up at the shop entrance, a young man in a black club uniform picked his teeth and lazily called out, "If you touch it and trigger the self-defense mechanism, don't blame us if you get beaten up. He is lusen, a member of the night hoof team of the night voiced T3 squad." A year ago, being surrounded by so many people looking at his Mecca girl would have made him feel proud. But now, serving in one of the top clubs in the Black Knight Voice region and having a top performing stylish exclusive Mecca girl, this level of onlookers and indie has long become a common sight. No longer causing any ripples, the group of teenagers taking photos around him seemed like a reflection in a mirror, giving him a glimpse of his former self. A strange, inexplicable emotion welled up inside him, and he raised his hand and called out, "Boss, another bottle of ice cold beer." "All right," the owner, busy behind the grill, replied, turning to call into the house. "Honey, another bottle of ice cold beer, please, brother." Lou, isn't that enough? The other two Night Hoof racers at the table couldn't help but urge Lu soon, noticing the blush creeping up his face. We still have two more laps to go. Why don't we come back and continue drinking after we finish? Look at your cowardice. Lun rolled his eyes and sneered. What's wrong with taking a drive around the ring road and having a couple of drinks? Have you forgotten how our captain used to run races? He could still perform exceptionally well even while drinking. He was incredibly fierce. The two drivers exchanged a glance and gave each other a helpless, bitter smile. Can their captain be judged by common sense? For ordinary people, drinking alcohol can lead to trouble, and driving is an even bigger no. No, but that guy could only unleash his amazing strength under the influence of alcohol. This talent has been proven in real matches. All right, brother Louu. The two men couldn't persuade him any further, so they could only nod. If anything really happens, we'll carry it back for you. 10 minutes later, the three of them sat in the cockpit of the Mecca girl. Boom! The engine roared with a deep, powerful sound, igniting the cold night. Amidst the excited cheers and whistles of the group of Willow the Wisps, the three Mecca girls, like ferocious beasts awakening in the dark, roared as they crashed into the night on the ring road. At the same time at a fork in the road on the ring road and the shadows under the street lights. The queen stood quietly. The night breezeled her long black hair strands brushing against her cool profile. She gazed at the highway before her. Her eyes reflecting the blurry glow of the distant city. The lights of countless homes flickered in her eyes like sparks bursting forth. Chapter 120. The bird breaks free from its cage. Boom! The roar of engines echoed through the streets. Three Night Voice Mecca girls sped along the ring road on the night wind. "Brother Lou, what upgrade did you make to Shadow Blade? It's so fast." A teammate's exclamation came through the walkie-talkie. Lucen couldn't help but smirk. Impressive, right? A newly upgraded core. It boosts burst damage and speed, but the reduction in cornering and stability is a bit too strong. I'm still hesitant about using this core on the track. Risk and reward go hand in hand. We'll be participating in the provincial preliminary rounds soon. He came here today specifically to test the modified core. There are still more than a dozen modified cores waiting to be tested. Ultimately, the one that feels most comfortable to use will be chosen for the competition. The modification core he was using at that moment was the one that most violently increased the speed of the Mecca girl. She was also the one he gave the most hope to. If he can master this modified core, he will choose to use it on the racetrack. After all, the core of the competition is how to finish the course in the shortest amount of time. The simplest and most straightforward choice is to directly increase the speed and burst damage of the Mecca girl. Luson didn't care whether Shadow Edge was suitable for such a modification core. That's something the Night Voice modification team needs to pay attention to. The night view outside the window was stretched into a blurry pixel at high speed. On this wide ring road, Luon finally experienced the exhilarating feeling of Shadow Edge AB+S burst type Mecca Girl, unleashing its speed and burst performance. But he only dared to drive like that on the ring road. If he were to drive like that on the narrow and winding track of the provincial qualifiers, it would be suicidal. If I were in the provincial qualifiers, I could make a foam drive that fast, too. Lucen thought, feeling a bit cocky thanks to the alcohol. It felt as if I were actually on the field of the provincial preliminary round. His opponents could only watch him and shadow blades tail lights. What? Brother Lou is driving that fast. As the shadow blade speed increased, the other two drivers couldn't help but feel worried. Lu soon had never driven that fast before if he were to crash into someone. If we stick close to brother Louu, there shouldn't be any major problems. Fortunately, it's on a wide enough ring road, so even if something happens, there's still time to react. Just as the two night hoof drivers were discussing this, buzz buzz buzz dash. A sharp engine roar suddenly exploded behind them. The sound was high-pitched and sharp, the kind of sound only a high-speed Mecca girl could make. Didn't we schedule our training at a different time than those amateur riders and riders from other clubs? Don't they only start training after midnight? One of the drivers glanced in the rearview mirror, but did not see the girl appear. This means that the Mecca girl is still far away from them, but even so, they can already hear the sound waves clearly. You can see how loud this Mecca girl is when it speeds by. You never know. Another driver speculated. After midnight is just their usual training time. It's possible that some people suddenly don't understand something and start racing before midnight and we just happen to run into them. Judging by the roar, this Mecca girl is pretty powerful. I wonder if she can catch up with us. Before he could finish speaking, the night hoof driver felt a sudden flash of red light before his eyes. He thought it was his imagination, so he rubbed his eyes and looked in the rearview mirror. This time, I see it clearly. In the rearview mirror, at the end of the track, on the dividing line where the street lights and the darkness of the bend intersect, a Mecca girl with scarlet headlights was speeding behind them. The Mecca girl was entirely black, a kind of black that almost blended into the night. In the darkness, the pair of fierce scarlet headlights stood out like the eyes of a demon, sending chills down one's spine. The sound of the engine they had just heard became even clearer at this moment. It was the roar of the engine that almost completely suppressed the sound of their Mecca girls. Even the speed of this Mecca girl was steadily suppressing theirs and she was approaching them at an extremely fast speed. What? What the hell? That's the Mecca girl we just heard about. I didn't expect it to catch up so quickly. The driver looked utterly incredulous when he said that. They are professional drivers from the Night Voice T3. Even if it's just a relaxing training session on the ring road, it shouldn't be so overwhelming by a random Mecca girl that suddenly appears, right? The Mecca girl who suddenly appeared was none other than Queen who had come out for some fresh air. She stared at the track expressionlessly, but deep in her eyes surged excitement and fervor. Wind free. How nostalgic that feeling is. I can't remember the last time I experienced this. Even though her memory was fragmented, she still felt a sense of rebirth the moment she sped up on the ring road. It's like a bird that has been caged for a long time finally breaking free of its cage. Speed up. Speed up. Speed up. There are no techniques involved, only extreme bursts of speed and power. She had already seen the three Mecca girls in front of her, but she didn't take them seriously at all. Slow. Too slow. Boom. The engine roared even louder, but the piercing ringing screams caused the two Nighhoof T3 riders at the back to break out in a cold sweat. Is she provoking us? Outrageous. Stop her. Show her our Nighthof teamwork. However, just as they were discussing countermeasures, Queen suddenly accelerated explosively, appearing behind them in the blink of an eye. What? What kind of speed is that? It was too late to intercept them. The ring road is wide enough. This mysterious Mecca girl changed lanes very quickly, like a sharp blade easily piercing through them. One of the drivers glanced to the side instinctively. That one glance almost made him gasp for breath. What? This Mecca girl doesn't have a pilot. She She's self-piloted. What? Self-driving? Just as the other driver was about to confirm the situation, Queen had already overtaken him completely, aiming her sword at Luon and Infong ahead. Brother Lu, a Mecca girl, is chasing after you and heading your way. Luson, who was still lost in his fantasy, was stunned by what he heard and instantly came to his senses. What? He glanced at the rearview mirror and saw a Mecca girl in a completely black car body tightly following behind him. This Mecca girl looked somewhat familiar. Her eerie red headlight set her apart from other Mecca girls, exuding a cold, murderous aura and a sense of oppression. Damn it, when did they catch up? His face darkened, and he didn't have time to think about where that sense of familiarity came from. We haven't received any information from this Mecca girl at all. This indicates that the opponent caught up very quickly, demonstrating absolute speed dominance. The roar of engines that shook the streets was an undisguised declaration of war and provocation. Do you think just any Tom, Dick, or Harry can overtake our night voice, T3? Do you think we're made of clay? Lun almost instantly deduced the origin of this Mecca girl. If I'm not mistaken, there is still recording equipment inside this Mecca girl. The purpose was to record the moment when the T3 team overtook the night sounds team at night. These videos of professional drivers overtaking our common material used by online celebrity drivers to attract traffic. Being recorded in this way would undoubtedly be an absolute disgrace for that professional driver. Therefore, he absolutely cannot allow himself to become the other party's material at this moment. That would be incredibly embarrassing. Not only would it be embarrassing, but it could also result in punishment from the club. I'm getting serious. He straightened his back and stared intently at the track. However, he hadn't even finished saying the three words, seriously. That Mecca girl who was behind Shadow Blade just a second ago, now it's already on par with Shadow Strike. Chapter 121. It must be master. So fast. Luon wanted to continue accelerating, but a glimpse of the warning sign on the bend made him hesitate for a moment. That moment of hesitation cost him the chance to take over the inner lane. He not only lost the opportunity, it was even rudely driven onto the outer lane by this machine girl. His and Infinings room for maneuver was getting smaller and smaller, and they were forced to give way to each other. Doesn't this Mecca girl slow down? Luson gritted his teeth. Although the ring road is wide and has a high margin of error, maintaining a speed of over 300 km per hour on the curves is still a very risky thing to do. Furthermore, although there are usually no people on this road, that's just a general rule, not an absolute rule. At high speeds, even with the assistance of a Mecca, sometimes it's impossible to avoid pedestrians or vehicles in time. The key point is that this robot girl is in an unmanned state. Is she able to control the vehicle herself? The idea had just begun to form. Lu soon could only watch helplessly as the Mecca girl overtook him on the bend. Then then he rushed into the vegetable market by the bend in the road. Amidst the chaos and confusion, they ran far away. Lu soon parked his shadow blade at the entrance of the vegetable market, and the other two night hoof drivers also pulled over to the side of the road. "Brother Lou, what about that Mecca girl? Did she leave you behind, too?" One of the night hoof drivers noticed Loose and leaning against the car door smoking, and his expression changed slightly. this melancholy look. Could it be that they were actually overtaken and filmed? Look, they've rushed in. Lu soon gestured with his chin towards the direction of the vegetable market. Did he rush in? The two night hoof drivers looked at each other in bewilderment. I didn't react for a moment. Looking at the dark, gaping gate of the market, the lingering smell of fish still lingered. They finally came to their senses and burst into laughter. I thought he was a pro, but he's just a newbie. Haha. I thought she was so amazing because she was going so fast, but she ended up running into the vegetable market. It has to be our brother Lou trying to steal our brother Lou's line on the bend. That's suicidal. Lou didn't speak, but just stared wisfully at the dark market and smoked silently. Yes, the Mecca girl did not control the curve well, causing her to fail to turn and crash into the vegetable market. However, she was in an unmanned state, and even in an unmanned state, the Mecca girls still completed two/3s of the curve. It would be almost impossible for a shadow striker. The shadow blade can only operate on autopilot during straight line acceleration. If you want the shadow blade to take the corners on its own, you have to reduce your speed to around 100 km per hour. Therefore, that Mecca girl just now completely overwhelmed Shadow Blade in terms of speed, burst damage, and self-control. All it lacked was a pilot. If the situation were different today, this Mecca girl has a pilot, so he and Shadow Blade have probably been left far behind. Speaking of which, Lucen said, throwing his cigarette butt on the ground and stomping it out. Don't you guys think that Mecca girl looks familiar? It seems like I've seen her somewhere before. Does it look familiar? The two drivers exchanged a glance and shook their heads. I have absolutely no recollection of it. Yeah, brother Lou. It's normal to have a memory of it. We participate in so many training matches and watch Mecca girl competition videos, so it's inevitable that we'll feel familiar when we see a Mecca girl on the street. It's just that it looks a bit like the ones we remember. Luson thought for a long time, but couldn't figure out where this sense of familiarity came from, so he could only nod in agreement. Maybe, but it's best if these kinds of Mecca girls don't appear in the provincial qualifiers. After all that commotion, he was mostly sober. Let's call it a day and go back. Huh? Lun's two teammates were stunned. Brother Louu, are we not going to keep running? I'm not running anymore. Then are we still going to drink? I'm not drinking anymore. After Lu soon finished speaking, he sat down in the cockpit with a stern face. Encountering this Mecca girl tonight was a devastating blow to him, shattering all the glory and pride he had gained through his almost smooth sailing journey. Regardless of whether he appears in any internet celebrity racers videos later after he gets back today, he should settle down and prepare properly for the provincial preliminary rounds. At the same time, deep inside the vegetable market, Queen crashed into a pile of rotten vegetable leaves and finally came to a stop. She deactivated her racing mode, stood up, clutching her forehead, and half-hazardly flicked the rotten vegetable leaves off her head. Her brow furrowed. "Ouch, that hurts." She rushed too fast just now. As a result, the cornering speed was completely beyond his control, causing him to slide off the track and crash into a vegetable market while cornering. Fortunately, the vegetable market closed long ago at noon. She narrowly avoided all the stalls, but in the end, she still bumped head first into the wall. Queen leaned against the wall for a while to catch her breath, then murmured with lingering fear. Luckily, I slowed down when I hit the wall, otherwise I would have been injured and caused Master more trouble when I got back. When I came out of the market, the road outside was deserted. There were eight distinct tire tracks at the bend, and the air seemed to be filled with the smell of burning rubber. Those three Mecca girls have obviously left. Once Queen calmed down, she couldn't help but think of the crescent moon symbol on the back of the three Mecca girls cars. That's the logo of the voice of the night group. Master took her away from the voice of the night group. Why did master take her away from the voice of the night? Isn't she Master's Mecca girl? The queen frowned as she recalled the events. A sharp pain shooting through her brain. Fragments of memories surfaced in my mind. Queen, welcome to our Knights Voice family. Rest assured, once you sign the agreement, you'll be satisfied with everything from competition resources to modification plans. As you can see, none of the Mecca girls and pilots who retired from our Black Knight group have a bad opinion of the Black Knight group. This signature is mandatory. We guarantee your rights, and you must guarantee ours, right? We are equals. Queen, congratulations on being chosen by Miss. Miss is an S-class pilot. It's your good fortune to be with her. But before that, the voice of the night group will give you a complete makeover, turning you into a perfect Mecca girl. I'm sorry. This modification plan was devised by the chief modification team of the night group, and I have no authority to modify it. You signed the agreement beforehand, and accepting the group's modifications is one of your obligations. It seems you are unable to start. We will provide further modification solutions tailored to your situation later to help you restart the machine. Please rest assured this is normal. Because night teams modification schemes are advanced and strive for perfection. Most Mecca girls cannot adapt to them initially. So there is a chance that you will experience this situation. A series of cold gray images flashed to Queen's mind. Those people's voices were indifferent and cold, and their gazes were as if they were examining a tool. In those memories, she could see no light. I live in confusion and panic every day. Since she was unable to start, she has spent almost 24 hours a day at the training ground trying to start herself up again and again. However, her engine did not respond at all, like a heart that has gone out. What are all these things? The queen clutched her chest in pain, her face deathly pale. Why do I have such memories? Was that girl hiding in the cockpit, sobbing uncontrollably? Really her? Because I signed an agreement, I was forced to carry out a modification plan that I didn't like. Because of a problem with the modification plan, the machine could not start and had to wear a collar symbolizing a malfunctioning Mecca girl. How awful. The queen's bloodshot eyes almost tore through the dark night. Now I finally understand why she felt anger and hatred when facing those three Mecca girls with crescent moon and cross symbols. She didn't hate the machine girl from the night voice. What she hated was that the voice of the night had robbed her of her talent. The dizziness gradually disappeared. Queen tried to recall more but couldn't remember anything else. She had already signed an agreement with the voice of the night. an agreement similar to a contract between a star and their agency. It seems like there are no restrictions on Mecca Girls and everything seems to be beneficial. However, once you add the voice of the night, you'll find that the so-called fair contract that's friendly to Mecca Girls is full of traps. So, how did she leave the voice of the night? How did she become Such Chen's Mecca Girl? Now her talent seems to have returned. She can start again. Thinking back to Such Chen's previous modifications to her and the custom-made modification core for her, the queen understood immediately. It must be master, master saved her. It was master who risked his life and the possibility of being suppressed by the voice of the night group to rescue her from the clutches of the voice of the night. Who knows how much master had to pay for this? The voice of the night is such a massive corporation. It's easy to imagine how much hardship Master endured to get to this point. At this thought, Queen clenched her fists, her eyes filling with tears. Chapter 122, targeting the elite at the entrance of the Northern Wolves Club. Such Chin stood below the club, holding Shings hand with his left hand and Queen with his right. He felt that Queen was looking at him strangely as the night went by. How should I put it? Previously, Queen looked at him with mostly admiration and respect for her master. The way I looked at him today was much more complicated. There was admiration, respect, gratitude, and even a touch of affection in his eyes. What was going on? The original 15% basic frequency resonance has increased to 20%. So, it won't be long before we can sign a spiritual contract. Didn't Queen go for a walk around the area last night? Could something have happened during their walk? Or Suchin stroked his chin. Could it be that I'm unexpectedly handsome today? No, master. You should trim your nose hairs. Queen had barely finished speaking when she pulled out a small pair of scissors from somewhere. Click. A flash of cold light. The queen deafly sheathed her sword. A few nose hairs reluctantly drifted down from Su Chen's nostrils before he could even react. It wasn't until this moment that Suchin came to his senses and realized he had just been slashed by scissors. What? That's dangerous, queen. What if you poke my nose? The queen thoughtfully took out a small mirror and showed it to Suchin. Don't worry, master. My hands are fast and steady. I won't hurt you. You look much more handsome than before. Suchin looked at himself in the mirror. Yes, without those annoying nose hairs, he definitely looks a lot more handsome. However, he was still shaken by the scissor cut he had just made. Isn't it a bit too much for Queen to have prepared so many things on her? Is she really planning to train herself as a maid type Mecca girl? What happens after the memory is restored? Transform into a hottie, aloof maid/ young lady. Unbelievable. Absolutely unbelievable. Suchin decided not to. He led Queen and Star Dream into the office area of Northern Wolf T2. Hey, our champion's here. As soon as I entered, a sleazy voice rang out. Suchin didn't even need to look to know it was that bastard Yuming. The fact that Yuming used this tone implies that Huang Mao must also be there. Big Hong, why aren't you here to welcome our champion? Yuming winked at Huang Shuan, whose face was gloomy. Such Chin and Huang Shushuan are still in competition. However, Huang Shushuan clearly suffered a crushing defeat in the first stage. "What are you barking about, you stupid monkey?" Huan Shushuan sneered, ignoring Yumings deliberate mockery. He glanced behind Suchin, a cold glint flashing in his eyes. "So, what if he's a champion? No matter how strong he is, I can't respect someone who just signed a mental contract with the first launch Mecca girl and then immediately signed a contract with the second launch Mecca girl. Hey, Such Chin, aren't you afraid of hurting Shing Mings feelings? Exactly. Yumings eyes instantly turned red when he saw the elegant and beautiful queen, his fists clenched tightly. Do you deserve Shings favoritism towards you? You damned social butterfly. have to. Upon seeing Queen, the two instantly went from enemies to friends, forming an alliance. Before Suchin could speak, Shing Mang rolled her eyes at the two of them. She hugged Queen tightly around the waist. Her pretty face pressed against Queen's broad chest. I like Queen. What's it to you? I made Master and Queen form a contract. Do you live by the sea? Why are you so nosy? Upon hearing this, Yu Ming and Huang Mao were both dumbfounded. You you willingly let Suchin form a contract with another Mecca girl? You did this voluntarily? Aren't you afraid of affecting your starting position? What do you mean by other Mecca girls? Hino snuggled against Queen's chest and said softly. Queen Nin is my family. Meow family should be together. Meow. Dash. Yumings expression shifted between light and dark and he suddenly pulled Suchin into a corner. Brother Chin, we're teammates. Can you just tell me the truth? How did you manage to get such a great mecca girl like Shing Ming? Can you give me some advice? Adjust? You want to adjust too, right? A cold voice sounded behind Yuming. Yeah, yeah. Yuming nodded without hesitation. Who wouldn't want to summon a Mecca girl like that? Then you adjust it. Yuming felt a sharp pain in his ear and let out a scream. He turned his head and saw that shadow chaser had somehow appeared behind him. Turn it. Juying looked at Yuming with a smile. Turn one for me right now. No, I was wrong. I was wrong, sis. Yuming was in excruciating pain from being pulled. And he begged for mercy repeatedly. I was wrong, sis. You were the one who disciplined me. Please discipline me, okay? Who would want to transfer you? Zhu Ying blushed and pulled Yuming away. Suchin brought his Mecca girl to register. Don't cause trouble there. Come inside. I have something to say to you. Suchin ignored Yumings pleading and desperate gaze. He watched helplessly as Juying dragged him into a cubicle. As for what will happen inside, that remains to be seen. In the modification room, Such Chin watched as Queen was pushed into the testing equipment. Through the glass, he could clearly see Queen's pale face and trembling body. Although the detectors were harmless to the Mecca girls, Queen had developed a deep-seated fear of these machines. Unfortunately, the registration of Mecca girls must go through this detection process. It's not like they can just register Leini according to what attribute queen has, right? Such Chan, your new contracted Mecca girl is a bit timid. She picked up the walkie-talkie and reassured Queen in the testing device. Relax. It will be over soon. It's just testing your attributes. It won't do anything else to you. Shing Ming stood outside the detector, holding Queen's hand and softly comforting her. Sister Queen, this detector is very safe. Meow. I also used it to detect my attributes before. It doesn't have any other functions. Lie Yini and Shing Mings comforting words had some effect. But Queen remained worried and fearful of the instruments. She looked at Suchin pitifully and only felt a little better when Suchin nodded to her. She closed her eyes and waited anxiously. "Suchun, don't you have a grudge against the voice of the night?" Seeing that the queen test would take some time, Leini told Suchin about the information she had looked up earlier. I specifically looked it up for you. In the recent provincial qualifier, the Takamara mountain bike race in September, there is only one participant from the Voice of the Night team. It is from the voice of the nightclubs T3 night hoof team. The driver is called Lun and the Mecca girl is called in foam. Seeing Leini slightly fured brows, Suchin said calmly. He's very strong. Very strong. Leini nodded. This guy is the vice captain of Nighhoof, an A-level driver, and his Mecca is a burst type B+ level Mecca. Perhaps before the competition, his Mecca will be promoted to an A-level Mecca. Without a doubt, he is considered an elite driver in Knight's voice. Ha, elite troops, huh? Suchin narrowed his eyes and sneered. I'm going to take down the elite. He wants to ensure that none of the drivers from the Nightvoice T3 team can participate in the provincial competition. Chapter 123. Who really thinks who is better? Such Chen. Although the strength of the night voice youth training team is average, this knight hoof, don't underestimate him just because he is only 83, his actual level is still very good. When Leini heard Suchin say that, she thought Suchin regarded Luen and Infong as opponents like the youth training team. Admittedly, the youth training team is the reserve force for the Night Voice professional team. However, it takes up to a year to go from the youth training team to officially joining the Night Voice and then becoming a professional driver. Those who made it into the Night Voice professional racing team that year after undergoing rigorous selection and testing all possessed exceptional skills. Seeing that Such Chin was just staring at Queen on the detector without saying anything, she continued, "Lusen Mecca Girl is an explosive type Mecca Girl with excellent attributes. They have training models from the Night Voices professional track analysis team, so they are certainly very familiar with the Takomar Mountain track. Now, if you want to take a gamble, you'd better get a burst type Mecca girl. Leini is not optimistic about Queen S performance. The reason is simple. The Thunderar emblem burst type Mecca Girl is the most expensive among all Mecca Girls, followed by the Flame Star Emblem speed type. Among them, the support type Mecca girl with the radiant star emblem is the cheapest because unless these Mecca girls are top tier Mecca girls or if they are lucky enough to awaken special skills after reaching Srank, their attributes will be very mediocre compared to Mecca girls of the same rank. As for what Shing is all about, Leini is not quite sure. If Suchin had had the money back then, he probably wouldn't have chosen a support type Mecca girl as his first unit. Suchin has participated in very few competitions so far, and the total prize money is less than 1 million. Judging from Such Chen's daily life, he doesn't seem to be a wealthy person. Therefore, this Mecca girl is most likely not an explosive type. Suchin simply doesn't have the channels or conditions to get an excellent explosive type Mecca girl. She speculated that Queen like Star Dream was probably just a support character. As for why Suchin chose Queen, maybe it's because it looks good. The queen's appearance and temperament are so perfect that even she, a woman, is captivated. Queen is a burst type Mecca girl. Suchin waited silently for Leini to finish speaking before finally replying. What? Leini was stunned. Just as she was about to speak, Noah came out of the modification room with a document in her hand. Suchin boss, is that queen? Her test results are in. Noah couldn't hide her surprise, looking at Suchin with a strange expression. This is a B+ grade Mecca girl whose attributes can be upgraded to a grade at any time as long as there are materials. In addition, she is a burst type Mecca girl with burst and speed attributes reaching 86 and 80 respectively, which is quite terrifying. After Noah finished speaking, she looked at Suchin and said, "Wow, Such Chin, where did you get such a powerful Mecca girl? And even though you already have your first Mecca girl, she's still so devoted to you." Suchin smiled slightly. You don't understand my personal charm, and you can't learn it. No, the Yini's lips twitched slightly. If personal charm could make a Mecca girl devoted to you, then the spiritual contract between pilots and Mecca girls wouldn't be so difficult in this world. Although it was surprising, no matter what, it was indeed a good thing that Sin had such a powerful explosive Mecca girl. Queen and Star Dream will take turns fighting, giving both Mecca girls time to breathe and allowing them to be more flexible in the competition. If all goes well, Suchin should be able to participate in five provincial qualifiers and might even manage to get all the individual points. At this point, Queen had already stepped off the detector. She stood beside Shing Ming with some trepidation. She didn't know how well she was performing or whether she could help Such Chin in the competition. Anyway, I hit a wall last night. If she has exceptional abilities, she shouldn't have encountered this situation of hitting a wall. Queen, your performance is excellent. Leini glanced at the test report, her eyes filled with amazement. This performance is definitely good enough to participate in the provincial preliminary competition. I can register you right now, however." Leini glanced at Shing, who was grinning foolishly beside Queen and still happy that Queen could participate, and asked Zuchin, "Your first Mecca girl, Shing Ming, can also participate. Are you sure you want Queen to participate?" Generally speaking, the first released Mecca Girl has the first right to participate in the competition compared to the second released Mecca Girl. After all, it's first come, first served. Although which Mecca girl participates ultimately depends on the pilot's decision. However, if you don't want conflicts to arise among your Mecca girls, you must pay attention to the starting position of the first Mecca girl. Secondly, the relationships and personalities between the Mecca girls will also have an impact. Suchin patted Shings head, his eyes filled with guilt. Shing must have been looking forward to the provincial qualifiers for a long time, but now she has to give up the opportunity. She must feel a little uncomfortable, right? Mas, you and Queen have to participate in the first preliminary round. Shing Ming seemed to see the apology in Such Chen's eyes. She tightened her pretty face and said with a bit of seriousness, "Queen must participate in this competition, and it has to be her. Why do you say that?" Suchin was taken aback because there are people from the voice of the night group in this match. Shing clenched her fist. Mass. We're going to show the voice of the night group that without their influence, Queen can not only restart, but she'll be even stronger than before. Suchin chuckled as he looked at Shings cheeks puffed out in anger as she pressed her face against the airplane's ear. He pinched Shings soft, pretty face and teased her on purpose. What if there are people from the voice of the night in the next four qualifiers? Huh? Shing Ming was taken aback, clearly not having considered this question before. According to her, if the qualifiers all featured the Voice of the Night, wouldn't it mean that Queen would be the only one to perform and she wouldn't have a chance? I'm so glad that Queen was able to personally defeat the contestant from Voice of the Night, but she also wanted to participate. Sister Shing Ming, you'll participate in the first preliminary round. Queen squeezed Shing Mings little hand and said with a smile, "Anyway, we're both contestants who defeated the voice of the night, so either of us can go." "No way." Shing Ming shook her head repeatedly. Queen must eat the first bite of meat. She scratched her head, pondered for a while, and then suddenly her eyes lit up. mass. In the first match, Queen gave the Knights Voice contestants a taste of their own medicine. Then, in the next match, we'll step in to help Queen get revenge. That's what we call taking turns slapping them in the face. All right, let's start our taking turns slapping each other in the face plan. Suchin nodded in agreement with Shing Mangs words. Actually, he already knew what was going on. Queen will compete first, followed by Star Dream. This pattern will continue if there are no special tracks in the provincial qualifiers. The provincial qualifiers allow for mid-ra changes of Mecca girls, providing more options depending on the track. We'll debut Star Dream then. The next track will be Queen. Leini and Noli looked at Shing Ming and Queen who were calling each other sisters with completely bewildered expressions. In Mecca Girls, the stronger one is usually called older sister. It has nothing to do with age or whether someone is a starter. So these two Mecca girls, who thinks who is more capable? Chapter 124. Are you serious? After registering Queen's information, Suchin didn't rush to leave with the two Mecca girls. He went to the modification room and found Noah engrossed in studying modeling. Recently, retractable rearwing modification cores have stirred up a storm in the modification and racing circles. Suchin had already brushed up on a lot of modeler knowledge and memorized many data nodes and modeling data matrices. It's immediately obvious that Noah is tinkering with basic modules related to the tail wing. He wondered to himself if they were trying to figure out how to develop a retractable tail fin. Although Noah didn't look up, it seemed like she saw Suchin. As soon as Suchin entered, she chuckled mischievously. Hey, brother Chin. Aren't you going back to your life of having women on both sides? Need me to recommend some aphrodesiac? My friend sells it. It works amazingly well. Almost no side effects. He he dash. Suchin. Give me your friend green bubble. Suchin said taking out his phone. You might need it sometime. Wow. Norah's mouth gaped open as she looked at Suchin in surprise as if to say, "Are you serious? You You really want to?" "Yes." Suchin nodded. He had a premonition that he would develop kidney deficiency in the future, so it was always good to prepare in advance. Norah's lips twitched, and she actually found someone's green bubble and pushed it to Suchin. Suchin glanced at the person's profile picture, which showed a mischievous cat holding up Indian herbal oil. The profile picture looks like that of a middle-aged, sleazy, fat uncle, so it's quite reasonable for him to sell aphrodesiac products. By the way, I have two questions for you. Suchin put his phone away with satisfaction. Queen and Star Dream are already B rank Mecca Girls and are about to be promoted to a rank Mecca girls. What materials do they need this time? Also, I want to open a modification shop. Where would be a good place to open it? Ideally, you would know of any modification shops for sale. Norah said she could understand the previous questions. The following questions. She stared at Such Chin with a bewildered expression. Wait, brother Chin, are you drunk? Why would a race car driver like you open a modification shop? Also, you can't open a modification shop without a modification certificate. No matter how big or luxurious your shop is, no one will buy your stuff. Suchin paused for a moment, then slammed his D-Level modification technician certificate on the table. Even if you give me your ID card. Upon seeing the name on the certificate, Noah's eyes widened in disbelief. No, Brother Chin, you really can run a shop. Otherwise, what? Suchin shrugged. If I didn't have the qualifications to open a shop, why would I be asking you these questions? Noah took the car modification certificate and looked at it a few more times to calm herself down. However, he focused his energy in his dantion and suddenly roared outwards. Boss, something terrible has happened. Suchin is a modifier. Suchin. Suchin, I didn't expect you to be a modifier. Inside the modification room, Su Chin was surrounded by Li Yini, Yuming, and Hang Shiruan. The looks that Yuming and Huang Shiruin gave each other were incredibly complicated. Being a driver is already tough enough for them, but some of them managed to get a car modification technician certificate on the side while working as drivers. How is this any different from those weirdos who played video games all day, but still got top grades in their grade when they were kids? I thought that becoming an adult would free me from the shadows of my childhood. But I never imagined that these shadows would cling to me like maggots, still following me around. Leini looked at Suchin as if he were a rare treasure, but she still kindly reminded him. Modifiers and drivers are both very energy-consuming, so I still hope you don't put too much energy into modifications. I won't go into details. We're all adults. I believe you know what I'm talking about. Suchin nodded. Of course, I want to open a car modification shop to make some money. I don't plan to delve too deeply into this area. I'll let things take their natural course. So, Suchin, the core component for that retractable tail wing modification wouldn't happen to be you, would it? Yuming stared longingly at Suchin. If his conjecture is true, wouldn't that mean that Shadowchaser would also have a chance to use that mysterious modification core? How could that be? I'm just a D-Level modifier. Suchin shook his head, saying without batting an eye. I don't have the capability to create this kind of retractable tail wing modification core. This is my master's product. Then your master? He has already left the China region, Suchin said, leaving no room for error. I see. Yuming sighed. Suchin saw the disappointment and regret in everyone's eyes, but remained silent. It wasn't that he didn't trust Leini and Yuming. Before one's wings are fully grown, it is only beneficial to conceal one's talents. How do you explain his future use of the elevating tail fin to modify the core for his Mecca girls? That's simple. Just say it was sent by his master from another country. Even if he opened his own modification shop, he wouldn't stock this kind of retractable tail wing modification core. Only white and a small number of green modification cores will be available according to the standards of a D-LE modifier, but their attributes will definitely be topnotch. After all, the only way for him to compete with other established modification shops is through superior quality. If you just want to make some money, we at Northern Wolf T2 do have an abandoned modification shop that we can lend you. Leini stroked her chin and pondered for a moment. Well, if you have any concerns, we can transfer it to you. Money is not a problem. You can write an IOU first and pay it back slowly later. Anyway, the shop belongs to Noer. Suchin looked at Noer. Noer stuck out his tongue and chuckled. There are a few other modification shops around that store. They can't compete with the competition and have to close down. They can't make a lot of money, but they can still make a little. If you want it, I can sell it to you cheaply. I bought it for 1.5 million, but I'll give it to you for 500,000. So much cheaper. Suchin was stunned. That's a 70% discount. If he hadn't known Noah a little, he would have suspected it was a scam. Yeah, money's no object. Noah waved his hand casually, looking all rich and powerful. Such Chin, don't underestimate Noah just because she's young. She's a little rich girl. Leini put her arm around Noah's shoulder and said with a smile, "This girl isn't a contracted modifier for Northern Wolves. If we hadn't grown up together, she wouldn't have come to help me. Northern Wolves would have to spend a lot of money just to hire a modifier of her level for a year. I see. then I'll accept the offer without hesitation. Suchin felt a little guilty. After all, he had previously lied to everyone, saying that he didn't make the retractable tail wing. Now, instead of being helped and trusted, everyone is giving me this much help. I'm a little flattered, but there's no other way. Some secrets, if not kept, are simply courting disaster and could even have a negative impact on the northern wolves. I'll take you to see the shop when I'm done with my work. Noah leaned back in his chair and continued. As for the materials needed to upgrade a B- rank mecha girl to an A- rank Mecca girl, that requires a mid-level star element. You can only obtain them from provincial qualifiers and auctions. At auctions, the price of intermediate level star coins is generally around 1 million, but the price varies greatly depending on the type of Mecca girl. The cheapest one is the Radiant Star emblem intermediate star coin, which costs 800,000 to 900,000. The most expensive are the mid-level Star Element tokens of thunder and flowing flame star emblems, starting at 3 million and sometimes fetching over 5 million. So expensive, Such Chen's vision went black. He originally intended to solve the material problem for Queen's promotion to Alevel by reselling. It seems that this might be difficult now. Selling excessively large modified cores or reselling them too many times can easily arouse suspicion. After all, he's just a D-Level modifier. It is indeed very expensive, so you should focus on winning the provincial qualifying race. After speaking, Noah refocused her attention on the data matrix she was working on. Seeing that Noah needed to work, Liini and Yuming silently left. Shing Ming and Queen came in and sat down with Such Chin on either side to wait. This wait lasted for more than two hours. The sunlight outside the window gradually slanted. Such Chin looked at Noah, who was frowning, and wondered if things would continue like this until the end of time. As a technician himself, he knew very well that a technician who was engrossed in something would not pay attention to the passage of time. "Um, Noer, girl, don't interrupt." Norah growled fiercely, unusually so. Suchin was startled by that cute yet fierce look. But it was almost dinner time. He still mustered up the courage to go over and glance at the half-finished basic module that Norah was fiddling with. If I'm not mistaken, Noral is overcoming the first major hurdle and modifying the core of the elevating tail wing. How to create a pop-up structure. Creating a non-cortail fin model directly is undoubtedly very simple. However, depicting it using data nodes and data matrices is extremely difficult. It's like drawing a horse is easy, but piecing together a bunch of fragmented bones, organs, blood vessels, hair, etc. into a horse and giving that horse life and soul is very difficult. Suchin looked at it for a while, then pointed to the basic module in Nor's hand. Why don't you try using data matrix number 13675 with the alpha 3 node? You might be surprised by the results. For him, piecing together a live horse was incredibly easy. Now, let me give Noah a heads up as a way of repaying the kindness of Noah for practically giving away the tuning shop for free. Chapter 125. It's for you. Noah was taken aback by Such Chen's words. I subconsciously tried to match them up in my mind only to find that they were two data matrices and nodes that had been verified in history. These two combinations are completely incompatible. So, she didn't even consider them. It's like how anyone with eyes can see that 1 plus 1 equals 2, but who would bother to verify that 1 + 1 equals 3. But then I remembered that Suchin was also a car modification maker. Although his suggestions weren't great, he's still a talented junior. As a senior, constant criticism will only undermine the confidence of juniors. It's better to give them some face. Okay, I'll try what you said. No, not it. Modeling the basic modules is a rather complex project. It can be understood as building a circuit diagram. The basic modules are the circuit boards and the nodes and data matrices are the densely packed circuits and electronic components on them. The research on the elevator tail fin involves adding new nodes and data matrices to the original basic aerodynamic kit module model. This process is like crossing a river by feeling for stones. If there is even the slightest mismatch, the entire model will collapse. Prior to this, the basic module had crashed tens of thousands of times with problems arising in various ways. Such Chin, you need to study those materials I gave you carefully. Didn't your master leave the Chinese region? Norah pointed at Suchin while using star energy to draw the model. The materials I gave you are the latest information that integrates the experience of all the modests in the Chinese region. After you finish reading them, I guarantee you won't make any more basic mistakes in the future. For example, Noah's voice abruptly stopped. She stared blankly at the model in her hand. After connecting the data matrix and nodes that Suchin mentioned, the modeling that had been crashing was now completely stable. It's been revitalized. This one step alone can revitalize the business. She was just about to say that connecting data matrix 13675 to the alpha 3 node was a basic mistake because alpha type 3 nodes are generally used in engine modeling and building. Furthermore, data matrix number 13675 is related to the vehicle structure of the Mecca girl. These two have absolutely nothing to do with their kit modeling. Suchin, how did you know? Noah looked at the model in his hand for a while, then at Such Chen's innocent face, dumbfounded. I glanced at it a few times when my master was making the core for the retractable tail wing modification, and I remembered it. Suchin said without blushing or skipping a beat. When it comes to lying, Sue is a master. Back then, he could come up with a thousand reasons not to come to work, and his department head couldn't do anything about it. Then, do you remember any other details? Noah tugged at Suchan sleeve, gazing at him expectantly. Modeling at this point is only the first step. Many more steps I needed. I don't remember for now. Suchin shook his head. Temporary. Yes, I need to think about it carefully. Suchin spread his hands. As you know, modeling is a complicated thing. There are too many details to pay attention to, and there can't be any mistakes. I've only seen my master make a retractable tail wing once and I can't recall all the details right now. Norah was somewhat disappointed upon hearing this. However, she is also a content person. Regardless, the first step in creating the core components for the retractable tail wing modification has been taken. The beginning is always the hardest. She believed that as long as she took the first step, even if Suchin didn't remember the details of the production, she would be able to make the core of the elevating tail wing modification on her own. Thank you so much for today. Without you, I might never have been able to connect these two nodes and the data matrix in my entire life. No picked up the keys on the table and waved. Come on, I'll take you to see the modification shop. The car modification shop that Noah mentioned is located in a commercial area on South Street, the most bustling street in Shanghai. Only after arriving did Suchin truly understand what it meant to be surrounded by enemies. The shop is located in the middle of a fan-shaped square. To the left is Good Modification, to the right is Modification King, and across the street is Oldly Professional Modification. The three modification shops form a triangular encirclement around Norah's modification shop. I'm surrounded on all sides. Norah sighed, took out her key, and opened the door. That's why my shop can't stay open. Don't be fooled by the names of these three shops. They all have A-level modifiers and good reputations. Given similar product quality, buyers can choose any of our four modification shops. I'm often not in the shop because I'm helping out with Sister Yini's car fleet. So, even though I had some regular customers, they gradually stopped coming because my shop was closed. Later, most of the buyers who came here bought from the other three shops and my shop became deserted. Suchin and the two Mecca girls followed Noah into the store. "Wow," Shing Ming exclaimed as soon as she entered the door. "It's huge." The queen didn't seem to react much. perhaps because she had no concept of it or had seen something even bigger. It was indeed very large. Suchin was secretly shocked as he looked at the store, which was at least 300 square m. This shop is definitely worth more than 1.5 million. After all, it's in a bustling commercial area. Business is good and every inch of land is valuable. However, this commercial area is very new, probably developed in the last few years. If Norley had bought the shop before the commercial area was developed, then 1.5 million would have been about right. The entire store has a retro and minimalist decor style. The gray and burgundy wallpaper, marble floor tiles, and high transparency glass display cases all perfectly match Such Chen's aesthetic. This is how a car modification shop should be. It's not a place that sells women's clothing and cosmetics, so there's no need to be flashy. How's my custom shop? Not bad, right? Hearing Shimings exclamation, Noah's lips curled into a smug smile. This is just one of my customization shops. There are even bigger ones out there. Wow, Sister Noah is amazing. In terms of emotional value, Star Dream has always been top-notch. Noah's lips curled into a wide smile. She was clearly overjoyed. It's really quite good. Suchin nodded then hesitated. But such a good store. You really only want 500,000 to transfer it to me. No need for 500,000. Noah took out the transfer contract she had prepared beforehand. You helped me solve a huge problem and the value of this problem alone is no less than 500,000. So I'll give you this store directly. You can just sign here. She pointed to a corner of the transfer agreement. Just give it to me directly. Suchin scratched his head. Wouldn't that be inappropriate? What's wrong with that? Noah waved her hand dismissively. Can't you, a grown man, just be straightforward? If you really want to thank me, think carefully about the details your master paid when he made the core for the retractable tail wing modification. Chapter 126. Boss, don't close the door. For knower, she simply gave away one of her worst performing stores. But for Suchin, this store, which could be sold for four or 5 million yan, was a godsend. However, I want to open a store. These timely measures are not enough. Since they're already shameless enough, they might as well push their luck even further. Um, no, Suchin said with an awkward smile. I don't have the money to buy basic materials right now, so there's still plenty in the basic material stores warehouse. Noah rolled his eyes and crossed his arms. "You can take those materials. They're what I used to practice with. But you can only make some white and green modification cores." "That's enough," Suchin said gratefully. "If Noah were a buddy, he'd call him Godfather. Now he has the certificate, the shop, and the initial resources. If he can't make this shop work, he might as well find a place to bury himself as soon as possible. All right, I'm off. Noah was in a hurry to get back to continue studying the core of the retractable tail wing modification. But before leaving, he still gave a good reminder. The owners of the two shops next door are pretty nice, but be careful of oldly across the street. That guy is no pushover. Noah left in a flurry. Suchin glanced at the store across the street. The store was clearly not as upscale as Nor Girls, but the sign at the entrance was huge with all sorts of exaggerated advertising slogans and some services that looked very affordable but were actually just scams. For example, drawing blind boxes containing modified cores, etc. Not someone to be trifled with. He That's good because he's not exactly an easy person to deal with either. Suchin spent the next three days at the modification shop. The modification shop's name has been changed to can change anything. The name isn't great, but it's simple, easy to understand, and down to earth, and it really can change anything. The owners of several modification shops around, including Old Across the Street, all knew who he was. However, after finding out that he was just a DLE modifier, the owner's eyes became noticeably more friendly towards him. There was a hint of mockery in Old Le's eyes. However, Suchin didn't care about any of this. In 3 days, he crafted 31 modification cores, using up all the materials Noah had left in the warehouse. Although they were all white and green quality modification cores, he finally made the shop look presentable. Otherwise, if there's nothing in the display case, it won't be very convincing, right? Phew. We can finally open for business. Suchin sat behind the counter, placed the last modification core into the display case, and let out a long breath. Shing Ming, go open the store. Starting today, our modification shop will officially welcome customers. Meow. Shing Ming cheered, trotting over to open the shop door and hanged the open for business sign outside. Then she trotted back, looking at Suchin with adoration. Mass, after we open, won't we become very rich soon? Ah, that's natural. Suchin patted Shings head, his eyes filled with memories. Back when he was the chief modifier on Earth, when did he ever worry about money? He not only received a salary but racers also rushed to give him money just so he could make some minor adjustments to the race car. One minor adjustment and millions are in hand. At that time money was just a number to him. This is still the result of him not seriously trying to make money. This was the first time he had ever worked so hard to earn money since he came into this world. Wouldn't the money just come rolling in like a tidal wave? With this thought in mind, Such Chin felt a surge of pride. Shing Ming Queen, you two stand at the store entrance and greet every customer who comes in with a welcome. Whether they buy anything or not, our service quality must be impeccable. Shing Ming and Queen immediately went to the door to wait. However, an afternoon passed. The guest Suchin mentioned never appeared. Maybe it's too hot in the afternoon, so no one is out shopping. Suchin made up an excuse for himself, telling Shing Ming and Queen not to wait at the door anymore and to do whatever they wanted. It's past lunchtime. As dusk fell, the afternoon heat subsided. A cool evening breeze was blowing and a commercial area was getting busier. But still, no one visited his store. Meanwhile, Old Lee, who specializes in car modifications, has quite a few customers in the afternoon. At this moment, the entrance was bustling with people. In this world, racers often take their Mecca girls to custom shops when they have free time. Just like a girl going shopping. Whether or not you buy clothes is secondary. Just browsing in stores and looking on with envy and then looking forward to the future when you see something you like but can't afford. That's how you get motivated, isn't it? Why? Suchin couldn't understand. He had checked out all the nearby car modification shops. Compared to others, his renovation is definitely the best. Why doesn't anyone come to my shop to buy modification cores? Suchin leaned on the counter, his face full of worry. He used to console himself that the shop looked too shabby because it had no business in that corner. Now that they've moved to such a nice shop, they still have no business. Then we need to look for the problem within ourselves. Maybe I'm just not cut out to run a shop. Moss, don't think like that. Shing Ming rested her pretty face on Such Chen's shoulder, tilting her head, her smooth silvery white hair cascading down her arm, her big eyes reflecting Su Chen's profile. Everything is difficult at the beginning. We have just opened, so it is normal that we do not have any customers because nobody knows Master's capabilities. By the time they do, they'll be lining up to have you modify their cars. Yes, Master Queen placed her hands on Such Chen's shoulders and gently massaged them, comforting him in a warm voice. In my heart, you are the most skilled modifier. If they don't buy your modifier cores, it's because they don't know their stuff. I was feeling a little upset at first. But after being comforted by the two Mecca girls, Suchin suddenly felt that it wasn't a big deal. Perhaps he was too hasty. Or perhaps his life in his previous life was too smooth. The reason why countless people begged him to make a transformation was because he already had enough fame back then. He has gotten used to this kind of life. He has no fame in this world now and he feels out of place. He cannot face this failure with the same mindset as before. here. He is just getting started. Let's close for today. Suchin quickly adjusted his mindset. Let's go back and have dinner first. Tonight, I'll work on a good idea for an attractive event. If we can sell even one modification core, it will be a success. He is confident. Thanks to the superior quality of his modified core components. You can build a good reputation just by selling one unit. One tells 10, 10 tell 100. He'll never lack customers. Good dowo. Shing ran to the door with a clattering sound. They were about to take down the open for business sign and closed the shop. Out of the corner of my eye, I caught two figures rushing over past the square fountain. One of the figures looked somewhat familiar. Don't close the door. A girl's voice rang out. Boss, don't close the door yet. Chapter 127. Earning money through tears and blood. Shing Ming examined it carefully. I finally remembered who the Mecca girl who came with the girl was. It's a golden falcon. The Mecca girl who had previously followed Wuing but later broke off her verbal contract with her. The one who came with Jean Jun seems to be Jean Juns pilot. Was it a newly signed contract? The girl who ran up had short flax and hair, wheat colored skin, and some freckles on her face. She was wearing a tracksuit and gave off a very energetic vibe. She rushed to Shing's side, pressed her knees, and let out a heavy sigh of relief. "Great, we finally made it. If you had closed down, we might not have been able to buy the modification course." Shing Ming glanced at the girl, then blinked at the golden falcon behind her. Jin Jun also saw Shing Ming. We were quite far apart, so I wasn't sure. Now she was finally certain that the Mecca girl with soft cat ears and long snow white hair was none other than her former colleague. After all, they had worked for the same boss. However, compared to before, Shing Mang has changed a lot. Shing Ming used to always keep her head down, looking timid and hesitant. Now, not only has she lost that timid feeling she once had, but her complexion has also improved significantly. She also possesses a unique charm that's hard to describe. It seems that just looking at her can lift your spirits. Jin Jun knew that Shing Mang was more confident than before. Because of confidence, one's unique temperament naturally shines through. However, Jean Jun wasn't particularly envious because now she has found a driver who suits her. Star dream, long time no see. She smiled slightly at the chattered girl. Wow, it really is you, Jean Jun. Shing Mang Zahog stood up and she scratched her head sheepishly. It looks like you from a distance, but I didn't quite realize it yet. He and Jin Jun didn't actually have much interaction. However, there is not much need for the Mecca girls to have contact with each other. Even if you only meet once, you can chat naturally the next time you meet. Huh? You two actually know each other? Chenming, the pilot of Jean Falcon, was completely bewildered. She didn't expect to run into Jean Falcon's friend while bringing her own Mecca girl to the modification shop. Then, the girl in front of me must not be the boss. Chinming looked at Shing Ming again and couldn't help but marvel at how beautiful the Mecca girl was. Those twitching cat ears and swaying cat tail look so real. Is she a catgirl specialized Mecca girl? She truly lives up to her reputation for being beautiful. No wonder that even though her catgirl specialized attributes are average, she can still fetch a higher price than other mecha girls of the same class at auctions. Are you also here to buy modification cores? Chinming took two steps closer and asked Shing Mang in a very familiar manner. No, it's not meow. Shing Ming shook her head and said, "This car modification shop is owned by my master. I'm a waitress and part-time lucky cat at master's shop." As she spoke, Shing Ming made a beckoning cat gesture. "Wow, so cute." Chinming felt her girish heart melting. She gazed longingly at Shing Mings cat ears and pleaded, "Can I patch your head?" "No." Shing Ming took a step back and crossed her arms in front of her chest. The issue of whether or not it's permissible to touch is a very serious matter. With a tense expression, she squinted wearily and said, "Only Moss and Queen can touch this cat. Nobody else is allowed to touch it." "Oh, okay." Chenm said with some regret. Then it suddenly dawned on her. The modification shop was opened by the master of this catgirl specialized mecha girl, which means that the shop owner is not only a modifier, but also a pilot. Can these two professions really be pursued simultaneously? Just as she was still in a days, a voice came from inside the store. Star dream, do we have guests? Oh, right. Meow. Shing Ming grabbed Chin Mang and Jin Juns hands and dragged them into the store. while shouting into the store, "Master, come out quickly. We have a customer." She was terrified that the two of them would run away, so she gripped their hands tightly. Chin Mangs face turned red from being pinched, and she thought to herself that this catgirl's special type was quite powerful. A guest has arrived. Such Chin was taken aback. He instantly appeared at the doorway, sporting a service style fake smile he practiced for 2 and 1/2 years. Fake yet genuinely friendly. Please come in, gentlemen. Our modification centers are absolutely the best in the entire commercial district. You've come to the right place. Take your pick, please. The beginning is always the hardest. He absolutely has to sell a modified core today. And these two are the opportunity. He was also taken aback when he saw Jean Jun. Oh, there's an acquaintance here. We're not actually that close. However, Jin Jun greatly admired Wongqinging courage in defending her rights against the persecution. Um, Chenming was a little flustered by Such Chen's enthusiastic manner. Are you the owner here or are you a driver? Right. It doesn't say that drivers can't be modifiers, right? Suchin pointed to the modifiers certificate hanging on the wall. Look, I have a certificate. Shinm glanced at the certificate on the wall. grade D. Just like those bosses said. Now all we can do is hope that when we state our demands, this DLE modifier boss won't suddenly change his expression and let us go. What type of modification core do you want to buy? I can recommend one to you. I Chinm looked at Suchin nervously, took a deep breath, and said, "I need a modification core that is not expensive, under 50,000 reincarnation, yuan, that can improve speed, and whose negative attributes are mainly instability and endurance. It would be best if it were of green quality. Do you have any?" Her voice grew softer and softer as she spoke. They seemed to know that their demands were a bit excessive. Such a modification core does exist. But it's absolutely impossible for it to sell for 50,000 yuan. It's still possible to buy a small top tier white modified core for 50,000 y. Buying a green modification core is still a bit of a stretch. Even so, other stores had small highquality white custom cores that met her requirements, but the owners were unwilling to sell them to her for 50,000 yuan. With the provincial preliminary rounds approaching, many pilots are replacing the modification cores for their Mecca girls, and the price of modification cores has now skyrocketed. The rare items that used to cost 50,000 yuan are now unaffordable. "Yes, we have bags." Suchin smiled and led Shinang to a display case at the back of the store. The display case is full of green quality modification cores, a total of 12 models. Three of these meet your requirements. Suchin took out the three modification cores and arranged them in a row on the display case. Here, all three are called green arrow. One speed increased by five points, stability decreased by two points, and endurance decreased by one point. As for the selling price, not 100,000, not 50,000, just 49,999. You won't lose out if you buy it for 49,999. You won't be cheated if you buy it for $49,999. For less than 50,000, you can take home a top quality eco-friendly modification core. As the boss explained everything step by step, Chinms eyes lit up as she looked at the three modification cores on the display case. Suchin standing to the side also had his eyes shining. The name was just chosen. The price has just been set. The cost is less than 10,000. Earned it with tears in my eyes. Chapter 128. 50,000 in total. The entire transaction process was very pleasant. It can be said that both the host and guests had a great time. I never thought I could buy such a good modification core for 50,000 recycle. Yan. Chinm looked at the package modification core and was still a little incredulous. She is going to participate in a training match soon. The champion will receive a basic star coin sponsored by the competition organizers. For this resource, she planned to spend all her savings on a modification core for the Golden Falcon. Taking a gamble, even if she failed, it wouldn't matter since the modification core she bought wouldn't disappear. After spending the whole morning shopping, she still couldn't find what she wanted in more than a dozen modification shops. Or the price is unacceptable. This place, which can be changed into anything, is our last hope. She made it just as the door was closing. As it turned out, her hopes were not disappointed. Our store's principle is to only earn what we should earn, Suchin said with a smile. To put it bluntly, while other stores are charging exorbitant markups, we can modify anything but still adhere to the principle of only earning a fee for the labor. This way, not only will drivers be able to buy the necessary modification components, but our store's reputation will also be built up quickly. Then, with low profit margins and high sales volume, we won't earn less than other stores. I see. Chinm looked at Such Chin with admiration. It's because the driver understands the driver's needs better. There aren't many bosses with such a conscience as you anymore. What's the use of having a conscience? Suchin said against his conscience. Even if we have a conscience, our shop won't have much business. I'll introduce you to some business. Chenm said immediately. I have a few classmates who are also worried about modifying the core. They're all recent graduates and can't afford anything too fancy, so they're just looking for something suitable in white or green. I'll recommend your store to them when I get back. Thank you very much, then. Suchin appeared calm on the surface, but he was actually overjoyed inside. Isn't this the effect we wanted? However, he still has a problem. Miss Chen, I'd like to know how you suddenly found our shop. Judging from your appearance, you must have been to many modification shops. Our shop's decor is so nice. Why didn't you come to our shop first? Faced with Su Chens question, Chenming blushed slightly and said awkwardly, "Boss Sue, actually, I saw your store when I first entered the commercial street, but your store is decorated so nicely that it gave me the feeling that even if I went in, I couldn't afford to buy anything." The reason we came back is because Mr. The owner across the street said, "If you want to collect junk, go across the street. It's a shop run by a D-Level car modification mechanic. They have tons of junk there. He doesn't sell junk here." Chinming was still a little angry at this point, pouting indignantly. "The modification cores he sells are so expensive. A green quality modification core with acceleration attribute costs 100,000 and its performance is not as good as yours which costs 50,000. He even said yours is garbage. I think the ones he treasures are the real garbage. Suchen's smile froze. No wonder there's no business. Damn it. He thought he wasn't suited to be a boss. It turns out the store was too high-end and people were afraid to come in and some competitors are stirring up trouble. Perhaps many customers are planning to browse his shop. Upon hearing that the store was full of garbage, who would waste their time coming here? Only someone like Chinm who was desperate would come and give it a try. But is someone like Chinm 1 in 10,000? You're saying my core modification techniques are garbage, huh? Fine, fine, fine. Such chin sneered inwardly. It seems like it's time to use some business tactics so that the owners of the surrounding shops wouldn't think that he Su was made of clay. No sooner had Chin Mang and Jin Jun left than Su Chin said to Shing Ming, Lau, I'm giving you a task. Smash up the store. Smash the store. Shing Ming, who was happily counting her money, was stunned and said blankly, Mass, you don't want to continue running the store. Meow. But we've already made our first sum of money and we'll make more and more money in the future. Do you want to make a lot of money? Suchin asked. Shing Ming nodded. I want to then go smash up the shop. Oh, okay. Meow. Shing Ming dashed into the warehouse, grabbed a big hammer, and then ran out again. Boom. Dash. Click. Bang. A series of smashing sounds left the owners of several nearby shops bewildered. The once grand shops sign was smashed to pieces by Shing with a large iron hammer. The sign, which can be altered in any way, is half hanging in the air and half still on the storefront with the tiles behind it all smashed. Suchin came out and took a look. H, not bad. It has a bit of a World War II battle damage style to it. That's all for now for the next couple of days. Once we have some money from selling the core components, we'll hire a construction team to do a special design. Hey, all done smashing. Meow. Shing, holding the hammer in both hands, leaned closer and peered into Such Chen's eyes. Hey, where's the big money? What money? Suchin asked puzzled. Didn't you say that you'd make a lot of money if you smashed it? Suchin? He pinched Chimings cheek speechlessly inside. The money hasn't arrived yet. It'll be a few days. Shing nodded. Meow. Then tell the person who's delivering the money to come quickly. Meow. Shing Ming wants to see big money. Suchin chuckled to himself. He gestured to Shing Ming and Queen to bring out one of the display cases in the store. Then they took out the modification core and stuffed it half-hazardly into the display case without paying any attention to how it was arranged. It was just like a roadside stall selling slippers where everything was piled up randomly. Then they hung a large loudspeaker on the display case. It contains the audio that suit recorded himself. Come, come, come and take a look. Everything in the store is 50,000 yuan. Every single item is 50,000 yuan. Pick whatever you like. You won't lose out with 50,000 yuan. You won't be cheated with 50,000 yuan. Any modification to the core components will cost 50,000 yuan. The loudspeaker was very loud. During the recording, Suchin basically shouted at the top of his lungs. He used to live a life where he made millions every minute. And now he's going all out to integrate directly into society. Instantly, Such Chin's voice, aided by the loudspeaker, resounded throughout the entire square, penetrating the flow of people. Coupled with Shings previous vandalism, it instantly attracted the attention of all passers by. Whether they were pilots or Mecca girls, everyone was drawn to Su Chen's actions. Even the pilots and Mecca girls who were still selecting modification cores in the nearby shops stopped looking and decided to come and see what was going on. Seeing that the customers had been drawn away, several shop owners immediately came out to check the situation. Hearing the outrageous advertising slogan, I was instantly dumbfounded. In front of Lai Lei's professional car modification shop, the middle-aged owner, surnamed Lee, leaned against the glass door, his face showing an unpredictable expression. Are you going to put the good modification cores together with the ordinary ones and attract customers by selling them at a uniform low price? He crossed his arms and snorted coldly. This kind of promotional method is indeed effective. But nobody's stupid. They'll just pick the best modification cores from that pile and buy them. Anyone who buys the rest is an idiot. And those good modification cores have to be priced low to match the promotion. These core products must have been sold at a loss. He's a shrewd guy. He saw through Such Chen's intentions at a glance. First, attract people over. With enough customers, surely one or two idiots will buy the goods, right? Besides, people have a herd mentality. If everyone is buying here, others will also think about buying and trying it out. The modifiable core is different from the gadgets sold at street stalls. This is a monopolistic product that only modifiers can make. Moreover, the high price of the modification core means that it will only be sold to pilots and mecha girls. In addition, while there is a success rate in manufacturing and modifying cores, the cost is uncontrollable. With all these factors combined, this way of selling modified parts is simply courting disaster. He had almost foreseen Such Chen's fate. He brat, just wait until you go bankrupt. Not just anyone can open a car modification shop. Chapter 129. You're the trash boss. Are the core attributes of your white modified car really that good? Damn it. How dare you make such claims about this? Get any organization to test it. If there's a mistake, I'll be bankrupt. Boss, is your top quality green modification core really only 50,000? That's right. They said it would be 50,000 for the whole thing. Every single one of them. How could it be fake? Upon receiving Su Chin's affirmation, the group of pilots and Mecca girls were immediately aruck. Is there really such a good thing? A white aftermarket core with plus4 speed and minus one cornering performance normally costs around 30,000 to 40,000 renb in most tuning shops. However, with the peak racing season underway, the price of aftermarket cores has surged with top tier performance cores now typically costing 70,000 to 80,000 remni. As a result, the store simply tossed this high-performance white custom core into the display case outside like trash, and the price was surprisingly cheap. Boss, do you have a modification technician certificate? The brave are the first to enjoy the world. Some are already itching to do so. Of course, Suchin took out the certificate and showed it to everyone. These modification cores are all handmade by me. They have my authorization and the core signature. You can buy them with confidence. If there are any problems or if the goods are not as described, you can come to me. In reality, there's absolutely no chance of anything going wrong. The modification core and the modification technician's authorization are highly bound together. This thing cannot be swapped out and the data cannot be tampered with. So when Suchin took out his D-Level car modification certificate, the drivers watching didn't hesitate at all. Boss, I want this. The blazing white number one modification core. Boss, I want arrow one. Boss, can I buy two? I'll keep one as a spare. Sorry. Since these are all special offer items, in order to ensure that we can meet the needs of more drivers, each person is limited to one of these modification cores. Suchin waved his hand. It's not that I'm afraid of reselling. After all, once a sales agreement is signed on the spot, the modification core is already authorized and bound. If it's resold to a second person, that person won't be able to use it either. Unless, like last time on the black market, he voluntarily resells them, then there's no problem. The boss is so generous. This is the first time I've met a boss who cares so much about us drivers. Upon hearing this, everyone immediately labeled Such Chin as a great philanthropist since not everyone has the money to buy multiple modification cores. For every one of these modification cores sold, their chances of buying one decrease. All right. All right. Stop pushing. Line up one by one. With the encouragement of Star Dream and Queen, these excited buyers finally agreed to queue up properly. In less than half an hour, all the modified core components in the entire display case were emptied. When Suchin was modifying the core, he made special combinations with all kinds of options to ensure that he could meet the needs of different people. Even if they are not entirely satisfied, the attributes are indeed top-notch. And given the price, these drivers will still pay for it. Some drivers don't actually need a certain modification core that much. But seeing everyone rushing to buy, he followed suit and took out his money as if he would be losing out if he didn't. Even though the display cases were emptied, there was still a group of pilots and female pilots waiting eagerly, waiting for Suchun to bring in new stock. But where would Suchin get any new stock? Faced with the eager looks from the crowd, Suchun could only helplessly spread his hands. These modification cores were just made and we're out of stock. The next batch will probably take three or 4 days. It's a pity, but everyone should go back now. We really are out of stock. Boss Sue, you don't know how to do business. Why don't you stock up on more of such good goods? That's right. Boss Sue, please prepare more stock next time. We'll bring our friends and classmates to buy together. Kenide people have already noticed that Such Chen's shop display cases are completely empty, indicating that he is indeed out of stock. Those who managed to buy the modification core are naturally overjoyed, while those who didn't can only wait a few more days. "Boss, you won't raise the price of the white and green quality modification cores when they're released, will you?" someone asked, raising their hand. "No." Suchin waved his hand. From now on, both white and green quality modification cores will be priced the same. After closing the shop door, Such Chen's service-like smile finally became more genuine. He flicked his finger on the bank card. Ding. The beautiful metallic sound also means a profit of 1.5 million. Of the 1.5 million, 500,000 was used to buy materials for operating the modification shop. The remaining 1 million will be used to buy modification and upgrade materials for Star Dream and Queen. Queen can now be promoted from rank B to rank A. It would be ideal if we could buy a mid-level thunderstar element before the provincial qualifiers. Then try your best to win the provincial preliminary competition and Star Dream will be promoted from B-level to Alevel intermediate radiant star essence which will solve the problem. Sure enough, once we got through the beginning, things went smoothly afterwards. Feeling great. Wow, that's amazing. They actually sold all the modification cores. Meow. Shing Ming clapped her hands happily and hopped around Such Chin, asking, "Did Master make a lot of money? You've struck gold." Seeing Shing Ming staring intently at the bank card in his hand, Suchin held the card up to her eyes and waved it. "Look, there's 1.5 million in there. Wow. Shing Mings eyes lit up even more. The little head swayed from side to side following the movement of Such Chen's hand. She looked at Suchin with admiration, giving him a thumbs up. Moss, you're amazing. Such Chen's lips curled slightly. 1.5 million. back when he was still on Earth, was 1.5 million even a significant amount of money at that time, let alone earning 1.5 million, even if it increased four or five times, he wouldn't have felt much of a difference. But at this moment, feeling Shings adoring gaze and hearing her praise, he actually felt a little elated. Suddenly, he felt that this 1.5 million was even more satisfying than earning 15 million. I've made up my mind. Suchin waved his hand. Let's go out for a big meal together tonight. Yay! Shin grabbed Queen's hand. Queen doesn't have to cook today. Mast made a lot of money. Mast's treating. Such Chin was happy with everyone's situation and closed his doors to visitors. But people's joys and sorrows are not shared. When the smile shifted to Such Chen's face, it meant that someone was no longer able to smile. Hello, Mr. Jean, don't you want the modification core you ordered before? In Lai Le's professional modification shop, the middle-aged owner was on the phone with a dark expression. This is really weird. The buyers who were initially drawn away by the shop across the street never returned. Several of them have already chosen their modification cores and are just waiting to pay for them. We can't just buy the garbage from the other side, can we? What good stuff can you get for 50,000 yuan at this critical juncture? No, I don't want it anymore. The voice on the other end of the phone was icy cold. We've already bought the modification core from that shop that can modify anything, so please don't call me again. What? Mr. Lee was completely dumbfounded. You're really going to buy that pile of junk over there, Mr. Jean? Not to be nosy, but as a pilot, you know better than I how important the modification core is to a Mecca girl. You have to choose the right one, not just settle for something cheap. He offered kind advice. But these words directly enraged the man. A cacophony of roars erupted from the receiver. [ __ ] You're the trash. Everything in your shop is trash. It's expensive and performs poly. Where do you get the nerve to slander Mr. Sue's store. Get lost, you trash. Smack. The call ended. Chapter 130. Overcrowded. How could that be? Mr. Lee muttered to himself as he listened to the busy tone on the phone. A mere D-Level modifier. Aren't all the modification cores he creates just garbage? Why are they selling so well? Is it really just because he shouted out 50,000 for the whole audience? Does a single sentence about 50,000 people have that much power? Unconvinced, he called several other potential buyers, but the replies I got were all the same. I've already bought everything at the store across the street. Moreover, the core components I've modified are better than theirs, and they offer better value for money. Even worse, some people called him Heartless and said he didn't care about the driver. What's there to think about? He's a car mechanic and he only thinks about himself as a car mechanic. The only consolation for Lai was that the buyers who wanted to purchase the blue quality modification cores still continue to buy from him. If these buyers also disappear, won't the business collapse? Something's not right. Lai frowned, pacing back and forth in the shop with his hands behind his back. He glanced every now and then at the shop across the street that had sold out and closed early, thinking to himself. Although DLE modifiers cannot compete with him for the market share of blue modification cores, but it also takes a lot of effort for him to create a blue modified core. I can only do three or four a day at most. White and green are still the best quality options, saving you time and effort. Moreover, the market for blue modified cores is very competitive and the owners of the surrounding shops are not easy to deal with. Unless it's a high performance modified core, buyers will compare prices from several vendors and may not ultimately buy from him. Therefore, the market for white and green retrofitting cannot be ignored. This market is all about having a large user base and a good reputation. Don't underestimate those newly graduated drivers just because they don't have money. Once they start competing and winning prize money, they'll continuously pour money into the tuning shop. Make a good impression on these newbies in the early stages so they recognize your store and you can happily harvest them later. No, I have to go check on him once he opens the door. Lowi squinted. He wanted to see for himself just how high performance the white and green quality modification cores were to steal all his customers. The owners of the other two shops and Lai had similar ideas because right after Suchin moved the loudspeaker and display case out, their store's business was visibly affected. Those buyers who left their store were like meat buns thrown to a dog. They never looked back. Is this meat bun, which can be modified in any way, really that delicious? I don't believe it. The first thing Chin Mang did upon returning to her dorm was to show her roommates the Green Arrow 1 modified core she had just bought. Look, a freshly baked green quality mini boutique. Speed plus 5, stability minus 2, battery life minus one. Isn't that awesome? Chenm's roommates have also been struggling with the issue of modifying the core recently. They are all students who want to give the Mecca girls a good core preparation, assessment, and training competition. Unfortunately, the price of modification cores is rising these days, so their money can only buy some useless junk. Upon hearing that Chinang had found a treasure, they immediately swarmed around her. Wow, that's amazing. Let us see it. Test me with a detector. This is absolutely amazing. He he dashed. Chinm smuggly smuggly posed amidst the envious and jealous gazes of her roommates. Mang Mang, this cor must have cost a lot of money, right? You've become a little rich lady behind our backs. One of her roommates joked. How could that be? Chinm rolled her eyes. Don't you know whether I have money or not? I bought this modification core for 50,000 yuan. 50,000? Everyone looked at each other dumbfounded. This top to green modification core only costs 50,000 yuan. Yeah. Chin Mang understood her roommate's shock. After all, she was also shocked when she found out the price. There's a new shop in the commercial area near our college that can modify anything. Don't be fooled by its luxurious decor. The modification core is really cheap, much cheaper than several other shops nearby. Now, I understand a more luxurious store doesn't necessarily mean more expensive products. This might just be their taste. They guarantee product quality and operate on a lowprofit, high-volume model, unlike those bosses who tried to rip us off. Chen noticed that some of her roommates were already getting dressed. It's so late. Are you still going out? I'll go check if that store is closed, the roommate said solemnly. How can this owner sell things like this? If he becomes famous, his modification cores will probably be sold out in droves. Let's go buy them now before he becomes too famous. That's right. Another roommate jumped out of bed. What if he raises the price later? Let's go check it out now. Less than 2 minutes later, Chin Mangs roommate was gone. Chin Mang was left standing alone in the dormatory, staring blankly at the clock on the wall pointing to 11:30 p.m. However, they were ultimately too late. All that awaited them was the already closed shop door where anything could be changed. Three days passed in the blink of an eye. In the past 3 days, Suchin only did two things. He worked on modifying the core and found a construction team to decorate the entire shop in a war damaged style. Battle damage doesn't mean ruin. It's a retro sense of decay that gives people a feeling of vicissitude and mystery. Is that a chandelier swaying overhead? No, that's too superficial. Those are the passing years. Anyway, Such Chin was very satisfied. Master Queen looked at the flickering light bulb above her head, which seemed to be faulty, and said thoughtfully, "Fortunately, this shop has been completely transferred to you. If it had only been rented to you, I can't imagine what Miss Noah's expression would have been if she had seen this. You don't understand." Such Chun lay back in the armchair enjoying Shing Mings massage and squinted as he said, "This is a humble abode, but my virtue makes it fragrant. I'm just a D-Level modifier right now, so the store should reflect my status. That way, customers will come in to buy things. As I gradually advance to C-level, the store will naturally upgrade as well." Suchin also wanted to quickly upgrade his modification technician level. They've already made so much money selling white and green modification cores. It's hard to imagine how much money one could make selling blue, purple, or even gold modification cores. However, with Queen being taken away by him, Queen and the Voice of the Knight terminated their agreement, and his bet with Gene Xin naturally came to an end. The Voice of the Knight would no longer provide him with the fast track of being able to take the test once a month. Even if the voice of the knight were still willing to provide it to him, he wouldn't use it. He disliked the voice of the knight and thought it was dirty to use its resources. Moreover, the fact that the voice of the night could use back doors means that the assessment time could be manipulated. Once he becomes somewhat famous, why can't he use connections to get in? Relying on others is never as reassuring as relying on yourself. Mr. Sue, open the door, Mr. Sue. The three-day deadline is up. You're not going to go bankrupt and run away, are you? Boss, sue the core. I need the core. I'm going to die without the core. Twisted, dark, crawling scream. A loud, boisterous sound came from outside the modification shop. Suchen's vision went black. Shining covered her mouth and chuckled. Seriously, Chin Mangs roommates are here again. They always arrive so early. Suchin thought to himself, "Isn't that right? People line up at 5:00 a.m. every day and don't leave until 8:00 a.m. They insisted that he come out and say that the business was closed today. Otherwise, they would have continued to wait outside. If he hadn't promised to open in 3 days, these girls probably would have slept in front of his shop with their Mecca girls. We've crafted over 50 modification cores this time. That should be enough to sell, right?" Suchin breathed a sigh of relief. That's the limit. It's truly the limit while maintaining a perfect quality of life. Although he has a 100% success rate in crafting modification cores, he gets a bit tired after crafting three or four green quality modification cores in a row. I need to sleep with Shing Ming in my arms to recover. Then it's time to eat, shower, and play games to relax. Then I'd modify the core again. then sleep with Star Dream in my arms and so on. After all, life can't just be about work. It also needs poetry, distant places, and tranquility. Star Dream, go open the door. Let's prepare for our first battle today. Meow. Shiming responded, wagging her tail as she ran to the door and pulled the roller shutter up. Whoosh! Wow! The scene outside the store startled her so much that her hog kick stood on end. The store was packed with people all eerily waiting to buy the modification core. Most of them were young people and most of them were still wearing the leaguemy's uniform. Three other car modification shop owners could be vaguely seen in the crowd. There were also several burly men wearing sunglasses, black uniforms, and crescent moon badges on their chests. Chapter 130. Mr. Lee, thank you. Mass, there are so many people outside. Shing ran back again. There are bad guys inside. Suchin frowned slightly. A villain? If Shing calls someone a villain, then they must be really bad. Could it be someone from the voice of the night? At this moment, people rushing to buy modification cores were already pouring into the store. Suchin walked to the store entrance and took a moment to peek outside. That's true. These burly men were clearly bodyguards for the voice of the night group. They kept circling a black extended van, unable to see who was inside. The person inside didn't seem to be getting out, but Suchin had a rough idea of who was sitting in the van. What he found interesting was besides the people from the night voice, the owner of old Lee's professional modification shop across the street and the owners of the two shops next door were also there. They looked like they wanted to come in but didn't really want to. There are all sorts of widows here. Suchin shook his head inside, then sat down behind the counter in the shop, too lazy to pay any attention. We'll talk about it when these people find him. They can't possibly smash up his shop, can they? There's an enforcement team nearby. Many customers who entered the store were still hesitant and in a wait and see state. Wasn't this store supposed to have a nice decor? Why does it suddenly look so dilapidated? Could it be that the boss went bankrupt by selling off the modified core at a low price? Will the boss raise prices today? Mr. Sue, is your green quality modification core really selling for 50,000 yuan? Chinms roommate has already chosen one, mainly to improve cornering attributes. Looking at the impressive attributes and the price of 50,000, she felt a little like she was in a dream for a moment. Suchin has already labeled the attributes corresponding to each modification core. This is the best we can do under the current circumstances. Some high-end modification shops have display cases with built-in attribute detection. The attributes of the core modification can be displayed on the electronic screen when the core is placed in the display case. However, those who know about electronic devices understand that they can be fine-tuned. However, it's generally not the case that modifiers seriously cheat in this area. Wouldn't that ruin your own reputation? Surely a shop can't be shut down just because of one serious act of fraud. Therefore, pilots and Mecca girls do not bring detectors when purchasing modification course. Firstly, it's unnecessary. And secondly, the testing equipment isn't cheap. Even a disposable testing equipment costs 2 or 3,000 yuan. Yes, 50,000 yuan. The price hasn't gone up. Suchin nodded. Okay, okay, I'll take this one. Trusting Chimang, the girl readily swiped her card to pay. Seeing this, the other two roommates quickly bought the modification cores they had their eyes on. While most people are still hesitating, if they wait any longer, they won't be able to compete with others. Boss Sue, are the core attributes of this modification really as good as advertised, or are you just going to sell a bunch of stuff and then run away with the money? A sarcastic voice rang out. This also cooled down the buying frenzy in the entire modification shop. Indeed, Such Chen's shop gave the impression of being on the verge of bankruptcy, a stark contrast to 3 days ago. Only Chinms roommate, who came to stake out the place every day, and a few other customers knew that Suchin had deliberately decorated the shop in this style. Most of the other buyers came from referrals from the first batch of buyers 3 days earlier. Many of them weren't even from Shanghai. They came from other cities, specifically by sky rail to buy the core. Suchin looked in the direction of the sound. Hey, there isn't that old Lee over there. Mr. Lee, didn't you bring the testing equipment? Suchin pointed to Old Le's right hand and said with a smile, why don't you just test whether my modified core is deceiving you in terms of performance? You You really want me to do the test? Not only was Mr. ly a little confused. The two shop owners next door were also dumbfounded. Why doesn't this person play by the rules? There's an unwritten rule among cartooners. It's disrespectful and a major taboo to go to a competitor's shop to get a diagnostic tool to test the specific attributes of the core components of your modifications. Because tuners will exaggerate performance to some extent, they'll quote slightly higher figures and this kind of error is allowed. So taking a diagnostic tool to a competitor's shop is no different from exposing their secrets. They originally thought that Suchin would most likely not allow the test and they would seize on that point. Suchin didn't care at all and just let them take the test. You think I wouldn't dare to test it? Old picked up a modified core. He could only vaguely perceive the performance direction of the modified core using star energy, but he could not know its detailed attributes. After all, he didn't make the modification core. The pilots and Mecca girls had an even more vague understanding of the core performance. Because of this information gap, apart from a few top tuning shops, most tuning shop mechanics will embellish the performance of their core tuning components to a little bit, but they won't seriously falsify it unless they go bankrupt and want to make a final profit before running away. The pilots and the female pilots couldn't do anything about such minor errors. Top tier tuning shops charge exorbitant prices for their core modifications, while ordinary tuning shops all seem to have agreed to do the same. Over time, they had no choice but to accept it. Oldi saw the construction team arrive over the past 3 days, but he didn't see that the shop was in such a dilapidated state. Just by looking at Suchin, you can tell he's about to go bankrupt. You test it. Suchin shrugged, looking completely indifferent. I really did test it, Oldie said, sticking out his neck. Suchin test. Okay. Oldly gritted his teeth. Even if I'm scorned by my peers in the future, it's still better than having my business stolen. He took out the testing equipment and aimed it at the modified core. 3 seconds later, a cold female voice came from the detector. Quality green positive effect. Cornering plus4 negative effect. Speed minus one. Endurance minus one. As soon as the detector started making noise, the store erupted in chaos. What? This green modification core is absolutely amazing. The drivers who had initially hesitated because of Lai's words started scrambling to grab the goods again. If it weren't for Star Dream and Queen keeping an eye on things, there would probably have been signs of a fight breaking out. This modification core is really not fake at all. Oldly and the other two bosses were dumbfounded. The detected attributes were exactly the same as those marked by Suchin without any difference. Isn't exaggerating a point or two a basic practice? Are they being this cautious? Is a wolf going to suddenly appear among a flock of sheep? Let's test it again. I refuse to believe it oldly. Maybe we should just let it go. This is already going too far, a boss whispered, trying to persuade him. What are you calculating? Old Le's face flushed red. If you're going to measure, measure everything. He took the testing device and tested each person at the counter one by one. Buyers were naturally happy to see this, and they all sent their chosen modification cores to Mr. Lee for testing. But the more tests were conducted, the darker old Lee's face became because none of these modifications are of any value. All attributes are exactly the same as those clearly stated with no misrepresentation whatsoever. Mr. Lee, the consumables for one test must cost 2 or 3,000, right? Mr. Lee, thank you for helping with the inspection. I now realize that apart from the fact that you sell modification cores at a rather unscrupulous price, you are actually a good person. Mr. Lee's test results dispelled everyone's concerns. In less than 10 minutes, the 50 modified cores that Suchin had just created were sold out. Looking at the empty storefront, then he looked at Bossley, whose face was grim, Suchin smiled and cuped his hands and thanks. Bossley, thank you so much. I hope you'll come and help me sell modification cores more often in the future. Chapter 131. Crushing your truth. I've encountered a ghost. There really is a wolf among the sheep. This such chin is completely on par with top modification shops. All the core modification attributes are completely transparent, utterly genuine, and without any exaggeration. But here's the problem. Topter tuning shops dare to do this because their premium pricing can offset the costs incurred from such practices. Where is this Mr. Sue? It's one thing to benchmark against other people's standards, but to sell it so cheaply is a huge loss. Oldly looked at Such Chen's smiling face, his heart filled with mixed emotions. No matter how you look at it, Mr. Sue's business is a complete loss. Even with a 50% success rate in modifying cores, you'll still lose a lot of money. Are they trying to put on a brave face? He suddenly felt less angry and panicked. This Mr. Sue is clearly selling at a loss to attract customers. He absolutely cannot continue selling like this indefinitely. Didn't you see they've already lost so much money they sold off all their old crystal chandelier display cases? Boss Sue, you're a ruthless man. boldly gave Suchin a thumbs up with a stern face. Your move is indeed ruthless, but I don't know if you can keep being ruthless. He looked like he had already seen through Such Chan and was confident of victory. By this time, most of the customers had already left the store. The remaining people who hadn't bought the modification cores were still thinking of waiting to see if Suchin had any left. Just then, a very clear sound rang out. The stomping of leather shoes on the ground and the tapping of a cane on the ground. Tap tap tap. Suchin looked away and saw an elderly gentleman standing at the door dressed in a bespoke suit wearing a top hat, white gloves, and leaning on a cane. The visitor was James, the chief modifier of the night modification team. Suchin was somewhat surprised. He thought it was Chin Xen who had come. But then he realized that a group president like Chin Xen would definitely not come to see him in person. It would be more appropriate to let James, the chief designer, handle it. Mr. Suchin James removed his top hat, bowed, and then looked around, frowning slightly. A master like you shouldn't be confined to such a humble tuning shop. You should be in a large corporation leading a team of tuners and creating more miracles, for example. Stop. Suchin knocked on the glass of the display case. Stop beating around the bush and just state why you're here. The bodyguard's faces darkened at being interrupted so abruptly. James blushed, pursed his lips, and sighed. It's like this, Mr. Suchin, we are very interested in your retractable tail wing technology. Miss has already checked, and there is absolutely no possibility that a down on his luck car mechanic would give you the core of the retractable tail wing modification. It's not just the street you mentioned. There are only so many down on their luck car modification mechanics in the entire city. Mischeck them all one by one. Therefore, the core of the rearwing lift modification is definitely related to you. Regardless of whether you created this modification core, on behalf of Knight's Voice, I invite you to join the Knight modification team as the chief modifier. After he finished speaking, the entire shop fell silent. Such Chun remained expressionless. Old and the other two modification shop owners looked like they'd seen a ghost. What is it? How did Boss Su, a DLE modifier, get involved with the night modification team of Voice of the Night? It was also mentioned that the recently popular retractable rearwing modification core is actually related to this. Mr. Sue Oldley felt utterly disillusioned. He even suspected that James was putting on an act with Suchin. First of all, I didn't make the core of the retractable tail wing modification. That was my master's product. I only know a little bit about the details. Suchin paused, a strange smile appearing on his face. Your young lady is quite bold, isn't she? Making me the chief just to recruit me. And what about you? James's eyes dimmed and he forced a smile saying, "The deputy chief has been dismissed by Presidentqin. Since you are now the chief, I will naturally become the deputy chief." Suchin began to seriously consider the conditions offered by Chin Xen. His goal is to drive a revolution in the global custom car maker trend. Undoubtedly, becoming the chief of the night modification team with the influence that comes with that position would make it easier for him to achieve these things. However, given the nature of Gene Xin and the Black Knight voice group, they probably wouldn't approve of his modification plan. He stated bluntly, "Mr. James, I have only one question. If I were the chief of the night team, could I control the entire group's Mecca girl modification program and abandon the original modification style of the night group? James paused for a few seconds after hearing this, then shook his head. I'm sorry. The overall modification plan is not only decided by the night team, but also by the general direction of the voice of the night group. As the chief, you must also abide by the general direction of the group and cannot adopt your own style on your own. Moreover, the group's modification direction is the current mainstream and it is the correct modification direction recognized by all large groups. So, but the mainstream modification schemes prevent Queen, this excellent Mecca girl, from starting. What do you say about that? Suchen's gaze pressed coldly on James like sharp thorns. In a corner of the modification shop, Queen stood there looking slightly dazed and at a loss. Shing noticed this and gently squeezed Queen's hand in a comforting gesture. James felt a bitter taste in his mouth, his brows furrowed even deeper, and he sighed. "Mr. Suchin, I know you and Queen have a deep friendship, and I understand your anger, but I wasn't there at the time. Otherwise, I certainly wouldn't have allowed that idiot to use such an overly radical method as using large amounts of memory training drugs on Queen." However, the group's overall direction for modification is correct. The tragedy has already happened and cannot be undone. We will continue to reflect on and improve our plans. Even if we take a step back and say that you don't have a solution for Queen's current situation, do you? Why must we be so eager to fight against the truth? Truth? Suchin scoffed. After my modifications, Queen is now ready to start. James looked up abruptly, staring blankly at Suchin. What? What did you just say? Queen is ready to start. Such repeated. No, that's impossible. Her condition is beyond repair. Whether you believe it or not is your problem. Suchin looked at James with indifferent eyes. There is no absolute truth in this world. When everyone believes that a truth exists, it means that most people have lost the ability to think. But as a master car mechanic, you shouldn't worship the truth. You should spend your life questioning it. Just as centuries ago, no one would have believed that Mecca girls and such creatures could exist. But those people's truths were ultimately shattered. What about your truths? When will you admit they're wrong? When will you wake up? James remained silent for a long time, staring into Such Chen's eyes as if trying to see through the illusion within. But the determination and confidence in Such Chen's eyes burned like fire and looking into them only caused a searing pain in one's soul. His Adams apple bobbed and he asked with a hint of pleading. Could I see the startup status of Queen? Queen doesn't like you. Suchin shook his head. I also don't want anyone from the voice of the knight to get close to her anymore. However, he changed the subject, raising his chin as if a king were looking down on his subjects. You will see in the provincial qualifiers. I will bring her along and deliver the truth you are so proud of. Crush them all. Chapter 132. Become a steel plate. So has Suchin agreed to my terms? No. No. Then what did he say? He said, "Queen has been restored and restarted." There was a moment of silence in the extended van that was immediately broken by a deep female voice. Impossible. Chin Xen frowned, his sharp eyebrows revealing shock and disbelief flashing in his cold eyes. Your night team should know Queen's situation better than I do, she said calmly. Under those circumstances, there's absolutely no way to get it back up and running. You don't actually believe him, do you? He probably just said it to spite us. Isn't that how young people are? James opened his mouth as if to agree with Gene Xin. But those burning eyes involuntarily surfaced in my mind. Would you get such a powerful look just from saying something infuriating? The determination and confidence in Such Chen's eyes all stemmed from his inner strength. But where did that strength come from? Without a doubt, it comes from Queen Sai. The words that were on the tip of his tongue turned into a sigh. PresidentQin, I haven't seen whether Queen can be activated yet, but Suchin said that he will bring Queen to participate in the upcoming provincial qualifiers. Well know whether he's bluffing or not then. He issued a challenge. Gene Xi and raised an eyebrow. I guess so. James nodded. He said he would use Queen's victory to crush the group's modification plan. He Jean Xian's lips twitched as if he had thought of something funny. Then let's wait and see. She turned to look out the window at the dilapidated modification shop and reminded him since he is unwilling to hand over the retractable rear wing modification technology. The research and breakthrough of this technology will ultimately fall on you. James, I can give you some more time. By the provincial competition, I want to see you bring out the perfect retractable rear wing modification core. Yes. James's mouth tasted bitter. Although Chin Xen extended the time frame from one month to six months, but as a researcher, he understood the research and development difficulties a 100 times better than Chin Xen. Actually, if Gene Xen had just gotten a few technical details from Such Chin, everything would have been much easier. Unfortunately, Gene Xen's proud nature meant he would never bow down to Such Chin, nor would he resort to coercion or bribery. Such Chun and the voice of the night now dislike each other because of Queen. Forget about the technical details of the retractable tail. Finn, one of Such Chen's words kept echoing in James's mind. As a master modifier, one should not worship the truth, but rather spend one's life questioning it. These words sent shivers down his spine. He began to reflect on his life. When did he start to gradually stop pursuing new technologies? It seems that after becoming an S-class modifier, he lost himself amidst the high salary of the Night Voice Group and the constant calls of masters around him. Perhaps there really is a problem with the modification plan from the Night Voice Group, but it's a plan that has been tested by generations of modifiers. A well-rounded Mecca girl is indeed more likely to win a world championship. Looking at worldclass drivers throughout history, which of their Mecca girls wasn't incredibly skilled in every aspect? Is there anything wrong with replicating the success of our predecessors? James. Gene Xian's icy voice rang in my ears. Don't fall into self-doubt. The group won't make mistakes. Oh, yes. James suddenly came to his senses. I don't know when, but my back was already soaked with cold sweat. They can modify anything in the store. With all the modification cores sold, Such Chin prepared to close up shop. What are you three standing there for? He glanced at the three bosses who hadn't left yet and waved them away. Go away. Go away. I'm closing down oldly swallowed. He watched as that old man James got into the night voice. It's like acting, but who would hire bodyguards to act? Moreover, there is a connection between the modifiers. He could clearly feel the oppressive aura emanating from James's immense star power. As for the boss, Sue in front of us, it has some star energy, but not much. That's why he initially didn't take Suchin seriously. Turns out the Suchin whom he hadn't taken seriously turned out to be a behemoth. Mr. Su, do you know that S-class modification master from the voice of the night? Suchin glanced at the pale-faced oldly and nodded. I guess we know each other. He's a good for- nothing old man. He's so old, yet he's become a master. His thinking is still so rigid. That's all he'll ever be. Oldly. Wow, what a boastful tone. However, judging from James' attitude towards Suchin just now, that's definitely not the right way to treat younger people. It was like treating someone as an equal, even with a certain respect. Who exactly is this boss Sue? How could a mere D-Level modifier be treated as an equal by an S-level modifier master? Old was completely baffled. But he wasn't stupid. He knew Suchin was someone he couldn't afford to offend. Whether that old man was a member of the Knights voice modification team or not, a simple phone search will do the trick. The club's encyclopedia records this information along with corresponding photos and biographical details. Mr. Sue, I've learned a lot from your shop today. Oldly forced a smile and cupped his hands and greeting to Such Chin. I won't stay any longer. You should get some rest. Haha, get some rest. After saying that, he quickly left the modification shop as if a dog was chasing him. The other two bosses were similar. After exchanging a few polite words, they slunk away. Suchin shook his head as he watched the three bosses flee in disarray. Although I don't like James, but James's visit to his store seemed to have solved a lot of his problems. Moss, those three bosses have turned into good guys. Meow. Shing pointed at Bossley, who was running the fastest, and blinked her big eyes. Uh, they didn't become good people. Suchin patted Shing Mings head and said with a smile, "They just chickenen out after kicking a hornet's nest." "Whoa, Moss, were iron plate." Shing Ming raised her arms to show off her meager biceps and said arrogantly, "We're going to evolve into steel plate cats in the future." Suchin couldn't help but chuckle at Shing Mings adorable appearance, "Why are you so hung up on whether it's an iron plate or a steel plate?" Shing Ming tilted her head and thought for a moment, then slowly said, "Because the TV series says that a man should find someone who is durable and resilient. Steel plates are more durable than iron plates. So Moss and I both want to become durable steel plates." "Suchin?" He silently walked to the queen's side and whispered in her ear. "You and Shing usually watch TV dramas together. Do you remember what dramas she watches?" Queen blinked and whispered back. A doineering se falls in love with a sexually repressed me. Chapter 133. A fleeting half month. Shing Ming is forbidden from watching TV dramas. They can only watch children's animated DVDs. Fortunately, this is not a problem for Star Dream. After giving up on two broke girls and the CEO falls in love with me, a sexually repressed man, she became very accepting of cartoons like Tom and Jerry. The little girl's only form of entertainment used to be sleeping in a corner of her cramped apartment because you can dream when you sleep. You can do many things that are impossible in your dreams. For example, going to amusement parks, going shopping, or wearing pretty car outfits like other Mecca girls. and most importantly, race alongside your driver on the track and stand on the glorious podium. However, these are no longer things that Shing can only have by dreaming. They have truly become a part of her life. The instigator, Such Chin, spent more than 10 days modifying the core. The process involves purchasing materials and then reselling them to modify the core components. He relied on the fact that regardless of whether the modified core was white or green, and no matter how good the performance was, they all only sold for 50,000 yuan. They can modify anything and have successfully dominated the core modification market in this commercial district. Don't be fooled by the fact that Suchin is only selling green and white modification cores. The market base in this area is huge and the owners of the three surrounding shops are not the kind of people who can consistently produce purple modification cores. They can't even guarantee a high enough success rate when making blue modification cores. After Suchin dominated the market for white and green custom cores, they only had the blue modified cores to sell. Therefore, they can only craft blue quality modification cores. This means they have to expend more energy and take on greater risks. In less than half a month, half of Mr. Lee's hair turned white. His back became hunched and he looked 10 years older. He stared at the shop across the street, which had sold out of its core products and closed down long ago, his eyes filled with deep fear, but he persisted. He's waiting for someone else to collapse first. Mr. Lee, we can't hold on any longer. Around noon, the owners of the other two modification shops approached Lai, and each of them looked grim since Suchin opened his shop. They haven't had a single good night's sleep. They could only watch helplessly as their sales plummeted. They want to find someone to vandalize Suchin's shop. The law enforcement team isn't going to take that lying down. They wanted to find someone to mess with Suchin, but their investigation revealed that Suchin not only had some connection with the voice of the knight, but was also the first person to pull out the core for modifying the retractable tail wing, regardless of whether the core was actually made by someone else. Based on these two points alone, no one would dare to do anything to Suchin. At least they can't get the people who can punish Suchin to come. Old Le's empty gaze fell on the two bosses, waiting for them to continue, but he was secretly delighted. Finally, it seems like we're finally about to see the light at the end of the tunnel. Since Suchin couldn't produce the blue modification core, the market for the blue modification core would be divided among the three of them. If these two bosses can hold on and leave, he will be able to monopolize the blue modification core market. Although, it's a bit tiring. Perhaps I'll earn even more than before. Mr. Lee, we can't hold on any longer and we're going to close down. One of the shop owners said with a bitter face, it's too difficult. We originally thought that Mr. Sue was trying to maintain his reputation by losing money, but how can you maintain it like this? Every 3 days, more than 50 topt modification cores are added, all of which are sold for 50,000 yuan. In the past two weeks, our store has only sold two blue modification cores. The shop was rented to begin with, and now forget about making a profit. We're even losing money on the rent. Sigh. It's pretty much the same for me. I sold three blue modification cores, and those were only because a regular customer took pity on us and gave them to us. The white and green ones just won't sell. Another shop owner slumped into a chair, rubbing his face. I'm closing down too, but oldly you're different. He looked at Mr. Lee and said, "You bought your shop yourself, so there's no rent issue. It's just a matter of water and electricity bills. You only need to sell one modification core to make a profit. After we close our shop, the market for modification cores of green quality and above will all be yours. You absolutely must hold on and not let Boss Sue's shop grow." They were genuinely scared. We can't move very far and we can't exactly leave this city. Then all the connections they built up will be wasted. They can only move to a place where Suchin is not around, such as near the business district of other leaguemies in Shanghai. However, once Such Chen's business takes off as long as they remain in Shanghai, their business will inevitably be affected by Suchin. So they could only hope that Oldi could suppress Suchin. Even though Lai has no conscience, seeing the two bosses give up the market and choose to withdraw from the competition, he couldn't help but feel a sense of shared sorrow. I even felt a sense of responsibility falling on my shoulders. At this moment, they were no longer competitors, but comrades in arms facing the same enemy. "Farewell, you two," Bossly clenched his fists and said coldly. Rest assured, I oldly will definitely carry on your will, seize the market for all blue quality modification cores, and completely suppress this monster, Such Chin. With Lai's guarantee, the two business owners felt reassured enough to close their shop and transfer ownership. They will move on to other business districts with hope to start new market battles. The monster in their eyes, Suchin, had just come out of the auction house. It's like going back to square one. This intermediate level star element is damn expensive. Suchin held up the two boxes, each about the size of a baby's fist, and examined them closely. Inside were two intermediate level star essence. One is a thunder star emblem intermediate star element suitable for queen. The other is the radiant star emblem intermediate star essence used by star dream. The former has 6.78 million and the latter has 1.02 million. These two intermediate level star elements almost completely drained him of the money he had earned in half a month. He only has about 100,000 yon left for his funeral expenses which he needs to save to buy materials to make and modify the core. I originally planned to buy one, but I was thinking what if I didn't win the provincial preliminary round the day after tomorrow? I might as well buy everything Shing Ming needs at the same time. Anyway, this thing won't go to waste. You need three of these intermediate star elements to advance from A level to S level. Moss, I'm sorry, Shing Ming was feeling down after leaving the auction. Sorry for what? Suchin asked in surprise, patting Shings head. The little girl was listless, her ears drooping, and he wondered what she had thought of again. Master, I think I've been spending too much money. I just spent 1.02 million. Shiming pouted, her eyes slightly red. Master works so hard to earn this money. Every time Master finishes modifying the core, she needs a long time to recover, and she even gets gray hair. Modifying the core components is indeed very tiring. Suchin acknowledged this, but white hair. I didn't notice anything at all. Shing Ming must have misread it. Although I'm still young, young people also get gray hair. Suchin pinched Shings soft face and comforted her. As for the money, we're a team, a whole. Why bother calculating it so clearly? Will you still split the prize money with me 50/50ths if you win the championship in the future? Shing Ming shook her head repeatedly. How could that be? Meow. Everything Shing Ming has belongs to Master. I don't want to be so particular about separating things from Master. I just feel sorry for Master working so hard. What if Shing Ming doesn't achieve good results in the competition? Competition results are just one outcome. Suchin looked into Shings eyes, speaking not only to Shing, but also to Queen. The important thing is what we gained in the game. Beyond the glory, we should gain something even more important, such as teamwork, track experience, greater trust in each other, and most importantly, a higher level of synchronization. Enjoying the race, Shing sniffed. This wasn't the first time Suchin had said these words to her. But she still often felt indebted. She used to think Wan Ting was stingy and that Wan Ting treated her very poorly. I had some resentment in my heart. Now that Suchin is being particularly generous to her, she feels sorry for the money and effort he has spent. If possible, she hopes Suchin could have an easier life. Instead of the first thing they do every morning is frantically build and modify cores. Even though Moss said that to me, I still want to do more for Mas. Meow. Him. Dash. Suchin hesitated for a moment. Then his eyes darted around and he grinned mischievously. All right, then. From now on, you'll sleep with me every night. Stick to me and hold me tight. He he dashed. Master Ching Ming looked at Such Chin suspiciously. You don't mind that I'm hot. Meow. Cough. It's hot, but also fun. Such Chin's face flushed and his eyes darted around. He's despicable, really. Shining Ming was afraid of making him too hot. So, every time she warmed the bed, she would obediently go to sleep in another quilt. At night, she would also restrain herself and maintain a oneperson boundary with him. As a result, he started to miss the feeling of sleeping with Shing Ming in his arms. I find it acceptable to be a little hot. However, it's not appropriate to make such a request. Now that we've come this far, I might as well mention it. Good girl. Ching held Such Chens hand, smiled with her eyes narrowed, and said, "Shing Ming also likes being with Moss. It makes me feel safe and comfortable." Suchin felt a little embarrassed looking at Shing Mings smiling face. It felt as if soft feathers were gently caressing my heart. This feeling is so familiar. It's like going back to my student days when the girl next door bent down to pick up an eraser. Her black ponytails slipped down her shoulder. The wind blew the pages of her book and the afternoon sun fell on her fair cheeks. He casually shifted his gaze to the distant sunset. What does Moss want to eat tonight? Shing Ming will cook for you. Meow. Oh, then fried rice with egg, please. He didn't Master say she'd never eat me again. Ha. But what do you know? Men are all fickle. Wow, Master is a big eel. Meow. Hoshino loves to eat big eels. In the afterglow of the setting sun, the two figures stretched long on the modeled road. The evening breeze carried the lingering warmth of the day. Their shadows intertwined and stretched beneath their feet, crossing the cracks in the ground and casting their shadows into the deepening twilight in the distance. The queen followed slowly behind. He gazed at the two people holding hands in front of him with a complicated expression. It seems there are still many important things I haven't remembered. So many moments that touched her heart. The star god is above. She prayed silently. Let me remember. Chapter 134. I'll do my best. The Takmara mountain race live. Hello everyone. We meet again. I'm your old friend, brother. Roast goose. What? When did I get to host the provincial qualifiers? That's obviously a promotion and a raise. The roast goose guy held the microphone with a smug look on his face. To be honest, I have to thank Such Chin and Shing Mang for my promotion and raise. The material these two contestants provided him was incredibly popular. Overtaking while hugging the wall and raising/lowering rear wings have become the hottest topics recently. And whenever people talk about these topics, they naturally think of him, Brother Roast Goose. He gained a huge amount of attention as a result and was invited by the competition organizers to continue hosting the provincial preliminary rounds. A total of 10 contestants participated in this competition. There are five riders from the Nights Voice T3 team, two riders from the Northern Wolves T2 youth training team, one rider from the Peak Future T3 team, and two riders from our Hatchin Club and Roshin Club. Now, please turn the camera to the entrance of the arena. Our contestants are about to enter. The starting point of the Tacara Mountain Race is inside a huge circular stadium. At this moment, all four seats in the audience were filled with spectators. However, half of these viewers were fans of the two top clubs, Night Voice and Peak Future. The Northern Wolves club is not a top tier club after all. In addition, the participants were members of the T2 youth training team, so not many fans came to watch the game. The rest are fans of small clubs and ordinary viewers who don't follow any particular club and just watch the games. The director then focused the camera on the entrance to the stadium. The five members of the night hoof team slowly entered the arena with their respective Mecca girls. Both the racers and the Mecca girls wore matching black racing suits with silver accents and wore a crescent moon badge of the night voice club on their chests. The leader was a handsome man with mediumlength blonde hair, fair skin, and a drunken look in his eyes. He is Ayano, the captain of the night hoof team. He is not from the Chinese community and has half Nordic ancestry which also gave him a pair of sea blue eyes. This handsome guy clearly doesn't care about his looks. Compared to the other well- behaved team members, he seemed a bit eccentric. He drank alcohol. He was also the only contestant allowed to drink alcohol during the competition. After extensive testing and with the asurances of the voice of the night judging panel, Ayano possesses a unique talent that other drivers lack. While other drivers may make mistakes due to alcohol consumption, Ayano's drinking can actually unleash his potential, giving him superior track judgment and reflexes. Bakus, Bakus. A unified shout gradually erupted from the audience. Thanks to his immense popularity for his ability to unleash his full drinking potential, Ayano is known as the god of wine by many of Yahoo's fans. The overwhelming cheers finally jolted the man who was lost in his drunken stuper back to reality. He grinned and raised the bottle in his hand toward the audience. Cheers. Ha. This move immediately made the fans in the audience even more enthusiastic. Those with beer held up beer cans, those without held up beverages. And those without beverages could make do with bottled water or light sticks. They responded to Ayanos, "Cheers!" and shouted, "Cheers!" The atmosphere in the entire stadium was completely ignited by these cheers. Lusun and the other team members looked at Ayano, who was bathed in cheers with Endy in their eyes. This is the influence of a super popular driver. Even though Aano hasn't led them to participate in the provincial competition yet, his special talent has already shown a tendency to suppress Wiiing, the captain of the Night Voice T2 team. Some people are just like that. They are born with enviable talents. This is a gap that cannot be bridged no matter how hard we try. After all, they can't exactly drink with Ayano, can they? No matter what, even if we can't surpass the captain, we must try our best to keep up with him. Lu Sunun silently cheered himself up. Ayano is undoubtedly one of the favorites to win this competition. He and three other team members were mainly there to familiarize themselves with the track and run alongside the team. After a Yano's victory, they only need to aim for a top two finish in the other four provincial qualifiers. Keep it up, guys. Lu Sunun felt himself being pulled up by a strong force, followed by a strong smell of alcohol hitting him in the face. Ayano's drunken face came into view, his already handsome face becoming even more eerie in his intoxication. But what's even more captivating is Ayano's sunny and confident smile. Guys, his Chinese was a bit broken, but his enthusiasm was high. Let's try to sweep the top three spots in this competition. Don't let our boss who values us so much down. Okay. The team members responded in unison. Lusen's feelings of frustration and inferiority dissipated easily. He laughed along with them. What is that? Anyway, Ayana will always be their captain, so why think so much? All you need to do is follow in the captain's footsteps. Following the night hoof team, a driver from the Peak Future T3 team entered the arena. She was a somewhat timid girl who kept her head down as she led the Mecca girl to the starting platform, completely ignoring the cheers and spotlights around her. In the locker room, Suchin came out of the toilet after washing his hands. The provincial qualifying course is very long. Although there are rest areas along the way, it is best to run it in one go to maintain your pace. This requires him to empty all excess weight from his body before the competition. in the private locker room. Only he and Queen were there. As soon as he came out, he saw Queen huddled in the shadows in the corner, hugging her knees and staring blankly at the ground, seemingly lost in thought. It was fine when I first arrived. Could it be because I didn't agree to let her sleep in the same bed last night and the night before? Ever since the day she bought the star coins, queen had frequently made this request. But Suchin felt he couldn't take advantage of her vulnerability any longer. So he politely declined. Even though the queen looked pitiful, he still hardened his heart and refused. Could it be that Queen is still holding a grudge about this? Queen, what are you thinking about? Suchin walked over to Queen and sat down next to her, holding her hand. You can tell me anything that's on your mind. The queen looked up and met Su Chen's focused and gentle gaze. The emptiness in her eyes disappeared and they gradually became clear. She shook her head slightly. Nothing's on my mind, master. I'm just a little nervous. The queen of the past would never have said such a thing. She would look down on every opponent with a cold, scrutinizing gaze. Such Chun looked at the timid and cowering queen with a pang of heartache and said softly, "This must be your first competition, right? It's normal to be nervous." Shing Ming was shaking the whole time when she participated in her first competition. "Really?" Queen pictured Shing meowing and trembling in her mind, and a smile unconsciously crept onto her lips. "So, everyone's like this? I do seem less nervous now. Next up, please welcome the players from the Northern Wolves T2 youth training team. The roast goose guy's voice came over the loudspeaker. The queen looked at Suchin. She knew it was time to go on stage. Despite being very nervous and even a little afraid of the unknown, but she saw encouragement and determination in Such Chen's eyes. Master, she stood up, regulated her breathing, and let her long black hair fall down her shoulders. The surging emotions in his eyes gradually subsided. I will do my best in this competition. Chapter 135. Alone. Aya. Meow. Master and queen are coming out. In the exclusive stands of the Northern Wolves T2 team. Shing Ming was waving her two light sticks so much they were practically turning into windows. Leini had no doubt that if the light sticks had a propeller-like structure, then Star Dream would very likely take flight at this moment. Such Chin and Queen's opponents this time are very strong. While stuffing potato chips into her mouth, Norah analyzed. Let's not talk about Ayanna from Nhoof. There's also Lin Weii, the newcomer from Peak Future T3. Don't let her seemingly socially awkward appearance fool you. Her driving skills are topnotch. Lin Wei Weii. Yuming standing next to her was taken aback. I've never heard of this name before. Who is she? Oh, you're so ignorant, bro. Noah rolled her eyes. Lin Wei Weii is a talent personally selected by Ferrari, the president and chief driver of Peak Future. So far, this driver has never lost a race. She's a champion. Yuming was stunned for a moment, then asked in confusion, "No defeats?" Then the City Car King Championship. They're participating in the European City Car Championship. Oh, okay. That's all right then. Yuming shrugged. The tracks for the same type of race are different in each country/ region. However, this does not affect the scoring. The honors gained from participating in the City Car King Championship in either the China or Europe regions are the same. So this Lin Weii does seem to have some skills. Masters out. Meow. Moss looks so handsome today. Queen looks so beautiful today. Ah. Shing Ming suddenly raised voice startled Yuming from his revery. He glanced at the chattered girl who was engrossed in her own world with a slight twitch at the corner of his mouth before turning his gaze back to the arena. Such Chin and Huang Shuan have already made their appearance with their respective Mecca girls. Putting aside the blonde hair color, he immediately recognized the couple on the left as Such Chin and Queen. Queen's humanoid form is truly eye-catching. Her long, straight, jet black hair almost reaches her buttocks. Her skin is so fair that it seems to be enveloped in a soft glow under the sunlight, and her wine red eyes always remind people of precious gemstones. Yumings cultural knowledge is limited, so he can't explain it. However, there are very few Mecca girls whose appearance can make Chase jealous. Besides Star Dream, there's only Queen. Even Fingha, the Dairy Cow, has to step aside. As Su Chun and Queen appeared, a small number of cheers came from the audience. Those were the fans that Such Chun and Shing Mang had accumulated during the City Car King competition. However, these fans are now in a slightly awkward position because they were all holding up posters of Such Chin and Shing Ming. The Mecca girl that appeared was one they didn't recognize. This was originally something that would make people angry and questionable. But the moment a close-up of Queen appeared on the big screen, all the fans shut up. It turns out that when someone's looks are exceptionally good, even hardcore fans can be swayed by their appearance. They simply don't know how to criticize someone as beautiful and refined as Queen. Aside from Northern Wolf T2 and some fans, another group of people are paying attention to Sue Chin and Queen. VIP seats at the voice of the night. Gene Xen's fingers dug deeply into the armrests of the chair. She stared at Queen's figure on the track, her eyes filled with disbelief. James next to him wasn't much better off. Even though I had prepared myself mentally beforehand, but when he saw Suchin bring Queen onto the stage, he couldn't help but gape in astonishment. Suchin wasn't joking with him and the voice of the knight. He really intends to bring Queen onto the stage. The fact that Suchin was able to bring Queen onto the field proves one thing. Queen is indeed ready to be activated. It seems we underestimated Such Chen's modification skills. Chin Xen calmed his turbulent emotions and stared coldly at James. As an S-class modifier and the chief of the night team, you're not even as good as Such Chin. I suddenly feel that paying you and the night team a high salary was a mistake. She didn't care whether Queen could be activated or not. What she cared about was that Suchin had accomplished what the night team couldn't. Therefore, Suchin's value already exceeds that of the entire night team. You see, she had always been proud of the night modification team of Voice of the Night, but now she felt extremely ashamed and at the same time she once again had the idea of recruiting Suchin. As for the conflict with Suchin, there is no conflict that cannot be resolved by interests. If it can't be resolved, it means the benefits aren't significant enough. She was confident that the voice of the knight could offer Such in attractive terms. But by then, James and the night team can basically step down or just leave. I'll say it again. The voice of the night group does not employ useless people. Losing value is equivalent to losing status. James was sweating profusely under Jean Exon's gaze. He wanted to argue, but it felt like there was a stone stuck in his throat. After a long pause, he managed to squeeze out a sentence. Miss Jean, Queen can start, but it may have sacrificed a lot of performance. Let's wait and see how Queen performs before we talk about it. Sheen Xin snorted coldly, neither agreeing nor disagreeing. Regardless of Queen's performance, it is an indisputable fact that it can start. This alone has caused Knight's team to drop to rock bottom in her eyes. in front of the starting platform with his eyes fixed straight ahead. Hang Mao muttered, "Today the Nightigh Hoof team has five drivers, which is disadvantageous for us in the race. If you want to cooperate, I can reluctantly accept. Since he didn't have a second Mecca girl, he could only participate in three provincial preliminary rounds. This kind of bet with Suchin is bound to result in a certain loss. However, Suchin took the initiative to suggest that they only look at the results of the three preliminary matches. Those he didn't participate in don't count. This gentlemanly behavior made him feel slightly embarrassed. However, Huang was by no means an unreasonable person, nor did he want to owe anyone favors. If Suchin needs his help in this match, no need. A cold voice drifted from the side. The blond-haired man turned his head and only saw Such Chen's profile and slightly moving lips, "Mind your own business." The blond-haired guy instantly turned red, yelling, "You, you bastard." He was so angry that he gasped for breathe and wished he could slap himself twice, "Why was he talking to Suchin just now? Is he some kind of despicable thing?" They actually stuck to it. As a result, they simply shoved their frozen butt back at you. Huang Sheruan clenched his fists and made a silent vow in his heart. Even if Suchin begs and gravels at him from now on, he won't cooperate with that ungrateful bastard Suchin. Today, you ignore me, Suchin, but you'll be begging for my attention in the future. However, Hang Ma was unaware of this. The indifference in Such Chen's eyes was not directed at him. Such Chin and Queen don't need any help today. Across a track that is 100 meters wide, Su Chen's sharp gaze swept over each of the five members of the Night Hoof team. These are his goals for today. He will lead Queen alone. Take each of them. They were all trampled underfoot. Chapter 135. I'll be on the seventh. Why do I feel a chill down my spine? Ayano scratched his head in confusion. When he drinks, his mind becomes exceptionally sharp and he becomes extremely sensitive to anything unusual around him. Ayeno turned her head and immediately met Such Chen's icy gaze. He was even more confused. "Hey, Lucen, have we had any recent feuds with other car teams?" "Huh?" Lusen was stunned, following Ayano's gaze, feeling utterly bewildered. "Why is that player staring at us like that? We don't recognize him at all. Who is he again? Ayano asked. Combining the information he had researched before the race with the commentary from brother Rose. Lu soon quickly came to his senses. He is the champion of the city championship. The one who used wall hugging, cornering, and a rising and falling rear wing to kick our group's youth training team to death. Oh, Su Chin and Shing Mang. Ayano clenched her fist, realizing what was happening. He didn't look at the opponent's information at all before the match. He relied on Lusen and a few other teammates to explain it to him. In addition, he usually doesn't care about outside news or the situation of other players. Even so, Such Chin and Shing Mangs names were still widely known. The main problem is that lately, whenever I open my phone, it's flooded with pictures of people cornering close to walls and having their rear wings raised or lowered. It's hard not to notice them. Ignoring Such Chen's name is already the limit. However, the Mecca girl next to him doesn't seem to be Shing Ming, does she? Lu Sunun asked curiously. If I remember correctly, that Mecca girl named Shing Ming is a catgirl specialization type, and her Mecca girl form is an adorable cat-ared girl. I know a little about that Mecca girl. Ayanos gaze lingered on Queen for a moment, his expression becoming more serious. She used to be President Chin's Mecca girl named Queen. Later, due to a failed modification, she couldn't start and the agreement with the group was automatically terminated. However, for some reason, she became Such Chen's Mecca Girl again and it seems that she can start up again. As the captain of Nihoof, Ayano has access to information that the corporation deliberately conceals. However, he only had a general idea of what was going on and didn't know the details. Now that Queen has become Such Chen's Mecca girl, perhaps it's because of Queen that Such Chun looks at them with that kind of gaze. Is that so? Lu Sunun and the other three team members exchanged bewildered glances. Doesn't that mean Such Chen's Mecca girl is incredibly strong? After all, she was a Mecca girl that President Gene had taken a liking to and heavily invested in training. It's hard to say. Ayano shook his head. I remember Queen was an SS-class Mecca girl before. Did you see any SSL class Mecca girls on the list of contestants you looked at yesterday? Luson thought for a moment, then shook his head repeatedly. No. If there really is an SS-class Mecca girl on the list, he will definitely notice it. After all, the appearance of an SS level Mecca girl in the provincial qualifiers is a terrifying thing. He might even lose the desire to participate in the competition. The gap is too large. There is simply no comparison. Then I guess right. Ayano continued to speculate. The Queen modification project failed, so its performance should be completely ruined. Our group has had similar Mecca girls before, which were very unlucky isolated cases. Even if Suchin manages to get Queen up and running normally now, its performance will be far worse than before. And also he glanced at Lun and the other three team members and reassured them. Don't worry too much. No matter who our opponents are, we just need to focus on our own game. Win or lose, it's a game for us and our Mecca girls. The captain is right. Lon responded, turning to call to the other team members. Who cares about the origins of those Mecca girls? Let's just run. As the conversation unfolded, the 10 contestants took turns walking onto the starting platform and the cheers from the audience reached their peak. Experienced viewers know that the starting order for the provincial qualifying rounds has a very special mechanism. In the middle of the starting platform, a cylindrical platform slowly rose up and brother Roast Goose stood on the platform, his voice echoing throughout the entire arena. Since only players with club backgrounds can participate in the provincial qualifiers, it is inevitable that multiple players will belong to the same team. To ensure fairness in the competition, the driver from the team with the most members will draw lots first, followed by the other drivers. The order of the draw will be determined by the number of members per team, and the driver who draws last will have one opportunity to change their starting order. To make it easier for the audience to understand, the director had already projected the pre-prepared PowerPoint presentation onto the big screen. The five night hoof team members drew lots to determine their starting order. Such Chin and Huang Shushuan will then draw lots and have one chance to change the departure order. Once they select or change their order, the final order will be determined. However, their choice is less than that of the other three contestants. They can only make a choice after the order of the three individual contestants has been determined. This arrangement is practically useless. After all, with a large number of team members, it's impossible to guard against them using dirty tricks. But at least on the surface, it reduces the probability that solo players will be deliberately targeted at the start of the game. The five night hoof team members were quickly drawn, followed by Peak Future and two other smaller clubs. The girl from Peak Future drew number one, which was confirmed immediately. She didn't care at all about becoming a trailblazer. They didn't use the opportunity to choose again. I don't know if they were stupid or simply didn't care. The writers from both small clubs chose to switch starting positions with Night Hoof, thus monopolizing the two best starting positions, number nine and number 10. They realized they were no match for the night hoof team. So they decided to start later to avoid running into night hoofs riders. Therefore, the starting order that has already appeared on the field is peak futures. Leni will start on number one while Ayano's original draw number 10 has been replaced by number two. Lun and another team member drew number three and number four respectively. The remaining two team members were number eight and number nine who were replaced by number six. Numbers three, four, and eight have not yet been confirmed. Finally, it was Huang Shuin, who drew number five, and Such Chin, who drew number seven, to make their final choice. Hang Sheruan looked at the remaining departure order with a grim expression. The starting rule for the provincial preliminary rounds is 1 minute per group with two competitors per group. Therefore, the perfect order to avoid the night hoof team is 1, 2, or 9 and 10. But now, no matter which one he and Suchin choose, they will be sandwiched between one or two drivers from the night hoof team. Huang Xiun took out a piece of paper and drew out the current departure order. He carefully marked the note with circles on it. And despite his displeasure with Suin, he patiently handed it to Suchin to read. Hey, watch closely. Later, we'll pick numbers three and four together. That way, our only problem for the whole match will be Aayano from Night Hoof. If he's honest, we won't be targeted by Night Hoof for the rest of the match. Are you even listening to me? Juan Shushuan frowned. Because he saw Suchin picking his nose. He was clearly talking about something very serious. Why is Suchin picking his nose? Hateful. Is he not even worth as much as a booger? Huang Xiun is once again in the spotlight. He finally realized that his prejudice against Such Chin was not just based on Such Chen's messy affairs. Furthermore, Such Chen's overall aura easily made him feel hot. You can switch with them yourself. Suchin flicked the booger off his finger and said calmly, "I want to be in position 7, Chapter 136. It's really unique." Ah. Huang Mao even felt like he had misheard. "What did you say?" He rolled up his sleeves. "Say it again." Suchin glanced sideways at the blond-haired man and curled his lips. I'm going to be in position seven. Is there a better position than number seven for him? Only by playing in position seven can the night hoof team be crushed step by step. If you switch to position three or four, you'll only have Ayano as your opponent. That would be pointless. He's here today to vent his anger for the queen. This is also to show the knight team of voice of the night how ridiculous their truth is. Even if he draws number one or two, he will change it to a position like number seven. But Huang Xiun couldn't understand it. He thought Suchin was sick. Moreover, he was quite ill. Chuan Yun, don't stop me. Huang Shushuan angrily grabbed Chuan Yuns hand, glaring at Such Chin through gritted teeth. I'm going to teach this arrogant bastard a lesson today. Chuan Yun looked helplessly at Huang Shiruins hand holding her arm. She didn't stop her at all. She didn't even flinch. Suchin ignored Huang Shirus anger and simply did calisthenics exercises to stretch his muscles and prepare for the competition. Seeing that Suchin was completely unyielding, Huang Shushuan lost his patience. He released Tuan Yans hand and sneered. I really didn't expect you to be such an arrogant and conceited guy. Did the wallhugging, cornering, and the rising and falling rear wing in the city championship make you completely cocky. Such Chin, there are always people more capable than you and mountains beyond mountains. The voice of the Knight professional racing team and the voice of the Knight youth training team are worlds apart. Have you forgotten the captain's instructions before the race? Leini had specifically analyzed the strengths of the five Nighhoof players before the competition, especially driver Ayano. The speed of nerve reflexes after drinking alcohol is nothing short of abnormal. The voice of the night conducted tests on this driver. Ayano's reflexes are 30% faster than those of an average adult male when sober and 60% faster when intoxicated. This is without Ayano having undergone any training. Now that the voice of the night group is preparing to cultivate Ayano, they will naturally provide targeted training for Ayano's outstanding neurological reflexes. In other words, Ayano will become even stronger in the future. Suchin still remembered what Leini had said. But so what? Suchin picked up the bottled water and calmly took a sip. Hey, are you even listening to me? Juan Shushuan was furious. At this moment, the staff members had already walked up to the two of them. Have you two decided on the departure order? Do you want to stick with the current order or make a change? The possible departure numbers are 3, 4, and 8. Um, could you give us a little time to discuss this? Before Hang Shuin could finish speaking, Such Chan replied, "I won't change it. It's fine as is." The staff reacted quickly, immediately turning to the Rose Goose man on the platform and making a gesture. Contestant Such Chen starting order is confirmed as number seven. "Okay." Rose Goose Bro tapped twice on the tablet. On the large screen at the scene, Su Chins departure number was locked. Mr. Huang, and you? The staff member looked at Huang Shushuin with a smile. Huang Shuan stared intently at Su Chens calm profile, his lips trembling. He clenched his fist and then relaxed it, relaxed it, and then clenched it again. Finally, she let out a long sigh and said to the staff, "That's fine, then. I won't change it." Huang Shushuin starting order is confirmed as number five. Okay. With Huang Sukun confirming the starting order, the starting order for all the competitors present was now finalized and would not be changed. It's too late to regret it now. The starting order form has already been submitted to the race organizers back end. The provincial preliminary round in the Tamila Mountain region is about to begin. Brother Rose Goose raised the microphone and announced loudly. All contestants, please proceed to your respective starting points and prepare to start. This competition will be a group based start with two contestants per group and each group will have a one minute interval between contestants. Sue dash shan dash, I'd like to see what you're up to today. Hanguin glared fiercely at Suchin, then pulled Yans hand and headed towards departure point number five. No matter how much they dislike Suchin, they were now teammates, members of the Northern Wolves T2 youth training team. Internal strife will only lead to defeat. To achieve better results, we must unite. Starting from position five is indeed disadvantageous, but at least it can keep one of the Night Hoof team riders occupied. Similarly, Such Chen's number seven position can also restrain Knigh Hoof's number eight driver. As for who will ultimately benefit from this check and balance, that depends on their respective abilities. Why didn't Such Chun and Huan Shushuan change the departure order? Yuming asked, looking puzzled in the VIP seats of Northern Wolf T2. I don't know, Liini shrugged. But Su Chin and Huang Shushuin are already mature players. As a captain, I can offer advice, but I shouldn't interfere too much with their decisions. As the saying goes, a general in the field may not obey the emperor's orders. We just need to trust their judgment. Maybe they have a special plan. Yumings lips twitched. What kind of special plan could there be? Suchin was positioned behind the five night hoof racers. So if a night hoof racer wanted to target him, he would have no chance to fight back. I can't understand Such Chen's choice at all. However, Shing Ming should know, right? After all, the person who knows the pilot best is the pilot's mecha girl. Just like these past few days, he's always managed to be caught by shadowchaser when he tries to raid at night. Star dream, do you know what your driver is thinking? He looked at the catered girl not far away. The next second, everything went black. Shing was seen resting her chin on her hands, gazing at Such Chen's profile on the big screen with a silly grin. Heihei Ma is so handsome. Dash he Yuming. Forget it. There's no point in asking Shing. Shing Ming is the kind of person who would drool even after being cured. Departure point. All Mecca girls enter deployment mode. The pilot enters the cockpit, checks the robot girl's condition, and adjusts her helmet, seat, and gloves. This is their last chance to adjust. If they feel uncomfortable during the game, they'll just have to hold it in. Master vehicle infotainment system normal. Engine temperature normal. Tire pressure is normal. Suchin gazed at the slender figure ahead. You could clearly hear the slight almost imperceptible tremor in the girl's voice. Don't be nervous. Suchin subconsciously placed his hand on Queen's belief. Both of them were stunned. The queen's eyes widened. a hint of bewilderment in her wine red pupils. Such Chin was completely embarrassed. He reluctantly withdrew his hand and coughed lightly. "Sorry, I got used to it when I was driving with Shing." The queen remained silent for a while, the blush on her pretty face gradually spreading and then fading away. After a long pause, she whispered, "Is this how master encourages Sister Shing? How unique, Suin? He needs to explain himself. Well, mainly because I can't really touch her head, so I get used to it after a while. Sigh. Well, master. Queen suddenly turned around, winking at Such Chen's surprised expression. How does it feel? Huh? Oh, this. Suchin blushed slightly. He never expected Queen to ask that question so suddenly. Why does it seem to have that sharp edge it used to have? My memory hasn't returned yet, has it? Is this a case of It's easier to change mountains and rivers than to change one's nature. Master, answer the question. Suchin looked at the seriousness in Queen's wine red eyes. Clearly, she really wanted to know the answer to this question. It feels great. Suchin couldn't lie and give any other answer, so he could only avoid Queen's gaze. That's good. Queen didn't say anything else and turned to look at the track again, "I'm not nervous anymore." Just as Suchin breathed a sigh of relief, she then casually remarked, "Master, you can pinch it more often in the future. It works very well, Suchin." Just as the atmosphere shifted from awkward to something that made people blush and their hearts race, a cold electronic voice came through the radio. 30 seconds until the start of the match. Contestants number one and two, please get ready to start. Chapter 137. Willing to serve. Boom. With the roar of two engines, the air at the starting point seemed to be ignited by gunpowder. It instantly became scorching hot. Ayano pilots a Mecca girl named Yahu. The name of the Nightigh Hoof team comes from this. It's worth mentioning that Night Hoof isn't a Mecca girl from the Night Voice group, but rather a Mecca girl that Ayano brought into Night Voice herself because Night Hoof and Voice of the Knight have no agreement. Ayano was in charge of Night Hofs modifications and training. The Night team can propose solutions, but Ayano also has the right to refuse. However, cases like Ayanos are rare. The Mecca Girls of other Night Hoof team members such as Lusoon were all voiced by Voice of the Night. This is because not just any Mecca girl can meet Voice of the Knights requirements and Night Hoof is one of the very few Mecca girls that has been approved by Voice of the Knights analyst team. Her performance is amazing. Just like her pilot Ayano, she possesses exceptional talent. The night hoof's engine roared like thunder, but an even sharper whistle rang out from the side, not to be outdone. Ayano narrowed his eyes and looked to the side. Contestant number one, Lin Weii, is from Peak Future Club. This is an unknown contestant, even less famous than Su Chin and Shing Ming. But this is absolutely no reason to underestimate Lin Weii. Peak Future Club is a top tier club on par with the voice of the night group. However, compared to Voice of the Night, Peak Future has much stricter standards for recruiting. I won't go into the basic assessments for the youth training team. They're based on the same standards as the Night Voice. The key is that after passing the assessment, you will have to race against Ferrari, the chief driver and president of Peak Future. This kind of performance evaluation pressure is naturally at its maximum. Based on the final race results, the chief will decide whether a driver can join a professional team. Lini Weii has clearly passed Freddy's test. Her Mecca girl body is as red as fire. She is a Mecca girl named Red Star with a flowing flame emblem. According to Luson, it was an A-class Mecca girl with an extremely high peak speed. Looks like a formidable rival. Ayano muttered to himself. You can tell how powerful a Mecca girl is by the sound of her engine. But to dominate the game, it's not enough for the Mecca girls to be strong. The driver's skills also need to be strong. Come on. Aano tilted his head back and down the last sip of vodka in one gulp. His bewitching eyes were filled with even more intoxication, and a wild smile crept onto his lips. Peak future Lini Weii, I hope you can give me my fill today. 10 seconds until departure. The two drivers exchanged a glance through the window. It was as if a declaration of war had already been issued at that moment, "Why is that old man looking at me like that?" Lini Weii looked away as if she had seen something offensive and muttered under her breath. "With hair that long, is he gay?" Chiing, who was in front, twitched his lips when he heard Lin Wei's words, but did not say anything. If that mysterious long-haired man heard this, he would be furious, right? However, few people can understand Lin Weiwayi's dialect. 3 2 1 The red signal light is off. The green traffic light suddenly lit up. Go. In that instant, two Mecca girls, one silver and one red, shot out like cannonballs, covering more than 100 meters in the blink of an eye. The terrifying burst of speed ignited the passion of the audience and fans in the stands while also leaving the contestants behind dumbfounded and under immense pressure. That's the captain's catapult star technique. It's amazing. Lu soon was sprayed with soot and his hair was messed up, but that didn't stop him from thinking Nayano was awesome. Brother Louu, look. Just then, a team member called out to Lu Sin. The game's about to start. What's there to watch? The 60-second countdown has started. Now is not the time to look around aimlessly. However, hearing the team member's urgent voice, Luon patiently lowered the car window and looked out at the side of the track. Six Mecca girls in preparation had already deployed. One of the Mecca girls, which was entirely black with scarlet headlights, looked very familiar. The moment Lucen saw the Mecca girl, his mind went completely blank. A chill ran from my heels down my spine to the top of my head. It's her. Lucen's pupils contracted. It's the Mecca girl who crashed into the vegetable market that night. Lucen's voice was not quiet, and the machine girl's hearing was extremely sharp. The queen heard Lucen's voice very clearly. Her pretty face flushed red, and she bit her lip, glaring fiercely at Luson. What? What should I say? What does it mean to walk head first into a vegetable market? You can't say things that would damage her image in master's eyes. But Master probably didn't hear it. The idea had just begun to form. Queen, what did that bob-haired guy just say? Did he say you bumped into the market? Suchin was completely bewildered. When did this happen? How come I didn't know about it? The queen's blush deepened. She lowered her head, looking conflicted, and said, "Yes, yes, I went out alone that night. But, master, I didn't just wander into the market. I I just wanted to see if I needed to buy some groceries." O Dash. Judging from Queen's expression, Such Chin knew that Queen must have run head first into the market. It's estimated that Queen went for a drive that night and was driving too fast, so she didn't turn properly and crashed into the market. This is entirely possible. Queen, don't go grocery shopping at night anymore. Suchin said earnestly. The market closes long ago at night. I I understand, master. So, here's the question. How did you get into the market? Queen. Master, the match is about to begin. Queen said, biting her lip. Let's focus on the match. Suchin gazed at queen's slender figure as a slight smile played on his lips. Cherish the days you have now because the good days of teasing the queen are numbered. Once queen regains her memories, her aura and attack power will return and he will be the one being teased. Master, I don't know why, but I really dislike that contestant. Queen pointed at Lucen, who was peeking in their direction, and said coldly. During the match later, master, could you take me to teach him a lesson? Of course, beautiful lady. Suchin skillfully touched the beacon and smiled. I'm happy to serve you. Chapter 138. The raging wind. Luon was unaware that he had already been targeted by Queen. He sat back in the cockpit, still shaken, and couldn't help but marvel at the many coincidences in the world. I never imagined that the unmanned Mecca girl I encountered that night was Queen, whose agreement with the voice of the knight had been terminated. If Queen couldn't start because of modifications, then that night must have been after Queen was remodified, and she came out alone as a Mecca girl for rehabilitation. Luson's mind flashed back to Queen's terrifying burst of speed, and he couldn't help but shudder. He doesn't like this version of himself. Luson patted his cheeks, took a deep breath, and encouraged himself. Luson, what are you afraid of? Shadow Blade is now an A-rank Mecca girl. That Mecca girl has amazing burst acceleration, but isn't your shadow blade amazing, too? Moreover, the opponent is definitely not as good as Shadow Sharp on the curves. Furthermore, the Mecca girl's performance on the track is also related to the pilot's skill. Do you really think your skills are inferior to hers? As the countdown to the match draws ever closer, Lucen gripped the steering wheel tightly with both hands. A strong opponent can certainly bring pressure, but defeating a strong opponent can also bring him unparalleled pleasure and a sense of accomplishment. Shadowblade, let's do our best today, too. The Mecca girl lying prone in front did not respond. The cockpit was quiet except for the vibration of the pre-loaded engine. The light in L son's eyes dimmed slightly. Since Shadow Blade became his Mecca girl, she has hardly had any interaction with him. Despite possessing strong attributes, compared to the Mecca Girls outside of the Voice of the Night, Shadow Edge is like a robot that can only execute specific commands. At first, he thought these shadow strikers were very good. Other people's Mecca girls get angry and throw tantrums. But Shadow Blade never gets angry. No matter what he does, it won't affect Shadow's ability to carry out his orders. But as time went on, he valued Shadow Strike more and more and regarded Shadow Strike as his important partner, even family. He realized that something very important seemed to be missing between him and Shadow Strike. It's impossible to describe exactly what's missing, but every time I think about these issues, I can't help but feel a little heartbroken. Brother Louu, what do you say? Should I keep a close eye on this kid? Team member number eight's voice came through the walkie-talkie. That night, team member number eight also participated in the training session and witnessed Queen's speed. Lu Sunun remained silent for a moment, then said calmly, "There's no need to watch too closely. In this match, we Nighhoof players need to show our fighting spirit. Let's save those tactics for the team competition to compete fairly with other players for the track championship." "Oh," responded player number eight. "Besides Ayano, Lun was the leader of the night hoof caravan, so naturally he would listen to whatever the leader said." However, Lu soon changed the subject. You can report to me later on how Such Chin and Queen are doing, such as how much of a gap there is between you and them. Brother Lu, you're underestimating me too much, the team member said indignantly. How is it that the gap is between me and them? Can it be that I'm the one who leaves them behind? Lucen smiled upon hearing this. All right, if you can shake them off, I'll cover all the modification and upgrade materials for your Mecca girl. Brother Lou, you said it yourself. Yes, I keep my word. Dear viewers, welcome to the provincial qualifying round, the Tacara Mountain Race. Did you think I was going to insert a commercial? No, no, no. That's too small-minded. There are no commercials in this competition. Just remember to look for Rose Goose brand hemorrhoid cream. The Rose Goose guy took out the hemorrhoid cream and showed it for three seconds before steering the conversation back to the competition. All six drivers have now started. Next up are driver number eight from the Knights Voice T3 Nighho team and driver number seven from our Northern Wolves T2 youth training team. I probably don't need to say more about driver number seven's identity. Viewers who watch the City Showdown will remember the close to the wall cornering and the rising and falling tail wing. However, Suchin will face an even tougher opponent in today's match. Will he be able to become that shining dark horse once again? We'll wait and see. At the starting point, staff members stood on the track holding up starting signs. Suchin drove the queen to a slow stop in front of the starting line. The queen's engine roared low, its black body gleaming with a cold metallic sheen in the sunlight. Suchin gently stroked the steering wheel with both hands, closed his eyes, and carefully felt every vibration coming from Queen. Suddenly, I heard the sound of a car window rolling down. Suchin opened one eye and saw that night hoof number eight was looking in his direction. I heard you're the guy who hugs the wall and uses the retractable tail wing when cornering. Contestant number eight size suit up and down then sneered. Not every race has tunnels for you to exploit. Tracks like the provincial qualifiers test the drivers true skill. Cheating won't work here. I'll show you the difference between you and our night hoof racing team. Suchin did not respond. He simply glanced at the man and then slowly rolled up the car window. That look in his eyes, it was as calm as the deep sea. It's like looking at a roadside. Contestant number eight sneer froze on his face and an inexplicable anger welled up from the bottom of his heart. What does this kid mean? Look down on him. Hey, he yelled at Suchin. What kind of eyes do you have? Just wait until I burst you out of there. This player, please refrain from making noise on the competition field. The referee walked over to driver number eight, knocked on the car window, and warned with a yellow card. If you harass the other drivers again, you will be penalized with a time penalty. Upon hearing this, contestant number eight quickly covered his mouth, but his angry gaze remained fixed on Such Chin. He was ready to show off his training results to the captain and brother Louu. 10 seconds until departure, Such Chen's breathing became long and regular. His left hand gripped the steering wheel while his right hand gently stroked the gear shift lever. His gaze was focused and his mind was as still as water. "Three queen," Suchin suddenly said. "Hm." The girl tilted her head slightly, her long black hair sliding down her shoulders. "Roar," Suchin murmured softly. "With your grievances, resentment, and anger. Two. The queen turned back to look at the track. Her eyes as cold as frost, but the corners of her mouth were slightly raised. One, go. Red light goes out. Green light suddenly turns on. In that instant, Suchin moved his right foot from the brake pedal to the accelerator with lightning speed while his left foot quickly released the clutch. The accelerator pedal was pressed all the way down. Launch control. Queen's answer was drowned out by the high-speed spinning engine and crushed by the sharp screech of tires rubbing against the track. Boom! The engine's roar was compressed into a short, violent howl. It was as if a sleeping behemoth had been awakened in an instant. The enormous torque is fully released through the transmission system. The pitch black car body, as dark as night, suddenly lowered, and the scarlet headlights burst forth with a captivating light. Thick white smoke rose instantly. Immediately afterwards, this jet black steel body broke free from all restraints as if it had been shot out by an invisible giant bow. She tore through the air. Tear off the shackles that bind you. The raging wind around me is a clarion call to freedom. Boom! Dash! Queen vanished from night hoof eight sight in an instant, becoming a blur almost imperceptible to the naked eye. The speed was so fast that even the wind couldn't react, leaving only a scorching blast of air and the acurid smell of burning tires in its wake. He could only watch helplessly as the queen's scarlet tail lights receded into the distance until it disappears completely. At this point, he was just getting started. Chapter 139. Do you like it? When two Mecca girls start at the same time, there will usually be a scene where they compete for the best driving route after launching. Unless the gap between the two players is really too large. For example, right now, Night Hoof Cycling Team's number eight rider lost the chance to compete with Queen for the best route right from the start. In less than 2 seconds, he and his Mecca girl were left 50 m behind. 10 seconds later, Queen was just a black dot in their eyes. Then it turned the corner and disappeared. Only the thunderous roar of the engine still lingers in my ears. This isn't right. This is going a bit too far. Contestant number eight was pale-faced and stared blankly in the direction where Queen had disappeared, even forgetting to operate the controls. Fortunately, the beginning of this preliminary track was a long straight acceleration. Otherwise, he might have crashed into the guardrail while he was distracted. After a while, he finally reacted to the queen's terrifying launch speed. He immediately turned on the radio and contacted Luson, who had already departed 2 minutes earlier. "Brother Lou, something terrible has happened." Luson, who was focused on driving the Shadow Blade, frowned slightly. "What's wrong? Calm down. Don't make a fuss." The voice of team member number eight, slightly trembling, came through the walkie-talkie. Too fast, brother. Lou, that machine girl is too fast. We just started and she launched herself off. We can't even see her tail lights anymore. What? Lun's eyes widened. He knew there was definitely some exaggeration in those words, but the issues they reflected were far from simple. Clearly, Suchin driving the queen, completely overwhelmed team member number eight, who didn't even have a chance to fight back. After being left behind in the initial launch, their subsequent acceleration and peak speed were no match for Su Chin and Queen. So, after the first bend, they'll never see Queen's tail lights again. Brother Louu, I'm not kidding. If Such Chin and Queen's speed isn't restricted too much on the curves, they'll catch up with number six in no time. Then you'll see. Is that Mecca girl really just a rank? Her burst performance is simply monster. I heard a bitter laugh tinged with self-abandonment. On the other end of the phone, Luson was silent for a while, then sighed and said, "All right, don't take it to heart. Just finish the race well." Despite saying that, he knew in his heart that he shouldn't expect to perform well in today's game on the eighth. as a professional racer from the Night Voice. Being crushed like this at the start of the race must mean he won't be able to sleep for several nights. Can a broken sword be reforged to be so incredibly sharp? Lu Sunun stared at the track before him, calm and focused. His opponent was unexpectedly strong, but that did not diminish his confidence because he was very clear about the weaknesses of Mecca girls who possess extremely high burst damage and speed. Curves and challenging terrain are common place in the Takmara mountain race. Queen, you're incredibly fast. In the cockpit, illuminated only by red breathing lights, Such Chin was enveloped in darkness as the track before him rapidly changed. The scenery outside the window was blurred into a hazy after image. This wasn't the first time he'd said this to Queen. He would say this almost every time he trained with amazement and praise. Does master like it? The girl in front tilted her head slightly, her long black hair swaying around her beautifully curved waist. I do like it, Suchin said with a rice smile. But it's nerve-wracking when I go around corners. Queen's attributes are now terrifying. After upgrading from B rank to A rank, the attributes become speed 82, curves 68, stable 66, burst 89, battery life 54. I simply have no money left. The only option is to temporarily install a white quality modification core for queen that provides plus one speed, plus three burst damage, minus one cornering speed, and minus one stability. In this way, Queen's core attributes, speed and burst damage, reach terrifying levels of 83 and 92, respectively. It's not that Suchin can't create a better core, but the main problem is that if he uses a better core to increase speed and burst damage, his reaction time won't be able to keep up with Queen's speed. This is even without Queen having any stigmata installed. If two more stimid are installed on Queen, her speed and burst damage will become even more terrifying. Master has handled the curves very well. Queen's voice carried a hint of amusement. Suchin thought to himself, "How could it not be good?" He used all two skill points he gained from the City Car King Championship and the Queen upgrade to drift control, raising it to level three, reducing drift speed loss by 15%. He also put one point into corner control, which has the effect of corner control level one, increasing stable cornering speed by 5%. These two skill enhancements related to cornering allowed him to practice cornering continuously in the training space. And it wasn't just ordinary practice. I don't know what's going on with that training space. It actually allowed him to fire missiles. He will use missiles to avoid obstacles. And if he passes all the obstacles, he will pass the level. If he hits one, it will explode. And he will experience the feeling of his body being blown to pieces. Suchin would remember that instantaneous excruciating pain for the rest of his life. The key issue is that the missile's speed is still increasing. However, the effect was immediate. After experiencing tens of thousands of explosions, he is now quite adept at controlling Queen. It's very enjoyable to be with Master. Queen suddenly said then asked, "Before you lost your memory, you must have had a lot of fun with Master too, right?" Suchin paused for a moment, a flash of reminiscence crossing his eyes. Does enjoyable mean being teased every day to the point of having to solve problems on your own? That was indeed very enjoyable. Only a master can control me, unleash my full potential, and allow me to roam freely on the track. Queen gazed at the track ahead, her eyes growing brighter. Fragments of memory surfaced in her mind during the first test of the voice of the night. Knight's modifiers said her speed and explosiveness were too high, which could pose a safety hazard to the driver and may also lead to inconsistent performance on the track. Therefore, the modification plan decided to reduce speed and burst power in exchange for a balance of other performance characteristics. However, Suchin always prioritized her strengths when modifying her, maximizing her explosiveness and speed before adding other performance features. Most importantly, Such Chin will proactively adapt to her speed and explosiveness. Instead of trying to change her and make her adapt, she likes this kind of modifier and this kind of driver. So, she wanted to bring glory to Suchin. Master, I will protect you. The queen's tone was full of determination. Even though she was moving very fast at that moment, even though no accident occurred, the entire vehicle's protection system was silently converging on Such Chin. In the event of an accident, Such Chin will be unharmed. Suchin did not notice Queen's almost imperceptible protective measures. He assumed that Queen had simply gotten carried away. It was the first time I had ever raced on a track, and the first time I had ever heard the wind whistling in my ears. She felt happy and excited. It jumps upwards little by little at the same frequency. The defeat of driver number eight from the Nighthof team was just the beginning. Suchin and Queen were well aware of this. To completely defeat Nighthof, simply leaving contestant number eight behind was far from enough. Even for Suchin, defeating Nighhoof was merely the beginning of a war against the voice of the night. Chapter 140. I'll take you flying. The moment when Su Chin and Queen completely overwhelmed Night Hoof number eight in the opening match instantly ignited the audience. The entire Yahoo team participated in this preliminary round. So nearly half of the audience were fans of the Nightigh Hoof racing team. At this moment, seeing this scene was more painful than eating [ __ ] for these night hoof fans. Let's not even mention that Captain Ayano of Night Hoof and Lin Weii of Peak Future are locked in a fierce battle. Furthermore, it seems that Night Hoof's number six player is no match for the number five blonde player from the Northern Wolves T2 youth training team. Finally, number eight was completely crushed by Su Chen and Queen. It's collapsed. It's completely collapsed. Those who didn't buy racing lottery tickets were still able to control their anger. Those who bought lottery tickets were already standing by the fence cursing. However, the host seemed to think the audience wasn't angry enough and continued to rub salt into Yahoo's wounds. Dear viewers, this is unbelievable. Brother Roast Goose roared at the top of his lungs. I thought that Night Hoof's number eight contestant would have a fierce battle with Suchin. Unexpectedly, contestant number eight was eliminated instantly. Is this a sign of moral decay or the extinction of humanity? Now, please welcome our five-star analyst, Mr. MacArthur, to explain. The sponsor of the provincial preliminary rounds is Peak Future. So, this time, Brother Rose Goose doesn't need to give face to voice of the night. MacArthur was temporarily filling in for the originally selected analyst who was on leave due to hemorrhoid surgery. But unexpectedly, he ended up hosting a competition in which Su Chin was participating. Holding the microphone at that moment, Oldm felt that fate was truly wondrous. I've watched Suchin grow up all along. I just didn't expect that Suchin would be using another Mecca girl in this competition. As we all know, raising Mecca girls requires time, effort, and money. Knowing that Suchun only had one Mecca girl in the provincial competition, I found it hard to believe that this Mecca girl, after less than a month of modification and training, was capable of competing in this competition. MacArthur paused for a moment. It seems that Suchin has no intention of slacking off or just playing along. He and his Mecca girl are serious and determined to win the game. He has shown us a Mecca girl with extremely ferocious performance. Yes, that performance is absolutely insane. It went berserk and launched itself so fast that it left number eight, another A-class Mecca girl, far behind. The words of Rose Goose Bro and MacArthur made Night Voice fans very upset. This made the Night Team members and President Gene Xen, who were in the VIP seats of the Night Voice, even more upset. This berserk Mecca girl used to be Chin Xen's contracted Mecca Girl. She chose Queen, who was only a B rank Mecca girl at the time, because she saw that Queen had great potential for growth and burst and speed, as well as special skills. Otherwise, the Mecca girl she chose would have had to be at least a rank to catch her eye. This demonstrates just how to top her queen's performance, even without modifications or stigmata. She can dominate B-class in terms of explosiveness and speed. And in the future, she will be able to dominate Aclass, S-class, SS class, and even SSS class. Shin Xen felt very sorry when he learned that the queen's modification had failed. The real pity isn't Queen, but rather that the queen couldn't be successfully modified. James, didn't you say that even if Queen could start up, its performance would be far inferior to before? Gene Xen harbored a nameless rage with nowhere to vend it so he could only take it out on the chief modifier James. James wiped the cold sweat from his forehead, pursed his lips, and said with difficulty, "Miss Jean, theoretically speaking, Queen shouldn't have such strong attributes, nor could she recover so quickly, "But doesn't Suchin have a mysterious master? Perhaps he's a legendary modifier, possessing the ability to turn the impossible into the possible." So, so Gene Xin sneered. Suchin says he has a master. So, he has a master. Even legendary modifiers have come and you can't find a reason to even mention things that aren't even legendary. Is it so hard to admit your skills aren't good enough? James lowered his head and didn't dare to speak. He absolutely refused to admit that there was anything wrong with his modification skills. His success rate in creating purple cores is as high as 30%. This has passed the association's testing and assessment. He has a gold medal modification engineer certificate, but he couldn't say anything. He didn't actually create a stable retractable tail fin core because Queen did indeed restart. Miss Jean, if you have speed and explosiveness, then your cornering performance is definitely not good. James said stiffly. This kind of Mecca girl does have an advantage in launch, but it's not good in corners. I believe that night hoof number eight will gradually catch up in the corners. Chin Xia neither confirmed nor denied James' explanation because Su Chin and Queen will soon be entering the Gobi Desert stage. The road surface here is no longer a smooth highway, but a broken road surface covered with gravel and extremely difficult continuous curves. There are no guardrails around the track and low cliffs on both sides with rushing river below. She didn't believe it. Such Chun and Queen were able to thrive in the Gobi Desert stage. Master, we are about to enter a difficult curve. Do you have any instructions? The Queen's spinning wheels screeched and groaned on the gravel road. Since entering this gravel road, Suchin clearly felt that the queen's body had become more difficult to control. However, his gaze remained calm and focused. How many meters are we still to Eagle Cliff? 1 and a half km. Master, Queen replied softly. The first challenging stage of the Eagle Cliff Stackmer mountain race. The entire cliff section consists of three consecutive hairpin bends. All three curves are almost 90°. However, sharp bends, gravel roads, and cliffs are not enough to make it frightening. But what if we add only one lane? Eagle Cliff has no two-lane road, only a narrow single lane road. The space is so narrow that the driver has only 5 m of margin for error on each side. Whether turning left or right, if the Mecca girl's vehicle moves more than 5 m laterally while cornering, both the driver and the Mecca girl will fall off the cliff. Suchin glanced at the queen's speedometer. minus 310 km per hour. A number that sends chills down your spine. Even more terrifying is that it only takes Queen less than 10 seconds to reach this instantaneous speed. What does this speed mean? In the blink of an eye, you can cross the 100 meter court. Suchin wiped the cold sweat from his forehead. For the first time, I felt the pressure that the excessive performance of the Mecca girl brought to the pilot. Don't rush. Let me have some water to calm my nerves. Suchin quickly sipped his saliva through the straw under his collar. The cool mineral water calmed his mind a little. Master, you can slow down to around 100 km per hour. With your skill level, you could easily pass. Queen glanced at Suchin's pensive face in the rearview mirror, her eyes filled with worry and guilt. More than wanting to enjoy herself, she hoped Suchin wouldn't be under so much pressure. 100 km is too slow. Suchin gripped the steering wheel tightly. In the distance, a warning sign marking a dangerous section of the race flashed by. At the edge of his vision, Eagle Cliff stood there. The track extends there and converges into the tiny apex of an isosles triangle, resembling the ferocious fangs of a monster. Queen, do you remember what I told you before the match? The queen slightly raised her eyes. Their eyes met in the rearview mirror. Today we will crush the night hoof caravan of the night voice. Suchen's voice was low and horse and his eyes gradually sharpened. So trust me, I'll take you flying over this triple hair and bend. Chapter 141. The eagle. Eagle cliff. An eagle that soarses over a cliff is a true eagle. Only the drivers who successfully navigate the Eagle Cliff are qualified to aim for the championship. While reading the map information, Suchin noticed that the three consecutive bends of Eagle Cliff were a downward slope. Although the slope is not very steep due to the difficulty of the track. It's clear that the track designer didn't intend for this track to be a major challenge in the qualifiers. It was merely an appetizer. Unfortunately, the track designer probably never even pilots a Mecca Girl and is unaware of the various uncertainties and difficulties that even a slight incline can bring to the pilot and Mecca Girls control. Ultimately, the Eagle Cliff became one of the most challenging stages of the Tacoma circuit. No matter how skilled the driver or how powerful the Mecca girl, they all have to slow down and proceed cautiously when faced with this downhill curve without guardrails. The queen's decision to slow him down to 100 kmph was not out of contempt. Instead, it was data provided by Leini when analyzing the map. The average speed of contestants participating in the provincial preliminary rounds when crossing Eagle Cliff was around 100 km per hour. Therefore, Queen believes that as long as she doesn't fall behind most drivers when cornering, she can gain more advantages on other tracks by relying on her bursts of speed and peak speed. So even if you go a little slower on Eagle Cliff, it won't make a big difference. But this is not what Suchin wanted. He will crush the Night Hoof Caravan of the Night Voice. He wanted Chin Xen and James to witness Queen's transformation. So full speed ahead. When they were less than 100 m from Eagle Cliff, Suchin eliminated all the plans in his mind and only one remained. The queen did not ask why. Even though Such Chen's instructions sounded absurd, but she still sped towards the cliff where the fearsome eagle stood. What are they trying to do? There was a large screen in front of Brother Rose Goose showing the competition footage of each group of contestants. We'll focus on explaining whichever side is the most exciting. He was observing the first group's match footage when he suddenly caught a glimpse of Queen rushing straight towards Eagle Cliff out of the corner of his eye, which startled him so much that he stood up. The director immediately switched the camera to Sue Chen and Queen. Before Brother Roast Goose's voice had even faded, Queen's figure appeared in the shot. Queen has already sped past the speed camera in front of Eagle Cliff. Click. A speed of 315 km per hour pops up on the screen and the entire audience falls silent instantly. All eyes were fixed on that dark phantom figure, watching her plunge head first into the deadly downhill slope before the first bend of Eagle Cliff. They want to jump. MacArthur's voice trembled. Inside the queen's cockpit, Such Chen's body was pressed into the soft seat by the violent acceleration. The helmet was pressed tightly against the headrest and sharp eyes peered through the windshield, locked onto the void at the end of the slope and the blurry landing point on the opposite bank. He gripped the steering wheel tightly with both hands, his knuckles turning white from the excessive force. It's not for turning, but to counteract the uncontrollable torque that may be generated during the moment of takeoff. The engine roared deafeningly in the closed cockpit, and the tachometer needles slammed wildly toward the red line. The instant queen's front wheels left the top of the ramp, his muscles tensed, and he seemed to be drawn into the cockpit like a magnet. Time seemed to stretch out and freeze at this moment. The queen's vehicle traced an elegant parabola through the air. She seemed to float above the setting sun, her black car body reflecting the afterglow like burning crimson flames. The roar of the engine remained ferocious in the thin air, and the scorching air flow from the exhaust pipe distorted the setting sun and the abyss beneath the chassis. She leaped over the cliff. The jump over the three consecutive bends, which are considered a dangerous route by countless athletes, defying the shackles of gravity, tearing through the twilight, it plunges straight to the other side. Boom! Dash! A deep muffled thud, loud enough to make the audience's heart stop. Time seemed to return to normal after that loud bang. The setting sun remained, but the dark shadow was nowhere to be seen. It turns out that they had already flown over Eagle Cliff and landed at the exit of the third bend. The impact of landing caused the suspension system to creek and groan, instantly compressing to its limit. Immediately afterwards, the rebound force propelled the vehicle body upwards. In the cockpit, Suchin took a deep breath and the instant the queen regained stability, slammed his right foot on the accelerator. Boom! The engine roared even more fiercely. The violent power was poured into the ground through the four hot tires, and the tires rubbed violently against the rough gravel road. The instantly melted rubber left two charred marks on the road surface, billowing white smoke. While roast goose bro my and the audience were still in shock. Queen burst through the lingering pale exhaust fumes and roared as she raced off the eagle cliff section. Click. The moment I passed the speed camera, a chilling number appeared on the counter. Minus 295 kmh. It flew over there. Roast goose bro completely lost his composure, his horse voice shattering the microphone. Such Chin and Queen, they didn't just turn a corner, they flew. They were flying at 300 km per hour, leaving the entire Eagle Cliff beneath their feet. Like real eagles, they soared across the abyss. After recovering from the shock, MacArthur immediately contacted the competition's referee team. After all, the normal way to pass this stage is to go around corners, not jumps. Suchin and Queen's actions may have violated the rules. The referee team quickly gave their conclusion. Such Chin and Queen's actions were completely effective. After all, this is completely different from taking shortcuts. The race is about the art of maneuvering on the track where the players can use the Mecca girls performance and skills to make the most of the terrain. Rules are rigid, but people are flexible. The moment the referee team declared the operation valid, the entire audience erupted in cheers once again. Ah, Ma is so handsome. Queen is so handsome. Seeing Su Chin and Queen's amazing moves, Shing Ming was even happier than if she had gone up there herself. Yuming and Zhaing next to him had the exact same expression. Their mouths agate wide enough to fit an egg. "Holy crap, you can do that. Look at them and then look at you," Zhuing said with a look of disgust, shifting her but a few inches closer to Shing. When are you going to be able to pull off something like this? Upon hearing this, Yuming gave a rice smile. Sister, we don't have that speed. Wouldn't it be suicide to just copy someone else's method? A cold glint flashed in Juyings eyes. You think I'm too slow? Yuming quickly shook his head. No, you can sleep outside tonight. Yuming. No. No. Kiru Le Yuni also breathed a sigh of relief. She was genuinely startled when she saw Such Chan and Queen rushing straight towards Eagle Cliff. She could vaguely sense what Such Chan was planning to do. Seeing Such Chen's successful maneuver still left me feeling a bit scared. This kid is driving so aggressively. Looks like he has quite a grudge against the voice of the night. Is he planning to keep overtaking us? He just wants to keep overtaking. Nor the girl in the next seat pushed up her glasses. They're about to catch up with contestant number six from The Voice of the Night. Chapter 142. The hunt. The Takmara Mountain Race starts 1 minute apart. There are only two players in each group. The track designers designed it this way for both fairness and visual appeal. If all trains depart at 1 minute intervals, one Mecca girl will depart each time. So these drivers might not encounter any other drivers before or after the race unless something unexpected happens to them. It's quite a spectacle when two drivers start at the same time on such a narrow track. At the same time, it will not affect the overall feel of the game due to too many players causing chaotic battles. Therefore, 1 minute is a time that the track designers believe is absolutely impossible to catch up with easily unless one player's skill level far surpasses that of the others. For example, right now on the big screen of the roast goose sky, the track that Such Chun and Queen were driving on was gradually approaching the number six contestant. Compared to contestant number six, Such Chin and Queen's scene seemed to be a beat behind. But for the audience, this delayed reaction could only be described in two words: outrageous. Everyone knew why. Even though the trains depart every minute, Such Chin and Queen are actually about to catch up with the drivers who started ahead of them. In other words, at the moment of tying the score, Such Chin and Queen will be one minute faster than that contestant. In various competitions, it's common for one competitor to be a minute ahead of the others. But this competitor about to be overtaken is knight hoof number six from the voice of the night. That's 83 player from a topter racing team. It's not some random cat or dog lying on the street. Suchin was unaware that he was getting closer and closer to night hoof's number six player. He was still reflecting on his previous actions. Phew, I was really bold. He had never made such a long jump before. He had done it entirely based on the data provided by Leini and Queen's speed. His calculations proved correct. Although the impact of the landing caused him to momentarily lose his composure. But at least the ending was good. This near-perfect jump was more than just saving him time. The important thing is that he broke free from his and Queen's confidence. Must's maneuver was flawless. Queen's reassuring voice rang out from ahead. If it were me, I would never have thought of using such a radical approach to get across Eagle Cliff. That's because your speed and explosive acceleration gave me the confidence to do so," Suchin said with a rice smile. He didn't have much time to think at that point, so he had to take a desperate gamble. The queen remained silent for a moment. Suddenly, he said, "Master, I like you." Huh? The sudden confession almost made Suchin lose his grip on the steering wheel. He swallowed hard about to say something. Queen continued, "I like your approval of me. I like the feeling of you controlling me." "Oh, that's all right." Suchin breathed a sigh of relief. "So that's what you like? I almost thought I was about to face a chaotic scene." "Master, are you getting the wrong idea?" Queen's voice rose slightly, tinged with a playful tone. It seems Master has feelings for me, too. So, Master is the kind of innocent pilot who can develop feelings for Mecca Girls. What a nobody, he weren't for those last two laughs. Su Chen really began to wonder if Queen had regained her memories. The way she speaks in that sarcastic tone and manner is exactly the same as the Queen from before, except that her tone is less aggressive. Focus on the race. Suchin had nothing to say and could only use the seriousness of a driver to cover up his embarrassment. Incidentally, I gave Queen's beliefs a sharp pinch. This trick worked very well. Queen immediately blushed and fell silent. Less than 5 minutes after passing Eagle Cliff, Su Chin and Queen finally left the Gobi Desert Stage and returned to the urban road area. As the last rays of the setting sun disappeared behind the mountains, night fell and street lights illuminated both sides of the racetrack. Suchin and Queen could vaguely hear the sound of an engine in their ears. Queen, did you hear that? Suchin narrowed his eyes. Hm. It's not the echo of my engine. It must be from another Mecca girl. Suchin didn't think any of the other contestants could overtake them. He had seen the performance of those Mecca girls and their burst speed and speed were far inferior to Queens. In terms of technical skills, he felt he was no worse than the professional drivers from the world's top clubs. So, there's only one answer left. We're about to catch up with the third group of riders who started. Upon hearing this, a glint of excitement shown deep within the Queen's wine red eyes. Ignoring the 1-minute interval between starts, catch up with the drivers who started ahead of you. Is there a more exciting moment than this? Dear viewers, Sue Chin and Queen are very fast and are about to catch up with contestant number six who started in the third group. The roast goose guy clearly noticed this amusing scene. Immediately instruct the director to simultaneously show the screen to Such Chin and contestant number six, splitting the screen in two with Such Chin on the left and contestant number six on the right. Contestant number six is from Night Hoof of the Night Voice T3 team. The Mecca girl he is piloting is a B-class Mecca girl with Thunderstar emblem. The pilot Yaru is a B-class pilot, so there is no need to say more about contestant number SIXS strength. He can definitely be considered one of the top tier in this competition. However, he is still about to be caught up by Such Chin and Queen. Perhaps he did not perform well in this competition. MacArthur glanced at the roast goose guy next to him, who remained unfased as he continued to expose the night voic's shortcomings and was secretly alarmed. This roast goose guy isn't afraid of getting knocked unconscious one night while walking alone, stuffed into a sack, and drowned in the river, is he? However, there is one point he agrees with. Yato's performance in today's match was indeed not very good. Number eight was left behind at the start and number six couldn't catch up with Hang Shuan from the Northern Wolves youth training team. Even Inel who is known as the god of wine was unable to create a significant gap in his match against Lini. Only players number three and four remained unharmed as both were members of the Night Hoof team and naturally wouldn't fight each other. There's one more bend. Brother Roast Goose's voice suddenly rose. Well catch up after just one more bend on the road race track. Suchin drove the queen through a beautiful power drift through a level three hairpin bend. As they launched themselves fully fueled out of the corner and sped off, a matte black Mecca girl with silver trim appeared in their field of vision the instant they emerged from the bend. The roar of the engine echoing in my ears grew clearer and clearer, clearly coming from that Mecca girl. It's contestant number six from Voice of the Night. Suchin pursed his lips, his fingers gripping the steering wheel tightening involuntarily. Queen felt the power of Suchin's fingers and the excitement and fighting spirit in her eyes intertwined into a surging crimson tide. Master, please give instructions. Nothing to instruct. Suchin stared at the tail lightss of driver number six and snorted coldly. Now hunting time. Chapter 143. The hunter. This is unbelievable. When did Northern Wolves T2 recruit such a strong youth player? Yaru is in a very bad mood right now. He discovered that no matter how hard he tried to catch up with Huang Shushuan and Schwan, there was always a gap between them. Just when he felt he was about to catch up, his opponent would always manage to block him at the bend and regain the distance advantage. Is it because his Mecca girls performance is inferior to that blond-haired B-class Mecca girl? That's impossible. His Mecca girls are not a rank, but they are B+ rank, just one step away from a rank. All it takes is to give the Mecca girl another training memory capsule or replace her core with a slightly better one to meet the standards for promotion to a rank. The answer was obvious yet hard for Yruu to accept. The Northern Wolves T2 Youth Academy player had better skills than him. Damn it. How could my driving skills be inferior to that of some unknown blonde kid? Yaru was pondering what strategy to take to overtake Huang Shiruan and Shuan Yan ahead of him. Suddenly, a loud engine roar rang in my ears. Boom! That voice was stunned. At first, he thought it was the sound of a cloud-piercing engine until the engine sound gradually became distinguishable from the engine sound coming from the front. No, that's not right. Yu glanced at the rearview mirror, his eyes filled with disbelief. The engine noise is coming from behind me. Someone is catching up. He reacted instantly and drew a conclusion. However, he himself found this conclusion absurd and laughable. The departure interval is 1 minute. How could someone manage to match that 60-second time difference? He stared intently at the rearview mirror, trying to see who it was. As the hum of the engine drew closer, a completely black Mecca girl, as dark as night, appeared behind them. The scarlet headlights resembled the eyes of a pack of wolves in the night. Seemingly noticing his gaze, the car headlights suddenly blazed on like a wolf king spotting its prey, its eyes flashing with greed and murderous intent as it pounced to tear its prey to shreds. Murderous intent. These words uncontrollably popped into Yoru's mind. He sensed the sharp killing intent emanating from one of the Mecca girls. The distance is gradually closing. Y you shuddered, gritting his teeth. How could I possibly let you overtake me so easily? He recognized him. That's contestant number seven, another youth training member of Northern Wolves T2. What's his name? Such Chin. It said that the wall hugging cornering and the rising and falling rear wing in the City Car King Championship not long ago came from this contestant. Brother Lu also said that if there is a chance to compete against this contestant, he must report the situation to him. Yu never imagined that he would actually be competing against Such Chin because they weren't even starting from the same group. But now they've come to us on their own initiative. Master, we are entering a tunnel 150 m ahead. The Mecca girl's cold, emotionless voice rang out. Yu felt a chill run down his spine. Tunnel. A sense of foroding had just begun to rise in his heart. The next second, their vision was completely swallowed up by the thick darkness of the tunnel. Boom! Dash! The roar of the engine was amplified and distorted infinitely in the semi-encclosed space, becoming deafening. Closely following behind was the all black Mecca girl like a ghost blending into the shadows, plunging headlong into the cage of light and darkness. The road tunnels in the Tacara Mountain Race are not illuminated for the entire length. To increase the difficulty, the designers installed a tunnel light only every 100 m. This resulted in the entire tunnel operating in alternating periods of darkness and light. Whoosh. Upon entering the area illuminated by tunnel lights, the pale light briefly dispelled the darkness. in Yaru's rear view mirror. The jet black Mecca girl reflected the cold light of the tunnel lights, clinging to him like a leech, closing the distance considerably since they entered the tunnel. Darkness descended once more. Only the roar of the engine and the pair of scarlet headlights proved that the hunter had not disappeared. Whoosh! Re-enter the illuminated area. This time, Yaru saw it more clearly. The Mecca girl was even closer to him. The grotesque silhouette froze in the bright light as if it were about to pounce and tear him apart. A chilling killing intent pierced the air, almost piercing his spine. Light darkness, light, darkness. The tunnel ceiling lights resembled runaway strobe lights. The hunt is cut into breathtaking frames. Every time he entered the tunnel's illuminated area, Yaru's heart felt like it had been struck by a heavy hammer. The figure of that Mecca girl was always closer and clearer than in the previous frame. She seemed to leap closer through the gaps in the darkness. Each flash is like a countdown to death. Damn it. Yu's fingertips turned white from the force and cold sweat soaked his back. He tried desperately to calm himself down and let reason control his brain. But the oppressive feeling of the Mecca girl following him like a shadow, flashing and advancing in the light and shadow almost made him breathless. With each shift between light and darkness, the space behind him was relentlessly swallowed up. A chill crept up Yaruyu's spine from his heels. I don't know when the Mecca girl was less than a meter away from him. This is a dangerous distance. so dangerous that if he were to break, the two Mecca girls could collide, resulting in a total loss of life and property. Similarly, this is also the optimal distance for the opponent to launch a final attack. Contestant number six, Yaru, is about to be overtaken. Rose, Goosebro, and MacArthur stared intently at the big screen, their hands gripping the microphones tightly involuntarily. An uproar erupted in the audience. The number of fans angrily criticizing the night hoof racing team has increased significantly. The shouts of support for Suchin became clearer amidst the clamor. More passers by and viewers began to inquire about Such Chin when they discovered that the recently much discussed wall hugging cornering and rising and lowering rear wing were all from Such Chin. A sense of surprise arose spontaneously and they became fans and joined the ranks of those supporting him. Shin Exon's face was gloomy. James kept wiping away sweat. Shinming stood at the very edge of the railing, gazing at Queen's figure on the big screen. Her mouth was slightly open and her eyes sparkled with a mixture of anticipation and excitement. Inside the queen's cockpit, Such Chen's lips moved slightly. General, there's a bend in the road 50 m ahead. Suchin turned the steering wheel. This is not the first time this method has been used in a tunnel. Every step of the meticulous operation was performed with ease and familiarity. With his subtle adjustments, Queen became like a gecko. The moment it entered the curve, the outer wheel easily gripped the tunnel wall. It clung tightly to the cold tunnel wall. The car almost perpendicular to the track. The moment of bursting out of the apex of the bend. That's also the moment when you floor the accelerator. Boom. dash. The engine roared. The queen flashed like a black lightning bolt at the boundary between light and darkness, leaving the bend in the blink of an eye and shooting out like an arrow released from a bow. At that moment, Yaru had just slowed down and was piloting the Mecca girl to drift around the corner. Before he could react, he felt a cold, dark shadow accompanied by a violent current brutally crush his drift trajectory in a way and speed he couldn't comprehend, instantly leaving him behind. All that remained in my field of vision were those two scarlet tail lights speeding away. During the process of being overtaken, he wasn't even qualified to compete with Such Chen and Queen. Chapter 144. That guy is here. They overtook us. They really overtook us. Brother Roast Goose suddenly stood up and roared into the microphone. Such Chin and Queen overtook their group by breaking the one minute interval between starts. That was truly amazing, viewers. Most of you probably know how impressive it is to overtake in a different group. And that overtake lasted a full minute. Wow. Shing Ming blinked her big eyes and turned to ask Shuing next to her. Sisterha Ying, is it rare to overtake someone from another group? Meow. It's very rare. Zhu Ying looked at Shiming strangely and said with some emotion. It's especially rare in open competitions like the provincial preliminaries because the strength of the players is not that different, and there is a 1-minute interval between starts, so it's too difficult to overtake across groups. Your master and his second starting Mecca girl are really fierce. Oh. Shing Mings eyes lit up even more. Her eyes lit up even more as she listened to the cheers that echoed throughout the stadium. Queen isn't Masa's second released Mecca girl. She looked at the black Mecca girl in the center of the big screen and said to Juing, "She's also Masta's first released Mecca girl, just like me. Meow." The way he looked at the stars and the shadows became even stranger. After a while, she patted Shing Mings head and smiled helplessly. Ching Ming, are you silly? If Queen ever bullies you in the future, just tell me and I'll get revenge for you. Queen won't bully me." Shing Ming pouted. She could roughly understand why Shuing said that, but she could sense that Shuing meant well. Many pilots distinguish between the first launch Mecca Girl and the second launch Mecca Girl. The first launch Mecca girl receives more resources, while the second launch Mecca girl serves as a backup and is only qualified to replace the first launch Mecca girl if she is not in good condition. But Masta is clearly not that kind of person. Moss treated her and Queen equally without any distinction between starting and second round starters. A good pilot is one who doesn't let any of the female Mecca girls around him be sad. At this moment in the VIP seats of the voice of the night, Chin Xen's face darkened even further. James, Eagle, Cliff, Such Chin, and Queen's performances almost crushed all the other players, and they passed smoothly. Now they're even overtaking Night Hoof's number six player across groups. What else can you say? James felt a bitter taste in his mouth upon hearing this. What did he say? What could he say? After remaining silent for a long time, he finally managed to squeeze out a sentence. Miss Jean, look, Such Chin and Queen's flying jump over the Eagle Cliff and their overtaking of Night Hoof number six were indeed very amazing. But didn't you notice that they didn't use any normal cornering techniques? Whether it's a high jump or a wall hugging overtake, you don't need any cornering skills at all. The other curves weren't challenging enough to test Such Chin and Queen. Let's look at it from another angle. Since Such Chen and Queen aren't using conventional methods to navigate difficult corners, is it possible that Queen's cornering performance makes it difficult for him to complete challenging maneuvers? This is also a problem you discovered after signing the agreement with Queen, which led to our team's professional modification plan for Queen. Sheen Xi and pause for a moment. James's statement is reasonable and wellounded. All Mecca girls who enter the Voice of the Night need to undergo a self-driving test. The test results at the time were clear. Although Queen was exceptionally good in terms of burst and speed attributes, its cornering performance was only average. If Queen's burst and speed performance are fully unleashed, she can only handle some relatively simple corners. In order to get Queen on the track as soon as possible, she asked the Knight Team to balance Queen's cornering performance. After all, the national level competitions she is currently participating in feature a variety of challenging terrains and difficult course combinations. Without stable cornering performance, she simply couldn't finish the race. Furthermore, Queen's initial battery life was insufficient to complete national level competitions. Let's see how it goes then. Gene Xen snorted coldly, then said to his newly hired assistant. Aren't those spectators who bet on the night hoof racing teams rankings demanding refunds? Give them refunds. Aren't they accusing us of fixing the race? Give them all refunds. The assistant was stunned. But Mr. Chen, this will cause us to lose a lot of money. The voice of the night doesn't care about a few measly coins. Chin Xen waved his hand dismissively. Record the real names of these ticket refunding spectators. They're forbidden from buying tickets from any of our Voice of the Night racing teams in the future. They want refunds, let them. Previously, buying into the Night Voice racing team was basically a guaranteed profit. Moreover, the drivers of NightVoice have a strong ability to perform under pressure and often make unexpected comebacks. Therefore, the odds for the NightVoice team are the largest. Sheen Xin sneered inwardly. These lottery players have made so much money off voice of the night. And now that voice of the nights fleet has encountered a minor problem. They're demanding refunds. Then never buy it again. Go buy another racing team. Anyone with eyes could see that Gene Xen was not in a good mood at the moment. The assistant didn't say anything more and quickly did as Gene Xen instructed. Ladies and gentlemen, we see him cornering along the wall again. Such Chan is cornering along the wall continuously. I think this technique is almost becoming one of his signature moves. While hosting, Brother Roast Goose was inwardly exclaiming how awesome it was. It's precisely because I host competitions like this that I feel motivated. There's absolutely no need for commercial hype. The contestants performances speak for themselves, making it hard not to praise them. Furthermore, frequently hosting such competitions increases his public profile and popularity, potentially leading to promotions, raises, and the opportunity to host even larger competitions in the future. Just then, the director suddenly brought up a shot for Brother Roast Goose to see. It turned out to be another tunnel area. Lini Weii driving the Crimson Star was half a car length behind Aayano driving the night hoof. As the tunnel turned, Lin Wei Weii drove the Red Star closer to the inside of the tunnel, also using the wallhugging driving technique. Despite having only two wheels pressed against the tunnel wall, instead of all four like the Queen, he still managed to overtake with a single press of the accelerator. Wow. Lini Weii, the driver from Peak Future Club, also knows how to hug the wall. No wonder she seems so nonchalant about being drawn for the number one position. She really has real skill. Brother Roast Goose's eyes lit up and he immediately pulled up the images of Red Star and Night Hoof. In this way, on the left side of the screen, there is the battle between Red Star and Night Hoof. While on the right side of the screen, Such Chin and Queen stand out alone. The other contestants were relegated to the edges and corners of the two screens, completely out of the picture. Meanwhile, a drone continued to follow Suchin and Queen, filming them. At this point, Suchin and Queen had already left the tunnel area. "What a pity," Suchin side. "They didn't include more tunnels in the provincial qualifiers. That way, I could just hug the walls on all the curves and wouldn't need to slow down at all." "But Master, wouldn't this be too much of a blow to the other players?" Queen blinked and covered her mouth to chuckle. I don't care how big the blow is. If you're not as skilled as others, you have to accept it. Suchin chuckled. Then the roar of an engine echoed across the track ahead. Needless to say, it must be Huan Shuin and Shuan. Big yellow is pretty strong. He managed to beat up night hoof teams number six driver. Suchin's lips curled slightly. Too bad. Now it's my turn. At the same time, 500 meters ahead on the track. Huang Shiruan, who was driving through the clouds, also heard the sound of Queen's engine. He was very familiar with that sound because he had secretly listened. And every time Suchin and Queen were running laps and training at the club's training ground, hearing this now just makes my scalp tingle. Wait, how did Queen's voice come from behind me? It's unbelievable and hard to understand, but he was convinced he couldn't have misheard. He trusted his ears and experience. Chuan Yun, run. That guy is charging in. Chapter 145. Queen's shortcomings. Struggling is pointless. Even though Hang Mao and Chuan Yun gave it their all, the Black Phantom still managed to overtake us from the side. Huang Xiun felt a chill run down his spine as he looked at the speeding Mecca girl next to him. He vaguely remembered that Such Chin and Queen didn't run at this terrifying speed when they were running laps on the club's training ground. Master, she's so fast. Chuan Yans voice clenched through gritted teeth came from ahead. It's too fast, so fast that I can't even think about competing with her. It was rare to hear such weariness and helplessness in Shuan Yans words. As they spoke, the two Mecca girls had reached a stalemate. Juan Shuan subconsciously looked towards the driver's seat opposite him. Suchin happened to look over as well. His gaze was calm and serene, a slight smile playing on his lips before he raised his hand and gave a thumbs up in this direction. What are you doing? Juan Shushuan was stunned when he saw the thumb and then it turned red quickly to the naked eye. You're mocking me, aren't you? You overtook me and then gave me a thumbs up. Before Suchin could completely overtake them, Juan Sheruan immediately gave Suchin an international friendship gesture. What's so great about overtaking other vehicles by hugging the tunnel walls with your high burst damage and high speed? If you're so capable, try driving like that when you come out of the tunnel and go uphill. Huang Shushuan pointed at the window, his face full of anger. Suchin couldn't hear what the blond-haired man was saying. He just felt a little confused. He gave the blonde guy a thumbs up, praising his driving, saying he'd at least suppressed the number six driver from the night hoof team. Why didn't the blonde guy appreciate it? He even seemed to be swearing quite rudely. Queen, can you hear what Hang Shushuin is saying? Suchin, recalling the machine girl's incredible hearing, asked a question. Queen listened intently for a while and after a long pause said in a serious tone. Master, he said, "You're so handsome and he wants to become a pilot as skilled as you." "Oh, really?" Suchin scratched his head. "Was he mistaken?" "But why did he give the middle finger?" Queen replied without hesitation. that was erected for the number six rider of the night hoof team. He said that the number six rider was a little brother, not even worth a hair of masters. He That's great. Suchin was delighted. Seeing Huang Shushun across from him, his eyebrows twitching and his face flush red, I couldn't help but think to myself, "This blonde guy, though sometimes a bit stubborn, is ultimately a man of character. Huang Mas worship of him must be like a surging river, never ending. After all, a boy's blush speaks louder than a thousand words. Suchin stepped on the gas and overtook it. There's no need to worry about the risks of curves in the tunnel. Just stick to the wall whenever there's a curve, and you don't need to slow down at all. When Queen bursts into full speed, Cloud Piercer is no match for her. There was no evidence that Huang Sukun as a teammate intentionally blocked the way. This overtaking maneuver was very easy for Such Chin and Queen. Such Chin and Queen have overtaken again. The Rose Skoo Sky looked amazed, but his tone wasn't as exaggerated as before. It's already impressive enough that they were able to surpass Team Knight Hoof's number six. Overtaking his own teammates seemed much more normal. It seems that Suchin and Queen are in top form today. Their continuous cornering and wall hugging driving will give them a significant advantage in the tunnel. Will they be able to overtake Nighthof number three and night hoof number four ahead of them? Rose Goose Bro handed the microphone to MacArthur. Let's hear what our five-star track analyst, Mr. MacArthur, has to say. MacArthur took the microphone. He didn't actually want to answer questions that could easily offend the team. After all, he was just a small-time track analyst. Big companies like Night Voice and Peak Future could easily ruin his career with a few tricks. However, since it involves Suchin, he is willing to take a little risk. Just like fans are willing to take the risk of being cheated by scalpers in order to buy tickets to the games. It's all love. I think Suchin will be unable to surpass contestants number three and four, mainly for two reasons. MacArthur took a sip of tea and said calmly. First, to catch up with number three and four, one would need to match the two-minute interval between starts, which means that both Such Chen skills and the performance of his Mecca Girl far surpass those of number three and four, which is unrealistic. Secondly, based on what we've seen so far, both Such Chin and Queen are using unconventional methods to handle difficult corners. I don't think there's anything wrong with unconventional methods. It's just that some difficult curves can't be solved using unconventional methods. He clased his hands together, narrowed his eyes, and lowered his voice. For example, after leaving the tunnel area, you enter the mountain road around the Tacara Mountains. The entire mountain road is 103 km uphill and 64 km downhill. All of which are steep curves without guard rails. The entire Tacara Mountains area is the most difficult part of this qualifying round. If Su Chin and Queen want to continue closing the one minute gap between the starters and catch up with riders number three and four, they will need to perform better than riders number three and four in the mountain bike cornering area. As everyone knows, Thunderstar's Mecca Girls are great in every way except for being difficult to control. Their performance was as explosive as Thunder, yet as untamed as Thunder. MacArthur's analysis was quite insightful, and it was similar to what most referees and analysts on the field thought. While possessing powerful speed and explosive performance, the Thunderstar Mecca Girls must inevitably make sacrifices in other aspects. The only way to compensate for the shortcomings in the Mecca girl's performance is through the pilot's skill. However, Queen, this Mecca girl, is clearly not so easy to control. Rose Goose Bro took back the microphone and said with a smile, "Such Chin and Queen are about to enter the mountain area. Whether he can maintain his advantage and catch up with contestants number three and four depends on his performance on the mountain track. Now, please announce the average speed of all contestants." As brother roast goose finished speaking, the average speed rankings of the 10 athletes were also displayed on the electronic screen. Such Chun and Queen were ranked first with an average speed of 283 km perph. It is far ahead of Linui and Chickixing in second place with a speed of 251 km perph. The 32 km average speed difference caused another uproar in the stands. The average speed difference between the contestants following Lin Weii was relatively small. For example, Ino's average speed is 250 km per hour and he and Lyni Weii are locked in a fierce battle. The other runners were also only about 1 or 2 km apart in terms of average speed. It's worth mentioning that Huang Shushuan and Shuan managed to reach exactly fifth place despite facing so many strong competitors. Master, we are about to enter the Uphole Mountain track. The queen's voice carried a hint of worry. She also knew what her weaknesses were. He was afraid that all the advantages he and Suchin had worked hard to build up in the early stages would be completely wasted in the long mountain stages. Relax. Suchin conveyed his message, his eyes slightly narrowed. Mountain bike tracks are indeed Queen's weakness, especially this kind of mountain road. But his skills are not for nothing. The pain he endured from being torn apart by countless missile explosions in the training space was not in vain. Chapter 146. Anyone can climb a mountain. Takmara Mountain Race. The competition with the highest altitude gradient among the five provincial budget competitions. In terms of track difficulty, it is more friendly to control type Mecca girls with the Stormstar power such as Cloud Piercer. These types of Mecca girls possess excellent cornering and stability performance, making them more capable of handling complex mountain tracks. Comparatively speaking, it's not very friendly to the Mecca girls with the Thunder and Flame Star emblems. Especially for the Thunderst Stars, the constantly undulating mountain roads make it difficult for them to unleash their explosive performance. After all, you can't just burst into acceleration on a curve, can you? And there are no guardrails in the Tacoma Mountain race. Even if the organic girl wanted to use the guardrail to collide with the car body to correct its condition, it would be unrealistic. At this moment, Lin Wei and Ino had entered the downhill section of Takmara Mountain. Lusen number three and Knight Hoof number four are about to reach the summit. Such Chin and Queen are currently the only ones about to enter the uphill section. He was the focus of almost all the spectators in the arena. Whether it's Roast Goose Bro, MacArthur, Gene Xen or the audience who are either fans or not, they are all very concerned about one thing, whether Such Chin and Queen can perform as well on the mountain bike track as before. It was 7:34 p.m. Such Chin and Queen entered the Tacmara Mountain Stage 1 minute after leaving the tunnel. The roar of the engine seemed to be partially swallowed up by the thick darkness the moment we entered the mountain road, becoming dull and oppressive. An oppressive feeling came from all directions. Night is the greatest enemy. The Queen's scarlet headlights could only pierce a small patch of deep darkness ahead, illuminating the rugged rocks and rough road surface. But further on, the view was mercilessly swallowed up by a sudden bend in the road. Nobody knows what lies beyond the bend. There are no glamorous neon lights in the city, nor are there any bright street lights. Only a few scattered warning lights, as faint as fireflies, flickered weekly red at the treacherous bands, offering no sense of security, but instead adding to the coldness and unease. These faint points of light appeared so small and hopeless against the boundless darkness and the distant cliffs. There are no guardrails along the entire mountain bike course. On the right side of the queen, the wheel was almost touching the edge of the road. Beyond the edge lies the bottomless cliffs of the Takmara Mountains, stained black by the night. Occasionally, a mountain breeze blows by, and it seems as if one can hear the wailing of the abyss. Every turn, every tiny directional correction made you feel as if the car might slide into the all-consuming darkness at any moment. The road surface appeared narrow and cramped under the headlights with one bend after another. Sharp angles and steep slopes like treacherous patterns swirling on the back of a giant beast. After navigating the first few dangerous bends, Suchin cautiously reduced Queen's speed to an average of 150 km per hour. Master, if you feel too much pressure, we can lower it a bit more. The queen bit her lip. Not only Suchin felt the pressure, but she did too. Even though the Mecca girl has extremely strong night vision, she cannot see through things. The short sharp bends of the Tacara ring road make her view very limited. Who knows if a cliff or an even more treacherous sharp turn lies behind that fleeting bend. Without information, everything becomes unknown. At this moment, her powerful bursts of speed and explosiveness became a hindrance. Stay calm. Such Chen's voice transmitted through the helmet conveyed a reassuring calmness to Queen. She gradually suppressed her unease and focused her attention on observing the road conditions and being ready to protect Su Chen's safety at any time. Such Chen's decision was not out of cowardice, but out of respect for the track. He needed time. He needed Queen's sensory system and his own eyes and brain to adapt to this unprecedentedly treacherous terrain. to identify the curvature of curves in the dark, to judge changes in road grip, to calculate the limits of each turn. With the abyss just the stones throw away. Boom! The Queen cruised smoothly along the winding mountain road, the engine roaring in a deep and restrained voice. The tail lights drew two scarlet streaks in the darkness. Every sharp turn was navigated with a most care as precise as dancing on a knife's edge. In the audience seats, a huge circular screen was switching between different stages of the race in real time. When the camera focused on Queen, who had just entered the mountains and was carefully climbing the hill, a subtle commotion and whispers arose in some of the stands. This speed is clearly much slower. I thought they could continue to overtake. You charged so hard on the flat sections. I thought you were really something. But you chickenen out as soon as you went uphill. Tamara is not a place you can run slowly. There are quite a few diehard fans of the voice of the night. Actually, Such Chin and Queen are not slow at the moment. She's a bit slower than Leni, who's at the peak of her career, but a step ahead of Ao, and they were almost evenly matched with Night Hoof's number three and number four players. But Such Chin and Queen's performances earlier were just too outstanding. Many fans of Voice of the Night were holding back their excitement. And now that they saw Such Chin and Queen getting their comeuppants on the mountain road, they all jumped out to cheer them on. "Miss Jean, you see?" James finally breathed a sigh of relief. Queen's weakness lies here. If it were our night team's modification plan, Queen could still maintain its high speed right now. It's just a pity. Chin Xen stared coldly at the big screen without saying a word. However, the sharpness in his eyes diminished somewhat, clearly indicating that he accepted James's explanation. In the stands of the Northern Wolves, Shing pursed her lips, gripped the railing tightly with both hands, and her azure eyes were filled with worry and unease. Even though she didn't personally go on the track, she could almost understand what Such Chen and Queen were facing at that moment. darkness, poor visibility, difficulty in obtaining sufficient track information, and a treacherous track environment without any protective measures. Shing Ming, don't worry. Queen's speed is actually not slow. Shuing squeezed Shing Mings hand and comforted her. Look, the average speed of the runners who have already gone up the mountain is only about 150 kmh. Suchin and Queen just need to finish this mountain section steadily. Although that's true, Zhuing wasn't optimistic. Going up the mountain is easy, but coming down is hard. The Thunder Stars Mecca girls wouldn't expose all their weaknesses when going up the mountain. However, once they reached the downhill section, the feeling of being difficult to control forces the pilot to reduce the speed of the Mecca girl to an extremely low level. Leini sat not far away, her brows furrowed. She remained silent, but her slightly forward-leaning posture and taught jawline betrayed the gravity of her heart. She knew that Such Chen's goal was not just to win the championship. He wanted to trample the entire Night Hoof Caravan under his feet. As captain, she knew all too well the dreadfulness of the Tacara Mountains and what falling behind on the uphill sections meant. The downhill sections would be her only chance to catch up, but also the riskiest. Could the queen handle it? Despite the challenges that Such Chan and Queen are facing, but both Rose Scoos bro and MacArthur tacitly refrain from making any comments, they are waiting. We await the moment when Such Chen, a player who always brings surprises, will create a miracle. On the Tacara Mountain Racetrack, the night was deep. The Queen's scarlet headlights sliced the darkness into fragmented silhouettes. Inside the car, Such Chen's gaze swept across the dashboard, past the seemingly within reach cliff outside the window, and finally through the windshield onto the unknown and steep downhill road that was completely shrouded in darkness in the distance. In the depths of his eyes, there was no trace of the retreat and confusion that the audience had imagined. There was only a tranquil frozen lake. Beneath the frozen lake, a fierce fighting spirit and resolute determination like subterranean fire are about to be unleashed. Queen: Um, I remember there were drainage ditches along the way down the mountain, right? Faced with Such Chen's strange question, Queen thought for a moment, then nodded. Yes, Master, there is a drainage ditch. That's fine, then. Such Chen's lips curled up slightly. Anyone can climb a mountain. Then come, let's have a contest down the mountain. Chapter 147. It's accelerated. After a period of adjustment, Su Chin and Queen steadily increased their speed, eventually stabilizing at around 170 km per hour. This continued until the summit of Tacara. Apart from that, there were no other notable achievements. Such Chun and Queen have a strong ability to adapt to the track. Seeing that the conclusion was basically settled, Brother Roast Goose finally picked up the microphone. Looking at the races that Suchin has participated in so far, there are no mountain tracks like the Takamara Mountains. This is his first time challenging a mountain road like the Takamara Mountains, and it's at night. The average speed was 150 km perph when entering the mountain and 170 km per hour when reaching the summit, demonstrating the improvement of both Such Chan and Queen. Brother Rose Goose finished singing Red Face. MacArthur is about to play the bad cop. He took the microphone from brother roast goose and said calmly. However, we have also seen the shortcomings of the thunderstar emblem mecha girls including's mecha girl night hoof which also has this problem. However, has a lot of competition experience so he was not left too far behind by Lin Weii when going down the mountain. He still had a chance to overtake Lin Weii and Chickixing. As for Suchun, he and Queen might not be able to adapt to the more challenging downhill sections of the Tacara Mountains. However, Such Chun and Queen have already established their advantage on the previous stages of the course, and they remain strong contenders for the championship. The fastest runners going downhill right now are Lin Weii and Chi-ing. Brother Roast Goose displayed the average speed panel of each contestant. Lin Weii and Io have now successfully descended the mountain. Their average speed downhill has become constant which is of reference value on the board. Lini weighi and chicks average speed downhill was as high as 227 km per hour. Liniwayi's average speed downhill is the highest which is an excellent statistic. Before hosting the competition, Roast Goose Bro had also carefully researched the history of the Tacmara mountain race. Lyniwayi's average speed downhill is among the best in all previous contestants. The second place is ano andyatti with an average downhill speed of 221 km per hour. After brother Rose finished making the announcement, a long and enthusiastic cheer immediately erupted from the audience. The cheers mainly came from fans of the voice of the night. Regardless of the fact that Ino's grades are a level below Linui's, that's because Nihoof is a Mecca girl from the Thunderstar Guardian, and she's not naturally good at running down mountain roads. Liniwayi's Mecca Girl, Red Star, has the flame star emblem, which is slightly better than the Thunderar emblem, so it's normal for her to be ahead. They believe that Ino will soon be able to surpass Lin Weii again in the subsequent competitions. Mr. MacArthur, what do you think? Such Chun and Queen's average downhill speed will be faced with the roast goose guy's deadly question. Old Mai gave a smile. Host, you've given me some questions that will offend people. Anyway, you're not afraid of offending anyone. The roast goose guy said cheerfully. If I'm hosting the next competition, I'll definitely invite you again. Okay, deal. MacArthur pondered for a moment carefully analyzing Such Chin and Queen's condition and combined with Queen's performance on the uphill stage and finally said, "I estimate that Such Chin and Queen's downhill speed will not fluctuate much and should be around 200 km per hour. This is actually a very conservative estimate. After all, he was one of his favorite drivers, so he didn't want to say anything too harsh. In fact, after analyzing the situation, he concluded that Such Chin and Queen's descent speed was at most 190 km per hour. The Thunder Star Emblem Mecca Girls high burst damage and high speed cannot be displayed, and her difficult to control characteristics will make her very uncomfortable to run. In addition, Suchin didn't have much experience with this type of track. Neither the pilots nor the Mecca girls could fully unleash their potential. Maintaining a speed of 200 km per hour is considered an exceptional performance. At this moment, the director still focused the camera on Such Chin and Queen. After all, these two are currently at the center of public attention and are the most anticipated contestants. Everyone thought Suchin would use a conservative strategy to descend the mountain. We should honestly navigate the long Takara mountain stages and then look for opportunities to regain the lost advantage. However, a thunderous roar from the engine sent a jolt through everyone. There is a short straight track at the top of the mountain about 1 kilometer long. There's not much to say about this track. Its only purpose is to allow drivers and Mecca girls to adjust their state and speed preparing them for the more challenging downhill sections. But at that moment, Suchin suddenly increased Queen's speed. Suchin has sped up. Rose Goose Bro's mouth gaped open, completely dumbfounded. "What? What are you trying to do?" MacArthur looked incredulous. In his mind, Such Chin and Queen should not continue to accelerate. There's absolutely no need to accelerate during the 1 km adjustment period. Even if you're fast here, you won't gain any advantage. Queen as a thunderstar Mecca girl can quickly reach her peak speed. But reducing that peak speed is not so easy. If Such Chin accelerates at this moment, it is very likely that he and Queen will not be able to reach a downhill speed that they can control when they enter the downhill section. This is a very dangerous thing. One wrong move and both Suchin and Queen could fall off the cliff. This is the mountaintop. They've gone mad. They've all gone mad. In the VIP seats of the Voice of the Night, James stared at the big screen, his face pale. He didn't understand the meaning of Su Chen's desperate efforts. Since queen can now be activated, that's a cause for celebration. There's no need to prove anything, is there? Chin Xen standing beside him remained expressionless, a thoughtful glint in his indifferent eyes. Historically, the Takmar mountain race has featured riders accelerating at the summit. That's Ferrari, the chief driver of the Peak Future T1. His Mechro Phantom also has the Thunderstar emblem. After accelerating at the top of the mountain, the vehicle used a drainage ditch on the downhill section to maintain a high-speed cornering posture. Such Chin and Queen are doing exactly the same thing Freddy did back then. It's even faster. Do they also want the drainage ditch to bend? This technology isn't something just anyone can master. There are many difficulties involved. The most obvious point is the width of the drainage ditches in the Tacara mountain race is not constant. The drainage ditches were added later when the race course was designed. The designers thought that as long as they could serve their purpose of drainage, the width was up to the workers. The width of the drainage ditch varies at each bend. From the very first corner, the driver must focus all their attention on the Mecca girl's wheel status. Any mistake will result in failure to complete the corner. And due to the extremely high cornering speed, the Mecca girl will inevitably lose control at this point. I must be overthinking it. How could Suchin possibly have that kind of technology? She investigated Suchin many times. a new driver. Judging from the video of his first competition, he was only rated as excellent. It does not yet reach the level of using drainage ditch bend crossing technology. But these ideas have only just begun to emerge. Chin Xen saw Suchin drive the queen at an extremely high speed across the mountaintop straight, adjusting the track. The moment it entered the downhill track, the queen's body clearly moved towards the inner lane. Chapter 148. Suchin has come down the mountain. Night fog enveloped the winding mountain road like a veil, and the warning lights cast the dim yellow halo in the fog. The asphalt road was slightly damp from the night dew, and the winding serpentine downhill mountain road looked like a wound cleaved by a giant ax. Boom! In the distance, the deep roar of an engine could be heard, growing ever closer until two scarlet headlights ripped through the night. The jet black Mecca girl clung tightly to the mountain wall, enveloped in the fierce wind, and plunged headlong into the mountain path. Master, the first sharp right turn is 300 m ahead. The Queen's solemn report echoed in the cockpit. As if to allow the riders to get used to it in advance, the first few turns of the downhill course are progressively more difficult. Such Chun and Queen have already successfully navigated the first few turns and are about to face the standard difficulty turns of the downhill section of the Tacara Mountain Race. The following curves are all sharp bends. The difficulty will only increase, not decrease. Queen, do you believe me? Such Chen's eyes, sharp as an eagle's, gleamed beneath his helmet, and a bead of sweat slid down his taut jawline. He had already mentally rehearsed all the maneuvers for the next bend. Of course, I trust Master Queen's voice was firm. Even though she didn't know what Suchin was going to do, even though her current speed is dangerous for the sharp turn she's about to face, but she still believes because it was Suchin who led her out of the abyss. Then she would have the courage to face the abyss with Such Chin. Good. 50 meters from the bend. Such Chen's right hand landed on the gears shift lever and he swiftly completed a heel and toe maneuver. While breaking with your left foot, lightly tap the accelerator with your right foot to compensate. Depress the clutch and use your right hand to shift down. The burnt smell from the friction of the chassis mixed with the rubber smell from the tire friction flooded into the cockpit. Suchin gripped the steering wheel tightly, his knuckles turning white from the force. On the dashboard, the tachometer needle was jumping wildly at the edge of the dangerous red zone. Queen's speed decreased sharply. However, it remains at a dangerous level of 247 km per hour. This is not Such Chen's maximum cornering speed. This is the first time trying it, so we need to be conservative. In the distance, the sharp bend with only faint warning lights came rushing towards us. Suchen's eyes narrowed. No. He suddenly turned the steering wheel to the right, then immediately turned it back about 30°. At the same time, turned off the accelerator and used engine braking only. Under Such Chin's control, the queen's car immediately slid to the right. And the moment the rear wheels lost traction, click. Queen clearly felt something sink into her right front wheel, followed by her right rear wheel. This strange feeling inexplicably made her feel uneasy. She instinctively called out to the person she trusted most. "Master, don't panic. That's a drainage ditch." Suchin's voice was calm and steady. The timing of the wheels entering the drainage ditch is very important. It must be at the critical point when the tires lose traction. Too early and you'll lose control. Too late and you'll crash into the mountain side. But Queen was still a little stunned and didn't react. Queen, did you feel that? Your cornering speed isn't decreasing any further. Suchin's lips curled into a confident smile. The drainage ditch bends. In his previous life, he had specifically studied under that legendary driver. At that time, they replicated Tkumi Fujiwara's operation in Mount Akina, Japan. However, compared to the AE86, modern sports cars are faster and more difficult to operate. Now that it's Such Chen's turn, the speed of the Mecca Girl is far faster than that of a modern sports car. However, Mecca Girls also have better handling and stability than sports cars. Otherwise, who would dare to do this? The drainage ditch goes around a bend. A glint of light gradually appeared in Queen's stunned eyes. Master, you you can actually navigate around Ben's in the drainage ditch. She remembered. From my fragmented memories, I remember that the technique of navigating a drainage ditch was a skill only a very skilled driver could master. Drivers in most clubs don't have these special skills. The club has limited training resources for different drivers. Maneuvers like cornering close to walls or through drainage ditches require significant training. Only those talented and capable drivers can enjoy this training program. To master the technique of cornering through drainage ditches, you need to be an S-class driver, right? Furthermore, S-class is merely the threshold for mastering these skills. Many S-class drivers don't even know how to perform these advanced maneuvers. Master is so amazing. Leaving aside the queen's shock and joy for now, the control room was in complete chaos. Ladies and gentlemen, drainage ditch cornering. My goodness, I never expected to see drainage ditch cornering in the provincial qualifiers. Roast Goose Bro's voice was horsearo from shouting, but he still shouted in his rough duck-like voice. Such Chin and Queen did not choose a conservative strategy on the downhill section, but instead chose to present us with a visual feast with their solid foundation and top-notch driving skills. Their current cornering speed is 247 km perph and that speed is still increasing. The entire audience erupted in cheers once again. But amidst the excitement, a segment of the audience fell silent. These audience members were almost all fans of the voice of the night. They looked at the big screen with complicated emotions, feeling a sense of powerlessness and frustration. In the end, all the words were reduced to a single exclamation. Damn it. They want to praise their idols, but they have nowhere to do so. I want to criticize Suchin and Queen, but I can't find anything to criticize. Such Chin and Queen's performance on the way up the mountain seemed average, but they turned the tide by using the drainage ditch to navigate the bend on the way down. It was like a vicious slap, leaving everyone's cheeks stinging. What? No way. Yuming stared dumbfounded at the big screen. Just how many more amazing moves has Suchin been holding back? They're really good at hiding it. I have never seen anyone as insidious as Suchin. If Suchin hadn't been pushed to his limits by the Tacara Mountain Race, he doubted this guy would ever have revealed his ditch cornering skills. Sisterhing, what is drainage ditch bend?" Shing Ming asked excitedly, her pretty face turning red. She only knew that Masa was very powerful, but she didn't know what this technique actually meant. Juing gave Shing Ming a complicated look and patted her head. The so-called drainage ditch cornering is to use the drainage ditch to give the Mecca girl a force pointing towards the apex of the corner. This force will correct and amplify the Mecca girl's steering angle, allowing the Mecca girl to take the corner at a speed far exceeding the tires grip limit. If you really can't understand, just imagine there's a rope at the apex of the corner holding Queen's bike up so she doesn't slide off the track. And that sturdy rope is provided by the drainage ditch. Maintaining this sturdy rope requires a lot of experience from the driver. Your master is truly remarkable. Is he really really just a rookie driver? Faced with Xuyings question, Shing Ming twitched her cat ears and nodded obediently. Ma is definitely a rookie driver. Meow. a month ago. He didn't even know how to install the modification core for me. He's obviously a newbie. Maybe Moss is just exceptionally talented. Meow Dash. Shing Ming stuck out her tongue and laughed without a care in the world. They didn't seem to have any doubts about Such Chen's inexplicable improvement in skills. Shuying sighed helplessly, rubbing his forehead. She knew that Shing Ming and Suchin slept together every night. Even though things have come to this point, Shing Ming still doesn't know Such Chin well enough. You could say that fools sometimes have good luck. In the VIP seats of the voice of the night, James remained silent for a long time before finally taking a deep breath. Miss Jean, I'm going to the restroom. Just as I stood up, a cold voice rang out from beside me. Sit down. James felt a bitter taste in his mouth and had no choice but to obediently sit back down. He was already considering resigning. Whoever wanted the position of chief modifier at the night voice could take it. Miss Jean, no one could have predicted that young man would have such skills. James argued. Could you have predicted that? To be honest, turning a corner in a drainage ditch isn't exactly a regular turn. So stop babbling on there. Chin Xen stared at the big screen with an expression as calm as still water. They seemed genuinely unconcerned about Such Chin and Queen's performance. He simply said, "That kid is still accelerating. He might be about to overdo it." Chapter 149. The old man has finally handed over the burning technique. Chin Exion's judgment was not arrogant because both roast goose bro and MacArthur suddenly tensed up. At this moment, Queen's speed on the mountain road is still gradually increasing. What's going on? Has Suchin lost control of his speed? The excitement on Brother Rose's face gradually cooled into semnity and seriousness. If this continues, MacArthur said in a low voice, "Even if we master the cornering through the drainage ditch, if the speed of the Mecca girl is not controlled properly, the tires will slip out of the drainage ditch, and then the girl and the vehicle will fall off the cliff." MacArthur stared at the black phantom speeding across the screen. The curves of the drainage ditch were so smooth and fluid, like a work of art. However, the unease and instability brought about by the soaring speed are contradictory. He couldn't tell whether Suchin was inexperienced or deliberately not controlling the queen's cornering speed. If Suchin deliberately failed to control it, so what exactly is he relying on? The queen's cornering speed has already reached 254 kmh and it's still improving. Brother roast goose held his breath because at this point Queen was already showing signs of instability while cornering. The next bend is even sharper. Click. A soft sound captured by a drone camera echoed throughout the audience. Queen is leaving the drain. MacArthur straightened his back. Brother Roast Goose held his breath. All the members of Northern Wolves T2 stared intently at the screen. Shing Ming frowned slightly, her once lively tail drooping quietly. However, just when everyone thought an accident was about to happen, just as it rounded the bend, a crisp click sound rang out. A row of black rear wings suddenly rose from the rear of the Queen. The violent high-speed airflow passing through the rear wing provided Queen with tremendous downforce, which pushed Queen's tires, which were about to detach from the drainage ditch, back in place. The Queen's vehicle stabilized. Meanwhile, the cornering speed remained constant at 255 km per hour without any further increase. A rising and falling tail fin. Rose Goose Bro's eyes widened and he stammered. He considered many possible outcomes. For example, Suchin reduced the car's speed to allow Queen to stabilize and return to normal. For example, what technique did Suchin use to navigate the bend even after leaving the drainage ditch? Or perhaps Suchin makes a mistake and falls off the cliff with Queen. He even wondered if Queen might have special skills. After all, the competition organizers have detailed information about the origins of all the selected mobile phone girls. The origin of the queen is quite convoluted. This Mecca girl originally served in The Voice of the Knight. She was chosen by Chin Xen, the president of the voice of the night and was prepared to be trained. It is said that although she was initially a B-class, she awakened a special skill. However, she had to terminate her contract with the voice of the night because of a failed modification. Later, she was taken away by Suchun and became his Mecca girl. Brother Roast Goose doesn't know much about modifications. All he needs to know is that this Mecca girl is very talented. However, no matter how much he planned, he never expected that Such Chin would lead Queen to break the deadlock by using a retractable tail wing. The race is already halfway through. Even if he's an old man, shouldn't he hand over the burning technique by now? Suchin stubbornly refused to hand it over. The tail wing was not used once during the first half of the race. I never expected that Suchin would also use the retractable tail wing modification core on Queen. MacArthur's tense nerves finally relaxed and a smile involuntarily appeared on his lips. The core of the adjustable tail wing modification is currently a class of advanced modification cores. This has only been seen in player suchin so far. As for why the track didn't use a retractable rear wing, I think it was probably unnecessary. The roast goose guy came to his senses. That's true. It's not needed for curves of average difficulty. For challenging sections like Eagle Cliff and the continuous hairpin bends in the tunnel, Such Chin and Queen used unconventional methods to pass through at almost full speed. The only way to navigate the current downhill sections of the mountain road is to carefully navigate the bends. Suchin finally handed over the retractable tail wing. A retractable tail wing. Another retractable tail wing. Chin Xan's in different eyes seemed to be spitting fire. James was extremely uncomfortable and he went through seven or eight different handkerchiefs to wipe his sweat. The last thing he wants to hear right now is the phrase elevator tail wing. During this period, he spent almost all his time except for eating and sleeping researching the elevating tail fin. I'm almost sick of researching this. James Such Chin has used the retractable rear wing twice in the race, but you as the top modification team in the China region have not made any progress in the retractable rear wing field. James didn't want to talk about it. Gene Xan, however, showed no intention of letting James off the hook. I'm starting to seriously doubt whether you guys are even S-class and Aclass modifiers. Did you get your certifications through connections, President Jean? James's face flushed red, and he stiffened his neck. You can question my talent, but you can't humiliate the effort I've put into it. The sweat and effort I put into becoming an S-class tuner is unimaginable to an S-class driver like you. The difficulty is hundreds or thousands of times greater. The car mechanic behind Suchin was the creator of the core for the retractable rear wing modification. So, what's wrong with him making another core for it? James Chin Xen's voice suddenly rose. Is this how you talk to your boss? James took a deep breath and his agitated emotions gradually calmed down. He took off his round framed glasses which were covered in a layer of heat and slowly wiped them clean. When she looked up at Chin Exion again, she seemed to have regained her usual elegant and gentlemanly demeanor. MissQin, I am resigning from my position as chief modification engineer for the night team. However, I am neither a coward nor a deserter. Before leaving the night team, I will submit a feasible core proposal for modifying the retractable tail wing. I can't guarantee that this retractable tail wing modification core will work as well as such chins, but I will guarantee that it can be used safely. From this day forward, I have nothing to do with the voice of the night, and please don't bother me anymore. Sheen Xian listened to James's words with a blank expression. She didn't really want James to leave the night mods team. After all, S-class tuners are hard to find. They're basically snapped up by worldclass top clubs and aren't available on the market. Even the Peak Future Club only has one S-class modifier. However, there are more top tier clubs with S-class tuners in other countries. There's no way around it. They can't compete with others in terms of financial resources and manpower. So, the car modification enthusiasts have to choose the best option. However, her pride and self-respect made it absolutely impossible for her to persuade James to resign. Let's go then. We'll try to find another tuner. James felt relieved when he saw that Chin Xen didn't say anything. It's better not to try to keep her. If the president of a topter group like Chin Xen really wanted to stay, he might not be able to leave. Sheen Xen's silence now means he tacitly agrees. In that instant, James felt as if all his mental burden had vanished. He leaned back in his chair with a clear conscience and settled into a comfortable position. My back doesn't ache. My legs don't hurt and I'm no longer sweating profusely. I can finally enjoy the game in peace. Chapter 150. Not the burning technique. Master, this modification core is amazing. He isn't that amazing. Suchen's lips curled slightly. Despite the lack of materials, he did not provide Queen with anything of low quality. Although it is just a white modification core, it still has the function of raising and lowering the tail wing. However, unlike the Star Dream, which can be operated automatically or manually, the Queen is purely manually raised and lowered. In terms of precision, it's definitely not comparable to automatic lifting. Its advantage is that it has this feature which allows it to be raised when needed. for example. Now, the reason he continued to accelerate was because he had the retractable tail fin as a backup. Tracks like the Tacara downhill section are almost entirely winding and Queen has drainage ditch corners. If he adds a lift up tail wing combined with his drift mastery level three and corner control level one, wouldn't he be able to drive like a maniac? What do these two skills mean? The former allows him to have less lateral movement, higher speed, and smoother drift when piloting his Mecca Girl through corners. The latter improves his judgment of the apex distance and increases the minimum cornering speed. The two compliment each other. How did master come up with such a brilliant design as the retractable tail wing? Queen secretly glanced at Such Chen's face in the rearview mirror, her eyes filled with curiosity and admiration. Then wouldn't it be easy to design such a thing? Suchin said calmly. Actually, with the technology of this world, let alone designing an automatic lifting tail wing, even electric lifting or magnetic levitation lifting would be no problem. The key point is that car modification and mechanical manufacturing are completely different professions. The former finds it difficult to translate the results of the latter into the core of car modification. The queen nodded, seemingly confused. Even though Suchin didn't finish his sentence, but she already vaguely understood what Suchin meant. Ordinary mechanics cannot transform mechanical manufacturing into the core of modification. But Suchin can. Master's tone of voice was strange. It's as if he doesn't belong to this world. Master, we've already revealed these trump cards in the provincial qualifiers. Those competitors will definitely study us and those modests will surely try to create their own retractable rear wings after discovering their advantages. Wouldn't that give us a huge advantage? Upon hearing this, Suchin was certain that Queen's memories had not been fully restored. If it were the queen of the past, she wouldn't have had any concerns at all. She adheres to only one principle. Just do it. Why keep your trump card up? Use it directly. Use it and enjoy it first, then worry about the future later. A retractable tail wing isn't anything that impressive. Suchin shook his head with a smile. So what if they're wary and researching it? Even if all the car mechanics learn how to make retractable tail wings, it doesn't matter. You think I've handed over the incineration technique? I still have nitrous oxide acceleration, turbo overload, and honeycomb aerodynamic arrays. They're all outdated stuff. The queen was completely baffled this time. All she knew was that the unfamiliar words Suchin used were impressive. In fact, Suchin wasn't bragging. These technologies already existed in the previous life, but they did not appear on the track because they could not be mass-produced, posed safety hazards, and severely undermined the fairness of the competition. The technology in this world is far more advanced than that on Earth. He could easily use the world's technological capabilities to achieve those supermodel modifications. Take nitrous oxide acceleration as an example. The actual effect is that nitrous oxide enters the cylinder and decomposes into nitrogen and oxygen at high temperatures. Oxygen aids combustion improving fuel efficiency while nitrogen molecules cool the engine. The combination of these two factors instantly increases engine horsepower. The downside is that it wears out the engine. Basically, the engine will be completely destroyed after running for only a short distance. But this concept doesn't exist for Mecca girls in this world. As long as he can create the nitrogen accelerated modification core, and as long as there are no side effects or the side effects are within an acceptable range, he can install and use it on Star Dream and Queen. It's even possible to create a device that synthesizes nitrous oxide by drifting, achieving an effect similar to drifting to collect gas and then releasing it when full in a game. These are technologies that were not yet possible in the racing industry of the previous life. In this world today, the unique characteristics of Mecca girls make them a viable option. If Such Chin were given another chance to return to Earth, putting aside the fact that I have a sweet, soft, and warm cowgirl to serve me every night, he didn't want to go back either. This world was eaten to him. If he wanted to, he could become a god of modification. Such Chen spirit is about to ascend to godhood. On the other side, drivers number three, Lu Sunun, and number four, Night Hoof, were already starting to panic. Brother Louu, something's not right. Night Hoof's number four driver hissed and said to Lun, "Who was leading and whose tail lights were barely visible?" Lin Wei Weii and the boss have both gone down the mountain. Judging by the time, it should only be the two of us coming down the mountain. But why is there still an engine sound behind us? Lu Sunun remained silent with a sullen face. He already knew that number six and number eight had been outmaneuvered by Such Chin and Queen. He had always thought that Such Chin and Queen were about the same strength as him. After all, if he were to run, he could easily leave Knigh Hoofs number six and number eight far behind, but that would require a relatively long race. And Su Chan and Queen are a bit too fast, but now he's not sure. Besides him and number four, there was an engine roar that was getting closer and closer on the mountain road. With each turn, the roar of the engine would get a little closer. Someone is catching up. First, we can rule out Hang Shuin and Chuan Yanin. As player number six said, he is still dealing with this Northern Wolves T2 youth player on the way up the mountain, excluding teammate number eight and the two smaller clubs players who are just there to make up the numbers. It goes without saying who caught up with them. Such Chin Queen, they have already caught up with the previous group. Do you want to try another set? A bead of cold sweat slid down his forehead. Lu soon narrowed his eyes and subtly increased his speed on the curve. I won't let you succeed. Brother Louu, that voice is getting closer. The voice of player number eight trembled noticeably with disbelief. After each bend, the deep, powerful roar of the engine clung to their rear like a leech, closing the distance at a speed that could be heard with the naked eye. They're here. Lun felt a chill run down his spine and the hairs on his back stood on end. Even if I don't want to believe it, but Su Chun and Queen still caught up. He glanced in the rearview mirror at the edge of the narrow field of vision stained red by the tail lights. A thick impenetrable shadow was emerging from the darkness of the mountain road. The shadow was moving at an astonishing speed. Each turn was executed with an almost brutal smoothness. It was as if the dangerous mountain road was making way for it. What alarmed Lucon even more was that the Mecca girl with two red lights shining like the eyes of a demon was sticking to the inner lane, no matter what curve it was facing, as if it was hooked by a hook. Wrong. L Soon quickly noticed that the queen's body was tilted towards the inner lane, even though the view was a little blurry. But Luon was absolutely certain of this. As an A-class driver, his dynamic vision has always been good. Why is it shorter on one side? This question lingered in Lucen's mind. In addition, the cornering is stable and hugs the inner lane. A sudden flash of inspiration exploded in his mind. I understand it's the drainage ditch that bends. Lucen's eyes widened and he gasped. Such Chin can actually navigate around Benz in the drainage ditch. Chapter 151. Such Chen's suspicion. The drainage ditch bends. A very mysterious technology. That was certainly true, at least for Lun. Firstly, this technology demands extremely high skill from the driver, and training is required in advance for different racetracks. After all, not all racetracks have drainage ditches of the same width. Even a slight difference in width can cause an inexperienced driver to overturn the vehicle. Furthermore, the training costs are extremely high, but the practicality is low. So, even if given the opportunity, drivers won't spend time practicing cornering through drainage ditches. They could use that time to train other skills, achieving greater improvement with the same investment of time. This is why Luon referred to the technique of turning corners and drainage ditches as mysterious. After all, this technology is very rare. Only a small number of exceptionally skilled individuals can learn this technique. Did Suchin actually go to train specifically for this competition to learn how to corner through drainage ditches? Looking at the Mecca girl that had ghostly overtaken him in the rearview mirror, Lu soon felt no resentment, only admiration. This guy really put in an effort that I couldn't have done. He gripped the steering wheel tightly, his mind filled with images of Suchin repeatedly crashing while practicing cornering through drainage ditches for the Takmara Mountain Race. Suchin and his Mecca girl must have suffered a lot, right? In the rearview mirror, Queen's skill in utilizing the drainage ditch was so great that she didn't even need to consider changes in its width. Suchin must have memorized the entire width variation of the drainage canals in the Tacmara Mountain Race, right? Not only must you memorize it, but you must also apply it in real combat. Elegant. So elegant. Luns eyes were slightly red at the corners. As the second best member of the night hoof team, he naturally has his own pride. But when faced with a hardworking contestant like Suchin, he would still lower his proud head and sincerely admire him. Brother Louu, what do you say? Should we stop him? Night hoof number four driver watched helplessly as Queen caught up. At Queen's speed, they would overtake her very quickly if they weren't stopped. They caught up with the departure interval of two groups in a row, a difference of a full 2 minutes. This isn't just slapping Yatti in the face. It's like [ __ ] on Yanni's head. To save face, it's understandable to resort to some underhanded tricks, right? Stop. Lucen's voice trembled, his emotions running high. Are you suggesting I use underhanded tactics against such a hardworking opponent? You've disappointed me greatly. We are the night hooves professional racing team. We are night hooves and we're competing in individual races, not team races. We're competing based on individual skill, not teamwork. Do you understand? A barrage of questions came like a storm. Huh? Night Hoof's number four member was stunned and after 3 seconds he stammered. But brother Louu, what if we get caught? No butts. If you get caught up, it means you're not as skilled as the other player. Go back and train hard. The driver of night hoof number four remained silent. Well, since brother Louu has said so, then we won't stop him. At worst, we'll go back and get scolded together on the mountain road. Suchin driving the queen observed the two Night Hoof team drivers ahead of him but did not choose to overtake Rashley. The reason why number six overtook Knigh Hoof directly was because he knew that Hang Shushuan and Schwan would not interfere. As for Yahoos number eight, needless to say, he was left behind right from the start and didn't even have a chance to get entangled. But the current situation is that night hoofs number three and number four are both in front. The downhill section of Mount Tacmara is a four-lane road. Driver number three occupies two lanes. Driver number four occupies three lanes. And the outermost lane closest to the cliff is the fourth lane. He and queen were in lane one. It appears that lanes three and four have given up lane one. But if he is overtaking and cars number three and four suddenly come to his side, he and Queen will be in a very passive position. Queen's cornering through the drainage ditches looks incredibly smooth and stable, but in reality, the constantly changing width of the drainage ditches at the Tacoma circuit keeps him on edge, making him extremely cautious and afraid of making the slightest mistake. Therefore, he was also very wary of what Night Hofs number three and number four players might do. Given the precedent set by the Night Voice Youth training team, he dared not gamble on the other party's character. Thinking this, Suchin slowly inched the queen forward. While observing from the sidelines, contestants number three and four remained completely still. H. That's really strange. Suchin scratched his head. What's up with numbers three and four? Aren't they going to stop us? If they don't, we'll overtake them. Master, they might be afraid to intercept us. Queen calmly analyzed. This track is extremely dangerous. A collision could cause both the interfering and the interfered to lose control and plunge off the cliff. So you underestimate the methods these clubs use. Suchin shook his head helplessly. Miss Queen with amnesia is so innocent and cute. To save face and maintain their results, they can do anything. For example, if driver number three is the big brother of the night hoof team, they can sacrifice driver number four to interfere with other drivers in order to protect driver number three's results. So that's how it is. The people who speak in the darkness are truly despicable. Queen's eyes turned cold as she looked ahead. No wonder she harbored an unyielding hostility towards everything related to the voice of the night. It seems that it's not just because of the seemingly good modifications made by the knight voices that actually completely go against the Mecca girl's wishes. And then there's the way the voice of the knight handles things. Little did they know that Luon was also puzzled in the cockpit of Shadow Blade at that moment. What are Such Chin and Queen doing? They're clearly fast enough to overtake, so why are they just hanging on behind? In the rearview mirror, the black Phantom's speed fluctuated, looking like it was about to pounce. Brother Lou, they probably think we're trying to squeeze them in. Night hoof number four driver said suddenly, "They're judging others by their own standards. We meant well and didn't mean to squeeze them in, but they're treating us like bad guys. Although, I did have that thought at first." Luon pondered for a moment after hearing this. Based on Such Chen's past experience of being squeezed by the youth training team, the judgment of player number four is basically confirmed. Unfortunately, he didn't have any good solutions to this. There was no way to explain it to Su Chin and Queen. He and player number four can't both go to lane three and lane four, can they? The underground mountain track in Takmara is equally dangerous for them, so they can't just change lanes randomly. Let's leave it at that for now. There aren't many more mountain roads anyway. Lusen suddenly found it amusing and couldn't help but chuckle. To save face, he and number four certainly didn't want Suchin and Queen to overtake them. If we had used the Pinsir movement tactic against Such Chin and directly revealed our hand, Suchin might have already found a way to overtake us. At this moment, he and team member number four remained still and even voluntarily gave way, which made Suchin hesitant to act rashly. All I can say is that fate is truly wondrous. Chapter 152. Fate must be in your own hands. The situation on the track is a bit strange right now. Brother Rose Goose was originally prepared to announce Such Chen's feet of overtaking twice in his group. Just as they were about to overtake Yahoo racer number three and number four, the situation became tense again. "All three Mecca girls are in a very dangerous situation right now," MacArthur explained. If a collision occurs, all three could fall off the cliff. Losing qualification for the competition is a minor issue. The main concern is the potential for serious injury. Therefore, Such Chin and Queen's caution is completely understandable. But aren't Such Chin and Queen being a bit too cautious? Brother Rosu said with a smile. As far as I know, in all the previous competitions, the Night Voice professional team has never teamed up to squeeze other riders in the singles race. After all, he's a professional driver for the voice of the night. Big groups like this still care a lot about reputations, MacArthur said, feeling a little regretful. Once they cross the Takmar mountain, the race is 80% complete, provided Such Chin and Queen don't dare to overtake on the downhill section. We probably wouldn't have seen Such Chan and Queen tie the group's starting time by 3 minutes and win the championship with an invincible performance. If Suchin can do it, he will definitely become an overnight sensation and become the most watched star driver this year. Don't be fooled by how well Such Chin and Queen are doing now. They've already caught up by 2 minutes and are even ready to compete for the championship. But the impact and influence of winning a championship normally and winning a championship in a dominant way are completely different concepts. What a pity, he sighed, shaking his head. It's understandable to prioritize the safety of the Mecca girls and oneself, but ultimately it lacks a bit of adventurous spirit. Thinking about this, MacArthur felt a little ridiculous. The two competing up there are Such Chin and Queen. Suchin must be very aware of how dangerous the current situation is. As an analyst sitting below, giving pontificating and pointing fingers, it really felt like he was talking without any real understanding of the situation. But it's such a pity. Is there any way to overtake Nighhoof number three and number four while ensuring safety? MacArthur gazed at the large screen, a hint of anticipation in his eyes. On the mountain road in Takmara, Such Chin was starting to get restless. There was no movement from night hoofs number three and number four. If the enemy doesn't move, he can remain still, but the consequence will be the failure of the overtaking plan. So he has to move. However, conventional overtaking methods are not allowed. Queen sensed through their mental link that Suchin was becoming somewhat impatient. Master, do you have any instructions? Suchin pondered for a moment, glanced at night hoof number three and number four in front of him, and said indifferently, "The instructions are not exactly, Queen. Send me the 3D model map of the Tacara downhill track through the mental link." The queen did not ask why and immediately did as instructed. Soon a 3D map appeared in Such Chen's mind. The red dots on the map represent him and the queen. This feeling was very strange, giving Suchin the illusion that he was playing a racing game and looking at the game map. Suchin had carefully studied the map before the race, but he had never actually run on the Takaru mountain before. He could only get a general idea from the map. He was a complete novice when it came to this mountain track. The 3D modeling map transmitted by Queen is much more intuitive. Suchin noticed that there was a sharp bend in the mountain side of the Takmar mountain road which jutted into the mountain side. From an aerial view, this track is C-shaped. Upon reaching the mountain side, he and Queen will take a bend from the lower end of point C to the upper end. The straight line distance between the upper and lower end points is approximately 220 m and the height difference is 3 m. He could easily drive the queen from the lower end of the C-shaped bend to the upper end of the sea. Theoretically, a speed of 200 kmh is sufficient to complete this jump. The real challenge lies in how to quickly stabilize the queen's body after the jump when it lands with very little room to maneuver. Ultimately, the challenge is to use inertia to slide sideways, allowing one wheel to enter the track's drainage ditch and return to the cornering position before the jump. Admittedly, this operation is still dangerous. It was even more dangerous than overtaking nigh hoof number three and number four normally. However, at least the danger doesn't come from players number three and four, but from whether one's own performance is up to par. I really dislike having my fate controlled by others. Suchin narrowed his eyes and made a decision in a very short time. His fate, whether it's dangerous or successful, he must control everything. Queen, I have a plan. He reached out his hand and forcefully conveyed his belief to the Mecca girl in front of him. On the mountain side of the Tacmar downhill racecourse, the night was pitch black. The moonlight was blocked by the dense forest and could not penetrate the racetrack. The do at night made the already difficult downhill track even more dangerous. The three Mecca girls, Lusen's shadow blade, knighthof's obsidian, and queen cautiously following behind, maintained a delicate balance as they sped down the winding and treacherous mountain road. The roar of their engines carried by the mountain wind sounded somewhat distant. The director had already switched the camera away to other more spectacular segments of the race. Here, all that remains is the low growl of engines, the howling mountain winds, and the massive mountain shrouded in the deep twilight. Inside the cockpit, Suchin was no longer as impatient as before. He sat upright in the driver's seat, gripping the steering wheel tightly with both hands, his gaze calm and composed until one moment, his eyes finally showed a flicker of emotion. The C-shaped bend that he had identified as the breakthrough point had finally arrived. At the edge of the view, the mountain road curves inward into an ark as if it had been bitten by a giant beast, leaving a chilling gap. Inside the bend are jagged black mountain walls, while outside lies an abyss that swallows everything. A few faint warning lights flickered at the bend like dying fireflies. Suchin is being too cautious, Lucen said to number four on the radio, his voice tinged with regret. Such Chin's technique and teamwork with Queen are absolutely top-notch. So, this caution is understandable in Takara. It's just that he doesn't know enough about our night hoofs. As a professional team, Knight's voice should at least have some dignity. Trying to double team in a solo match. That's too despicable. Knigh Hoof number four was about to agree, but his voice suddenly caught in his throat. Boom dash. Behind them, the black Mecca girl, who had been keeping a low profile and following like a ghost, suddenly roared to life with the sound of its engine. It was no longer a low, oppressive, somber tone, but a wild roar that was completely unleashed and tore through the night sky. Inside the car, Such Chen's gaze was sharp as an eagle's fixed on the front, the top of the despairing concave arc of the C-shaped bend. That was the theoretically possible landing point. Under the pale moonlight, the narrow asphalt road clinging to the edge of the cliff reflected a cold, faint silvery glow, like a narrow bridge leading to hell. But what is hell for other drivers may be a road to heaven for Suchin. Queen, get ready. Such's voice was calm and precise. His gaze was fixed on the slightly upturned shoulder on the outside of the curve, the only jump ramp. He kept the throttle engaged, allowing Queen to maintain high speed as it hurdled towards the jump point. Speed is the only guarantee of successfully crossing the abyss. With the steering wheel locked tight, Queen instantly broke free from its position, clinging to the mountain side. The two side wheels that left the drainage ditch gave her even greater power. Shift gears. Apply the brakes intermittently. Suspension preload. Full oil. vehicle body attitude control. Everything was accomplished in the blink of an eye. Boom! With its powerful engine thrust and centrifugal force strong enough to throw any Mecca girl off the track. Queen's jet black steel body is like a night owl tearing through the night. Break through the bend and take off. The crimson tail flame traced a breathtaking parabola across the dark blue night sky. Under the moonlight, the queen ignored the chilling cliffs hundreds of meters high below and leaped towards the other end of the sea-shaped bend. Chapter 153. Defend your championship. The first to see Queen jump was night hoof number four driver, but he only had time to widen his eyes and exclaim, "Ah." He subconsciously turned on the walkie-talkie to tell Luson, but he couldn't even speak properly. Lu Sunun also pinpointed Queen's location by the sudden roar of engines around him. Time seemed to stand still at that moment. The shadow blade he was driving was almost on par with the queen that Suchin was driving. But he and Shadow Sharp were on the track and Queen sped through the night sky. He stared blankly as Queen sped across the crescent moon, stepping on the moonlight like an arrow shot from a bow and landed on the track with a boom, only swaying slightly from side to side before immediately stabilizing. Immediately following was a creek with a sudden sharp screech of brakes. Pale tires smoke billowed ahead of the track. He could only see the scarlet tail lights flashing in the white smoke. The next second, it completely disappeared from sight. The engine sound faded into the distance. It was more than 10 seconds later when Such Chin and Queen were seen again. However, Such Chin and Queen had already reached the next level of the mountain road. He and Nightigh Hoof number four were still on the upper level overtaking. It wasn't until this moment that Night Hoof's number four driver finally managed to string together a complete sentence in a days. Can you really get through a bend like that by jumping over it using the height difference? Isn't he afraid of falling? Isn't he afraid of losing control of the vehicle after the jump? This track isn't even that wide. How dare he do that? Yes. How dare Suchin do such a thing? Lu felt a chill run down his spine. He couldn't understand it. I can't figure it out no matter how hard I try. It's like a gamer always knows where the enemy is and can always pull out and get a head shot, no matter how strangely the opponent sets up their gun. He only found out later. His friend inserted the DMA. But if games can use DMA, can life and competitions also use DMA? Even if you had an extra brain, he still wouldn't have imagined that he could overtake like this. Brother Louu, please say something. came the anxious voice of team member number four over the walkie-talkie. I'm scared because you're not saying anything. My female pilot doesn't say a word to me all day long and the cockpit is too quiet. What can I tell you? Lucen gave her a smile. We lost this race completely. We can't underestimate second rate teams anymore. Before the race started, due to the arrogance of the night voice professional racer, he really didn't take Su Jin seriously. Even if they discover that the Mecca girl Suchin is piloting his queen, the same Mecca girl that crashed into the vegetable market that night, he still felt it was nothing special, not a threat. Later, Suchin successfully pulled away from number eight and overtook number six, and he gradually realized that something was wrong. They thought Suchin was only relying on Queen's powerful performance. He only came to his senses when he saw Suchin use the drainage ditch turning technique. The jump over the C-shaped cliff bend was a wakeup call, giving him a complete understanding of Such Chen's skills. Such Chen's strength is definitely not solely based on Queen's powerful burst and peak speed. He is a very strong driver. Not only is he hardworking, but he also has a wealth of track experience. More importantly, it requires a spirit of adventure and imagination. Faced with the possibility of being double teamed, he did not choose passive defense or the conventional overtaking method. Instead, they cleverly used the terrain of the racetrack to carve out a way out in a place that other competitors would never have thought of. Moreover, this path to survival is entirely in Such Chen's own hands. He didn't care at all whether he would be forced into a corner. He didn't care whether the night hoof team was friendly to him or not. Looking at the dimly lit racetrack under the night sky, Luson even felt a little ridiculous. Previously, he had a feeling that the night hoof racing team's decision not to force or squeeze him was because the night hoof racing team was righteous and fair, and that Suchin was just lucky. If it were another team here, they would have already sacrificed their pawns to save their king and force Suchin off the track. This idea lingered in his mind for a long time. What about now? They don't need it, nor do they care about it. At this moment, the audience was completely silent. Rose, Goosebro, and MacArthur stood there holding the microphone, unsure of what to say. Originally, the director did not intend to show Such Chan and Queen on camera. When there is no operation, the camera will automatically switch according to the starting order of the racers. As it happened, the scenes switch right when Such Chin and Queen appeared. Su Chan and Queen used an unconventional method to leap over the car while accelerating. His MacArthur rubbed his face and gasped. Ahem. Dear viewers, I apologize for my hasty remarks just now. Such Chin is either lacking an adventurous spirit nor overly cautious. He simply didn't want to entrust his and the Mecca girl's fate to the moral standards of other players. Judging from this unexpected leap, no competitor in the entire competition was braver or more imaginative than Such Chin. That being said, we still need to see what the judges think of this jump. The director then gave a secondary shot to the judging panel. Several elderly men in analyst uniforms were discussing something in hush tones with serious expressions. Meanwhile, the main camera was still replaying the scene of Sue Chin and Queen jumping. The queen's car body was suspended above the crescent moon like a black sword about to cut it down. The braking, suspension, preload, jump, adjustment of the car's posture, landing, and even the drift that followed the landing were all incredibly smooth, as if this jump had been rehearsed countless times by Such Chin and Queen and had become muscle memory in their bones. Ordinary viewers would only be amazed by this scene. But to Chin Xen and the others in the voice of the night, it was particularly glaring. How similar that upside down crescent moon is to the crescent cross on the logo of the voice of the night team. The origin of the queen corresponds precisely to this coupled with Such Chen's current behavior of constantly overtaking others in different groups. Chin Xians heart tightened. Could it be that Such Chen's goal in this competition is to crush the night hoof racing team of the voice of the night? Bring me the walkie-talkie. Chin Xen waved his hand with a gloomy face, and the bodyguard next to him immediately brought over a box containing a telephone. Chin Xen picked up the phone, dialed, and heard the intense roar of the Mecca girl's engine coming from the other end. Ayanoyuki, can you hear me? Yes, boss. Ayano on the other end of the walkie-talkie was still a little stunned, wondering why Chin Xen would suddenly call at this time of the competition. What is your goal for today's competition? Chin Xen asked coldly. Champion boss. All right, then protect your championship and don't embarrass the Nighthof team. Chin Xen didn't say anything else and hung up the phone directly on the track. Ayano driving Nihof and relentlessly chasing Akahoshi looked completely bewildered. Why would the boss suddenly say that? Is he really that far from winning the championship? He glanced at the red star in front of him. Indeed, Lin Weii and Chickixing are very strong and can even corner close to the wall. But he didn't exert his full strength either. As the captain of Nighhoof, the ultimate goal is of course to lead the team to achieve remarkable results in the provincial competition. How can we not hide our strengths? His idea was to surpass Lin Weii in the final stage and win the preliminary championship. Could it be that his acting was so convincing that it made the boss lose confidence? Tisk. Ayano twisted his neck and took out the vodka from the storage box next to him. In that case, let's increase the intensity of Lin Weii and Chickixing. Chapter 154. Ayano's wine. Those familiar with Ayano's team members know this. Ayano has six types of wine in his private warehouse. These are vodka diluted with 20% water. original vodka, rectified rum, devil whiskey, Portland gold wheat, and rectified vodka. The alcohol concentrations are 40% to 50%, 60%, 75%, 80%, 90%, and above 95%. The six wines correspond to the six states of Ayano. In typical competitions, Ayano will only bring two or three types of wine. The concentration is at most 75% and different concentrations of alcohol will stimulate different states in him. Aano reacts at different speeds depending on his state of being under the influence of alcohol. From being slightly tipsy to being completely drunk. The more drunk you are, the faster you react, the faster you can analyze the track and the more insane your thinking becomes. He was so crazy that he didn't recognize his own family, disregarded strategy, ignored his team, or obeyed orders. What's even more incredible is that Ayano's Mecca girl, Yato, is also a heavy drinker. It's said that Ayano is spending his own money to research a nutrient solution that can make Mecca girls drunk. Human alcohol has absolutely no effect on Mecca girls. However, as things stand, Ajano's research has not yet been successful. Most of the time, Yatti is just Ayano's drinking companion and the porter responsible for carrying the drunken Ayano home. Today's provincial budget competition. Ayano brought three kinds of wine. He finished the vodka diluted with 20% water as soon as he entered the arena. The storage box still contains original vodka and distilled rum. Since the boss is not satisfied with his current performance in order to make the boss look good, Ayano's side skillfully bit open the vodka bottle cap with his teeth, tilted his head back, and chugged it down in one go. After downing half a bottle of vodka, Ayano's cheeks flushed, and his gaze at the racetrack changed. The original casualness and calmness disappeared, replaced by a hint of seriousness and playfulness. Like an old cat that instantly goes into hunting mode upon observing the movement of a mouse. Meanwhile, Lin Weii, who is piloting the red star, was unaware of Ayano's sudden change. Master, that big black rat behind us changed lanes again. Is it trying to overtake us again? Even without Chi-Chings reminder, Lin Weii observed Ayanos movements through the rear view mirror. This isn't the first time Ayano has done this in this competition, especially after descending the mountain. Ayano tried to overtake several times, but she and Akahoshi kept a close watch on her. At this moment, they probably see that there are less than 20% of the matches left and want to compete for the championship one last time. You old-fashioned fool. Dream on. Linui snorted. She hadn't given Ayano a chance to overtake before, and Ayano didn't have a chance afterward either. Ayano's overtaking maneuvers all follow the same pattern. Continuous lane changes, faints, or utilizing the night hoof's explosive power in corners. What kind of drama will unfold this time? Unfortunately, her reaction was not much slower than Ayanos. She could detect every subtle movement of Night Hoof. It's almost as if they anticipated Jatau's movements at that moment. In the rear view mirror, Nhoof changed lanes to the left with a very decisive action without any intention of testing the waters. Is it a return to basics, trying to overtake from the left? Liniwayi's eyes narrowed and she began to adjust the steering wheel according to Night Hofs movements. However, just as she turned the steering wheel slightly to the left with a sudden high-pitched roar of the engine, Nighhoof abruptly disappeared from her sight. So fast, Lini Weii was startled. Nihoof reappears in the side mirror on the right. Ayano noticed her lane change the instant she changed lanes and immediately swerve to the right, followed by a burst of acceleration. Yato is coming up. She had been holding firm all the way, but her seemingly impenetrable defense was breached by Ayano in an instant. Linui knew that once Ayano and Nighhoof successfully overtook her, it would be very difficult to overtake them back. She instinctively looked to the side. I want to see if there's a different person in Night Hoof's cockpit. Ayano's reactions before and after were drastically different, and it was not like the same person was operating the same thing. However, how could there be a change of personnel in the cockpit of Nihof? It's still that same blonde, showy, handsome guy, Ayano. The old man even raised the vodka in his hand. Cheers. Lyni Weii could tell what Ayano was saying from his lip movements. Cheers. Who wants to toast with this guy? Lyni bit her arm in anger. Now she understood perfectly well that Ayana was deliberately hiding his true abilities. They only stopped acting because the competition was entering its final stages. The older generation is the older generation. They are very particular. Watching Nihoof disappear into the distance, Lin Wei had no choice but to accept it, no matter how unwilling she was. Ayano's reaction was indeed faster than hers. She had barely turned the steering wheel 5° when Ayano realized that Akahoshi was going to change lanes to the left. The boss is right. Even in the provincial level preliminary round, there are many hidden talents. But I don't think anyone can compete with me for second place, right? Just as Lin Weii was talking to herself. A red light suddenly flashed and disappeared in her side mirror. What is that? Lin Weii thought she had misread it. She looked at the rearview mirror and side mirror again, and the red light had indeed disappeared. It's probably a traffic light. After descending from the Tacmar Mountain course, you'll find yourself on a vast plane with an extremely wide field of vision. It's entirely possible for a traffic light to suddenly flash in the rear view mirror from a distant hill. It couldn't be the headlights of some Mecca girl, could it? Lini Weii didn't believe it. The audience seats. The craze for Suchin and Queen's aerial jump hasn't died down yet. At this moment, many of the audience members in the audience were still discussing that brilliant leap. After careful consideration, the judging panel finally gave their verdict. The jump was valid. To reiterate, taking shortcuts and using terrain to execute unconventional and brilliant maneuvers are two completely different things. Moreover, there are no shortcuts in a competition of this level. For example, there is a plane at the foot of the Tacara Mountains, full of low shrubs and rocky terrain. Instead of taking the track, go off track. That would turn into an obstacle course. Wouldn't that be suicidal? It would be amazing if someone were to try to crash through cacti, low shrubs, and rocks all the way to the finish line. The referee team stated that they accepted the fact that the dump truck was so hard. Such and Queen are still chasing forward. Both roast goose bro and MacArthur stared at the big screen with serious expressions. At this point, the director stopped focusing the camera on the other contestants. There were only two images on the big screen, one on the left and one on the right. On the left are Akahoshi and Yato, and on the right is Queens speeding through the night. The road to the left is a flat road, and the road to the right is also a flat road. The scenery that the player on the left passes by will soon flash around Queen on the right. This also means that Queen is getting closer and closer to Red Star and Night Hoof. We may be about to witness a historic moment. Roast Goose Bro took a deep breath, looked at the remaining 20 km of the race, and solemnly said, "In the history of the Tacmar Mountain race, the first rider to break the 3-minute mark in a class starting from the eighth, overtaking all the riders in front of him, and finally winning the championship may be born today." Ayano's explanation. This is an abnormal human physique from another world. Because he has the potential to awaken stellar energy, he can convert alcohol stimulation into nerve impulses, stimulating adrenaline and nerve reflexes. Normal carbon-based humans, please do not drink and drive. This is a serious reminder from Rose Goose. Chapter 155. Next time I won't let you off so easily. Brother Rose is talking about something really outrageous. The provincial qualifiers include teams from top clubs, even if they are only at the T3 level. A driver from a second tier team, T2, who wasn't even a full member, but just a trainee, managed to overtake three times in his class. But such an outrageous thing is actually about to happen right in front of the audience. The images on both sides of the large screen are gradually merging. Meanwhile, Akahoshi, who was speeding along the track, finally noticed something was wrong. A red glow flashed in the rear view mirror. The sharp roar of engines grew closer as the wind howled. Oh my god, master. A big black rad is chasing us. I saw it. Liniwayi's expression also changed drastically. It turns out that the red light that flashed by just now was not a traffic light on the distant hill, but the headlight of the Mecca girl car behind. She searched her mind for information about the Mecca girl and soon remembered it. Players number seven are Suchin and Queen from the Northern Wolves T2 youth training team. She had heard of Suchin before. This player's first Mecca girl is a catgirl specialized Mecca girl with a radiant star emblem. He once used the wall hutting cornering technique to overwhelm his competitors in the city's car king competition. Furthermore, the Mecca girl also has a core from modifying the lifting tail wing. For some reason, no starting Mecca girl was used in this competition. Instead, a Mecca girl who was said to have been modified and whose contract with the Night Voice had been terminated was used. Let's not even talk about why a modified scrapped Mecca girl can be allowed to participate. Putting aside the performance of the Mecca girls, let's just talk about Such Chin as a person. Lini Weii admitted that Such Chin was a strong contender for the top three in this competition, but what's the meaning of him catching up so quickly? Su Chin is contestant number seven, and he started in the fourth group. There was a full 3 minutes between her departure time and hers. Doesn't that mean that her and Akahoshi's current scores are about to be a full 3 minutes slower than Such Chen and Queens? Impossible. Lini Weii refused to admit that she was that bad. Akahoshi was equally unable to accept it. This Mecca girl's temper was as fiery and intense as the color of her hair. At this moment, he was staring at the track with a ferocious expression, yelling, "Damn Wheels, get me spinning." Unfortunately, the Mecca girl's roar did not increase the engine's output. Queen's jet black body gradually became clear in Akahoshi's rear view mirror until it completely entered Akahoshi's wake zone. In the cockpit, Suchin was already preparing to overtake. The eye of God can clearly read the information of the red star mecha girl. With a speed of 79 and a burst of 77, it's definitely not a match for the queen in terms of these two performance metrics, but its other performance metrics are quite good. I wonder if this Mecca girl is one of those stupid modifications made by the night team. In short, his first impression was that it was a baby stroller, but not quite as babyylike as he thought. In addition, Suchin also discovered that the A-class Mecca girl Xiing has special skills indicated by a special skill awakened icon in her information panel. As for what kind of special skill it was, Suchin couldn't see it. So, will Lin Wei Weii use Red Stars special skills? Such Chin stared at the tail lights of Red Stars car ahead, his eyes filled with curiosity. He doesn't plan to use Queen's special abilities in this match because there's absolutely no need for it. But he was very curious about the effects of the other Mecca Girls special skills. Let's overtake them first and test the waters. Suchin briefly observed the track conditions. Once you leave the Tacara Mountains and enter the Tacmara Plains, the course suddenly becomes much easier, as if its difficulty level has been reduced from five stars to two stars. Even the lanes have been expanded to six lanes. With such a wide track, he can overtake however he wants. Suchin turned the steering wheel to the right, preparing to overtake. Queen, who was originally in the wake of Akahoshi, immediately moved away from Akahoshi. Akahoshi reacted immediately, changing lanes to block Queen. Wow, not bad for you. Such Chen's eyes lit up. A true expert skill is immediately apparent. Liniwayi's reaction and interception were definitely at a master level. Pity, you still fell for it, Heihei. Queen is a Mecca girl with extreme burst damage potential. He slightly adjusted the steering wheel and Lin Weii in front immediately noticed and steered the Red Star to the right in anticipation. Suchin narrowed his eyes, turned left again, and the moment the front of Queen's car and the rear of Red Stars car were separated, he floored the accelerator. Boom! Amidst the whistling of the engine, Queen darted out diagonally. Then, Such Chin adjusted the steering wheel to correct the car's posture. At this point, Queen had already reached parody with Akahoshi. At this moment, Lin Weii and Chickix had no choice but to collide with Queen if they wanted to make another move to stop her. Wow, so fast. This old man reacts so quickly. Linui's pupils suddenly contracted. The immortal who offended you? I only went to the European region for further studies for a while. How come so many monsters have appeared in the Chinese region? Ayeno is one thing, but not quite. After all, the title of god of wine has been established for a long time, so such a quick reaction is understandable. But Suchin hadn't even realized what was happening when Queen had already overtaken her and was on par with Akahoshi. Only now did she realize that Suchin had just fainted with a very realistic move. Perhaps it wasn't a faint at all. The other person could switch between actions at will. Whether it was real or fake depended entirely on how she responded. Master Morphice, shall we use our ultimate technique? Akahiko watched helplessly as Queen overtook her little by little, her wheels spinning and smoking, but she still couldn't catch up. Her heart filled with resentment. She is indeed not the strongest Aclass Mecca girl. Yahoo's performance is better than hers. But that doesn't mean she thinks she's worse than Yahoo because she has a talent that most Mecca girls don't have. For a normal Mecca girl to awaken a special skill, she must be upgraded to Srank and even then there's no guarantee she'll be able to awaken it. S level is just a threshold. Some conditions are still needed as incentives, but she's different. She awakened her A-level special skill. The main purpose of this trip to Europe with Linui was to refine their special skills and develop new running techniques based on them. If we use special skills now, she could overtake and even surpass Nighthof in front of her immediately. Hearing Akahoshi's words, Lin Weii also had a moment of impulse. But remembering Fed's instructions, her restless heart calmed down. There's no point in using it. Lini Weii sighed. The moment they caught up with us, they were already 3 minutes ahead of us. In the last 10 km or so, Chickixing, do you think we can make up for the 3-minute gap? Other teams don't know about your special skills yet. It's a secret weapon. If we use it now, it's like exposing our trump card in advance. We will definitely be targeted in the provincial competition. Upon hearing this, Akahoshi's burning passion and resentment cooled down. Linui is absolutely right. Using special skills now is not worth the effort. Forget about winning the championship. On the contrary, she and Lin Weii already knew how powerful Su Chin and Queen were. Losing a provincial preliminary round is nothing. Their ultimate goal is the provincial finals. It led Peak Future T3 to achieve good results. The more their opponents reveal, the more advantageous it is for them. I understand, master, but I want hot pot tonight. No problem. Linui smiled. Eating hot pot was Chickixs way of relieving his depression. Depending on the level of depression, appetite may increase. I reckon Akahoshi won't stop until he served at least 100 plates of beef tonight. As the queen's car drove further and further into the distance, it came into view. The scarlet tail lights had a unique imposing and oppressive aura in the dark night. Such Chin Lini Weii murmured softly. Next time I won't let you have it so easy. Chapter 156. He has no chance. They didn't use any special skills. They're quite patient. Suchin looked at Chi-ing in the rearview mirror and thought more highly of Lin Weii, whom he had never met before. With only a dozen kilometers left in the race, unless Akahoshi can fly to the finish line, no amount of special skills can make up for the 3-minute gap. It was correct for Lin Weii not to use Chickixing special skills. If he wasn't mistaken, this special skill was still a secret. I estimate the opponent will hold off until the provincial competition before using it. This kind of forbearance and mindset is the quality a master should possess. It's no wonder he's a professional driver for peak future group. There must be a reason he can get into such a topter team. Unaware of Akahoshi's special abilities, he should be more vigilant and cautious. But right now, we're not considering Akahoshi's special skills. In this race, he only has one opponent left. Ayano, the captain of the night hoof team. And the figure of the Mecca girl, Night Hoof, also came into his field of vision. Queen, how many km are we still to the finish line? 12 km, master. Within 12 km, we will overtake Night Hoof. Two cold glints flashed in Such Chen's eyes. Before the competition, the Yini helped him check the information. This year, if the Night Hoof racing team wanted to participate in the provincial competition, they had to win at least three individual championships in the qualifiers in order to have enough team points. Therefore, the Night Hoof racing team would definitely have to participate in at least three provincial qualifiers. He only needs to snipe the Knighhoff team's individual championship three times. No team from Night's Voice will be participating in this provincial championship. Meanwhile, the T2 and T1 teams from the Night Voices are already participating in national competitions. Suchin can't affect T2 and T1 of Knight's voice for the time being, but he can disrupt T3's rhythm and kick T3's night hoof team out of the provincial competition. This will be a wake-up call, a disgrace, and a scandal for the voice of the night group. It was also a slap that landed on Chin Xen's face. Suchin didn't want to wake Chin Xen and the entire voice of the night group up with a single slap. He only wanted to affirm Queen's value, resolve Queen's inner conflict, and make Chin Xen realize his own foolishness, and restore Queen's memories. Admittedly, there is still a long road ahead, but at least for now, he wants to take the first step with Queen. Let's begin with the plan to crush Night Hoof. I'm sorry, Suchin said, staring at the approaching tail lights of the Night Hoof, his aura growing calmer and more focused. Although Night Hoof has no grudge against us, what can we do? You're a member of the voice of the night group. Kill the chicken to scare the monkey. Be the chicken that lays its neck out to be slaughtered. Ladies and gentlemen, a historic moment is about to unfold at the Tacoma circuit. Although brother Roast Goose had anticipated what he would witness today, he was still moved when history was about to unfold. As a witness to history, he still couldn't hide his excitement. His hand holding the microphone was trembling. Such Chen's queen is getting closer and closer to Ayano's nigh hoof. It's clear that Queen's peak speed is higher than Night Hoofs, but it will still be difficult for her to overtake Night Hoof. Such Chun and Queen have almost secured the championship. Brother Rose Goose rarely makes such predictions in advance. But today, he really didn't know how Ayanna would make up for the 3minut time difference, so he just said it directly. However, whether or not they win the championship is no longer meaningful to Such Chen and Queen. Anyone with eyes can see it. Such Chin and Queen's goal is not just to win the championship. Instead, he aims to overtake Ayano's night hoof and truly dominate the race. Mr. MacArthur, do you think Suchin can dominate the competition? In response to Brother Rose's question, Oldm simply stared intently at the track, not turning his head or saying a word, only raising his hand to make a shushing gesture. The following matches no longer require commentary. All eyes were on this, ready to witness the true pinnacle moment. At Trigger's Bridge, the river rushes beneath and Night Hoof and Queen race past one after the other. The sign for the last 10 km flashed by at the end of the bridge. After crossing the bridge, the six lanes gradually narrowed to three lanes. Clearly, in the logic of the track designer, the last 10 km is the decisive moment for athletes in the same group to compete against each other. To increase the difficulty of the game, the width of the track was continuously reduced in the last 10 km. There were only three lanes, but two drivers were speeding through them. For the runners behind, overtaking becomes twice as difficult. The queen's headlights grew brighter and brighter in Night Hoof's side mirror. A drop of sweat slid down Ayano's pale cheek and onto his chin. He finally understood whyQin Xen had suddenly called him and told him to defend the championship. He thought his final opponents would be Lin Weii and Xiing. Unexpectedly, their real opponents were Such Chin and Queen who started in the fourth group. However, it is too late to understand now. A race of less than 10 km with a difference of 3 minutes is simply an unattainable dream. If he had run seriously throughout the entire race with an attitude of not holding back and giving his all, then perhaps he would still have a chance now. Pity. Now there's only one thing Aayano can do prevents Such Chin and Queen from overtaking them. Although either of them won the championship, being overtaken by Such Chan and not being overtaken by Suchin are two completely different things. Faced with Such Chin and Queen's several attempts to break through, he and Nihoof defended themselves fiercely. In the storage box next to it, the bottle of distilled rum had been opened, and the liquid was swaying slightly with only a small portion remaining, but there was little sign of drunkenness in Ayano's eyes, only seriousness and caution. "Master, the distance has been reduced to 50 m." Queen's voice rang out in the cockpit. Suchin gripped the steering wheel tightly with both hands, his eyes shining with determination and calm. At this moment, Queen's speed had soared to 300 km per hour, and the engine was emitting a deep roar at high RPM. Ahead, the Night Hoof's body was distorted and blurred in the rising heat. 300 km per hour is not Queen's limit, but Night Hoof's limit. However, due to night hoof's stubborn obstruction, the frenzied energy within the queen engine could not be fully unleashed. However, Suchin did not intend to make Queen endure for long. Aano's driving skills and experience are superb, and his reaction speed is terrifying. If you can't find a breakthrough on straightaways and gentle curves, then wait for a sharp turn. By the way, let's also see how well Aano handles corners. Master, 300 meters ahead. Right turn on Highway 375. There's a short straight after the turn. Queen's words had barely faded when the curve appeared on the horizon. Suchin took a deep breath and 100 m before entering the curve, suddenly changed lanes to the left while driving the queen. This is a classic outside overtaking maneuver using the larger radius of the outside line to enter the corner to gain higher cornering speed and then completing the overtaking maneuver on the straightaway after the corner. But Ayano reacted faster than anyone could have imagined. Almost at the same moment Queen changed lanes, Night Hoof also swerved to the left, blocking Such Chin and Queen's overtaking route. This reaction is much faster than Lin Weiwayi's. Such Chen's eyes narrowed and he was secretly shocked. The two Mecca girls were almost touching as they entered the bend with Queen tightly wedged behind Night Hoof on the left. Suchin didn't force an overtake, but instead carefully observed Ayano's cornering habits, her choice of entry point, her racing line, and the timing of her throttle control when exiting the bend. As they exited the bend, the gap between the two Mecca girls widened to several meters, but they quickly regained the advantage at Queen's peak speed. This game of breakthroughs and blockades continued to unfold on the following curves. The two Mecca girls are getting closer and closer to the finish line. The sign for the last 5 km flashed by along the side of the track. Master, we also have special skills. Although Queen's voice was calm, Suchin could still sense Queen's emotions. Queen, I really want to win. We want to win in every way. I want to win by crushing the opponent. They want to trample the night hoof motorcade underfoot. Why use a sledgehammer to crack a nut? Suchin squeezed the incredibly elastic belief to calm Queen's emotions and shook his head, saying, "Ajano's reaction is very fast. He can almost predict our movements, but prediction is still prediction, not foresight. Besides, he paused, a confident and cunning smile curving his lips. I already know everything about him. He has no chance. The negative impact of Ajano's traits is indeed undeniable, but the preceding text will not be modified. Later in the story, some plot points will be used to address these traits. Thank you for your concern. Actually, not changing them wouldn't be a big problem, but seeing how worried everyone is, I'll make some adjustments later. Chapter 157. Inertia of Thinking. Well done, Night Hoof. Keep up the defense. Su Chin and Queen shouldn't be able to break through us. Ayano glanced at the menacing Mecca girl in the rearview mirror and breathed a slight sigh of relief. More than 10 curves, more than 10 breakthroughs. Although each time was a close call, thankfully we held on. All I can say is that the final stage of the Tacmar Mountain Race was a narrow three-lane road. If there had been just one more lane, Such Chin and Queen would have overtaken them long ago. Both Night Hoof and Queen are Thunderstar Emblem Mecca Girls, and you must slow down and be careful when going around corners. However, Queen's peak speed and burst performance are stronger than Night Hoofs. No wonder she's the Mecca girl that the president of Voice of the Night has taken a liking to. The sense of oppression is truly overwhelming. Phew. Ayano wiped the sweat from his chin. Master, this is the first time I've seen you covered in sweat. Night Hoof's lips curled into a slight smile. No matter how the competition goes, Ayeno always looks like he has the victory in his grasp. So, it's a novel experience to occasionally see Master suffer a setback. Sigh. I don't know where Northern Wolves T2 found that monster driver. His reaction speed is about the same as when I drink rum. Ayano smiled bitterly inside. Anyway, the championship of this qualifying round is gone. We originally had two more chances, but now we only have one left. If we failed to win the championship in the next qualifier, we can't afford any more mistakes in the remaining three qualifiers. Otherwise, we'll have to participate in next year's provincial championship. How can the pressure not be immense? As they spoke, Queen behind them once again entered the wake of Night Hoof. This scene made Ayano and Yahu lose their appetite for conversation. Both of them stared at the track, their eyes calm and focused. Without a doubt, the next overtaking opportunity is just around the corner. Ayano feels the pressure and also enjoys it. Strong opponents make the game more interesting. It's just a pity I didn't bring any stronger liquor today. 300 meters ahead, the 401 series of hairpin bends. Night Hoof's clear voice rang out. After passing this bend, the road ahead will be smooth. From the 401 hairpin bend to the finish line, there will be no more difficult bends. Is this the last chance? Ayano murmured to himself. It seems our opponents are about to launch their fiercest attack yet. Ayano's judgment was correct. Suchin's driving of the queen close to the wake of Nighhoof was a sign that he was preparing to attack. The final battle is about to begin. Suchin narrowed his eyes slightly. The 401 turn combination is the last slightly challenging section of the Takmara mountain race. Understood. Queen nodded slightly. She didn't know what strategy such would prepare, but she could already sense his murderous intent. This last series of hairpin bends will be her and night hoof arena. Ayano has a very solid foundation and standard racing line, but he is very particular about the perfect breaking point when cornering. In addition, his reaction speed is really terrifying, which should be related to that special talent. But his fast reaction speed also means that he will be very sensitive to our movements. We can take advantage of this and use reverse thinking to outmaneuver him. Suchin remained calm and confident. The queen's eyes lit up. I see. No wonder master had been testing Ayano in the same unchanging way before. It turned out he was trying to figure out Ayano's response. If the master uses a similar approach this time, the other party will most likely use the same response as before. They can take advantage of this faint and then launch a counter operation. As expected of a master so smart to maintain such calm thinking in such a fast-paced game, she suddenly understood why Shing Ming listened to Suchin so obediently and looked at him with such admiration no matter what he did. If it were her turn, she would admire it, too. Even if my past memories hadn't been affected, I'd probably still fall for a master like that, right? The queen's pretty face flushed and she raised her hand to tuck the stray hairs behind her warm ears. Suchin had no idea that queen had become a fan of him again. The 401 bend combination is right in front of us. Suchin didn't rush to change his attack strategy at a bend. He continued to use Queen's speed to pressure Knigh Hoof's breaking point, attempting to force Nighhoof out of the inner lane and then overtake it in the inner lane using Queen's high burst speed. Both Queen and Nihof take regular cornering at speeds around 200 km per hour. Neither of the two Mecca girls went too far in increasing their cornering speed, partly because Queen was being overtaken by Night Hoof. Otherwise, even in a regular corner, Suchin could guarantee that Queen's cornering speed would far exceed that of Night Hoof. Under Ayano's control, the Night Hoof's lines were perfect with smooth side shifting through corners and the front end firmly pointing towards the apex. The car body also conveniently blocked all of Queen's breakthrough routes. Suchin thought there was only one way to break through Queen's defenses by crashing into her. The second hairpin bend is the same. In Ayano's eyes, Suchin seemed to have no memory and kept trying to break through using the same methods. What is this guy doing? At the moment when the two Mecca girls moved to almost parallel sides, he glanced out the window in confusion. Such Chin in the opposite cockpit remained calm, his eyes indifferent. They seemed completely unaware that there was anything wrong with their actions. Does this guy only know this one way to break through? Such a thought couldn't help but pop into Ayano's mind. And the more I think about it, the more likely it seems because Such Chin is young and a rookie driver. Even with exceptional talent, it's impossible to gain a lot of track experience in a short period of time. Unfortunately, he didn't know that Such Chin had already used two unconventional jumps before, not to mention the wall hugging cornering. Otherwise, he would never have thought that Suchin was a rigid and inflexible person. Racing competitions sometimes come down to information asymmetry. Even if Ayano knew Suchin well enough, he couldn't be sure of winning. Without sufficient understanding of Suchin, the outcome is even more unpredictable. the third hairpin bend. Before entering the bend, Suchin maintained his original offensive strategy. He turned the steering wheel to the right and Queen's car pointed to the outside of the curve, seemingly intending to use its peak speed and explosive performance to overtake on the outside. It's that trick again. Ayano pursed her lips and reacted immediately. Night hoof's drift arc became more pronounced, using the sides slipping body to block Queen's overtaking route. However, he did not notice that this time Queen's speed was much lower than the previous cornering speed. This allowed Nihoof to block the right side breakthrough route first, but Queen had not yet completely changed lanes. He we've been tricked. Suchin grinned. This is the opportunity brought about by habitual thinking. Ayano reacts very quickly, which means he will subconsciously take action once he anticipates something. It's as fast as muscle memory. Even if Queen's movements were a beat slower, his operation had already begun and would not stop because of that. That slight delay was the opportunity Suchin seized. Knifhof slid and fishtailed in the corner, blocking the right lane, and the left inner lane finally made way for an overtaking maneuver. Furthermore, this gap gradually widened as Knight Hoof slid sideways. Queen being a step behind seemed to have a path suddenly cleared for her by night hoof. Time seemed to stretch out infinitely at that moment. A chill ran down Ajano's heels and up to the top of his head. He saw Such Chin in the car window next to him and a smile that gradually spread across his face. In that instant, Ayeno had only one thought in her mind. We doomed. Chapter 158. We are the champions. The moment the vacancy appeared, Suchin immediately turned the steering wheel to the left and accelerated at the same time. Boom! The engine roared. The wildly spinning rear wheels instantly lost traction, causing the queen's rear to swing out immediately, and the front of the car changed direction at an extremely fast speed. Such Chun released the accelerator. The moment the queen's wheels gained traction, he floored the accelerator again. Queen's powerful burst of energy made her pierce the gap left by Night Hoof in the inner lane like a sharp sword. First create a false impression by swinging on the outside of the curve and then quickly cut into the optimal line using the Scandinavian reverse pendulum and the queen's power. This was Suchen's plan. The entire faint was made entirely of Ajano's habitual thinking and extremely fast reaction speed, achieving an extremely difficult overtaking maneuver on a three-lane curve. He did it. He really did it. Rose Goose Bros excited shouts echoed throughout the venue through the speakers. Ladies and gentlemen, Such Chin and Queen have finally overtaken each other at the 401 Herpin Bend. This overtake spanned three groups, meaning Such Chin was a full 3 minutes faster than Ayano. The audience erupted in cheers. "Wow, Mas is so cool. Queen is so cool." Shiming jumped up and almost flew off the audience seat when she saw Queen overtake the car. Xu Ying punched Yuming hard, her pretty face full of excitement. Leini took a deep breath, finally putting her mind at ease and regained her composure. though her eyes still held a turbulent mix of emotions. "Wow, old Sue is pretty capable." Noah pushed up her glasses. "Since he's so capable, why not help him invest in and promote his tuning shop? It's been open for so long. I haven't even been there yet. I wonder how the tuning cores are selling." She decided to visit Such Chen's car modification shop after the competition. She can't offer much help in terms of racing. But she's confident she can provide some support in opening a shop. After all, the three modification shops around that shop are not to be trifled with, so she can take some time to give them a piece of her mind. How? How is this possible? Fans of the Voice of the Knights stared at the screen in disbelief. Ayano was their last hope. Even though winning the championship is out of the question, as long as Ayano can keep Suchin in check, the loss won't be too embarrassing. Ayano was overtaken right on the last difficult section of consecutive corners. Even Ayano isn't a match for him. This is a three-lane road. It's hard to overtake on a three-lane road, isn't it? Didn't the voice of the knight say they would specifically work on the players condition before the competition to ensure they were in top form? Is this how they work on them? Compared to the way the fans of The Voice of the Night couldn't accept it, the small number of Such Chen's fans in the audience were collectively going wild. Moreover, a steady stream of viewers are becoming fans at this moment, overcoming a 3-minute gap in the start. They overtook all the competitors ahead of them, ending the race in a crushing fashion and ending Nighhoof racing team's dream of winning the qualifying championship. Such a player might only appear once every few years. Now that they've become Such Chen's fans, they'll be loyal fans, and they'll be proud to be Such Chen's fans in future competitions. Well, this overtaking maneuver may seem like a brilliant faint by Such Chin, even incorporating a pendulum drift technique, but it was actually premeditated. MacArthur spoke. While brother Rose Goose was frantically praising Su Chen and Queen out of courtesy and obligation, he also had to help the Night Hoof team analyze the situation. We can't let the Night Hoof team be criticized by the entire audience. He adjusted the microphone and continued. Attentive viewers should have noticed that Suchin used the same method to try to break through Ayano and Night Hoof's defenses. Every time it was the same routine which created a subconscious condition reflex and habitual thinking for Ayano. In addition, Ayano has a special talent. His reaction speed is greatly enhanced after drinking alcohol. This almost muscle memory-like reaction once formed into a habit will be performed instinctively the moment Such Chen's movements are noticed. This is also why Ayano was overtaken by Such Chin. It's not that he's bad, but that Suchin is too cunning. He used more than 10 turns to cultivate Ayano's habitual thinking. And on the last bend, Ayanos habitual thinking was completely destroyed. Therefore, with the queen clearly possessing superior explosive power compared to the night hoof, overtaking became a foregone conclusion. On the big screen, Queen had already steadily overtaken Night Hoof. At even higher peak speeds, the distance between the two Mecca girls is gradually widening. Ayano and Night Hoof have no chance. If they have a higher peak speed, they might be able to make a comeback at the next bend. Mr. MacArthur's analysis sounds like he's fattening up the enemy before killing them. Rose Goose Bro chuckled. Although he doesn't understand things like habitual thinking or reactions, he can still summarize. Could this running style be called the pig farming flow? MacArthur shook his head and gave roast goose bro a disdainful look. This isn't called pig farming. This is called operations. Operation is a very sophisticated way of racing. It is not reflected in the driver's skills or the performance of the mecha girl. It tests the wisdom and overall vision of the driver and the team. Operational running strategies are rarely seen in individual races. However, this kind of strategic running approach is quite common in team competitions. Actually, Ayano used an operational running style for Linui, a runner from Peak Future. He drove the Nihaho in the wake of the Red Star, keeping up with it very easily, using the Red Star as a scout vehicle. With the championship secured, he can overtake whenever he wants, and Akahosi has no way to stop Yakuri. At this point, MacArthur couldn't help but chuckle. Ayano himself never imagined that one day he would be outmaneuvered by another driver and in such a sophisticated way. I find it hard to believe that Suchin is a newcomer who has only run a few races. His track intuition and experience are terrifyingly strong. What's even more inspiring is his quick thinking and imagination. He's practically a cunning old fox. Old Fox isn't exactly a flattering description, but in Old Mai's view, this was already the highest praise he could give. As a track analyst, he has a god-like perspective on the racers. He thinks many players actions are stupid and rigid. Only contestants like Aayano and Lin Weii could catch his eye. And Such Chin, that wouldn't be a pleasant surprise. That surprised him. Unbelievable. The last mile. The gap between Night Hoof and Queen has reached 100 meters. Everyone understands that the dust has settled. The Tacara Mountain Race course is a loop. The end is also the beginning. 11 seconds later, Queen crosses the finish line. She sprinted along the track below the stance. The black car body reflected the lights of the finish line, making her look like a phoenix rising from the ashes. Suchin executed a beautiful drift, bringing Queen to a stop on the starting platform. He opened the car door and got out. He was bathed in the cheers of the entire audience amidst the pale smoke of the cigarette. My gaze met that of the catgirl in the audience who was jumping and waving in the distance, and all my fatigue seemed to vanish in that instant. I have fulfilled my mission. Such Chin smiled slightly, then raised his fist, looking down at the entire audience with a defiant gaze at the VIP seats of the voice of the knight. Didn't they say queen couldn't start? Didn't they say queen was completely ruined? Didn't you think Knight's modifications were fine? So why is the first one standing on the loading platform now? It was him and Queen. The anger that had been suppressed throughout the game was finally released at this moment. Feeling exhilarated by the satisfaction of crushing your opponent under your feet, Suchin roared. Us Dash, they're the champions. Chapter 159. A team. Mr. Suchun, what are your thoughts on this crossroup overtake and winning the championship with an absolute advantage of 3 minutes? I don't have any particular feelings about it. It has nothing to do with my skills. The main thing is that my Mecca girl is very powerful. Oh, really? But Mr. Sue, your driving skills are clearly excellent, too. My Mecca girls aren't strong enough, so I can't pull off those maneuvers. In short, my Mecca girls are just too powerful. Um, I heard that your Mecca girl has a rather special background. She's from The Voice of the Night and she was retired due to performance issues caused by a failed modification. Heihei, let me correct you. There are no Mecca girls with poor performance, only modification teams with poor skills. Such Chin's smiling face immediately turned serious, and he looked at the reporter's camera with a serious expression. Do you think Queen looks like a Mecca girl with performance problems? If you asked me, some modification team should just disband as soon as possible and go back to the village to do postpartum care for SA. Uh, Mr. Suchin, you're joking. But Queen certainly doesn't seem to be a mecha girl with performance issues. Besides, your skills are what we should really acknowledge. Please don't be modest. You're already a champion. Huh? Can't you understand me? I said we won the competition entirely because my Mecca girl is so powerful and I'll shove the camera in your mouth again. Reporter. Having interviewed so many drivers, Such Chin is definitely the most outrageous one he has ever met in his career. What level is the night team at? That's definitely a top-notch modification team in the Chinese region. Representing the forefront of car modification trends in the Chinese region. He was certain that his hint had been very clear. Suchin should not speak carelessly as offending such a top-notch modification team would not do any good. However, Suchin acted as if he couldn't understand the hidden meaning in his words at all. They immediately unleashed a close-range attack on the modified team from the Knight's Voice. They even threatened to shove a camera into his mouth. That's terrifying. If Suchin continues like this, his career as a journalist will be over. But the champion can't be left out of the interviews. Let's ask the machine girl. With that thought in mind, the reporter then pointed the microphone at Queen next to him. Miss Queen Yu, Master was able to win the championship entirely because of his superior skills. The reporter hadn't even finished speaking or even asked the question. The queen has already anticipated this and provided an answer. Reporter that many racers pursue balanced Mecca girl attributes, but in reality, they are just making excuses for their own skill problems. As long as the racer's skills are strong enough, they can make up for the Mecca girl's disadvantages and fully exert her strengths. In this competition, whether it was cornering close to the wall or making two unconventional jumps through corners, it was all the best proof that Master was leveraging his technical skills to maximize his performance advantages. The reporter's face grew increasingly pale and his lips trembled. Queen stared at the screen, a layer of frost covering her wine red eyes as if she were looking down on someone through the screen. I'm very happy to be with a driver as skilled as master. Most importantly, I can be myself freely by his side, a pure thunderstar emblem girl. Instead of transforming into someone you wouldn't recognize just to please the driver. After the queen finished speaking, the reporters were practically in tears. Before interviewing Queen, he specifically looked into the dispute between Queen and the Voice of the Night in order to keep up with the topic. He knew that Queen had been chosen as the Mecca girl by the president of Voice of the Night. So, what Queen is saying now is basically saying that the president of the Voice of the Night is blind and useless. Right? If even a reporter like him could tell, wouldn't the CEO of Voice of the Night behind the screen have noticed? In fact, Chin Xen did understand what Queen meant. The atmosphere in the VIP seating area of the entire night voice seemed to drop a few degrees. Chin Xen stared coldly at Queen on the big screen, a cold glint flashing deep in his eyes. Being able to start up makes a difference. And you're speaking with more confidence now. But what does it mean to be able to start up? What does it mean to defeat the Night Hoof team? The Nightigh Hoof team is just the weakest T3 team in the Voice of the Night. It's laughable that you think defeating the Night Hoof team means you've trampled my entire voice of the night group under your feet. Moreover, Gene Xion glanced at Night Hoof, which had just entered the finish line and was parked near Queen. Ajano did not perform at his full potential in this match. Firstly, he was unaware that Queen was chasing after him and was busy playing mind games with Lin Weii. Secondly, Ajano's development of his talent has not yet reached its peak, which is definitely not just due to the stimulation of alcohol. Besides, Ayano only brought three kinds of alcohol today. So, the stimulation to the nerves only reached the third stage. If he goes all out in this provincial preliminary round, Such Chin and Queen might not necessarily win the championship. As the president of Voice of the Night, she saw these situations very clearly. But Such Chin and Queen couldn't see it clearly. They were still gloating over their lucky victory and even whispered words that trampled on the sound of the night. Arrogant, ridiculous. James Gene Xen was furious. She was about to put pressure on Knight's chief modifier as usual when she turned around and found that James had disappeared at some point. James has run away. Chin Xen then remembered that James had resigned from his position as chief modifier for the night team. The two are no longer in a boss employee relationship, so she naturally has no right to hold James accountable. Damn it. Chin Xen punched the handrail hard. After that punch, she seemed to have vented all her anger. She took a deep breath and her expression became calm and composed again. However, the air pressure around the seats remained very low, and the members, modifiers, and employees of the voice of the night were all silent. But the anger in Shin Xian's eyes still burned fiercely. It was just suppressed like a dormant volcano that could erupt at any moment. Let's go back to the company. Huh? Mr. Chen, aren't we waiting for the night hoof team to come along? I won't wait. Chin Xen stood up without turning his head. When they get back, tell them to get to my office. Congratulations again to Su Chan and Queen for winning the provincial preliminary competition. Brother Roast Goose walked up to Such Chin and Queen with the trophy and competition prizes in his hands. The prizes for this competition are provided by Peak Future Group. You can choose one intermediate level star emblem. Brother Roast Goo handed a card to Suchin. With this card, you can choose mid-level star coins at the top floor VIP lounge of Star God shopping mall. There's also 800,000 yuan bonus. Brother Roast Goose handed over another briefcase which contain neatly stacked yuan. Other rewards are pretty standard. For example, your photo with the queen will be displayed on the champion's wall in Tacara for future players to see. You can also receive a blessing from the star god. And there's more. Brother Rose Goose winked at Such Chin and whispered, "You guys have gained a lot of fans this time. Advertisers will be coming to you soon. The 800,000 yuan prize money is nothing. The advertising fees these advertisers will provide are the real money." He he so in order to let advertisers see your excellent image, you should take this group photo of the champions very well. Brother Rose Goose shoved the guilded championship trophy into Queen's hands and then beckoned the photographer over. The queen glanced at the trophy, then at Suchin before finally letting her gaze wander off the field. A petite figure was hopping and skipping around on the outskirts of the crowd, trying to attract her attention. That star dream. Shing Ning was shouting something, but there were too many fans around and the arena was too noisy, so the catgirl's voice was drowned out as soon as it came out. Queen pursed her lips and said to Suchin and the photographer, "For the champion group photo, I'd like to invite Master's first Mecca girl, Shing, to join us. We are a team, a family. Winning the championship is inseparable from the efforts and hard work of each and every one of us." So she raised the trophy in her hand, her eyes crinkling with joy. The fruits of victory should be shared by us all. Chapter 160. Ignorance is a sin. A group photo of Suchin, Queen, and Shing Mang, the champions, is displayed at the top of the Tacara Mountain Bike Race Champions Wall. Shing Ming held the trophy high with both hands, and Sue Shan and Queen stood behind her, their faces beaming with happiness. In the corner of the photo, Roast Goosebro and MacArthur each made a peace sign, managing to get a little bit of exposure. Next to the photo are Such Chin and Queen's results for this race, 2 hours, 0 minutes, and 28 seconds with an average speed of 256 km per hour. This is currently the highest record for the Tacara Mountain Race. Until someone breaks this record, the champion photo of Suchin and the two Mecca girls will always be placed at the very top, occupying the best central position in terms of view. Ayano finished second with a time of 2 hours 3 minutes and 56 seconds. However, his photo with Nhof doesn't qualify for the champion's wall in Tamra. Ayano stood with Yahu in his hand under the champion's wall, gazing at the photo at the very top, a hint of resentment in his eyes. That was where he should have been. However, due to underestimating their opponents, they ultimately missed out on the championship. Master, one defeat is nothing. We'll win next time. Nihoof squeezed Aano's large soft hand, which eased Aano's frustration and dejection somewhat. I know. I'm just a little disappointed, Ayano sighed. Of course, it's a pity. He was absolutely confident about the Tacmar Mountain race and he had clearly done so much training and preparation for it. Having only secured second place means that he and the Nighthof team will need to be even more cautious in the remaining four provincial qualifying races. You must win three out of five qualifying rounds. The first opportunity has now been wasted. Very light footsteps came from the side. Ayano subconsciously turned his head and saw two masked figures whose identities could not be concealed sneaking out of the back door of the arena. Those paparazzi who mess with you are so annoying. Exactly. I already said I wouldn't give interviews, but they still swarm around me like a bunch of toads, and I can't shake them off. The two dialects sound so familiar. Putting aside their clothes and figures, you can tell they are Lin Weii and Chickixing just by their voices. Wow, that old man is looking over here. Could he have recognized us? No way. Our disguises are so well done. There's no way he could recognize us. Let's go. Let's go home and have hot pot. Ayano, couldn't those two be a little quieter? Do you really think he can't hear you? Watching two petite figures, their heads covered with clothes, gradually disappear into the distance. Ayano suddenly felt a pang of envy, Lin Weii and Chicken's goal was definitely to win the championship in this competition, but they seemed to be under no pressure at all. It doesn't matter if we lose the game. It didn't affect their celebration of eating hot pot at all. On the other hand, he and Yato were still feeling uneasy about the criticism they were about to receive that night. Shin Xen didn't wait for their knight hoof team. Instead, he left with the people from the voice of the night, clearly furious. When a boss gets angry, the subordinates should take it out on the boss. Their Night Hoof team is the perfect target for venting their anger. There were no reporters blocking the back door, making it a good escape route for the drivers and female cyclists. No sooner had Lin Weii and Chi-ing left than a burst of silvery laughter echoed from the back passage. Such Chen, Queen, and Shing Ming walked out side by side. Shing Ming, like a dil kitten, clung tightly to Su Chens arm, her soft, pretty face almost pressed against it, her large, azure eyes still brimming with lingering excitement. Queen walked to Such Chen's right, carrying a trophy and a briefcase, her gaze frequently falling on Shing Ning and Such Chin, a faint smile playing on her lips. The lights from the back door of the stadium cut in diagonally from the end of the passage, drawing a straight dividing line on the ground. Such Chin and his two companions had just reached the boundary between light and shadow. Suchin. A deep voice came from the shadows inside the passageway. Suchin stopped in his tracks. The queen's smile vanished instantly, and her sharp gaze swept towards the source of the sound. Shing Ming tilted her head curiously and the cattail that had been swaying behind her stopped. Ayana led Nihoof out from the shadows deep within the passage. When no light had reached, he stopped at the boundary between light and darkness. Most of his body still hidden in shadow. Only his profile was defined by the light cast by the door frame. He looked at Suchin under the lamplight with a complex expression, a mixture of resentment, scrutiny, and a hint of stubbornness. The champion in the light, the runner-up in the shadows. The two were a few steps apart, yet it felt like they were standing in two different worlds. The scene seemed to freeze at that moment. The echoes in the passageway quieted down. "You're amazing," Ayano said, her voice a little horse, as if admitting a fact she didn't want to admit. He stared into Such Chen's eyes and took a deep breath. "But there won't be a next time. In the next qualifier, I will give it my all. I will make you understand that the drivers of Nihof are not a group of drivers who can only rely on the performance of Mecca girls. We have trained hard and the skills we have honed our second to none. The next qualifying round, the championship will be ours. Nhof stood beside Aano and gently squeezed his hand. Suchin stood in the light, his face expressionless, except for a very subtle upward twitch at the corner of his mouth. He turned his head and glanced at Ayano in the shadows. The sharpness in his eyes when he looked at Chin Xen was gone, but there was no warmth either, only an almost indifferent detachment. He knew that Ayano had misunderstood his words during the award ceremony, thinking they were mocking the night's team. In fact, these words were specifically said to Chin Xen. As for Nihoof, it seems pretty good so far. Such Chen's gaze fell on Nihoof and Ajano's clasped hands and then glanced at Night Hoof's lively purple eyes. Clearly, Nihoof is different from the modified Mecca Girls of Night Voice. She retains her individuality. It's unclear whether it's because she's undergone fewer modifications or because Ajano is protecting her. Suchin didn't know, nor did he need to make any distinction. All he needed to know was that Ayano was the driver for Voice of the Night, and that was enough. They were all snakes. He couldn't be bothered to tell which were poisonous and which weren't. Therefore, he did not respond to Ayano. She glanced at Ayano briefly, then took Shing and Queen's hands and turned to leave. You don't even want to talk to him. Ayano frowned. No, it shouldn't be disdain. That look was like looking at another line that will never intersect. Watching Such Chen's receding figure, Ayano took a deep breath. Suchin, I want to know why you are so hostile towards me and Night Hoof. I don't remember ever offending you. In the lamplight, Suchin paused. There was no turning back. Only the cold sound echoed in the corridor. You don't understand the voice of the night. Have you covered your eyes or have you plugged your ears? Oh, that's not important. Anyway, ignorance is a sin in itself. Chapter 161. We're having hot pot, too. Such words left Ayano stunned for a long time. He vaguely sensed that Such Chen's hostility was mainly directed at the voice of the night, while Nihoof was merely caught in the crossfire. However, he felt that the voice of the night was quite good for the club's pilots and Mecca girls. All kinds of resources are provided in full and the modification team is the best in the country. They train 5 days a week and are given two days off. Sometimes the rewards for winning a competition are even more generous than those from the competition organizers. Ayano was a little confused, at least from his personal perspective. The voice of the knight is quite good for both him and his mecha girl knight hoof. It's unreasonable to assume that Such Chin harbors hostility towards knight voice because of Queen since almost every club experiences similar situations. Moreover, the club will compensate these Mecca girls. We can't force a Mecca girl to keep racing even if we can't fix her properly, can we? Captain, it's time to go back. I've seen that the reporters outside have all left. Lucen Ayano turned around, her expression somewhat dazed. All right, we should go back. He gave a smile. Yata's performance this time wasn't ideal. PresidentQi must be very angry. I'm going to get a scolding when I get back. This was the first time Lun had ever seen his captain look so dejected and helpless. He sighed and patted Ayano on the shoulder. Captain, this competition was indeed very unexpected. None of us expected that Northern Wolves T2 would suddenly produce such a strong driver, especially since he was only a member of the youth training team. Before the match, none of the analysts at Night Voice took Suchin seriously. They could predict the outcome of almost every match. Yet, they still failed to account for Suchin, this unpredictable variable. But now, we know that Suchin is a very strong player. So, we will treat him as an evenly matched opponent in the next competition. Loosen paused then said solemnly the analyst at voice of the night will also develop a targeted plan based on suchin also captain we will improve as well with lusen's words of comfort gradually calmed down he has never liked to attribute his defeats to the strength of his opponents it's just that I'm not strong enough not that my opponents are too strong if you're not strong enough then make yourself stronger fight. Ayano clenched his fists, took a deep breath, and his fighting spirit rekindled in his eyes. We had it too easy before. We didn't encounter any strong opponents before the provincial competition in the first half of the year, so we ended up stumbling in the provincial competition. Such Chen's appearance this time was a wake-up call, bringing us back to our senses from our arrogance and complacency. Let us re-examine ourselves, hone our skills, and in doing so become stronger. The night hoof team members all came out through the back door. Upon hearing Ayano's words, the dejection on everyone's faces vanished. "The captain is right," Lucen said with a smile. "Our night hoof is the strongest racing team in the province. Keep it up. Go for it!" a team member shouted, raising his fist. Go Yato! Moss! We won the championship. Shouldn't we celebrate? Meow. Looking into Shing Mings big blinking eyes, Suchin knew almost instantly what she was thinking. "What do you want to eat?" he asked directly. "He he dash." Shing Ming smiled with her eyes narrowed, happy that Suchin could respond to her signal. She rubbed her hands together, but hesitated a little. "Hm, let's eat. Haha." Shing Ming suddenly pointed to the sign on the street. Silunkan with a triumphant and confident air. It made the decision. We're having hot pot. Meow. Half an hour later. Two pots were placed in front of Suchin. Left side extra hemp. Right side extra spicy. He sat in the middle with a Mecca girl on each side. Suchin stared speechlessly at the empty seat opposite him. Aren't there still seats across from here? Why are you all crowding around me? Aren't you going to get hot when we eat hot pot later? And why is it all spicy broth? Suchin thought that Shing Ming and Queen would have lighter tastes, so I felt safe enough to go to the restroom. When I got back, the hot pot base had already been ordered. Extra spicy and numbing. What a perfect hot pot with two broths. Isn't it convenient for me to sit next to Masa and feed him? Hino asked matterofactly. Didn't Masa say that food tastes bland unless I feed it to him myself? Meow. Shing Mings voice was quite loud. Disdainful glances were already coming from all directions. Suchin felt a little embarrassed and coughed lightly, looking down. She whispered, "That's at home. I can eat by myself when I'm out. Not even outside." Shing Ming picked up a piece of crispy pork, held it in her hand, and brought it to Su Chens mouth, saying, "Seriously, even outside, Shing Ming won't allow Moss to eat tasteless food." The sweet and tender catgirl had already brought the crispy pork to her mouth. Soft white fingers were right in front of me, even though everyone around me was looking at me with disdain. Suchin had no reason to refuse. He stuck out his chin and slurped it down. Uggh mas, you're so annoying. You're deliberately eating Shing Mings fingers again. Hearing Shing Mings reproachful voice, Suchin immediately felt that the disdainful gazes around him had turned into a bit more anger. But so what? He happily ate the crispy pork. Perhaps the only thing he could eat at this hot pot meal was this crispy pork. Queen, what about you? What's your reason for not sitting across from me? Suchin looked to the other side. The queen sat very close to him, almost touching him, her long black hair falling from her shoulders to her waist. In this situation, Suchin inevitably had to use his passive skill top tier lung transmission. Compared to the sweet milky scent of Star Dream, Queen's body fragrance is quite mysterious. I don't know how to describe it. It has a chocolate licker feel to it, but it's not that kind of sweet chocolate. It's a rich and mellow dark chocolate. I don't know what's going on with these Mecca girls. He used to be unable to identify women by their scent, but now he's quite adept at it. Perhaps this is the difference between all natural and artificial perfumes. I have a unique understanding of cooking time and temperature, Queen said with a smile. Sitting next to master makes it easier for me to serve the freshly cooked dishes. As she spoke, she put the beef from the plate into the extra spicy pot. The red oil in the pot was boiling and steaming, which made Such Chen's buttocks tighten and his face turn pale. This guy eats a bite but doesn't share it with anyone else. The queen recalled many fragmented images. She, Shing Ming, and Su Chin had eaten hot pot together before. She was in charge of cooking at that time. She didn't eat much during the whole hot pot meal, but Shing Ming and Such Chin ate until their bellies were round, and she in fact thoroughly enjoyed the process. What was her mindset at that time? It must be because they're happy to be able to contribute to their master. It's definitely not the kind of bad mentality that involves feeding dogs and cats. Chapter 162. Hi. After the queen finished speaking, Such Chin sensed that the gazes around him were now carrying a hint of murderous intent. The driver himself is already an exceptional individual among ordinary people. After all, being a race car driver is very expensive. Ordinary families simply cannot afford to send their children to the League Academy. People like Wonging come from relatively wealthy families. But even so, she still needs to find an ATM like Lin Hai Jun to cover her various expenses. Therefore, Such Chen's appearance with the Mecca girl was already very eye-catching. As a result, he brought two with him at once. Bringing two Mecca girls is one thing, but for those two Mecca girls to say such things is another. Isn't this just making trouble for the other diners? However, Suchin did not feel happy. He stared blankly as Queen and Shing Ming each added a chopstick to his bowl. These foods had already been cooked in a very spicy and numbing red oil pot, and now they were being placed in a dipping sauce full of chili peppers. Are you trying to make him stay in the toilet all night? HQings lips were red and swollen from the spiciness, looking much more swollen than usual, making her look very kissable. She ate with great relish, even urging Such Chin repeatedly. Ma, seed up. It'll get cold if you don't eat now. Meow. Mecca girls don't have an excoratory system, only a drainage system, and they can digest 100% of what they drink, nutrient solutions, or human food. For Shing Ming, eating spicy food is purely for gratification. She doesn't have to worry about causing any fatal damage to her stomach or anus. Queen standing next to her appeared much more composed. Her lips were only slightly red, and a thin layer of mist covered her originally fair cheeks. The skin beneath the mist had a faint pink hue, making one want to take a bite and taste it. "Master, is it not to your liking?" Queen noticed Such Chen's troubled expression, and then looked at Shing, who was eating with great gusto and fanning herself with her little hands to cool off, and she roughly understood. "So Such Chin doesn't eat spicy food?" She quickly called over a waiter and asked to pay extra to change the spicy broth to clear broth. Such Chen witnessed this scene. Queen in the Secret Passage was as meticulous as ever. Take the recent group photo of the champions for example. He originally had the idea of having Shing come and film together. Since the previous city championships and city car king competitions did not have this process, he thought he would let Shing experience it as well. However, before he could say it, Queen had already taken the initiative to think of it and called Shing Ming over. It would definitely be better if Queen took the initiative to speak up in this kind of situation. Otherwise, there will always be the feeling that he only favors Shing Ming. Mass, this tastes so good. Quick, let me feed you. Sizzle, sizzle, sizzle. A steaming hot chopstick held a piece of beef coated in chili oil and reached out. Suchin glanced at Shing Mings expectant little eyes. I feel like my whole body is about to break. I thought Queen would be free once he switched to a clear broth pot. As a result, that idiot Ching Ming chased after him and tried to kill him. How could a qualified pilot let the Mecca girl down? He stealed his heart, closed his eyes, and opened his mouth. Wow. The moment the beef touched the tongue, a burst of intense spiciness exploded within me. It felt like a tiny person was dancing on his tongue with a red hot branding iron, shooting straight to the top of his head. Suchen's face flushed red instantly. The veins on his forehead throbbed faintly, and his mouth looked like it was holding a ball of fire. "Is it delicious, Master?" Shing Ming tilted her head, her little mouth red and swollen from the spiciness, still hissing and panting, her eyes filled with even more anticipation. So delicious. Suchin squeezed out the two words through his teeth, feeling as if his soul was steaming. Queen next to her couldn't help but cover her mouth and chuckle. His wine red eyes were full of mischievous laughter. She had already seen through Such Chen's predicament, but deliberately didn't point it out. Instead, she slowly picked up the chilled plum juice next to her and handed it to Such Chin, her voice so gentle it could melt your heart. Master, have some plum juice to relieve the spiciness. Suchin felt like he had been granted a pardon. He snatched the cup and gulped down more than half of it. The cool, sweet, and sour taste finally suppressed the burning sensation. He looked at Queen with gratitude, his eyes clearly saying, "My savior." If only Queen could stop Star Dream. Or it would be better to just tell Shing Ning that he doesn't like spicy food. This also prevents him from directly hurting Shings feelings. But the ever understanding queen ignored his pleading eyes. She simply picked up the strainer gracefully, scooped a few tender fish slices from the clear broth pot, and placed them in Such Chen's bowl. As if handing him the plum juice earlier was just a simple gesture. How could I refuse the delicious food that Shing Ming personally served me? She couldn't take away Shings affection for Master, so she chose to ignore it. After drinking some plum juice, Suchin caught his breath and felt that the world had regained its color. Mass This tripe is so good. It's just right. You have to try it. Meow. Shing Ning seemed to have discovered a new continent. She precisely picked up a trembling piece of trike from the hot oil pot, still covered with boiling red oil and dense peppercorns and enthusiastically offered it to Su Chen's mouth again. He felt his throat was howling. The pleading look in her eyes turned to Queen again. But queen was resting her chin on her hand, gazing absently at the night view outside the window. Suchin turned his head away. Hino a hog cowick swayed in front of her eyes. His persistent and expectant eyes seemed to hold starlight. Shing Ming just wanted to share what she thought was good with him. What did Shing Ming do wrong? With this thought in mind, Suchin resignedly opened his mouth again. The crispness of the tripe was instantly overwhelmed by an even more intense spiciness, and he could even clearly hear the sizzling sound in his mouth. Hiss. This time, he couldn't help it. I gasped, tears welling up in my eyes. At the opportune moment, the queen gently pushed the plum juice cup to Suchin's side again, her face still bearing that gentle and considerate smile, as if to say, "Master, please enjoy." Suchin looked at the cup of sour plum drink in despair, then at Shing Mangs chopsticks, which were eager to try again. He felt like he was trapped in a vicious cycle of dying from the spiciness, surviving with sour plum drink, dying from the spiciness again. Just then, a familiar voice suddenly came from the next table. Ugg, let me tell you, today's competition was just so unlucky. The girl's voice was full of frustration, as if she were on the phone. We only got third place. Can't you believe it? It's not that Akahoshi and I didn't perform well. Sigh. You don't know. The girl's clear voice suddenly rose. She pounded her chest and stamped her feet. Her face full of helplessness. That guy surnamed Sue is too abnormal. Starting from the last car, he overtook us with a whoosh. It's like he has a rocket booster. Akahoshi and I teamed up to block him, but it was completely useless. His cornering reaction was, "Ugh, I don't even want to talk about it. He wasn't even human. No chance of winning. Absolutely no chance of winning. It really is Lin Weii. Even though he's facing away from us, it doesn't prevent him from being recognized at a glance." Suchin thought to himself, "What a coincidence." Lini Weii is on the phone right now. Judging from the tone, it seems like she's confiding in a friend. Meanwhile, Akahoshi next to him was engrossed in showing off his skills. She would look up and wipe her tears every now and then, eating with gusto. Then, look at that reddish black oil pan. It turned out to be the restaurant's extremely spicy food. At that moment, it seemed like someone on the other end of the phone said something. Lyni's already large eyes widened even more. Stealing someone's partner. Dig up that pervert. You're dreaming. Monsters of that level are beyond the reach of someone as insignificant as me. He's the darling of the Northern Wolves youth training team. Besides, look at how arrogant he was in the post-match interview, talking trash about everything and everyone, even daring to attack the voice of the night. Me trying to recruit him. I'd probably get shoved into the exhaust pipe. Me and my Mecca girl. No way. The person on the other end of the phone seemed very insistent. I said a lot, appealing to emotions and reasoning with people. Lyni's emotions gradually calmed down. "Oh, I know, I know. I'll give it a try. At worst, I'll just be seen as a fool and then I'll be done with it or the hot pot will get overcooked." Lyn Weiwi hung up the phone, shook her head, and sighed. He slammed his phone on the table, and began to complain to Akahoshi next to him. "Do you think the boss is out of his mind? He wants me to poach that suchin. Despite tears streaming down her face from the spiciness, Akahoshi continued to nod, offering emotional support. While grumbling indignantly, Lin Weii habitually turned her head to reach for the condiment bowl. His gaze swept over the area casually. Then he froze instantly. At the next table, Suchin, whom she called a pervert and a monster, was covering his gasping lips with one hand and holding a glass of plum juice in the other, looking at her with a strange expression. The air seemed to freeze. Then weii's face flushed red instantly down to her ears. It's like being steamed directly by the heat of a hot pot. Clearly, the person in question heard every single word of her long rant. She opened her mouth, but her throat felt like it was stuffed with a lump of scalding hot tripe, and she couldn't utter a single word. All that was left in her mind was the phrase, "It's all over." Flashing wildly across the screen. After a long pause, she managed an awkward smile. He waved stiffly at Suchin. Hi. Chapter 163. An invitation to the Peak Future. Suchin stared at Lin Weii without saying a word. Queen and Shing Ming also stared at Lin Wei Weii without saying a word. In the increasingly awkward silence, Lin Wei Weii finally couldn't hold back anymore. "I'm so sorry," she cried, bowing deeply. "I was wrong. I was a fool. I shouldn't have talked about you behind your back, and I shouldn't have called you a pervert." "Sorry, smack." Lini Weii clased her hands together and bowed solemnly. "You are so generous. Please join our peak future club. Suchin Queen Shing Ming. Even while apologizing, does she not forget her job? Indeed, there's a reason why she's an excellent driver. Such Chin was unfamiliar with the Peak Future Club. All I know is that this club is a topter club on par with Knight's voice. Because the voice of the night left a very bad impression on Suchin, he had no good feelings towards so-called large corporations. Subconsciously, Such Chen's gaze drifted to Chi-Ching. The Mecca girls seemed to completely ignore Linui Weii, who was apologizing and continued to enjoy her hot pot. It was clear that Akahoshi was not the type to tolerate spicy food very well, as her lips were as swollen as Such Chen. H, this place is so awesome. This shop is so cool. Master, don't just apologize. Invite them over for a meal. What problem can't be solved with a hot pot meal? Eat, eat, eat. All you know is eating. Linui slapped Chishing on the forehead with a chop, exasperated. You're already on fire and you're still eating. Can't you come over here and do something decent? It's like all of us Peak Futures Mecca girls are reincarnated starving ghosts. Judging from Akahoshi's appearance and the fact that Akahoshi and Lin Weii have the same frequency of 27, it is evident that Akahoshi was not like the Mecca girls in Noctturn who lost their nature and suffered a mental breakdown due to numerous inappropriate modifications. This improved his impression of Lin Weii and even the future of Peak behind her slightly. As the saying goes, you can't be friends without fighting. Since we've competed together, we're friends now. Suchin pointed to the empty seat opposite him. If you don't mind, come and eat with us. It's just a matter of asking the waiter to add a soup pot. Although he has no intention of joining the Peak Future Club, but he wanted to learn more about top clubs like Peak Future. Let's see if the situation of Mecca girls in these top clubs is really, as Gene Xian said, it is common for agreements to be amended, abolished, or terminated. Uh, so you're more interested in what kind of support you can get regarding modifications? Linui's eyes lit up. If the other party was interested in knowing, it meant there was a chance of poaching him. She cleared her throat and said in her not so fluent Mandarin. The pilots for the basic assessment are paired with premodified Mecca girls by the club. Since the club provides all the Mecca girls, the club's modification team will handle all future modification projects. Drivers who pass the boss's test don't suffer like me, I joined Peak Future with Akahoshi Into. Lini Weii patted her bare chest and said with a little pride, "The boss believes that since I can pass his test, I have my own unique insights into the future development trend of Red Stars performance. Therefore, the modification team will formulate a plan for Red Star according to my requirements and the materials will of course be born by the club. We have a lot of freedom in this regard. I see. Such Chen's face remained expressionless as he continued. Does your club give training memory capsules to the Mecca girls? Of course, Linwei nodded matterofactly. Once a month within the safe dosage, but she paused, then turned her back to Akahoshi and said to Suchin in a low voice, "I used to find that Akahoshi would be in a days for several days every time she took that memory training capsule. So, I stopped giving it to her and replaced it with highintensity training instead. Although she doesn't level up as quickly as those Mecca girls, for me, Akahoshi's comfort is definitely the most important thing. However, Akahoshi was unaware of this as she was constantly troubled by her slower progress compared to other Mecca girls. Now that you know, you absolutely mustn't tell anyone this secret. Suchin glanced at Lin Weii in surprise. It seems there are still drivers with normal intelligence in this world. Knowing that memory training capsules have unknown side effects and not knowing the extent of these side effects, I simply don't take them. This is a very simple and straightforward way to avoid risk. But it is absolutely effective. What about the other drivers and Mecca girls? Will they eat them? Faced with Such Chin's question, Lin Weii shrugged. Of course, this is a resource provided by the club. It can improve the performance of the Mecca girls. You might not be able to buy it outside the club, and even if you could, it would be very expensive. Who wouldn't use it? I just think that Akahoshi and I can do it on our own and don't need these external forces. He he dash. Upon hearing this, Akahoshi raised her pretty face, which was flush red from the spiciness, and gave Lin Wei a silly grin. Lini Weii, nicknamed silly boy, carefully wiped away the red oil from Chickixs lips with a wet wipe. Then she looked at Such Chin with anticipation and asked, "So, are you interested in joining our Peak Future Club?" Our boss said that a genius like you doesn't need any assessment. You can go straight into a professional team. Not only are there plenty of resources, but there's also detailed information on drivers from other clubs. Take for example that veteran of the night hoof team. He was actually very strong, but he didn't fully demonstrate his abilities in this race. As the saying goes, know yourself and know your enemy, and you will win every battle. The offer sounds very good. I'll have to think about it carefully. Suchin nodded. He looked at Lin Weii and Chickixing with their silly expressions. His eyes darted around. Every club must have information on players like this, right? The difference lies simply in the size of the clubs and the completeness of their intelligence gathering. Can this really be used as a bargaining chip to attract newcomers? Why don't you give me some information first? I'll take a look. If your Peak Future Club has the most detailed information, that demonstrates your strength. I'd be more willing to join then, wouldn't I? Linwei touched her fair chin, her delicate eyebrows slightly furrowed. He was clearly giving Su Chens suggestion a serious consideration. His. After a long pause, she nodded repeatedly. What you said makes a lot of sense. She slammed her phone on the table, looked at Suchin seriously, and said, "Come on, old friend. I'll send you the detailed information of the other contestants right now. Let me show you the formidable intelligence gathering capabilities of our peak future club. Chapter 164. Heih he suchin obtained the information of other club drivers without lifting a finger. Interestingly, it also includes information about Lin Weii and Chickixing. The information is very detailed actually including the measurements of the driver and the Mecca girl. Although Suchin didn't know the connection between racing and body measurements, but this alone is enough to demonstrate how serious Peak Future is about intelligence gathering. Take Ayano as another example. This information explains the different enhancements Ayano experiences after drinking different wines. If there are no problems with this intelligence, so Ayano didn't perform at his full potential. Whats Suchin considered a terrifying level of neuro reflexes was actually less than 50% of Ayano's level. If Ayano brought other wines to this competition, this allows him to exert stronger neuro reflexes, then it wasn't him using Ayano's reaction. For Ayano in his extreme state, all faints are real actions, and all real actions can be faints. Even if they switch between real and faints, he can detect it and respond immediately. It is very difficult for Ayano to surpass this extreme state. However, Ayano has to pay a price for using this extreme state. Gastric Lav. That's right. Because the alcohol concentration was too high. To maintain his exceptional reaction time throughout the game, Ayana would need to consume large amounts of alcohol. However, he is just an ordinary person and the consequence of consuming large amounts of alcohol would naturally be alcohol poisoning. However, so far, no contestant has yet been able to force Ayano to drink the last highest concentration liquor. Because Ayano also has self-awareness. When faced with an exceptionally strong opponent, he would not abuse his body, but would choose to simply give up fighting against such a formidable opponent. Such Chen's gaze continued downwards. His expression gradually became somewhat strange. This information even includes Akahoshi's special skills. After activating its special skill, wildfire causes Crimson Star to enter a scorching overload state, significantly boosting all its performance in a short period of time. It will also create a long-asting flame around the vehicle body. The flames are extremely hot and any Mecca girls that get close will be burned. This girl, don't you even check the file before transferring it? They actually revealed all their secrets. In the previous qualifiers, Lin Weii had the opportunity to let Chickixing use a special skill. Not to mention that Chickixing's short-term attribute boost would make it difficult to overtake. There was also the long-lasting flame stream, although the range was unknown. However, it is clear that Red Star is protected by Flame Stream and Lin Weiwayi's skills are not bad. When chasing other Mecca girls, they are forced to give way. When being chased by other Mecca girls, the pursuers dare not approach Yanlu to take her position. This is an extremely powerful skill. If Linui uses it, he and Queen will definitely be delayed. Catching up with Ayano and Yahu ahead of them is proving to be a bit difficult indeed. One should not underestimate the heroes of the world. Outside the hot pot restaurant, Suchin sighed as he looked through the floor to ceiling windows at Lin Weii and Chiing who were still showing off. The initial excitement of winning the provincial preliminary round completely cooled down after seeing the information of these players. Mas, are you really planning to join the Peak Future Club? Shing Ming pouted, her cat ears drooping, and she rubbed her fingers with a somewhat sullen expression. Such Chin could tell what Shing Ming was thinking at a glance. He couldn't resist teasing her on purpose. Isn't the Peak Future Club pretty good? Great resources, high status, and they pay generously. Right, Queen? Queen rolled her eyes and sideighed. Master, people like us who can't even handle spicy food aren't qualified to join the Peak Future Club. What does eating spicy food have to do with joining a club? Suchin was dumbfounded because Queen looked at Suchin with the kind of look one might give an illiterate person. The stimulation that chili peppers bring to people mainly comes from endorphins. But master doesn't eat spicy food and he has to sleep with Sister Shing everyday. So he is immersed in a sea of dopamine every day. A young master like Master can't handle the bitterness of endorphins. You should stay in Sister Shinging arms and be a baby forever. It's obvious due to the lack of memory recovery and out of respect for the master. The queen had already toned down her words considerably. It took 17 or 18 turns. If this had been said when queen's memory was still intact, the impact of her words would have been 10 times greater than it is now. Moss, queen is right. Shining Ming hugged Such Chen's arm tighter and blinked her big eyes, saying, "Moss, let's stay baby and not suffer at the Peak Future Club. We're eating sweets right here in Northern Wolf T2." Meow Dash. Actually, she was reluctant to part with the members of Northern Wolves T2. Whether it's the intellectual Zhuing, the socially awkward Chuan Yun, or the carefree Dong, they are all her good friends. In her simple mind, good friends should never be apart, but should always be together. No matter what temptations come your way, temptation doesn't always exist. But friends can accompany you for a lifetime. All right, you two, stop making fun of me. I'm not going to peek future club. Suchin sighed and helplessly patted Shings little head. Yay! Shings face lit up with joy upon hearing this. She rubbed her pretty face against Such Chen's arm and hummed happily. Ma is the best. Meow. Oh, queen covered her mouth and chuckled. So, master still prefers being a baby after all. Suchin, doesn't he have any idea whether he's a baby queen or not? It seems that Queen did indeed have some common sense memory gaps. Queen probably has no idea what happened in the bathtub last time. Queen, I'm really angry right now, Suchin said, figning seriousness. Watch out or I'll teach you what it means to be an adult. Oh, is that so? How can I know? Queen narrowed her eyes. Is that how it is? She held up her index finger and thumb together and then held up the other three fingers, making a washing motion. Suchin froze, his eyes widening and stammered. You You know, Queen him dash. Suchin, then why didn't you say so back then? Queen, of course, we have to save face for master such you queen. He he dashed. Master Queen, what are you talking about? Shingan looked left and right, her a hog standing on end and her big eyes wide, making her look completely dazed. I don't understand what you're saying. Meow. Ahem, let's change the subject. Suchin touched his nose and awkwardly looked away. Master, tell me quickly. Shiming tugged at Such Chen's arm and acted cocketishly. But Such Chin was determined not to say anything and remained unmoved no matter how much Shiming tried to reason with him. Queen watched from the side, a mischievous smile playing on her lips, occasionally adding fuel to the fire with a comment that made Suchin glare at her. The three figures side by side cast long shadows on the slightly cool street. Shiming stayed close to Suchin, her cat ears swaying gently with each step. Queen walked on Such Chen's other side with elegant steps, occasionally glancing at the two bickering. A hint of warmth was in her eyes. Suchin walked in the middle, feeling the different temperatures and affections coming from his left and right arms. The evening breeze carrying the lingering aroma of hot pot swept by, intertwining and lengthening their shadows like a quiet flowing stream, silently merging into the city's nightscape. Chapter 165, two documents. Huh? Akahoshi, I think I did something stupid when I gave Suchin the information. In the hot pot restaurant, Liniwayi's hand, which was picking up food, suddenly stopped. She belatedly scratched her head. Ugg. What was it again? I can't remember for a second. Oh dear master, this isn't the first time you've done something silly. It's nothing serious. Let's continue eating hot pot. Akahoshi said nonchalantly, stuffing a skewer of tripe into Linui's bowl. Eat up, eat up, then go home and sleep. You're right. You're talking about managing him. Lini Weii nodded in deep agreement and stuffed the tripe that chicking had pinched into her mouth. Wow, that feels great. This level of spiciness is just right. So satisfying. She casually opened a can of ice cold beer, tilted her head back, and chugged it down in one go. After finishing, she held her round belly and let out a satisfied burp. I'm full and starting to feel sleepy. I can go home, take a shower, and then go to sleep. It doesn't matter what stupid things I did for Lini Weii. If you don't think about it, it's the same as not doing it. She is still the witty Lin Weii. Meanwhile, at the headquarters of the Voice of the Night, a suffocatingly low atmosphere permeated Chin Xian's office. The members of the Night Hoof team stood in front of the desk, heads bowed, barely daring to breathe. Only Ayano stood at the front, and he seemed relatively calm. "Boss, I'm sorry. It's true that our night hoof didn't perform well in this competition. We didn't get any championship points and our performance was just average. We've brought shame to the voice of the night. Gene Xen stared at the computer screen, remaining silent for a long time. It was as if Ayano hadn't heard a word Ayano said. Time ticked by and the Nihof team members felt like they had thorns in their backs. Just when Ayano was starting to lose his composure, Chin Xen finally spoke, raising her cold eyes. Since you all know that you didn't perform well in this competition, I won't say more about that. There's less than a month until the next provincial qualifiers. So, train hard, especially on some special maneuvers. As you've seen, special techniques like cornering along the wall, which can create a significant advantage in tunnels, are very useful. The Night Hoof team members found it hard to believe what Gene Xan said. That's it. What happened to his promised furious outburst? What happened to the promised criticism? However, they also want to learn special techniques, but it is time-conuming, laborious, and not easy to achieve results. However, given the situation, the night hoof team members wisely refrain from making any demands of Gene Xen. Chin Xen's word is law. If they're told to practice, they'll practice. Whether it's effective or not is another matter. All right, you can all leave now. Chin Xen waved his hand expressionlessly. You're all exhausted after the competition. You should relax. Don't just stand around here. Ayano, you stay for a bit. I have something to talk to you about alone. The Night Hoof team members looked at each other, somewhat uncertain and incredulous as they walked outside. Luon glanced at the captain with concern, but then put his mind at ease, thinking that PresidentQ didn't seem particularly angry. He figured that PresidentQ probably wanted to talk to the captain about Night Hoof's future development and training plans. Anyway, let's just go outside and wait. Once all the Night Hoof team members had gone outside, Chin Xen's previously calm expression turned even colder and his gaze on Ayano suddenly became stern. You've disappointed me. Chin Xen didn't give Ayano a chance to speak, and Ayano probably didn't dare to say anything either. You could have won the championship in this competition, but due to your negligence and operational errors, the night hoof team will face greater risks in the upcoming provincial competition. Why did you choose to work with Linui on operations? Why didn't you go all out? You are fully responsible for Night Hoof's failure this time. Ayano moved his lips, recalling Chin Xen's advice before the match, not to go all out, but to try to hide his strength. Why have you changed your mind now? But in the end, he didn't say anything. He's a subordinate and his boss is clearly taking his anger out on him. So, keeping quiet and listening is the best option. What do you want to say about this competition? Shin Exen's temper subsided a bit when he saw Ayano obediently accepting the scolding. Boss, I have nothing to say. It's all my fault. Ayano honestly admitted. Since you know there's a problem, you should find a way to fix it. Shin Xen looked Aano up and down, then took out a document from the drawer and handed it to him. The voice of the night group will not give up on valuable drivers. Don't be afraid of losing the race. As long as you're not a hopeless case, the group will provide you with all kinds of resources. Ayano took the document and paused for a moment. This is a modification plan document for Night Hoof. The document points out that Nihoof as an explosive type Mecca Girl is too specialized in explosiveness and speed resulting in weak cornering and stability performance. This makes Nihoof unable to adapt to mountain tracks with many corners and complex road conditions. And the next provincial qualifier is also a mountain track. To allow Nihoof to perform better, the document states that Nighthof Stamina and current modification core will be replaced. They also gave Nighthof special training to enhance its cornering performance. Ayano was dumbfounded after seeing it because he didn't think Nighthof's cornering performance needed such drastic changes. As a pilot, you should use your skills to make up for the shortcomings of the Mecca girl and make the most of her strengths. But such drastic changes to the Mecca girl's performance don't seem like a long-term solution, do they? However, before he could speak, Chin Xen then took out a second document and a uniquely shaped modification core that emitted a pale blue glow. Normal modification cores are cube- shaped, but this one was a broken circle, giving him the feeling that it might fall apart at any moment. This document is about research on your talent. The specialists found that what stimulates your reaction is not alcohol, but the endorphins produced by the pituitary gland under the stimulation of alcohol after drinking. These endorphins greatly enhance your reaction speed. Because alcohol is extremely harmful to the body and can affect the nervous system, causing you to enter an uncontrollable state during the competition, the commissioners have decided after discussion to prohibit you from drinking any beverage containing alcohol during the competition. Huh? Aeno was a little stunned. It turns out that what boosted his response wasn't alcohol, but endorphins. If he can't drink alcohol, what will he drink to continue stimulating the pituitary gland to produce endorphins? So, he asked tentatively, "Therefore, we have decided to give you a new drink to stimulate endorphins, which must be safe, stable, and highly effective." Under Ayanos bewildered gaze, Chin Xen took a glass jar from the drawer, placed it on the table, and pushed it towards Ayano. Ayano stared at the glass jar, his expression gradually becoming somewhat strange, and the corners of his mouth twitched. The jar was filled with a bright red liquid that emitted a pungent fishy smell. There was a label on the jar. It says on it, "South African ghost pepper extract chili oil." Chapter 166. My butt is starting to hurt. President Gene, this this is chili oil. Ayano's expression gradually became absurd. You know perfectly well why you're asking this. Chin Xen nodded. But I don't eat spicy food. You can adapt. You can learn. Chin Xian said calmly. No one is born able to eat spicy food. It's all cultivated little by little. I had someone test it and this level of spiciness is just right at the human limit. It's true that you can't stand it, but it won't kill you. You might drink yourself to death, but eating chili oil won't kill you and it won't affect your mood. It's more stable than alcohol. Ayano's lips twitched. He understands the principles. But who would want to eat chili oil while driving? He used to be called the god of wine by his fans. What a cool title. After that, he changed careers and started drinking chili oil. What do his fans call him? Is he the god of numbness or the god of spicy food or is it the jet pro? President Chin, is there nothing else that can stimulate endorphins? Ayano asked looking troubled. Chin xen shook his head. There are also drugs. Do you want to use them or do you want to use the muscle ripper while piloting the mecha girl? Ayano, these two sounds even worse than chili oil. President Chin, I'll give it a try. Ayano really didn't want to accept the chili oil, but she couldn't refuse. Chin Xen, as the boss who gave him the agreement, didn't send him to his death. It was just a normal request to drink chili oil, no matter where it was placed. He unscrewed the jar of chili oil, and a pungent fishy smell immediately hit him, making his eyes sting. Before even taking the first bite, Ayano could already clearly feel the terrifying lethality of the chili oil. This thing, is it really safe to drink directly from a bottle? However, it also has a brand name and ingredient list and all kinds of production indicators, which means that this thing is indeed a product. Someone bought it. Who on earth is eating something so spicy? Thousands of miles away, Lin Weii and Chickixen came out of a hot pot restaurant. I strolled home and bought a bottle of South African ghost pepper extract chili oil at the supermarket. Akahoshi master, this is it. It tastes amazing. Lini Weii sighed and smiled Riley, rubbing her forehead. Keep it for yourself. I don't want to grow a tumor on my butt in two days. Akahoshi urged. Give it a try. Give it a try. It really tastes amazing. Seeing the admiring look on Xiings face, Lin Wei Weii finally hesitated. "Then I'll try making watermelon salad with it tomorrow morning, Ayano forced himself to endure the fear and scooped out a spoonful of chili oil." First, I licked it with the tip of my tongue. "H, it's all right. It seems acceptable." Then he put half a spoonful in his mouth. Boom! Dash! Ayano's mind went blank. He felt as if something had exploded.I'm simultaneously in his brain and mouth. The next second, "Aya!" The nigh hoof captain's face turned red. He grimaced and let out a painful howl. "Spicy! So spicy! Give me water!" Ayana looked around while Chin Xen silently put his water cup into the drawer. As Ayano rushed to the water dispenser, she snapped her fingers. Two bodyguards in black suits immediately entered and grabbed Ayano. Mr. Chin, help. Give me water, please. Ayano was already crying from the spiciness. He felt like he had a red hot iron in his mouth. The tongue, completely melted by the branding iron, seemed to be flowing down the throat, eventually burning through the stomach as well. The burning sensation caused his stomach to spasm, a sharp pain shooting through him. However, Gene Xen simply watched all of this indifferently, ignoring Ayano's suffering. Ayano, everything is difficult at the beginning. If you can't even persevere to the first step, how will you adapt in the future? With less than a month until the next provincial qualifiers, there's no time for you to slowly gel. We have to resort to extreme measures. Holding on to two burly men, Ayano tried her best, but couldn't break free. I could only endure the spiciness gradually subsiding from my mouth. My tongue, which had been numb from the spiciness, finally regained feeling, but the burning sensation in my stomach still hadn't subsided. Wait until the numbing and spicy sensation completely disappears. Ayano was covered in sweat and clung to the arms of the two bodyguards as if she were exhausted. How are you feeling? Gene Xian's seemingly concerned words were devoid of any warmth. Ayano took a breath and said intermittently. I feel really uncomfortable. I can't breathe because of the spiciness. That was true at first, but your nerve reflexes have indeed become stronger, haven't they? Chin Xen squinted at Ayano's slightly gleaming eyes. She had known all along that Ayano had the potential to awaken stellar energy. This time Ayano's drink was replaced with chili oil. Not only because chili oil is more controllable and safe, but also to stimulate Ayano's awakening to a greater extent. Currently, the effect of star energy on Ayano is only reflected in amplifying neuro reflexes, and it has not yet fully awakened into a star power skill, which requires a certain amount of time and practice to accumulate. Ayano carefully felt it. really. Just before the spiciness dissipated, my nerve reflexes were indeed noticeably enhanced. His criteria for judging this were whether the surrounding things seemed to slow down to him, whether his gaze could keep up with the movement of dust particles in the air, and whether he could quickly switch from tracking one dust particle to another. That sip of chili oil was probably equivalent to the nerve reflex he had when he drank rectified rum. Unlike the prolonged stimulating effects of alcohol, the effect of chili oil on nerve reflexes gradually decreases as the spiciness diminishes. It's hard to say which of the two is better. After all, the body can't handle too much alcohol. But this chili oil is only a tiny sip. It seems all right. Yes, Mr. Chen. Ayano nodded. Honestly, I originally thought it was just a joke, but I didn't expect that eating chili oil could also enhance my nerve reflexes, which is quite amazing. However, this chili oil only corresponds to my level three nerve reflexes, right? Ayano hesitated as if she wanted to say something, but then stopped. He can't stand the spiciness at this point. Does that mean that to reach level six, you need to increase the spiciness level by three? Wouldn't he die from the spiciness? Ayano stared at the jar of chili oil, his face gradually turning pale. Chin Xen seemed to see what Ayano was thinking and said calmly. The specialist from the voice of the night will research something spicier for you. Take this jar of chili oil back with you. Your task for now is to get used to chili oil. As for supplies, we've prepared a truckload of chili oil for you. As for afterare, we've arranged for a specialist in proctology from a top tier hospital to take care of your bottom. You don't need to worry. Gene Xian wasn't worried if he didn't say anything. Gene Xen said that he felt his buttock starting to hurt. Chapter 167. Tremble. He However, Ayano is also a ruthless person. Although he doesn't eat spicy food, he still felt that Chin Xen suggestion was good and that chili oil was indeed better than alcohol. Drinking too much alcohol makes you feel unwell for a few days. But eating chili oil makes you feel unwell for only a short while. At most, my but will feel uncomfortable for a bit. The damage alcohol does to the body is irreversible and cannot be tolerated. But it's true that you can build up tolerance to spicy food and maybe one day the spiciness in this jar won't be a problem for him at all. That's entirely possible. Ayano had already convinced himself psychologically, even though his body was still resisting, especially after hearing that Gene Xen had prepared a whole truckload of super powerful ghost pepper chili oil for him. Oh, right. And this, too. Chin Xen pushed the round modification core towards Ayano. This defeat cannot be entirely blamed on you. Now you know Such Chin has a very special modification core. I know. Bayano nodded. It's the core of a customizable tail wing. He picked up the round modification core and looked at Gene Xion. President Cheen, could this modification core be? That's right. Jean Exion nodded. This was left behind by Master James before he resigned. It's also the core for modifying the retractable tail wing. However, because this technology is not very stable yet, it can only be used five times per game. After the number of uses is used up, this modification core can only fix the tail wing in either the raised or lowered state. Whether it is raised or lowered depends on the state when you last used the retractable tail wing modification core. Ayano held the modified core in his hand, a slight twitch at the corner of his mouth. He wanted to complain again. This is a halffinish product, isn't it? Such a large corporation as Voice of the Night just brought up a half-finish product. Do you think this is a half-finish product? Chin Xen narrowed his eyes and said calmly. Not at all. According to the night modification team's analysis, this kind of liftwing modification core has a changeable nature. So, it is absolutely impossible for it to be in a stable state. Therefore, even the liftwing modification core in Such Chen's hands can only be used a limited number of times. Just like the battery life of a Mecca girl, the modification core needs to be recharged after each competition. The modified cores crafted by Master James are a prime example. They require Omega or to power them. At this point, Gene Xen's eyes dimmed and he suddenly felt a pang of regret. It's truly regrettable that a master like LeBron James has resigned. But it's impossible for her to bring James back. She wouldn't want to lose face like that. Chin Xen never regretted her actions throughout her life. Once she made a choice, she would never change it. She believed her judgment was always right. Perhaps James departure would incite infighting among the night teams modest, leading to even more technological advancements. Isn't this a good thing? Ayena was unaware of the details regarding the core modification of the retractable tail wing by Suchin. But since the professionals on the night team have said so, there shouldn't be any problem. Boss, I will make good use of this modification core and try to get familiar with Night Hoof as soon as possible. I believe you have no problem with that. Chin Xians tightly furrowed brows relaxed slightly and he tapped his fingers on the first document on the table. How have you considered it? I suggest you sign the agreement so that the night team can modify Nighthof into a Mecca girl tailor made for you. Ajano looked at the last line of the agreement which stated that there was a possibility of the Mecca girls modification failing and that if the modification failed, the modification team and the group would provide compensation. The words were somewhat jarring and they made him hesitate. I'd like to think about this some more. Okay. Chin Xen took back the document expressionlessly. His cold and imposing gaze meeting Ayanos. But you need to understand the company won't give you another chance. If you lose again next time or the time after that, you only have two choices. She held up two fingers. Either you get Night Hof to accept the modifications or you leave the Night Hoof team. Ayano's breath hitched and in the end she could only nod silently. Moss, what are you looking at? Meow. You haven't paid any attention to Shing Ming for half an hour. Meow. Suchin sat in front of the computer, browsing the information on it without blinking. Shing Ming very forcefully squeezed her pretty face closer, pressing it against Such Chen's face, vying for the view in front of the computer. She is very unhappy now. Because Such Chin stared at the computer as soon as he came back. He didn't even look at her wearing new clothes. Things have changed. Moss has completely changed. Then we need to change Moss back to normal. Maybe master is watching some short videos he likes. Queen tilted her head slightly and said mischievously. She had just finished showering and was combing her hair in front of the mirror. Her wet black hair slid down her shoulders and fair skin all the way down to her shapely buttocks which were tightly wrapped in a yucata. It was a scene that would make your blood boil at first glance. But Suchin ignored it, his gaze fixed on the computer screen with unwavering determination like an old monk in deep meditation. Hm. Meow. High efficiency molecular catalyst, separation membrane, heat exchanger, precision flow control valve. Shing looked at the dense text on the screen and felt sleepy even though it wasn't bedtime yet. Master, what are all these things? She straddled Such Chen's lap, put her hands on her hips, forced Suchin to face her, puffed out her cheeks angrily, and muttered, "Is this what attracted Masta's attention?" Shing Mings cat ears stood up, completely obscuring Su Chens vision. This time, he had to pay attention to the catgirl sitting in his lap. "Sweetie, stop fooling around." Suchin pinched Shimings soft cheek and said with a smile, "This is the secret weapon I'm preparing for you." "Wow, a secret weapon. Meow." Shing Ming clapped her hands, her eyes immediately lighting up. She changed her position and sat in Such Chen's lap, looking at the computer with him. "Mass? What secret weapon is that?" Although there were many words on the computer screen that she couldn't understand, she knew that Suchin could definitely explain it to her clearly. A faint aroma of lur filled chocolate wafted from behind me, and a warm breath brushed against my ear. Suchin didn't even need to turn his head to know that Queen had also come close. And the distance was so close that if he turned his head, his mouth could be right next to the queen's face. Suchin didn't know if Queen did it on purpose. However, to avoid disputes after Queen regains her memories, he decided to keep his eyes straight ahead. After this competition, Queen's condition has changed from energetic to exhausted. The only way to get back to peak condition is to rest. There are many maintenance services available, but they can only restore the Mecca girls to a good condition. In other words, it means being able to participate in competitions without affecting one's average level. With each maintenance session, the recovery effect of the Mecca girl will become increasingly worse. Therefore, the best solution is to bring in another Mecca girl, giving the Mecca girls that have already been used enough natural rest time. I'm going to bring Shing to the next game. He was saying this to both Queen and Shing Ming. And this this is the secret weapon I prepared for Shing Ming. the nitrogen acceleration modification core. The mouse moved and landed on the file title dual effect boost nitrogen oxygen separation system. To put it simply, this thing is a basic version of a nitrogen injection device. Amidst the bewildered and curious gazes of the two mecha girls, Suchin's lips curled into a wicked smile. Tremble, you muggle modifiers from another world. We'll show you in the next game. What is this called? The art of customization. He chapter 168 secret weapon. Nitrogen injection system first generation version. This is a modification project that Suchin had researched on Earth. On Earth, this technology faces three main challenges. High energy consumption, oxygen-rich environment can easily cause cylinder explosion and high temperature catalyst may cause fire. In order to create a qualified first generation nitrogen injection system modification core, he needs a smart temperature controlled material that can adaptively dissipate heat from the vehicle's infotainment system while also preventing explosions and spontaneous combustion. Once these security issues are resolved, the rest is just optimization. For example, improving the separation efficiency of nitrogen and oxygen and optimizing the oxygen-driven combustion process. The information Suchin was looking at was to determine whether the technology in this world could solve the problem he wanted to solve. The answer is yes. However, some materials are not easy to obtain. At least they cannot be found at Shing Shinhi Lgo or scrap car recycling plants. He could only find a few clues online. If you want to know the specifics, you'll have to consult a professional knower. Master, what's the effect of this secret weapon? Can it make me fly? Meow. Ever since watching Queen's Leap, Shing Ming has developed a strong obsession with taking off. In Such Chen's understanding, the exhilarating feeling of a beautiful leap for a Mecca girl is probably similar to taking down a boss with a flawless combo in Devil May Cry. Therefore, Shing Ming was really looking forward to flying. I don't quite understand these things on the master's computer. Could you explain how this secret weapon works? Queen's soft voice rang in my ears. Suchin tilted his head slightly and saw the seriousness and curiosity on Queen's face. Just like a primary school student listening attentively in class, I couldn't help but chuckle to myself. Even the most cunning Mecca girl has to submit when he pulls out his powerful weapon. Ahem. The principle is very simple. The core mechanism of this modification is to decompose nitrous oxide. Cold nitrogen gas surrounds the engine through the pipeline to cool it down, and oxygen-rich gas enters the fuel chamber. The combination of cooling and oxygen-rich combustion can significantly increase horsepower. Suchin stroked his chin and said calmly, "This is just the direction of modification for the first generation nitrogen system. We need to prepare cans of nitrous oxide in advance. However, further upgrades are possible. For example, directly capturing nitrogen and oxygen from the air, compressing them, and then using the resulting cooling and combustion supporting effects. However, all such modifications must be based on the stable operation of the first generation modifications. As for whether it can fly, Suchin smiled and said, "This thing can definitely let you fly." Queen listened to this with a thoughtful expression, and her gaze towards Suchin became more admiring and amazed. Many of the memories she has pieced together are related to the night team. As a top tier modification team in the China region, they possess many advanced theories and core modification products, but none of them could compare to Such Chen's ingenious ideas. Those modifiers research on modifications was still limited to improving the performance of Mecca Girls. Such Chen's modifications have begun to break the limitations of the track and they are on a completely different level. As for Star Dream, I didn't understand the first half of it, but I understood the last one. It can fly. Master is amazing. She pointed at the computer screen, her hog antenna-like hair sticking up, standing proudly in excitement. I want this modification core. Meow. I'll make it fly around during the race. Okay. Suchin patted Shing Mings head. I'll definitely get one for you. He was already very interested in the hand-crafted nitrogen system, and now that Shing Ming likes it so much, it's a double encouragement for him. I was originally planning to take a break these two days. Since that's the case, we can't slack off. We need to go see Noah first thing tomorrow morning. Suchin, you don't look quite right. The following day in the Northern Wolf T2 activity room, Yuming looked at Suchin with suspicion, noticing his obvious dark circles and listless demeanor. His gaze fell on Such Chen's back. Both Shing Ming and Queen looked to be in good spirits and radiant. It's like it's been nourished. He quickly approached Suchin, his face full of lwdness and envy, and lowered his voice. "Damn, you wouldn't." He stuck out his tongue and slurped. You wouldn't have to eat me, would you, Such Chin? He pushed away Yumings head, which was leaning closer and said speechlessly, "Don't compare me to you." It rained heavily last night. He and Shing were sleeping well, but the cold weather outside made Shings body temperature of 42° C, the perfect pillow. Then, in the middle of the night, Queen suddenly crawled in and said she was scared because of the thunder outside. As a gentleman, should I refuse a young girl seeking refuge at this time? Suchin couldn't bring himself to be so heartless. So, he had Queen share the bed. Then, his suffering began. Unlike Star Dream, Queen doesn't sleep still. She moves her hands and feet around, and whenever there's thunder, she clings to him like an octopus. With this hot stunner right next to him, how could he possibly fall asleep? But I can't wake up, so I can only close my eyes and pretend to be asleep. I pretended to be asleep until this morning. And then it turned into this, looking very weak. What do you mean by comparing me to you? Yuming said indignantly. We're clearly the same kind of people. Don't you covet your two mecha girls? Look at Shing Ming. How cute she is. Look at Queen, so sexy and beautiful. If you don't covet them, are you even a man? A murderous intent suddenly rose from behind. Yumings smile froze abruptly and he changed the subject. However, compared to my partner, there is still a bit of a gap. Sigh. I can't sleep without being with these days. She's absolutely smitten no matter what she wears. There's no way I'll ever contract a second Mecca girl. The murderous intent vanished. Yuming secretly breathed a sigh of relief. Master isn't like that at all. She wouldn't covet me and queen. Meow. Shing Ming clung to Su Chens arm, pouting. Master was just too engrossed in thinking about the secret weapon last night and used up too much of her energy. Meow. Oh, a secret weapon. This immediately caught the attention of not only Yuming and Zhaing, who was standing not far behind him. Even Le Yini, the team leader who was originally busy at her workstation, looked up and glanced in their direction. Huang Shushuin, who was dozing off on the sofa by the door, opened one eye and put his cross legs down. I looked out the window at the cicas chirping through the clouds in the trees. Winter Bear, who was drinking, suddenly stopped in his tracks, his hand gripping the bottle. What secret weapon? Boom dash. The door to the modification room was slammed open with great force. Noah rushed out excitedly. Tell me about it. Chapter 169 topped her materials. H Such Chen. What do you need so many high-tech materials for inside Norah's modification shop? A group of people stood around Such Chen's PowerPoint presentation, dumbfounded. Norah was frightened while the others were confused. Illegal modifications have been banned for a century. Isn't this a bit inappropriate? Noah looked at Suchin with a troubled expression. She understood Such Chen's ambition as a modifier. We're all car modifiers. Who doesn't have the idea of innovating and leading the times? But ideals are lofty while reality is cruel. It is difficult for modifiers to transform mechanical components into the core of their modifications. Take the core of the retractable tail wing modification as an example. Once you understand the principle, it is very simple to manufacture a retractable tail wing. However, creating a core for a retractable tail wing modification is extremely difficult. It's like forcing freshwater fish to live in the territory of saltwater fish even though they are both fish. It seems simple to achieve this since they are all of the same species. But in reality, it is very difficult. Therefore, when he saw that Such Chen's PPT required various high-tech materials, he was very impressed. Norah's reaction was immediate. Is this guy trying to illegally modify it? That's illegal. It's harmful to Mecca girls. Your driver's license will be revoked and you could even be sentenced to prison. She couldn't bear to see such a promising young man like Suchin go astray. Who said I was going to illegally modify it? Suchin rolled his eyes. This is the core of the modification that my master is researching, and he also sent me a copy. He has the channels to get the materials, but I don't. Without the materials, I'm like a skilled cook without rice. Oh, so it was the master craftsman who created the core for the retractable tail wing modification that gave you this research direction. Noah looked at Suchin with envy. Was such a master guiding him? Such Chen's future was limitless, even if he didn't become a race car driver. Shing Ming and Queen exchanged a glance, both able to see a mischievous glint in each other's eyes. What a great master. Yesterday, they witnessed Su Chin collecting information and typing out the entire PPT himself. Where is the master? I haven't even made a phone call. However, since suchin doesn't intend to reveal himself, they as Mecca girls will definitely keep quiet. We modest usually come into contact with these materials because when making advanced modification cores, we need to analyze the data matrix and nodes of these materials otherwise we cannot convert them into basic modules. However, the materials you need are a bit too obscure, Noah said as she rummaged through the drawer. Finally, take out a document from it. Look, the frost crystal catalytic matrix is a type of artificial crystal. No pushed the document to Suchin. It has a silver blue surface and a micro honeycomb structure. It is both a catalyst and has the characteristics of a molecular civ. Suchin quickly glanced at the document and his eyes lit up. This crystal is based on biomimetic design mimicking the molecular structure of antifreeze proteins in the blood of Arctic fish. It maintains stable molecular civ properties even at 300° C achieving a separation efficiency of up to 95%. Moreover, the higher the temperature, the stronger the catalytic activity, completely breaking through the temperature limitations of traditional catalysts. It is not only an excellent catalyst, but can also be used as a nitrogen and oxygen separation membrane. This is simply the perfect material for a separation system. It can only be said that the technology in this world is quite remarkable. I can get this material for you. Noah reassured Suchin. Just as Such Chin was beaming with joy, she suddenly changed the subject. But I can't do the other two. I don't have the necessary permissions. Norah pointed to Such Chen's PPT. You need alloy tubes that can withstand the pressure of a TNT explosion. There is a pulse memory alloy that can do that. You also need a heat dissipation metal material that is far more efficient than liquid nitrogen. There is also one that we call siphon heat dissipation scales. These two materials are high-grade materials that only Srank modifiers can obtain. It's not that they're particularly rare, but they're mainly used by us modifiers during research, so the production volume is extremely small, and they're only supplied to Srank and above modifiers. Norah shrugged. So, I'm afraid I can't help you with these two materials. Suchin wasn't particularly disappointed upon hearing this. He already knew these materials would be difficult to obtain when he was researching them. Even if it's difficult, he'll find a way to get his hands on it. Do you know any S-class cartooners? Could you introduce me? Such Chin was confident he could obtain these two materials from an S-class modifier. All he needed to do was offer a little knowledge. To put it bluntly, even a small part of the manufacturing plan for the core of the light lift tail wing modification, including the data of those matrices and nodes, could be leaked out. Those S-class modifiers can benefit greatly from this. You want me to introduce you to an S-class modifier? Noah pushed up her glasses, looking at Suchin with a strange expression. After a long while, she slowly said, "There is one, and you should know him." "I know him." Suchin was taken aback. "That's right, James. Don't you know him?" Suchin fell silent. They really did know each other. However, his complexion didn't look too good either. He didn't want to hire this S-class modifier from the voice of the night. "I don't want to have anything to do with him." Noah could tell what Such Chun was thinking just by looking at his expression. She had already heard about the discord between Suchun and the Voice of the Night from Leini. "Don't look so gloomy," she said with a smile. "James has left the night team at Voice of the Night and is now a freelance modder, not working for any corporation. He's back to running his mod shop. He resigned." Suchin raised an eyebrow. Why wasn't the pay at voice of the night pretty good? Sighed dash. Norah sighed and said with a sigh. I'm getting old. I can't take it anymore. Big companies don't have much human touch. If a driver doesn't get good results, it's not just the driver who gets scolded, but also the tuner behind the driver. James had been under too much pressure from Chin Xen for too long, and his mental state couldn't hold up. Add to that the fact that he hadn't yet completed the core for the retractable tail wing modification and the combined pressure from work and his mental state naturally broke him. I see Such Chen's eyes darkened slightly. The current trend in the modification of Mecca girls is to adopt a jack-of alltrades approach regardless of their talents and characteristics. Of course, this doesn't mean James is innocent. His mistake lies in his rigid thinking and blind obedience to the truth. If James were still in the night voice, he definitely wouldn't have contacted James. But if James has already left Night Voice, Suchin felt that James was an opportunity. Compared to other self-righteous so-called modification gurus, James is at least somewhat receptive to advice. When poor, one should cultivate one's own virtue. When one achieves success, one should help others. The more beautiful the star dream and queen are by his side, the better, the stronger Such Chen's desire became. What he wanted was not simply a comfortable life with modest wealth. Rather, it's about changing the world. So why didn't he use the emperor to command the feudal lords before he had fully consolidated his power? Could we use LeBron James as a fulcrum to propel this era's car modification trend? Chapter 170. Clash of ideas. The wind blows through the windowsill and the wind chimes swayed to the accompaniment of classical music. The aroma of premium grain-fed beef fills the air. James raised his glass facing the city outside the shop in the early morning and held up a glass of refreshing Hush Yang Jingchi liquid to freedom. Slurp. He drank it all in one gulp. Ha dash. The aftertaste is unforgettable. This is the taste. This is the feel. Paired with top quality grain-fed beef steak. A bite of beef followed by a sip of Hyang Jingchi liquid, a traditional Chinese medicine. It's pure bliss. Before working for the voice of the night, James felt that life was too boring and lack challenge. They spend their days being fed over and showered with money without any goals or life plans. After joining the voice of the night, he went from being the boss and a highly sought-after S-class modder to the ultimate bulldog. Every month, we have to meet the modification targets for voice of the night. How many mecha girls to modify and how many modification cores to manufacture? Well, I have a goal now and it's not so boring anymore, but it's [ __ ] jail. Jean Xen in particular likes to put pressure on people. He's so old and there's absolutely no respect for an elderly person like him. Sure enough, older people should just quit their jobs and retire. Why bother getting involved with those young people? James leaned back in his executive chair and sighed contentedly. Now, this is what life can truly be called life. If joining the voice of the night brought him any benefits, it was more money, the power to manage a team, and a clearer understanding of what he truly wanted. Money and power were no longer what he desired. Now all he wanted was peace and quiet. Ding-dong, ding-dong, old LeBron. A loud, clear shout, accompanied by the sound of the doorbell, was roughly shoved into James's ears. James' forehead veins throbbed, and his previously serene face instantly turned as black as the bottom of a pot. He could recognize that voice, even if he were ashes, it was Noah's. When he was a professor at a college, Noah was his student. A student he both loved and hated. What I love is that Noah is truly talented. At such a young age, he is already an A-level modifier, having accomplished what many modifiers take 70 or 80 years to achieve. The point of contention is that no thinking is too unconventional. always doubting theories that are already recognized as truths, to put it bluntly, constantly going against them and not listening. If you tell her to go east, she'll always find another reason to go west. Moreover, Noro was restless after graduation and would often seek his advice. The point is, asking for help is fine. Who doesn't like a studious student? The main problem was that Noah was both asking questions and questioning his teaching methods. Isn't this just messing with people's mentality? He has said countless times that if you have doubts about his teaching, you shouldn't come to him for advice. But Noah didn't take his words seriously at all. James rubbed his temples and walked toward the door with a gloomy face. He was already thinking about how to get rid of Noral. Having just emerged from the voice of the night, he needed a peaceful life, not to fall from one abyss into another. At the same time, he was also considering whether to move as Noah already knew the address of the shop. He has to go somewhere Noah can't find him. However, James froze when he reached the door. I thought only Noah would come alone, but I never expected that he would be accompanied by an unexpected person, Suchin. James knew that Suchin didn't have a good impression of him. So, why did they come with Norah at this moment? 5 minutes later in the reception room, the butler served Suchin a grain-fed steak and a glass of red wine. You've come all this way for lunch and haven't had lunch yet, have you? James sat opposite Suchin and Noah, calmly wiping his hands with a white silk handkerchief. The steaks here are all top-notch. Why don't you try some? We can talk about anything over lunch. Old James, what about mine? Noah looked at the steak in front of Suchin, then looked up at old James, his face full of resentment. What does that mean? So, you're discriminating against me? James picked up his coffee and took a sip, ignoring Norl's angry glare. They were more interested in Shing and Queen standing behind Suchin, especially Queen. He still can't understand how Queen, which was determined to be unable to start, was restarted. Perhaps we can find the answer from Suchin today. Under Noah's expectant gaze, Suchin gave the steak to Shing behind him and the red wine to Queen beside Shing Ming. Then his gaze fell on James. The veteran Ma looks better now that he's left the voice of the night. Could it be due to the clothing? Wearing the modified uniforms of the night team always gives people a repressed and rigid feeling at this moment. dressed in a white shirt and beige sweater jacket. He really looked like a pampered old man. Mr. Such Chin, what brings you here? James pursed his lips. If it's about Queen, I'm sorry, but I've already left the night team of voice of the night. Besides, I wasn't the one who devised the final modification plan for Queen and ordered its execution. It was the deputy chief. Can I interpret your words as sherking responsibility? Suchin's gaze turned slightly cold. You can think that way. James nodded frankly, his expression even showing utmost sincerity. I'm just following and acknowledging the major trend of modification. The modification core and modification plan I made for night voice would be rated as excellent no matter where it is placed. You may have different ideas about modifications than I do, but you cannot impose your ideas on me. I will only accept new ideas if you make me deeply realize that I am wrong. After watching Queen's performance in the provincial qualifiers, you still haven't changed your mind. Suchin frowned. Such Chen's question caused a moment of silence. After a long while, the agent voice rang out again. I think you're right. Truth should be questioned. James leaned forward slightly, looking directly into Such Chen's eyes. But I need more evidence to prove the fallacy of the truth. Otherwise, what makes you think that your individual case can completely refute a century's worth of general academic views held by Modis? Suchin basically understood what James meant. The Queen's successful reboot did indeed bring a shock to the veteran M and made him question the so-called truth. But this still cannot completely overturn James's thinking. Just like a frog in a deep well whose understanding of the sky is limited to the circular opening of the well. Before the frog was brought out of the well, it would never know that the outside world had mountains, rivers, flowers, and grass. From an outsers's perspective, it's acceptable to laugh at a frog in a well for being ignorant of its own limitations. But if the roles were reversed, who could guarantee that there wouldn't be another frog in a well? Suchin did not forgive James for the harm he caused to the Mecca girls as an S-class modifier. But it must be admitted that he is now the wrong heretic to the modest of this world. They are enemies in academic theory. Even Noah didn't completely break free from the mainstream modifiers mindset. If James' plan were presented to Noah, she wouldn't find anything wrong with it either. It's precisely because they can't forgive James. That's why he wanted to completely destroy the truth in James's heart. He wanted to make James understand what real modification was. He will spend the rest of his life atoning for his mistakes. Chapter 171. Overturning common sense. You know Star God, right? James had his bring a chessboard and invited Suchin to play a game with him. Suchin glanced at James with interest and did not refuse. Of course I know. You're not going to tell me that the trend of car modification is related to the star god, are you? That really does have a connection. James moved the soldier forward a step, then took the data from the butler and handed it to Suchin. This is the data for the three star god Mecca girls. You can take a look. Suchin pushed the soldier piece forward a step and took the document. The information only includes the model numbers and specifications of the three Mecca girls. These appear to be the three Mecca girls accompanying the star god. All attributes of the XC99 have reached 1,000. All attributes of DL01 are also 1,000. All of ZD37's attributes remain at 1,000. No, even though the Mecha Girl's performance is below 100, it already puts a lot of pressure on him to pilot them. What the heck is this thousand? A spaceship? Don't be surprised by this 1,000 performance. James pushed his horse forward and said calmly. After all, those are star gods Mecca girls. And back then, Mecca girls were used on the battlefield as the core of Mecca activation. So, their performance was so out of control. What I really want you to focus on is that all of Star God's Mecca girls have full attributes. That's why we modifiers have always regarded the comprehensive development of attributes as the core truth. Mecca girls with a hexagonal performance development do have an advantage on the track compared to Mecca girls with a one-sided development because the types of tracks in a race are diverse and well-rounded Mecca girls can significantly reduce the training costs for pilots. James paused. Then his gaze towards Suchin suddenly sharpened. Most importantly, the characteristic of the modification core is that increasing a certain performance will inevitably reduce another performance. This means that if you focus on developing a certain performance of the Mecca girl, other performances will become weaker and weaker. The impact of one or two modifications to the core may not be significant. However, for S-class and above Mecca girls whose cores have been modified multiple times, certain performance characteristics become major flaws. For example, if a Mecca girl has exceptionally strong acceleration and burst performance but poor cornering performance, there is a great risk in piloting her. Do you really think this kind of Mecca girl is suitable for the competition? James' question was very pointed. As China's top custom car mechanic, Suchin certainly wouldn't say that such a Mecca girl was suitable for the battlefield. Otherwise, wouldn't it be better to just install rocket boosters on all real world racing cars? Then the race car crashed into the guardrail and the driver and the car exploded together. James' statement was a generalization and an overly extreme case. A true tuner will adjust the car's attributes based on the driver's skill level while preserving its inherent characteristics. The goal is to create unique products for each individual rather than mass-producing standardized products with identical packaging and ingredients like an assembly line. There's no point in arguing with James about this at this point. They will only fall into the trap of self-justification. So, he stopped playing chess. He simply flipped the chessboard over. Suchin stared at James in silence, then reached out and removed James's king and queen. With James looking completely bewildered, he placed a white modified core in the positions of the king and queen. Mr. Suchun, what do you mean by this? What do you mean? Suchin chuckled, crossing his legs. Would you like to pick it up and take a look? James frowned as he picked up the modified core and subconsciously injected star energy to begin analyzing it, but his expression immediately changed. How is this possible? James was dumbfounded. This white modification core is not a rare modification core like a retractable tail wing. What makes it special is its properties. This is actually a white modification core that only increases the speed attribute by three points with no negative effects whatsoever. A whole century. The problem that countless modders had racked their brains to solve and which was even considered unsolvable was suddenly solved. This day came too suddenly. There were no expectations. Just like in a world where there were no mobile phones, the most advanced smartphones suddenly appeared before our eyes without any intermediate research and development process. James instinctively pinched his thigh to make sure he wasn't dreaming. "It hurts a lot. It's not a dream." "Mr. Suchun, how did you do that?" he asked in a trembling voice. "Sure." Suchin raised a finger and took out another modification core, which was also of white quality, and placed it on the table. James reached out shakily, and after exploring the information on the modified core, he was dumbfounded once again. This modification core defies common sense. It neither increases nor decreases any attributes. Its only function is to manually raise and lower the tail wing. This this modifying the core can actually be done like this. No way. James stood there stunned, stammering as he spoke. Only Noah looked completely bewildered. Uh, it's just two white modification cores, isn't it? She looked at James with a suspicious expression. James, have you been drinking? You're shocked by two white modified cores. Don't say anything. James glared at Norl. He held the two modified cores somewhat helplessly, getting up and sitting down repeatedly as if he had a thumbtack stuck to the sofa. After a long pause, he looked at Suchin again, his eyes now filled with more caution and awe. Mr. Suchin, may I have a word with you in private? Suchin nodded. We can talk anywhere. Just lead the way. Huh? No. Lebron, what did you see? Suchin, say something. Norah stood with her hands on her hips, glaring at Such Chin and the thieving Lebron. You two are trying to fool me, aren't you? However, James didn't want to talk. He simply led Suchin to the quiet room next door, closed the door, and pretended not to see the girl Noah jumping around outside. This room is made of special materials, and its soundproofing is excellent. Even if someone is pressed against the door, they can't hear anything inside. James wiped the cold sweat from his forehead and let out a long breath. Mr. Suchin, let's be frank. Can I study these two modification cores? Whatever you want. If I have it, I can provide it. Even if I don't have it, I can find a way to provide it. Actually, I've already made the core of the retractable rear wing modification, but I always feel that some parts are not perfect enough. However, I roughly know it's a shortcoming in terms of lifespan. I presume the retractable tail wing modification core you brought out can be used multiple times in races. Suchin tilted his head and gave a strange smile. What are you talking about? Number of uses. There's no such thing. The retractable tail wing modification core has no usage limit. You can use it however you want during the race. If such a simple modification needs to have its usage limited, then I can only say what's the difference between it and not modifying it at all. I suggest just disposing of it as scrap. Simple modifications. Should it be scrapped? James blushed. He subconsciously opened his mouth as if to say something, wanting to propose the theoretical basis that the core of the retractable tail wing modification could not possibly be without a limit on the number of uses. But the words were on the tip of his tongue and he swallowed them back. Theoretical basis. Come on. The modification cores that had only a single attribute and those with no attributes and only a single function are right in front of you. What right does he have to talk about those [ __ ] theoretical bases? To hell with those theories and truths. Chapter 172. Personal qualities. The two modified cores left James speechless. Suchin knew that the matter was already halfway done. The fact that I can produce these two modification cores means that I have mastered the data matrix and nodes of the basic modules of these two modification cores. James nodded, and a hint of obedience could be seen on his otherwise gentlemanly face. I understand what you mean. This is the culmination of your and your master's knowledge and it's definitely not something you can just give to me casually. I'm prepared to pay any price. With a devout expression, he said, "I have been pursuing more advanced modification technology, but the development of modification technology is very slow. Many technologies have become stereotypes and I can't find an opportunity to break these stereotypes. But now you have given me a glimmer of hope." Suchin felt he was quite good at judging people. After all, as the chief modifier in his previous life, he had come into contact with all sorts of people. James' enthusiasm and devotion to modification technology were genuine. Before encountering new knowledge, he might be a stubborn defender of the old ways. But after encountering new knowledge, he is at least a positive changer, at least willing to step out of his comfort zone rather than remain stagnant and perish with outdated ideas. This is a good sign. This also convinced Suchin that James was a very good choice. Both his attitude and his status as an S-class tuning master are satisfactory. You need to provide me with two materials and sign a legally binding confidentiality agreement with me. Suchin held up two fingers. The first material is called memory pulse alloy and the second material is called siphon heat dissipation scales. By the way, do you have them here? James paused for a moment, then nodded subconsciously. Yes. His heart sank when he heard what materials Suchin wanted. Could it be that these two materials are needed to create either a pure attribute boost or a purely functional modification core? That would be a disaster. The production of both materials is very low because there is a chance of failure when creating a modification core. Modifiers need to prepare multiple copies of the same basic module before creating a modification core. Let's take the core of carbon fiber frame modification as an example. It takes about 150 kg of carbon fiber to manufacture a top-of-the-line sports car. However, if a modification core that can be used on Mecca girls is to be made, the actual amount of carbon fiber material consumed could reach thousands of kilg. Carbon fiber is just a common material for S-class modifiers like them. Nowadays, almost every modification related to lightweing requires the use of carbon fiber. But the memory pulse alloy and siphon heat dissipation scales that Suchin mentioned are different. These two are high-end materials with production volumes far lower than carbon fiber. If this high-grade material can only be used to manufacture white modification cores, then the cost effectiveness is too low and simply unacceptable. Creating a modification core that can influence the world and popularize racing requires not only more advanced modification solutions, but also a guarantee of cost effectiveness. Otherwise, how many drivers could afford it? If a modification core is unaffordable for most drivers and doesn't offer a significant improvement for those who can afford it, then producing this modified core wouldn't be of much use. So, he tentatively asked, "Mr. Suchin, these materials aren't just these two, are they? How could that be? Suchin rolled his eyes and shrugged. These two materials are related to the research on the new modification core. I can't tell you the specifics of the research until we sign a confidentiality agreement. Suchin actually has a new core modification research project here. James no longer cared whether it was Such Chen's own research or the research of his so-called master. He was now itching to know how the core for modifying a tail wing that only increased positive attributes had no usage limit and was made, what data matrices and nodes it used, and what he had overlooked when he was researching it before. Mr. Suchin, neither the automotive maintenance association nor any legal institution can help you sign a legally binding confidentiality agreement with me, James said frankly. because the social status of an S-class modifier allows him to ignore some legal sanctions. He didn't shy away from telling such in these things because if it really involved signing an agreement at a judicial institution, anyone with a modicum of sense would have known the truth. At that point, he might no longer have the opportunity to collaborate with Suchin and he would also lose the chance to research new technologies. Sincerity is the most important thing in the exchange of benefits. Even the judicial system can't provide sufficient protection. Suchin frowned slightly. Then that's a bit troublesome. James enjoys a high social status as an S-class modifier. It would cause a lot of trouble if James stole his intellectual property. It doesn't matter if the core knowledge of the retractable tail wing modification is stolen because he still has more cards to play. But it's still an unpleasant thing. It's not difficult. James's voice interrupted Suchin's thoughts. Suchin raised his eyes, his gaze widening slightly. In front of James was an upside down star map. Nebula swirled within the star map. He reached into the nebula and pulled out something that resembled a scroll. The scroll floated in midair, seemingly composed entirely of pale blue light particles with a blank surface. The star map slowly closed. James wiped the sweat from his brow and said to Suchin, "To ensure the validity of their contracts, modifiers sign a special contract called the Star Radiance Agreement. This agreement is protected and arbitrated by the star god, and neither party may violate it. Violation will result in punishment from the star god, and in the most serious case, it may lead to death." Suchen's lips twitch slightly. If James hadn't explained it, he would have thought he traveled to some magical continent. But the star god must be quite idle. How can he act as an arbitrator while drifting in the endless deep space? Haggi, you're incredibly dedicated. Mr. Suchin, you can now state your requirements. The contract will be automatically recorded. Suchin paused for a moment, looking at the contract formed by Starlight with curiosity in his eyes. and the contract following his gaze turned to face him directly as if it knew he was one of the parties to the contract. Suchin a pat the commando the contract flickered. Then the starlight font appeared above bay as speaking in human language. James Suchin. He angrily pointed at the contract and asked James, "Wait, what? This thing is swearing at people." Ahem. James looked away slightly, somewhat embarrassed, and said, "This contract has a certain level of intelligence. Whoever summons the contract, the contract's intelligence is related to that person. You can think of it as a kind of intelligent AI. In what ways are they related?" Suchin narrowed his eyes slightly. He just wanted to test it out. After all, I'd never seen anything like it before. What if there was a trap? As a result, I got scolded. The air fell silent for a moment. James scratched his head, his face slightly flushed, and stammered. It's It has something to do with the summoner's personal qualities. Chapter 173. Seize the opportunity. It turns out that people can actually laugh when they're speechless. For example, right now, the fact that the star contract has AI is outrageous enough, but what's even more outrageous is that it's linked to the personal qualities of the person who issues the contract. Who would have thought that James, with his thick eyebrows and big eyes, has such questionable personal qualities. The test went smoothly, and Such Chin explained his conditions. James also expressed his demands. Once the contract was signed, it vanished, turning into countless stardust fragments. The content is very simple. James must keep all the technology he obtained from Suchin a secret and must not disclose that this technology is related to Such Chin. Furthermore, he must not sell the technology to any other person without Suchin's permission. He could consult Suchin once a week. As for Suchin, he naturally obtained a pulse memory alloy and siphon heat dissipation scales as he wished. James would take out his weekly share of these two high-grade materials and hand them over to Suchin as resources. Therefore, the relationship between James and Suchin is now very similar to that of an apprentice and a master. And Suchin is that master. James was an apprentice and the resources he contributed were his tuition fees. After the contract was established, both James and Suchin felt bound by it. It's a kind of mental pressure. You can't feel it if you don't think about it. But this mental pressure will reappear once you do something that violates the contract. Perhaps this is the gaze of the star god. With this kind of deterrence, I believe no one would dare to break the contract at will. A short while later, James took two silver white metal boxes out of the warehouse. The box wasn't big, about the size of a shoe box. Master Such Chin, these two are the materials you need. James opened the box. On the left was a dark gold alloy material, thin as paper, stacked like layers of tin foil. If Suchin didn't look closely, he would have thought the box on the right contained a box of fish scales. These are undoubtedly siphoned cooling scales, and they are indeed designed to mimic fish scales. Each scale is only the size of a fingernail and reflects an iridescent sheen under the light. Old James, what are the characteristics of these materials? Noral didn't explain them to me in detail. Can you tell me? Also, given your status, can you apply for more materials? Suchun looked at the box full of siphon cooling scales. It looked like a lot, but it was far from enough to power an engine. This is a memory pulse alloy which contains memory factors that can automatically adjust rigidity according to internal pressure and temperature. If it is used to make pipes, it can contract and reduce drag when the pipe is under high pressure and expand and increase flow when the pressure is low, just like well just like our blood vessels. James picked up a pulse-shaped memory alloy sheet and demonstrated it to Suchin. Despite its paper thin appearance, the alloy is incredibly tough and hard. Even a cutting machine can only leave a very shallow mark on it. And this mark disappeared on its own in less than three breaths. This indicates that the metal atoms scattered by the cutting machine returned to the wound under special traction force, achieving a self-reovery process. Such Chen's eyes lit up. This is the perfect material for making nitrogen oxygen splitters. Using it to make fuel chambers can also greatly reduce the risk of explosion. After introducing the pulse memory alloy, James picked up a siphon heat dissipation scale with tweezers. He immediately placed the siphon cooling fins on a blowtorrch and heated them for about 10 minutes until the siphon cooling fins turned into a liquid. However, this liquid state is not a molten metal liquid because it didn't drip from the tweezers, but rather it was as if there was a film on the outside with only the metal inside the film melting. This is the special effect of the siphon heat dissipation scales. James placed the liqufied siphon heat dissipation scales in the crucible and explained, "It is filled with a special phase change material. When it absorbs heat, it changes from solid to liquid. When it dissipates heat, it will resolidify. The heat dissipation efficiency of a single piece is 10 times higher than that of ordinary aluminum sheets. Because it can absorb extremely high heat and has a very high heat dissipation efficiency, it is currently a relatively advanced heat dissipation material. In the 10 or so seconds that James was speaking, Suchin saw that the siphon cooling scales in the crucible had begun to solidify. The steel sheet beneath the crucible had been heated red hot by the heat radiated by the siphon cooling fins, indicating that the siphon cooling fins have excellent thermal conductivity. If there was water in the crucible, that would be understandable, but there was nothing in the crucible. The siphon cooling fins, which only liquefy after being heated by a blowtorrch for over 10 minutes, can begin to solidify in a very short time. This proves that this material has high thermal conductivity as well as extremely high heat of combining the characteristics of rapid heat conduction and short-term heat storage. This siphon heat dissipation scale is undoubtedly an extremely powerful heat dissipation material. The combustion chamber is made of pulse-shaped memory alloy and then siphon cooling fins are attached to the surface of the engine block as a scale-like cooling layer. With this two-pronged approach, an engine capable of withstanding a nitrous oxide acceleration system seems within reach. The only problem now is whether we have enough materials. I'm sorry about the material application. James shook his head, looking troubled. There are quotas for the materials we apply for with the modifiers association. What level of materials each modifier can apply for and how much is already determined. These two boxes contain the materials from this week and some of the materials that weren't used last week. That's all we have. Suchin was somewhat disappointed upon hearing this. He was planning to install a nitrogen system on Shing Ming before the next provincial budget competition, but now it seems he's running out of materials. We can't just give Shing Ming a half-finish product. He can't do it. James noticed the disappointment on Such Chen's face and changed the subject. However, I know other S-class modifiers, so I can snatch them from them. Rob Suchin was stunned. Yes. James twitched his beard and gave a sly smile. But before that, I need to inform you. Could you please introduce the core of that retractable tail wing modification to other people in my name? It's not about revealing core technologies. It's just, how should I put it? Just showing off a little. James seemed a little embarrassed again. After all, he's so old, yet he still wants to show off to his peers. And he's making this request in front of a young guy like Suchin. It's a bit embarrassing. Suchin pondered this for a moment after hearing it. Isn't it better to use James' name? His original goal was to cultivate James into a shield to stand in the spotlight. He on the other hand remained out of the public eye working behind the scenes as the mastermind. This way he would not only be safe but it would also not affect his plans. Even if we take a step back and assume that the core technology is not exposed then other modifiers can only look on with envy. It can also force these modifiers to step out of their comfort zones and innovate their technology. As for why the core technology of the retractable tail wing is not fully disclosed, it wasn't because Suchin was selfish. Rather, it's because the global modification trend hasn't changed, and the core of the retractable rear wing modification might just become another extreme. Besides, he's not that generous. Why should we give our technology to others? If you can't make it, it's a noob. If you want to exchange benefits, stop thinking about getting something for nothing all the time. Then okay. Suchin nodded. Then let's do as you said and grab a wave. Chapter 174 display. Hey old buddy. How have you been lately? He stop congratulating me. Come to my shop. I'll show you something good. Hey, never mind that. Just come and watch. Hey, Lao Jean. Long time no see. I heard you opened another branch. Have a chance to come to my shop? I've got something good for you. Less than 5 minutes. James made more than a dozen phone calls. James had a big smile on his face when he made the phone call. James looked sullen when he hung up the phone. It can only be said that people get old and shrewd. James has become a master at changing his expression. However, James does have a lot of influence. In less than an hour, more than a dozen modifiers came to the door, all dressed in suits and ties with their gray hair combed back and sllicked back. The bodyguards they brought alone had already completely surrounded James' shop. Suchin estimated that setting up a few maong tables would be enough to open a tea house. Judging from the badges worn on the chests of these modifiers, most of them are A-level modifiers, and there are only three S-level modifiers. Considering James' social circle, it's clear how rare S-class car mechanics are in the Chinese market. Old James, you called us all this way. If you don't bring us anything good, we'll teach you a lesson later. The speaker was an A-level modifier who looked older than James with a gray beard that reached his chest. Exactly. You just left the voice of the night. What are you doing back here? Amidst the chatter of a group of old men, James held his chin high, smiled without saying a word, and appeared completely calm and collected. Suchin felt a little strange, so he whispered to nowhere next to him. These A-level modifiers don't seem to have any respect for S-level James. Whether they are older or younger than James, they give the impression of being peers. Noah pushed up her glasses. She originally didn't want to pay attention to Such Chen because she still didn't know what kind of shady deals Such Chin and James had made. Anyway, ever since he came out of the quiet room, James had had that smug look on his face like he just had at least 10 lbs of marijuana. However, considering that Suchin was a member of the Northern Wolf T2 team and a driver favored by her best friend, she rolled her eyes and patiently said, "Because these A-level modifiers are just one step away from Sle. After Alevel modifiers no longer need to be assessed for advancement, it mainly depends on the success rate of the core production. The standard for an S-class modifier is being able to create gold modification cores with a success rate of over 60% for blue cores and over 30% for purple cores. All the modests invited by James were capable of creating gold tier mod cores. However, either the success rate of creating blue cores is too low or the success rate of creating purple cores is too low. However, the fact that they can already create golden cores shows that their understanding of data matrices and nodes is already very thorough. Improving the success rate of blue and purple cores is simply a matter of proficiency. It might take one or two months or at most one or two years to resolve. Oh, Suchin nodded thoughtfully. Half step srank realm. Noah was speechless. What kind of weird statement is this? Suchin was equally speechless. Why do all the levels before S-class modifiers require an assessment? No further assessments are required after S level and above. Although he had never made a golden modified core before, Suchin felt that as long as the materials were available, making a golden modified core would definitely be no problem. If there were no assessment required, he would be guaranteed to be an S-class modifier. Hey, Such Chin, are you still not going to tell me what's going on with those two white modification cores? No glared at Such Chin menacingly. If you don't tell me, I'm going to open a branch next to your modification shop. I heard there are shops for sale there recently. Suchin looked puzzled upon hearing this. Noah probably doesn't know that the shop that's being sold was formerly a car modification shop, right? Don't worry, you'll know about those two white modified cores soon. This wasn't just empty talk because the two of them along with Star Dream and Queen were all in James' drawing room. The modifiers that James had invited were also in this huge living room and it seemed that James intended to discuss business here. The invited modifiers then took their seats. They didn't pay any attention to Such Chan and the others sitting in the corner, treating them as juniors, learning from James. James was speaking to the butler. The butler bowed his head and went out, then came back in a moment later carrying a halfmeter long box. The box looked very heavy and the butler had to carry it with great effort, his face tense from the strain. James instructed the butler to place the box on the table in front of the living room. When the box was opened, it turned out to contain a replica racing car model. Wow, this model is so beautiful. Such Chen's eyes lit up. Before he traveled through time, he enjoyed collecting highly realistic models of various racing cars. The main reason is that his garage is already full of sports cars, so he can only put some replicas on the display wall at home. The one that James brought out can be described as top-notch in both size and precision. If it were on Earth, it would probably sell for a third of the price of a Mercedes-Benz C-Class. What model? Noah sighed, rubbing her forehead. This is a modified core testing device. A modified core testing device. Such was stunned. There's actually such a thing. That's right. Put the modification core in and this model will simulate the state of the Mecca girl installing the modification core. Nor explained the model will display the performance and grade of the modification core. If it is a chassis or aerodynamic component type modification core, the changes in the chassis and aerodynamic components will also be reflected on the tester. Seeing James take out this modified core testing device. The expressions of all the modifiers turned serious. I guess James must have come up with something new. Otherwise, they would never have made such a big fuss by calling them all over and saying they would be showing them good stuff. Look at James' smug expression. Could it be that they've created an incredibly powerful modification core? Nowadays, any truly impressive modification core on the market has been overshadowed by the brilliance of the retractable rear wing modification core. However, there is still no specific information about the core components for the retractable tail wing modification. This thing appeared out of thin air. Its creator vanished without a trace, seemingly oblivious to the immense wealth it brought. Speaking of the core of retractable rear wing modification, one of the modifiers subconsciously glanced back at Such Chen's direction. Why do I feel like I've seen this young man before? Ladies and gentlemen, I've called you here today so you can witness a miracle. James stood in front of the testing equipment, his voice drawing the attention of the group of modifiers. We have been trapped in this era for far too long, James exclaimed with deep emotion. So long that we can't see the future. So long that we feel lost and confused. So long that some people have given up on researching more advanced technologies. But today, standing on the shoulders of giants, I am fortunate to break through the fog of ignorance, break through the shackles of the times and cognition, and see a ray of dawn for the future. He installed one of the modified cores on the tester. Now I will show you the real core of the retractable rear wing modification. Chapter 175. I don't believe it. A retractable rearwing modification core. White quality. Are you kidding me? Didn't LeBron James release the original version a while ago? Could it be that this one is different from the previous one? After a brief moment of stunned silence, the group of modifiers began to discuss amongst themselves. Those tuners who are close to James know that James was already researching the core of the retractable rear wing modification when he was the chief tuner at Night Voice. However, James was not satisfied with the core of the retractable tail wing modification he created, calling it a half-finish product. The retractable tail wing modification core I made before couldn't even be called a semi-finished product, James said solemnly, his face grim. It should be called a defective product. But this one is the real retractable tail wing modification core. That's right. Its quality is only white, which also shows that the core focus of the lift wing modification is not on piling on materials. As long as the direction is right, even the most basic modules made from the lowest grade materials can be combined to create a core for a retractable tail wing modification. One stone stirs up a thousand waves. Most of the tuners present were researching the core of adjustable rear wing modifications. Their core idea now is to pile up materials. Low-grade materials are not durable and cannot withstand more data matrices and nodes. Advanced materials because they can carry a large number of data matrices and nodes also have more possibilities. James' words at that moment essentially shattered their entire research direction. buzz. The test equipment started up with the roar of the engine. As everyone watched, the model's appearance began to change. The previously empty rear end now featured a row of rear wings amidst the shimmering starlight. Furthermore, there is a retractable and foldable sandwich structure beneath this row of tail fins. James gave the tester the instruction. Little James, simulate cornering. As soon as he finished speaking, the model tilted slightly. Its four wheels spun wildly and the rear wing that had been folded at the rear popped out instantly. Little Jean simulate linear acceleration. The model car body returns to the plane and the rear wing slowly retracts as the car body regains balance. But these were not enough to surprise the group of modders until James's next instruction. Tailwing rise and fall 100 times. Upon receiving the command, a series of rapid clicking sounds followed, and the tail fin of the testing instrument rose and fell at a speed that was difficult to detect with the naked eye. It completed 100 ascents and descents in less than a minute. James finished giving the instructions. The testing equipment stopped running and the entire reception room fell silent. This can't be right. Shouldn't the core for the retractable tail wing modification have a limit on the number of uses? Doesn't it need Omega's original mineral power reserve? Can it be raised and lowered a thousand times? James is currently in the first year of research on the core of modified retractable tail wing. Initially, the retractable tail wing was used as a consumable item. It would rise when needed, but could not be retracted after it was raised and could only detach from the rear of the Mecca Girls vehicle. Later, innovations were made based on this core of the elevating tail wing modification. The levitation tail fin is not a consumable, but it does require power. Just like a battery needs to be charged, each use consumes energy, so it also needs to be charged. The core of this retractable tail wing modification is already quite decent. And James original plan was to continue in this direction. The next step is to reduce the energy consumed each time the tail fin rises and falls and increase the number of times the tail fin is used in each race. The elevating tail wing can be charged once before the race and used for the entire race. Other modifiers are going in a similar direction to James, but they are not progressing as quickly. But now, no limit on the number of uses, no charging required. As these words came out of James' mouth, everything was overturned. How is that possible? No loss at all. What data matrix and nodes can achieve that? Faced with the instinctive disbelief and skepticism of the modifiers, James didn't bother with words and directly had the testing equipment simulate the raising and lowering of the tail wing 5,000 times. There's no need to do it more often. 5,000 turns. Most races don't have that many turns. Amidst the continuous clicking sounds, the group of modifiers stared silently at the testing equipment for over half an hour. But the expressions got more and more interesting as the story progressed from surprise to confusion to questioning life and then gradually becoming numb. No stared blankly at the testing device, her eyes wide and her mouth slightly aghetti. Suchin was scrolling through silly short videos out of boredom while Shing leaned on his shoulder, dozing off. Queen would deliberately bring back the videos that were borderline inappropriate for Suchin every time he scrolled away and even give them a few likes. The clicking sound ended and the reception room remained quiet. James watched all this silently, then took out a second white modification core and replaced the retractable tail wing modification core. This time, the testing device did not have any changes in appearance. The newly installed white modification core seems rather ordinary compared to the retractable rear wing modification core until an electronic voice similar to James's rang out on the testing device. White quality modification cord detected. The modification core is unnamed and its attribute is speed plus three. The group of modifiers listened attentively waiting for the electronic voice to continue. Speed plus 3 is a very good attribute on its own and it is considered top tier among white modification cores. However, the specific quality of this white modified core depends on its negative attributes. If the negative attributes are greater than five points, then the practicality of this white modification core is not very high. But they waited for a long time and the testing device still didn't report anything. Instead, we received a second repeated report from the testing equipment. White quality modification core detected. The modification core is unnamed and its attribute is speed plus three. Old James, is your testing device broken? A modifier asked suspiciously. Where are the negative attributes? I remember your testing device is quite old. Why don't you replace it? Someone suggested. He he dash. James's white beard twitched as he smiled without saying a word. Everyone was wondering if the testing equipment was broken. The more he doubted, the more excited he became. These old bastards always showed off to him. His initial joining of the Voice of the Night was partly due to being provoked by these old bastards. I'm thinking of going to the Voice of the Night to show my skills and make a name for myself. In the end, he didn't accomplish anything, but he almost had a heart attack from the pressure from that woman, Jean Xen. Now, I can finally hold my head high." He coughed lightly, silencing the room, and said calmly, "Everyone, stop speculating. Is it possible that this modification core only increases positive attributes?" The reception room fell silent for a moment again. The S-class modifier at the very front couldn't take it anymore. He slammed his hand on the table, stood up, and pointed at James. Impossible. I don't believe it. If I really had a modification core like that, I'd eat the table. Chapter 176. The choice is yours. Customizers have existed in this world for over a decade. In the past, car modification mechanics were not as systematic as they are now. They mainly worked in core modification production plants and research centers. As drivers skills gradually improve, drivers are acquiring an increasing number of skills. The importance of the modification core has undergone three transformations throughout history. Before the star god era, since the results of the competition were almost entirely tied to the Mecca girls, the importance of the modification corps at that time was self-evident. At the start of the star god era, the star gods brought new piloting techniques to this world. The importance of Mecca girl performance decreased and the requirements for pilot skills in the arena gradually increased. Under these increasingly stringent requirements, pilot training gradually became a system. It has developed to its current state. The drivers technical system is basically mature. When pilots are of equal skill, the performance of the Mecca girls becomes the main factor in determining who is superior. The modification core is undoubtedly one of the important components of the Mecca girls performance. It was during this stage that modifiers gradually moved from factories and research centers to the forefront. Those who can awaken the power of starlight and stably create advanced modification cores have become today's modifiers. In order to cultivate more and better modifiers, have been developed to train modelers and modifiers. Times are changing and so are the importance of modifiers, mod cores, pilots and mecha girls in the competition. The only unchanging truth is that while a modification core has positive attributes, it must also have negative attributes. This is universally acknowledged. It's unshakable. Some researchers have also attempted to modify cores that only have positive attributes, but all of these attempts have ended in failure. To put it bluntly, the modification cores used by Star God himself all have negative attributes. In a sense, aren't the negative attributes on the modification cores characteristics that cannot be removed? So, when James said he had a modified core that only increased positive attributes, these modifiers are unbelievable. That's why a fellow S-class modifier stood up, pointed at James, and said he didn't believe it. James stared directly at the equally aged man before him, also a highly respected S-class modifier. In that instant, he seemed to transcend the world. He seemed to be looking at the person pointing at him as if he were his former self. The old man before me clearly has the courage to question, so why doesn't he dare to question the truth? Do you really believe that truth must be truth? No. It's incompetence, its powerlessness, its cowardice that's afraid to admit one's own weakness. They can't escape that deep well. They fear the world outside the well. Their pride in their knowledge and irudition is nothing more than the humble gasps of ants. James stared at old Pat's bark-like wrinkled face. There was no mockery, contempt, or pity in his eyes. That was his former self. What was there to mock? He's only just jumped out of the well. What's there to be proud of? He simply acted like a preacher, solemnly handing the white quality modification core to old Pat. Come and see for yourself. Witness it for yourself. Old Pat held the white modified core tremblingly, his lips shaking. He carefully covered it with a bit of star energy, his cautious manner resembling that of an adventurer venturing deep into a dragon's lair. Fear, caution, expectation. Who knows if behind that gate and laid with dragon scales lies a dragon's treasure or a dragon's wrathful gaze? Pat has now opened that door. Star energy quickly gave him feedback. First message, this is a modification core. Quality is white. The second piece of information, the attribute of the modification core is speed plus three. That's all. And everything came to an abrupt end. It only has a positive attribute of plus three speed. and no negative attributes. Old Pat fell into a long silence. Then he silently put the white modification core into his chest pocket. Then he turned and ran. Stop him. James snapped out of his days, his beard practically bristling with rage and roared. Stop that old bastard. Pat, you dog. I'm sharing the modification core with you and you just steal it, huh? Old Pat was getting on in years and his legs were not very strong. Even though he tried his best to rush to the door, he was still stopped by James's bodyguard. He bristled and yelled at his bodyguards outside. Help! They're trying to rob me. Get me out of here. Damn it. Where are your hands touching? You are humiliating an S-class modifier. I'm going to sue you in the Supreme Court. Help. Rape. Ah! Old Pat's bodyguard was dumbfounded when he heard the faint cry for help. "Are all the people under LeBron James's command so eccentric?" They immediately forgot about chatting and boasting with the other modifiers bodyguards and rushed forward to rescue Old Pat. A chaotic scene ensued. Old Pat ultimately couldn't leave. His bodyguards were all taken down by James' bodyguards. I was also flanked by James bodyguards on both sides. With a grim face, James took the white quality modification core from old Pat's chest pocket under his murderous gaze. He watched helplessly as the white modified core returned to James' hands. The anger on Old Pat's face vanished instantly, replaced by a fawning expression. Old James, why did you make such a big fuss without making a sound? We're all not used to it. Cough. Cough. Old James, listen to me. Give me this modification core and I'm sure I can make the most of it. James slowly wiped the sweat from old Pat's hands on the modified core with a handkerchief and snorted coldly. Old Pat, you're not young anymore. Still saying these things to fool children. You always have to lose something if you want to gain something. Stop thinking about getting something for nothing all day long. I'm willing to give you 30% of the shares in all my shops. Old Pat held up four fingers and corrected, "No, 50%. Do you think I'm short of money?" James looked around at all the modifiers present. Upon hearing this, the modifiers who originally shared the same idea as old Pat fell silent. Indeed, as an S-class modifier and having served as chief modifier at Night Voice for 3 years, James has no shortage of shares. I can't give you the modification core because it's not my technology, but the work of a master. James glanced at Such Chen's side subconsciously, then immediately looked away and said calmly, "I promised that master that I would keep this a secret, and I can't reveal the technical details." Old Pat got impatient and roared, "This is technology that could change the landscape of world motorsport. How can we keep it to ourselves? Yes. Shouldn't this technology have been made public sooner? The entire world's motorsports industry would benefit. Mr. James, we must consider the bigger picture. Immediately, others echoed this sentiment. But LeBron James doesn't fall for moral blackmail. Stop talking to me about lofty principles. You all know the value of these two modified cores. Although I cannot reveal the technical details, I have been given the opportunity to learn from that master. Therefore, if you want to access these technologies in the future, you'll have to learn from me." James paused, then held up a finger to the ceiling and announced loudly, "I am establishing a brand new modification team. I will be the team leader, and you will be the team members. The joining fee will be your weekly resource allocation. Should I join the group? Should I open the door to a new world? Do you want to become a world-class car mechanic and a torchbearer of new ideas for the new era? It all depends on your choice today. Chapter 177. The debate on truth. There wasn't much suspense. All the tuners that James called and chose to join the tuning team and become members of the team. Old Pat, on the other hand, applied to become the deputy chief. But James told him that a deputy lead had already been chosen. He is the deputy chief. Aren't you the chief? Old Pat looked completely bewildered. Are both the chief and deputy chief called chief? James rolled his eyes. The real chief is that master. Otherwise, do you think I'm qualified to be the team's chief compared to that master? Old Pat sized James up and down a few times, then scoffed. Indeed, you're not worthy. James, when will you introduce me to that master?" Old Pat asked eagerly. He had so many questions he wanted to discuss with that master and so many things he couldn't understand that he wanted answers to. However, James just scoffed. You're not worthy. Old Pat pointed at James. You [ __ ] James picked up a glass of champagne from the bar and pointed it at Old Pat. Try hitting him again, you [ __ ] idiot. These modifiers spent almost the entire afternoon at James's place. People began to leave as the last rays of the setting sun fell on the succulents in front of the window. The two white modified cores that Suchin took out had been polished smooth by them. These tuning enthusiasts were eager to know the manufacturing principles behind these two tuning cores. Unfortunately, simply scanning with star energy and constantly analyzing it won't reveal the secrets within. Suchin himself still has to explain it. However, Suchin would definitely not explain to these modifiers at this time. He would only explain to James first. The premise is that James abandons his original theory of hexagonal training of Mecca girls and accepts his new theory. James hasn't completely given up on this point. Everyone had left and the reception room finally returned to silence. The intense discussion that sounded like 10,000 ducks quacking was gone. Such Chin and James sat facing each other with two modified cores already polished and patinated on the table in front of them. At the entrance to the reception room, James's bodyguards were carrying boxes of materials submitted by the modifiers into the car. Shing fell asleep on Queen's lap while Queen was scrolling through Such Chen's phone with a mischievous grin. Noah seemed to have fallen into a state of withdrawal, staring blankly at the steak James had given her on the table because he was in a good mood without picking up a knife and fork to eat it. Master Suchin, I admit that these two modification cores have had a great impact on my thinking. But James paused, "What I want to say is, wouldn't it be more convenient to cultivate an all-around Mecca girl if there were cores that only improve positive attributes? But a Mecca girl can only solidify a modification core a few times in total. Suchin glanced at James. The number of solidifications is limited, and this kind of modification core that only improves positive attributes is very difficult to make. Only I can make it, and no one else can imitate it. James moved his lips, about to say something, but was interrupted. Don't disbelieve me. You'll understand later that you can't make this kind of modified core. Such Chin did not intentionally frame James. This modification core had to be assembled by him personally and customized according to the form of the Mecca girl. He customized it according to the standards of Shing Ming. And Shing Ming's form also conforms to the standards of most Mecca girls. After all, she is a well-rounded Mecca girl with the radiant star emblem. And the modification core that is compatible with Star Dream is also compatible with 99% of other Mecca girls. The data matrix and nodes of this modified core are chaotic and cannot be deciphered with the hand and eye of God plus some of the knowledge of a modeler. Suchin has already provided the data matrix and nodes for the core of the retractable tail wing modification. With this data, the core of the retractable tail wing modification can be mass-produced by other modifiers. The only thing missing is the special entries that only he personally creates. However, the modification core that only adds attributes does not have a corresponding data matrix and nodes. The data matrix and nodes are constantly changing, and modifiers must rely on the matrix and nodes to manually create basic modules. Without definite data, they simply can't figure it out. Even an S-class mod couldn't fix it. This kind of modification core that enhances a single attribute seems to be exclusive to him. only he possesses the ability. He personally crafted the parts starting from raw materials and gradually shaping them into the core of the modification. Only then is there a certain probability of creating such a top tier modified core. Okay. James clenched his fists, still unconvinced. He didn't believe that any modification couldn't be done once the data matrix and data nodes were known. He assumed that Suchin simply didn't want to tell him. However, he didn't mind. It's normal that technical skills aren't easily passed on. Take Noer for example. Although Noah was his student, he did not pass on all his life experience to know. As the saying goes, teach your apprentice and you'll starve unless they are highly regarded successors. Most modifiers will hold back some of their skills. This is the skill that allows you to make a living. Such Chin could see through James' thoughts, and he never thought that taking out two modified cores would be enough to correct James' thinking. These two modification cores were just the starting point, turning James from a defender of the faith into a wavering seeker of the truth. What he needs to do next is to demonstrate his way, let James see the true way, and become a guardian of the way. There are still many races to come, Suchin said to James. In each race, you can choose a driver you think has a chance to beat me. And you can even support that driver by modifying their core according to your own ideas, and I will defeat the driver you admire. My modifications will reflect my ideas. The racers and mecha girls you value represent your ideas. If I were to defeat them every time, even if you're incredibly stupid, you should know which path is the right one. James stared silently at the boy in front of him. His face was bathed in the afterglow of the setting sun. Those eyes reflecting the afterglow of the setting sun and burning like crimson flames held absolute confidence. There are still so many powerful opponents. What makes him so sure he can win? Is it faith in one's own truth? So Suchin's lips curled into a slight smile. Do you dare to take on this game of truth? James pursed his lips and met the light in Such Chen's eyes. As if ignited by the heat in those pupils, the blood in my whole body was boiling. Blood that had gradually cooled with age hadn't felt this fervent in a long time. Why wouldn't I dare? A slight smile played on his lips. I accept. Chapter 178. The candidate. Suchin actually lied to everyone. This white quality modification core which only increases speed doesn't just offer positive attribute increases within the god's eye vision which James and the other modifiers could not see but only suchin could see this modification core also has negative attributes such as cup 1 and minus 5% daily impact resistance. However, in a sense, this core that provides minus 5% everyday impact resistance and increases speed by three points is a holy grail for modders in this world. In their eyes, it's a modification core that only has positive attributes. Well, thinking about it that way, it's not exactly fraud. There are special terms that these modders couldn't possibly come up with. Suchin stood at the entrance of James's modification shop, looking at the old man who had personally escorted him and the two Mecca girls out with a respectful expression. The guilt in his heart vanished. As the saying goes, a small lie doesn't count as a lie. He master Suchin, will you participate in the next provincial qualifying competition? I will inform you about the drivers I am interested in a week before the competition. Also, if I sponsor him, I will tell you all the specific resources I have provided. James looked serious and focused. He will take each and every game that follows very seriously. Suchin wanted to change his mind and he also wanted to change Such Chen's mind. In his opinion, regardless of whether Suchin had another modifier behind him, Such Chen was a genius. They may have gone astray, but once they corrected their course, they could shine even brighter, whether they are tuners or drivers. I'll bring Shing Ming to the next provincial preliminary round. Suchin patted Shing Mings head. James was stunned for a moment, thinking to himself, "Isn't bringing Shing Ming to participate just letting him win? While Star Dream is indeed an excellent Mecca girl, its performance still can't compare to that of a pure brute light queen, right?" Suchin raised an eyebrow immediately seeing what James was thinking and couldn't help but sneer. Old James, your biggest problem isn't being old-fashioned, but that you value data too much. Mecca girls are living beings, not cold machines. Looking at data alone is inaccurate. James didn't say anything. Suchin knew that James still valued the performance of the Mecca girls above all else. It doesn't matter, though. In just a few games, James will realize how shallow his thinking was. Indeed, the current performance of the star dream cannot compare with the absolute power of the queen. But don't forget, Shing Ming hasn't been upgraded to an A-class Mecca girl yet, and she still has one more chance to solidify the modified core and install a new core. Most importantly, he and Shing are on the same wavelength, making it easy for them to enter a state of synchronization. These are things that cold, hard data cannot reflect. Not to mention, he still has a whole truckload of materials to make the nitrous oxide acceleration modification core. The future of the game is full of unknowns, but in a contest against James, he will definitely be the winner. Suchin and the others had just left. James then had his butler bring him a list of participants for the provincial preliminary rounds. He frowned as he saw the names Ayano and Nighthof on the list. Will team Nighhoof still compete? Having just finished a provincial preliminary round, it will take the Mecca girl at least a month to recover to her peak condition. If she wants to continue competing, the Mecca girl's condition can only be guaranteed to be good at best. He continued flipping through the pages and found that only Ayano was a night hoof driver in the competition with no information on the other team members. Looks like they're planning to make Ayano the spearhead while the other players can rest and wait. James stroked his chin thoughtfully. If it's a Yano, then her performance in a match won't be greatly affected by the Mecca Girls condition. However, the other Nighthof riders are different since they don't have Ayano's special talent. Although the captain of Night Hoof is good, he is still a member of the Voice of the Knight. He sighed. If I had a choice, I really wouldn't want to provide assistance to Chin Xen's drivers. But among the drivers on these first few pages, there is indeed no one with better overall qualities than Ayano. With a nothing to lose mentality, James continued flipping through the pages. Um, Such Fungi from Star Crown Club T2. He paused slightly upon seeing the name and some information related to this contestant subconsciously surfaced in his mind. Star Crown Club is naturally incomparable to a behemoth like the voice of the night group. However, it's not bad among first or second tier clubs, especially Suin, the captain of Star Crown Club T1, who is a very skilled driver. Such is that person's younger brother and he is quite strong. Unexpectedly, his mecha girl has already been promoted to Alevel, which means she does have a chance to compete for the provincial budget competition championship. James narrowed his eyes. Perhaps even stronger competitors will sign up later, but there's no time to wait. After all, we need time to test the performance, develop a modification plan, and then create the modification core. Old Fu James called out to the door and a moment later the butler pushed the door open and came in. Sir, what can I do for you? Go to Star Crown Club. James looked out the window and instructed, "Invite Suche, the chief of Star Crown Club's T2 team and his Mecca Girl Foam He to come over in my name. The reason is that I have taken a liking to his and his Mecca Girls potential and am willing to give them some help." Uh the butler hesitated for a moment, then asked tentatively. Sir, how can you be so sure that he will come with us? He will, James narrowed his eyes. During his time as the chief tuner for Night Sound, he was forced to learn a lot about the drivers. This information includes not only the drivers Mecca girl, background, and approximate strength, but also the drivers personality. Suin, the president of Star Crown Club and chief of T1, is a very strict person with his subordinates and a perfectionist. As Suin's younger brother, Suche has suffered multiple defeats in the competition and he is probably under immense pressure from Suin. If I'm not mistaken, Suche has had a tough time every day since the city championship. He will definitely try his best to achieve better results in the next competition. Under such circumstances, Suche absolutely could not refuse the help of an S-class modifier. Even if they have doubts, they will eventually accept help. Besides, there were no traps or conspiracies involved. His help was all free of charge. It was simply to prove whose theory was more advanced, his or Such Chen. Therefore, he didn't care about any of Such's doubts. Such Chen's strength is just too great. How did he manage to do it? In Bingjo City near a tunnel during a city training match, Suché sat on the curb looking dejected. He tried to use the wall hugging cornering technique on his wind crane, but failed. Fenha's vehicle was quite heavy, so he couldn't climb the wall as easily as Suchin. The second round of the provincial qualifying race has many tunnel areas, and many drivers are now urgently practicing cornering techniques that hug the walls. It's all because of Such Chin, this great demon king. Others can do it, but they can't, and as a result, they fall behind in the tunnel area. Master, I'm sorry. Fong he hugged Suche from behind, his magnificent chest pressing against him. I'm too heavy. This isn't your fault, Fong. Feeling the pressure behind him, Suchi's cheeks flushed slightly. He patted Fungi's hand and said, "You're designed for this kind of vehicle. We can figure out a lightweight modification core. But Suche gritted his teeth. He ran out of money. Due to the defeat in the last competition, Suin has been cut off from his development funds. Sulin is a very strange person. I kept telling him to get even better results. But they did something like cutting off resources. Without resources, how can he improve? Lightweight modification cores are expensive. Where is he going to find the money to buy them? Just as Suche was worrying about this, a black minivan pulled up in front of the two of them. Excuse me, are you Mr. Suche? Old Fu got out of the car accompanied by his bodyguard and got straight to the point. My husband invites you to his modification shop. Your husband? A car modification shop? Such stared at the group of people in front of him, momentarily stunned, unable to process what they were seeing. These people were dressed rather suspiciously, yet they didn't look like bad guys. The old man at the front, with his white hair and beard, had an aura similar to his brother, Sulin's, the aura of a wealthy person. But unlike Sulin, he doesn't flaunt his talents. "Who is your husband?" he asked instinctively. Oldfoo smiled and said, "James, the former chief of the night team, an S-class modification master. Chapter 179, nitrogen acceleration engine." Ha! Mission accomplished. It was 4:00 in the morning, and the night was deep and quiet. In the Queen's room, which had been converted into a modification room, Suchin finally emerged from a pile of parts. "It's done." The engine combination with a nitrous oxide acceleration system was finally born in his hands. Despite encountering many difficulties such as a stuck nitrogen circulation pump and a malfunctioning pressure balancer, he still managed to overcome them. But problems are identified and then addressed. The God hand has the ability to instantly create corresponding molds. For example, if you want a pipe, screw, or bearing of a certain diameter, you only need to model it in your mind, and then you can rely on the God hand to create it. This saves him a lot of time and minimizes the cost of trial and error. After all, if a part is not suitable, he only needs to replace it. The hand of God essentially saved him time in manufacturing new parts. on a chair not far from the pile of meow meow parts. Shing Ming rubbed her sleepy eyes. She was asleep, but was startled awake by Such Chen's sudden howl. "Hey, you're still awake, Meow." Shing wasn't grumpy when she woke up. She felt sorry for Suchin when she saw his dark circles under his eyes and his chapped lips. She quickly got up and brought him some pre-cooled boiled water. Moss, even if you're working, you can't push yourself this hard. Shing Ming muttered as she watched Suchin drink water. There are still so many days until the next provincial budget competition. No need to rush to finish the modification core today. You don't understand. Suchin took a sip of water, feeling his somewhat sluggish brain start working again. He pointed to the massive engine in the pile of parts with its exaggerated design and fish scale-like cold glossy metal armor and explained, "This thing is a new product and will probably encounter quite a few problems when using it. Manufacturing it in advances to buy time for testing. We can't expect you to go to the race with a half-finish modified core, can we?" As Suchin spoke, he casually patted Ching Mings head. Perhaps because of its cat ears, Hosinos head feels very soft to the touch. It gave him the feeling of petting a cat, and his tense nerves gradually relaxed with the soft touch. A half-finish product is fine, then. Shing hugged Such Chens arm, pouting, and said, "I'd rather Master get some rest. Mast's health is more important than anything else. Even if Shing Ming uses a half-finish product, she'll do her best to make it work." Meow. Suchin saw the worry in Shings eyes and couldn't help but chuckle. They even used the words of a half-finish product to express it. That's a very dangerous thing. In the previous life, a half-finish engine meant a much higher failure rate, and it was very likely that the engine would explode halfway through the race. Moreover, engine failure is considered a relatively minor accident. If the fire spontaneously combusts and then ignites the fuel tank, then it won't just be the engine that explodes, but the entire car. However, Suchin has not yet heard of the modified core exploding. However, the Mecca girls in this world do experience engine failures. For example, burst type Mecca girls are very prone to engine failures when going uphill on sand tracks. Therefore, explosive type Mecca girls are generally not used on sand tracks unless adjustments are made to the core and stigma to allow this explosive Mecca girl to adapt to the soft sand. All right, I know my own body best. Suchin pulled Shings hand and walked to the huge engine, his eyebrows dancing with excitement. Look, this is the superkiller move I prepared for you. An engine equipped with a nitrogen acceleration system. Its principle is nitrogen and oxygen in the compressed gas cylinder are separated by a 300°ree high temperature molecular civ. After the nitrogen is cooled, it is introduced into the engine's hot zone to cool down. While high purity oxygen is injected into the combustion chamber. In this way, the cold nitrogen circulation can reduce the engine operating temperature by at least 20° C. An oxygen-rich environment can improve combustion efficiency by about 30%. Theoretically, it can increase speed by 25% during nitro acceleration. How about that? Doesn't it sound amazing? Shing Mining glanced at the engine, then at Such Chin, blinked her big eyes twice, scratched her head awkwardly, and forced a sweet smile. Ma, I'm suddenly a little sleepy. How about we go to sleep together? Meow. If we don't go to sleep soon, it'll be dawn. Suchin looked at Shing Ming. Aren't you interested in my great faming? Shing Ming waved her hands repeatedly. How could that be? I I just Suchin, don't you understand what I'm saying? Shing Mings pretty face flushed red, and she didn't dare to look Suchin in the eye. Her cat tail swayed helplessly behind her. Ma, I just too stupid. Meow. She looked at Suchin with a wronged expression and grabbed one of his fingers. Moss. Shing Ming didn't mean to not understand. Please forgive Shing Ming. Okay. Shing Ming will go warm the bed for Moss now. Master, you're deliberately scaring Shing Ming again. The queen pushed open the door and walked in, carrying a cup of hot milk. Seeing Shing Mings agrieved look, she couldn't help but roll her eyes at Such Chin. You're just trying to scare her. She's already simple-minded. The more you scare her, the simpler she'll become. Such Chen's seemingly serious expression was barely concealed by a smile. It was clearly an act. Only Shing Ming, being so naive, couldn't see what emotions were written on Such Chen's face, she just accepted whatever he said. "In the future, won't Suchin have him completely under his control?" Seeing that his disguise had been exposed, Suchin had no choice but to give up. Under Shing Mangs resentful gaze, he pinched Shing Mangs nose. Moss, you big bad guy. I'm not sleeping with you tonight. I'm going to sleep with Queen instead. Really? Queen handed the hot milk to Such Chin, patted Shing Mings head, and said with a mischievous smile, but I think I also sleep with Master. In that case, you're still sleeping with Master, right? It's just a matter of moving from the left side of the bed to the right side. Shing Ming froze for a moment. Her pretty face puffed up like a bun, and she tilted her head and said in a huff, "Sister Queen, you bullied me too. You two are both big bad guys." Seeing Queen on his side, Such Chin immediately revealed a wolf-like smile. Little Star Dream, you actually used not sleeping with him as a threat. Haha, would Sue be afraid of such a threat? Queen, whose memories have not yet returned, will not unconditionally side with Star Dream. Heihei, I never expected this. I'm sleeping alone tonight. Queen may seem to be teasing Shing Ming, but she is actually teasing him. Suchin lay on the empty bed, speechless. Normally, he would shamelessly sneak into Shings place at night regardless of his status. But he really didn't have the energy today. He spent a full 10 hours surrounded by piles of parts. He needed to hurry and take queen to receive the blessing of the star god. after he woke up in the afternoon. The machinery maintenance association closes at 5:00 p.m. every day. Unmoved by anything external. If he doesn't hurry, he'll have to wait until tomorrow. Thinking about all the things I still had to do, drowsiness washed over me. Just as Suchin was about to fall into a deep sleep, Nebula surged in his mind. A brand new star emerged. The message from the distant galaxy gradually became clear in Such Chen's mind. At the same time, a mysterious power was also awakening within Such Chen's body. That is the body of God. Chapter 180. You have to be responsible to your master. Adash. Holy crap. Awesome. Tisk. Queen frowned in her sleep. What the hell is that noise? I picked up my phone and glanced at it. It's 7:00 a.m., not 7:00 p.m. It's been less than 2 hours since she and Shing started sleeping together. McFlurry cannot be ruled out as making this strange sound. The answer is already very clear. This howl, comparable to that of a primate ape, came from their beloved master. Since it's the master making those noises, we can't use force to eliminate him. The murderous intent surging in the queen's eyes vanished without a trace. Then a sense of curiosity and confusion took over. Master usually behaves quite steadily, appearing respectable to outsiders, but a beast in disguise at home. He shouldn't be making such strange noises. Could it be a flare up of hemorrhoids? The queen pursed her lips. Mecca girls don't have this kind of trouble, but she's heard that there's a saying among humans that nine out of 10 men have hemorrhoids. So, master is very likely to have this problem. And it's very likely that this problem is caused by eating spicy food. Then she bears responsibility for this. She has to be responsible to master. I need to help master solve his troubles. She had a quick debridement surgical kit at home and her scalpel was also quite effective. The purpose of saving the master will not trigger the machine girl's thought imprint. Most importantly, she will definitely see the master's shameful and embarrassed side. The thought of master trembling and blushing uncontrollably filled queen with a strange excitement, and her face seemed to heat up. Needless to say, it must have turned very red. We dash. Her eyes darted around and she took a disposable scalpel from her medical kit, put on her clothes, and went out in the direction the sound came from. On the balcony, hearing the noise behind him, Suchin turned around to look. Queen came out wearing only a night gown. Her long black hair cascaded down her shoulders, and her black lace undergarment was clearly visible beneath the thin robe. Bathed in the morning sunlight, Queen's curvaceous body was also faintly visible through the sheer fabric. Suchin's eyes widened and his mouth felt dry. Queen was a little disappointed when she couldn't find Suchin in the restroom. She temporarily hid the scalpel and medical kit behind her back, looking at Suchin with curiosity. At this moment, Suchin was shirtless, panting heavily and covered in sweat, looking as if he had just experienced the excruciating pain of hemorrhoids. The queen gripped the scalpel tightly. "Master, why are you up so early? What are you doing?" "Oh," Suchin tried his best to look away from Queen's curves. He clenched his fist in a boxing motion, his face serious. With a voice that sounded like 10 engines were churning, he said, "Yay! I'm at the peak of my manhood right now, so why don't I get up this morning and exercise, "Don't you think I look really manly?" Queen glanced at Such Chen's arms and abdomen, which showed no signs of exercise, then subtly looked away, nodding and smiling. "Master is the most manly I love manly master, so master is just getting up to practice boxing." "Yes," Suchin nodded. He discovered a new talent last night before going to bed. Divine body kidney strengthening. As the name suggests, the talent activated in this provincial preliminary competition will grant him a godlike physique, but it shouldn't be given to him all at once. Rather, it should be reinforced gradually. For example, right now he has been given a divine kidney. What are the benefits of strengthening the kidneys? Suchin could only think of large quantities to satisfy his hunger at first, but he later discovered it wasn't that simple. He would be extremely tired after sleeping only 2 hours. His mind would be foggy. He would not know what the world was like, and he would even feel like he was floating when he walked. But when his phone alarm went off at 7:00, he immediately jumped out of bed. He stood in front of the mirror at the sink. Good heavens. Dark circles are gone. Eye bags are gone. And wrinkles on my face are gone. She looks several years younger, radiating a vibrant energy. He felt as energetic as a dog. He couldn't help but throw a set of wild punches at the rising sun on the balcony. Now he's got all the energy he needs. It's a pity I didn't learn martial arts in my past life. He didn't know how to release his pentup frustration through boxing. So unable to contain their emotions, they could only let out the incessant cries of monkeys on both banks of the river. So master really was just practicing his boxing skills. The queen lowered her head, her face showing obvious disappointment. Uh Such Chin then noticed that queen had one hand behind her back, seemingly holding something. Besides, he's just throwing a punch. What's there to be disappointed about? Seeing her master so energetic and vigorous, shouldn't she, as a Mecca girl, be happy about it? Queen, what are you holding in your hand? Ah, nothing. Queen subtly concealed the scalpel and quick debridement kit under her robe and tucked them between her legs. With her other hand, she smoothed her hair, trying to hide the awkwardness on her face. But Suchin didn't seem to be giving up. He even wanted to squat down to look. How can we tolerate this? It doesn't matter what others see since she's Master's Mecca girl anyway. But Master absolutely must not see the scalpel, otherwise things will get complicated. Master Queen quickwitted took a step back with her surgical kit and scalpel and said with a smile, "I noticed that your boxing seems to lack any real technique. I've studied some boxing techniques in my spare time. Would you like me to teach you?" As expected, Suchin's attention was drawn to the queen's words. He never really felt safe in this world. Although the Mecca girls have high combat power and can protect the pilots, he still believes that one must be strong to succeed. Even a Mecca girl can't protect him all the time. What will he do when there are no Mecca girls to protect him? He can only rely on himself. Moreover, he possesses technology that no other car mechanic in the world has. How dangerous. When he heard that Queen was going to teach him boxing, wasn't that exactly what he wanted? Queen, I didn't know you could box. Suchun looked the curvaceous and alluring black-haired female cyborg up and down and said with some restraint, "So, what's your level of boxing skills?" The queen remained silent, but simply threw a standard hook punch at the wall beside her. Boom! Dash! A cracked fist mark appeared on the wall. The whole building seemed to shake. Then everything fell silent. On the sofa, McFlurry yawned and glanced at the dumbfounded Sin with disdain. In the Queen's bedroom, Shing rolled over, revealing her soft little belly, let out a burp, and continued sleeping. "How is it, master?" Queen asked with a smile. "Am I good enough?" "Enough?" Suchin nodded repeatedly. his face pale. Absolutely enough. May I go change my clothes? Can he? Please wait a moment. Queen breathed a sigh of relief. Then she turned around, tucked her legs together, and hopped away. Chapter 181. Becoming a man of iron. Master, this is a left hook. This is a right hook. This is a step punch. This is a spinning whip kick. Queen demonstrated the disassembly steps again in a continuous sequence and said to Suchin, "This is a combo. Now that you've mastered this combo, come and try it out." Suchin, "Uh, no. Is Queen treating him like an NPC? Do you really think you're going through a tutorial in the beginner's village? You think you can understand it after watching it once?" Suchen's lips twitched. He tried to imitate Queen's movements, but naturally his movements were far from standard. The Queen's punches and kicks were powerful and swift, while his punches and kicks were like a combination of radio gymnastics and a lightning fast five hit combo. Huh? Queen looked disappointed, pouted, and pointed her fingers at each other. Can't master do it? Suchin clenched his fists tightly. Should he do that? He was just an ordinary, insignificant person, not a super scion. Queen seemed to finally notice the embarrassment on Such Chen's face. Her disappointment vanished. Her eyes darted around and a slight smile played on her lips. "Well, since Master can't do it, I'll have to give master some special training myself." He dash. Suchun looked at Queen's mischievous face and felt as if he were looking at a little fox. Now he gets goosebumps whenever he hears queens. He he how how are you going to train me? Suchin was answered by a rapidly approaching dark shadow and the sweet aroma of lurfilled chocolates. The next second he felt a soft little hand pressed down on his chest. Then his lower body went limp and he was lifted into the air by a tremendous force. Boom dash. Suchin was thrown to the ground by Queen with an over-the-shoulder throw, but there was no pain. When he came to his senses, he realized that Queen's hands had supported his back and buttocks, so he didn't fall too badly. Master, since you can't learn instantly like us Mecca girls, you'll need special training. Special training means taking a lot of hits to improve your reaction time before learning specific moves. Physical training also needs to keep up. Otherwise, she licked her lips, leaned close to Such Chen's ear, and said in a suggestive tone, "Otherwise, you won'tt be able to handle me and Shing Ming in the future." The queen didn't know how she did it. Despite being out of balance, she was able to support Such Chen's waist with one hand, and her upper body could still press tightly against Suchin like a supple water snake. However, before Suchin could fully appreciate the grandeur and gentleness of the queen, in a flash, the fragrant breeze faded away, and Queen, standing three steps away, was helped up, still feeling dizzy. Ahem. Queen coughed lightly, stroking her chin. That concludes today's special training. Master, you should still pay attention to physical exercise. Otherwise, you won't be able to perform even if you learn the basic moves. From now on, well train every morning before Shing Ming wakes up. Suchin, why do we need to do this while Shing Ming is still asleep? Queen said in a serious tone. If Shing Ming sees you learning, she will definitely want to learn, too. Do you really want Hashino to transform from a sweet, soft kitten into a puffy, hissing, fighting catgirl? Suchin imagined it for a moment. When they won the competition before, Shing Ming would just casually throw him into the air. This shows that Star Dreams power is by no means inferior to Queens. Well, let's just forget about it. Starard Dream is fine as it is now. Moreover, Shing Ming is rather simple-minded. What if she gets too excited and accidentally twists her neck due to muscle memory? His concerns were not unfounded. I once read a news article about a man who had a girlfriend who practiced martial arts. The two had been in a long-distance relationship and hadn't seen each other for a long time. After meeting, they went through the motions of getting her to a hotel to train. The two got very passionate and the girlfriend gave the man a deep kiss that involved a throat lock. Because she used too much force, the man dislocated his collarbone. Suchin shuddered and shook his head repeatedly. That's right. So, it's just the two of us practicing. Queen was satisfied with Such Chen's response. This way, she'd have time alone with Master every morning, helping him learn combat while also freely exploring his body, finding his weaknesses, and teasing him at will. Just thinking about it makes my whole day feel good. The queen used a hot towel to gently wipe the sweat off Such Chen's face. Then, glancing at the time, she said to Suchin, "Well, master, it's getting late. I'll go make breakfast first. I'll change my training clothes into an apron in the kitchen later. I won't go back to the bedroom to change so as not to wait. Shing. You can't peek into the kitchen. Okay. She winked at Such Chin casually let her hair down again, turned around and went to the kitchen with her hands behind her back. The kitchen door was made of frosted glass, and you could only see the queen's shadow as she took off her clothes and put on an apron under the light. Soon, a girl's soft singing voice filled the room. It's clear that Queen is in a very good mood. Suchin found it hard not to suspect that Queen was doing it on purpose. Knowing he can't see anything, she still deliberately teased him. "Hey, just you wait." Suchin turned his gaze away. Being unable to eat these things is a double torment, both psychologically and physically. Out of sight, out of mind. But at this moment, the idea of strengthening the body reached its peak. Physical health is secondary. My main goal is to become a perpetually energetic, ferocious machine, a man of iron. We finished eating earlier than expected. Suchin has three things to do. First, take queen to receive the blessing of the star god. I wonder if the blessing of the star god can repair queen's memory damage. Even recovering some memories is possible. The current queen is already putting him under some strain. Then he promoted Shing Ming to an A-rank Mecca girl. Now he's used to Shings 42° body temperature and even finds it warm to hug her on hot nights. So the flame storm core was solidified on Shing Ming during this promotion. Finally, we need to find a private training ground to test the effect of the nitro acceleration core. It is said. Suchin arrived at the entrance of the modification room and looked at the enormous thing lying in the pile of parts. I haven't converted this thing into a core yet. He was so tired last night that he completely forgot about it in order not to affect the effect of the nitrogen acceleration modification core. Suchin did not plan to equip this engine with any other basic modules. With just this one engine, results were achieved immediately. Come on. He placed his hand on the cold engine casing and lowered his eyes slightly. Now the moment to witness a miracle has arrived. Chapter 182. Shing, who is ill. The starlight flashed by. A modified core radiating the glow of 24k pure gold appeared before Suchin. As expected, the guaranteed minimum is gold. Suchin narrowed his eyes. A gold-plated modified core would be incredibly expensive on Star Godu. And this particular core is now a nitrous oxide acceleration core with special functions, making it many times more valuable than a regular goldplated core. The core of the adjustable rear wing modification can be upgraded to white quality basic version. However, this nitrogen accelerated core is extremely expensive. To ensure safety, the best materials must be used. Suchin picked up the golden modification core. Even the electronic font that appears on the core has turned into a gold color. Unnamed nitrogen acceleration engine modification core. Positive effects speed + 10, burst + 10. Negative effects, stability minus 5, crash resistance minus 10%, engine failure chance 1%. Exclusive effect, nitro boost X5. Five nitro boosts every 12 hours. After all boosts are used, the tank automatically recharges. During nitro boosts, the Mecca girl's instantaneous speed increases by 25%. Special effects. Daily impact resistance minus 5, water drainage + 10, weight + 5 kg, softness + 10%, sensitivity + 5, grade gold. This modification core is made for you. Please name it. A 1% failure rate is barely acceptable. Suchin nodded thoughtfully. As a perfectionist, he prefers to minimize risks. But he understood that it was impossible to have no risks at all. In this world, the existence of these strange creatures called organic girls combined with top materials has already reduced the risk to 1%. Which is incredibly impressive. In the previous world, the same nitrogen system would have either caused the engine to explode or burn out. The engine might even have to be retired before a race is even over. Moreover, it was made into a modified core. This thing no longer needs to be manually charged. It's now fully automatic. The usage of five times in 12 hours is about the same as his estimate when he made the nitrogen engine system. The amount of nitrogen and oxygen in the pressure tank he put in the engine is about enough for five nitrogen accelerations. But what kind of attribute is daily impact resistance? Such Chen's expression was strange. The collision resistance attribute is easy to understand. It refers to whether you will be knocked off the track by other Mecca girls when you are fighting on the track. When two Mecca girls collide, the one with lower collision resistance is more likely to deviate from the track. But is this everyday impact resistant? It's rather intriguing. The displacement is also easy to understand. Because the pressure bottle provides a high concentration of oxygen to the combustion chamber, the combustion efficiency is improved and more water is decomposed, thus increasing the drainage volume. Um, that must be it. He dash. Suchin let out a strange laugh. Naming the modified core is a very serious matter, especially this groundbreaking modification core which has special significance for the world. A dignified and appropriate name is especially important. Suchin considered himself to be the god of naming in ancient Greece. After a brief moment of thought, he announced to the modified core in front of him, "Let's call it the fresh and juicy nitrogen core. It sounds very appetizing." Name incomplete. He he suchin tiptoed into the bedroom with the modification core in his hand. Shing is sleeping in a starfish position on Queen's bed. Her pajamas were slightly lifted, revealing her fair waist and navl. Great opportunity. Suchin swallowed hard, charged forward with a savage gate, skillfully replaced the blazing storm with the new modification core, and installed it on Starream. Replacing the core of the modification is a very sensitive process for Mecca girls. Suchin waited for Shing to give him some feedback. However, Shing frowned slightly, turned over, and continued sleeping, turning her little bottom towards Suchin. Su Chin, what happened to the Mecca girl being very alert when changing or modifying her core? He glanced at Shing Ming helplessly. He then looked at the green blue quality flame storm modification core in his hand. This modified core has the excellent attribute of plus 5° C body temperature. However, it is still somewhat outdated for Star Dream. Now, it's not even possible to boost Shings performance to the threshold for advancing to a class Mecca girl. Anyway, there are still quite a few materials left. Why not disassemble this core and then optimize it further? Thinking about it that way, Such Chin then took the blazing storm to the modification room. On the queen's bed, Shing, who was fast asleep, suddenly curled up, then changed her position. After tossing and turning for a while, she finally woke up groggy. "My stomach feels so bloated. She touched her lower abdomen in confusion. The Mecca girl doesn't have a main account, but she does have a secondary account. However, what humans consider urination is simply a way for Mecca girls to expel excess water from their bodies. And they don't urinate as frequently as humans who typically do it three or four times a day. The Mecca girl usually drains water once a day. The frequency increases slightly during the match. The discharge is also pure water, but because the discharge method is as private as that of humans, no industry selling purified water has been developed. Even though the discharge is pure water, a driver once did this. After being reported, the grass on his grave is now 5 ft tall. I lined up once before going to sleep. She scratched her head in confusion, but still quickly got up and ran to the toilet. The toilet is right next to the kitchen. Queen, who was cooking, wondered why Shing Ming was up so early. The next second, a surging sound of water could be heard. Splash! Queen! Shing Mang, "Are you taking a shower?" "No, no," Meow. Shing Mings somewhat embarrassed voice came from the toilet next door. "How could there be such a loud noise?" "Iq Ching Ming stared blankly at the shadow spreading across the bathroom floor tiles, stammering." "Sister Queen I, I think I'm sick." "Huh?" Queen, holding the spatula, froze. "Sick, right?" Shing Mings voice was muffled with a hint of disbelief and a noticeable tremor. You you quickly bring Mast to see Meow Q. I I think I'm going to flood the toilet. Meow. What? Queen quickly put down the spatula and without even putting on any other clothes, Hurley ran out wearing only an apron. Inside the modification room, Such Chin was completely unaware of everything happening in the outside world. He has now disassembled the Blaze Storm modification core into a basic module. They then disassembled and modified the core engine into a mechanical prototype. The next step is to upgrade based on this. There are still quite a few siphon cooling fins left which can be used as materials for the combustion chamber and all the pipes inside the engine can also be replaced with pulse memory alloy. This is the most direct and basic way to improve engine performance. Besides, he also plans to install a new air conditioning system, making a 5° temperature increase a controllable benefit. This allows the temperature to be maintained at a 5° C level under normal circumstances and special conditions, but it can be turned off or even lowered during competitions. This is the ideal situation. He Chapter 183 Queen, give it a try, too. Shing Ming, pull up your pants. You don't need to show me the details. Queen, you two go change your clothes. Your apron is too small. Buy a bigger one. Suchin stood at the toilet door and took a deep breath. Amitba, form is emptiness. Emptiness is form. Each situation requires specific analysis. Moss, am I sick now? Shing Ming looked at Suchin pitifully, her little hands helplessly clutching the hem of Such Chen's clothes. It wasn't until this moment that the queen realized she was only wearing an apron. Her pretty face immediately turned red, and she silently went back to her bedroom to change her clothes. Teasing Suchin is one thing, but that doesn't mean she can really let Suchin see it whenever he wants. Suchin stepped aside for a moment and only went in again after Shing Ming had settled on the toilet. Honey, you're not sick. It's just that the modification core I just installed for you has some special effects. Shings eyes were red at the corners. She was stunned for a moment when she heard Such Chen's words and sniffed. Modify the core. Meow. When will Moss give Shing the modification core? While you were sleeping? Suchin scratched his head sheepishly. The main thing is, who would have thought that this special effect would have such a strong feedback? However, it's clear that the queen's toilet also has some problems with its drainage system. He usually uses the toilet in his and Shing's bedroom and rarely comes to this public toilet area. Upon closer inspection, it was discovered that the drain in the corner was blocked by hair. So, even Mecca girls lose hair. At this moment, Suchin gained a completely new understanding of Mecca Girls. Wow. So, it's Mast's modification core. Shingman closed her eyes and sensed it. She finally discovered that her modification core had been replaced and the most obvious physical sensation was that her temperature had dropped significantly. But shouldn't modifying the core either improve or reduce the Mecca girl's performance? How could there be such a strange special effect? Wrong. Shing was stunned for a moment. Looking back, the previous modified cores all seemed to have special effects. Oh no, I'm doomed. Shing cried, her face contorted with grief. What if every time I drain fluids this much from now on drink that much nutrient solution? Will my skin become so dry and my whole body become so tough and inelastic? Will Moss not like me anymore? Meow. Shing Mings concern gradually shifted from her physical health to whether Such Chin would continue to like her. Suchin once said that he liked her because she was soft and cuddly and that sleeping while holding her was a pleasure. Uh, it's not that bad. Suchin pondered. This should just be the reaction after the core is installed for the first time. It has no particular connection with Shing Ming. To verify this, he removed the modified core just as Queen had changed her clothes and walked to the door. Here, Queen, let me show you this new modification core. The queen stared at the gleaming golden modification core in Such Chen's hand with wide curiosity. She hadn't heard Su Chen's conversation with Shing Mang and didn't know what would happen next. Although it's unclear why the topic shifted from the unusual nature of the star dream to the new modification core. But since Master has done this, the issue of his dream of becoming a star should have been resolved. As expected of Master, you're so fast. It's a gold quality modification core. She lifted the corner of her t-shirt, revealing her beautifully curved waist, and asked curiously, "Master, what new functions does this modification core have?" Suchin remained silent, but temporarily removed the core of the retractable tail wing modification from Queen and then installed the new core. He estimated the approximate time and said to Queen and Shing Ming, "Please wait here for a while." Then he closed the door. He returned to the modification room, calmed his breathing, and silently recited again, "Form is emptiness. Emptiness is form." Then I continued tinkering with the flamestorm modification core that wasn't fully upgraded yet. 10 minutes later, he heard Queen scream from the toilet. "So, Star Dream, your abnormality is related to the modification core, but has nothing to do with you." Suchin took a deep breath and gazed at Queen, whose face was already red to the roots of her ears as she sat on the toilet, giving her an epic burst of breath. Unfortunately, pure water is just pure water. The only scent in the air was a faint fragrance of liquor filled chocolates and a milky aroma emanating from Shing Mings body. Oh, mass. Shing nodded with a straight face. This modification core is bad. The core of the modification isn't damaged. Such inside and rubbed his forehead. You can think of it as giving you an adjustment period the first time you install it. There definitely won't be such serious situations in the future. The first time is a little more serious so that you can be mentally prepared and then you won't be surprised in the future. Master Queen said, her head bowed, her hands gripping the hem of her clothes tightly, her voice barely a whisper from between her teeth. Could you could you please remove that modified core from my body? Suchin watched Queen who was in an awkward situation with great interest. As her memories gradually return, Queen's true nature is also slowly awakening. He was gradually losing control of this Mecca girl who liked to tease him. This was the first time he had ever heard the queen speak to him in such a tone. It's easy to imagine that Queen must have been quite stimulated when the special effect was triggered. No problem. He stopped teasing Queen, replaced the golden core, and reinstalled the retractable tail wing modification core on Queen. Queen finally breathed a sigh of relief when she felt the overwhelming urge to release within her body disappear. That's terrifying. She stared at the golden modification core in Such Chen's hand, her eyes filled with obvious fear and resistance. It's already like this at home during the game. It's hard to imagine how shameful that must have been. Master, please don't install this modified core on me again. Okay. Faced with Queen's serious requests, Suchin gave a strange smile. Are you sure? This modification core is quite powerful, you know. I I'm sure. Queen nodded, saying decisively. I can feel the improvement in speed and burst damage from this modification core, but the special effects that come with it are still a bit hard for me to accept. Just an increase in speed and explosiveness. Suchin chuckled, but didn't say anything more. He was really looking forward to seeing how Queen would react when he took Shuming to the training ground for the test. The farce caused by the new modified core coupled with the significant time delays due to the upgrade of the blaze storm further complicated matters. After finishing lunch at 1 p.m. Such took shing and queen out. The blaze storm has been upgraded to version 2.0. The attributes of flames storm 1.0 zero are positive effects speed + 7 burst damage + 5 cornering damage plus two tire wear minus 20%. Negative effects stability minus3 cornering correction minus 5%. Special effects bra size + 1, body temperature + 5°, body sensitivity + 2, leg strength plus 20 kg. Grade green blue. After a series of upgrades, it has become positive effects speed plus 8, burst damage plus 5, cornering plus 6, tire wear minus 20%. Negative effects, stability minus3, range minus2, cornering correction minus 5%. Special effects. Brock cup size + one. Body temperature minus5° to + 5°. Body sensitivity plus two. Leg strength plus 20 kg. Drainage plus two. Grade purple. Besides performance improvements, Blazem 2.0 also features Blazem 1.0. The biggest change is that body temperature has become a controllable value. However, the addition of an air conditioning system also reduce the range of the second generation modified core. Air conditioning in a car also consumes electricity. This is consistent with the law of conservation of energy. This drainage system has been expanded by two points. Sai such thinking about the various anomalies brought about by this special effect, he couldn't help but glance at Shing beside him with a guilty conscience. The queen has become extremely wary of anything that promotes drainage. Only Shing Ming, that silly girl, is said to have no health problems and won't be disliked. Suddenly, he didn't care about anything anymore and looked all happy. Chapter 184. Unconventional operations. Northern Wolves T2 Club. Congratulations. Shing Ming's performance has reached the standard for promotion to a class Mecca girl. Noah walked out of the modification room with a report in his hand. There are two attribute requirements for promotion to grade A. Either one performance stat reaches 80 or both performance stats reach 75. Shings speed and cornering are both exactly 75. So, she meets the promotion criteria. Did you bring any materials? If you do, we can use them on Shing right now. Upon hearing this, Suchin quickly took out the intermediate grade radiant star essence. This is one of the rewards for the provincial preliminary champion. The next time star dream or queen is promoted to S-class mecha girl, it will require three intermediate star essences. Hei Shing Dash Noah took the intermediate level star essence from Suchin and waved it in front of Shing Mings eyes like she was holding a dried fish. Want to advance to an A-rank Mecca girl? Want to? Want to? If you want to, let me patch your head. He He Shinming ignored Noah and turned around to hug Su Chens arm, bearing her teeth and glaring at Noer. Moss, she bullied me. She even tried to pet my head. Meow. Shing Ming won't let her pet me. Meow. Being rejected by a catgirl is always an embarrassing and heartbreaking thing. Noah coughed lightly and said seductively. Star dream, you already have one stigmata slot. You should know that when a Mecca girl advances to a rank, there is a chance to awaken a second stigma slot. You should know the difference between one stigma slot and two stigma slots, right? If both slots contain the same type of stigma, a set bonus will be created. With the set bonus, you'll become incredibly powerful. So what? Shiming put her hands on her hips, puffed out her cheeks, and said, "Do you think you can decide whether or not a stigma slot can be awakened?" "Humph, you just don't understand." Norah spread her arms wide, looking like a charlatan. I've had plenty of Mecca girls awaken their stigmata slots here. "I have experience. I know how to use intermediate star element to increase the awakening probability of stigmata slots." Shing Ming hesitated, glancing weakly at Such Chin and stammered while holding his hand. W what should we do? Masta, should we pat her head? If Masta doesn't want to, Shing Ming won't let her. Suchin stared at Noah's lips, twitching slightly. He keep blowing. Do you really think he's unaware of this knowledge? The Mecca girl's promotion from Dank to C rank is guaranteed by 100% awakening of the stigmata slot. C2B generally do not awaken stigma slots. The success rate of awakening a stigma to slot is over 60% when going from B to A. If you don't awaken, your chances of promotion will gradually increase until you do. The subsequent A to S, S to SS, and SS to SSS slots are all based on probability for awakening stigmata. Perhaps those top clubs have methods to increase the awakening probability of stigmata slots. However, it could not be found online. All he knew was that Queen had four stigmata slots when she was at SS rank. With Queen being downgraded to rank B, the number of stigmata slots has reverted to two. As the level of Mecca girls increases in the future, the differences may not just be in basic performance. Modifying the core is nothing. The strength of a Mecca girl is determined by her special skills, stigma slots, and the stigma kit she is equipped with. Therefore, awakening the stigma slots in advance is very important as each failed awakening attempt is equivalent to losing one more chance. However, Suchin had no clue about this either. However, he wouldn't ask too much of Star Dream and Queen. He is China's top car modification engineer. He possesses the hand of God. Even if the queen and star dream stigmata slots can't ultimately be collected to make up a full set of five, he will also use modifications to make up for these gaps. Let her touch it. Suchin knew that Noah had been longing to patch Ching Mings head for a long time. She's a rich woman who sponsored his renovation studio. So, let her touch him once. Ugg dash. Ching looked like a wife being bullied by the club president and slowly moved over to Noer. He he Noah didn't hold back either. He pulled Shing Ming into his arms and began to fondle her, rubbing against her while letting out a devilish laugh and the sound of swallowing saliva. Suchin closed the door out of sight, out of mind. 5 minutes later, Shing, looking completely exhausted, was pushed out of the room by nowhere. Amen. I've already enchanted Star Dream. Noah pushed up his glasses, his face radiating a saintly aura. Using intermediate star element on Star Dream now will greatly increase the probability of Star Dream awakening a stigma slot. Hallelujah. After saying that, Noah closed the door. She looks exactly like a heartless, cruel woman. Such Chun looked at Shings pitiful appearance and pinched her cheek with a smile. Then use intermediate level star essence on Shing Ming. Starlight bathed Shing Ming and a comfortable feeling of being soaked in sunlight made Shing Ming subconsciously close her eyes. Suchin then quietly lifted the hem of Shings clothes. He wasn't doing anything sleazy. Instead, they were observing whether the starshine mark had formed. Within the Eye of God's vision, there is a progress bar for Star Dreams advancement. When the progress bar reaches 90%, the stigmata slots still hasn't formed. Suchin frowned. He had some expectations for Noah's so-called experience, but now he knows they were unrealistic. But then, in the vision of the eye of God, another message appeared on Shings body dismantle. Can it be disassembled? What are we disassembling? Should the upgrade be forcibly stopped by dismantling the intermediate star element halfway through? Then upgrade the drop rate for stigmata. Is it possible to play like this? With a let's give it a try attitude. Suchin pressed his hand on Shing Mings forehead. Disassemble buzz. The starlight flowing around Shing Ming gradually dimmed. The stardust fell to the ground and eventually formed a mid-level radiant star essence. Chapter 185. I have no choice but to go. Shing Mings promotion was terminated. The intermediate level star element has also been perfectly reverted. Seeing this, not only Such Chin was stunned, but Queen and Shing Ming were also stunned. It's really possible. Such Chen's lips twitched. For the first time, I felt apologetic for having such an awesome cheat. It's easy to imagine the hardships that native drivers in this world endure without any cheat codes. Before Queen and Shing Ming could react, Such Chin gave Shing Ming the intermediate level star essence again. No stigmata slots were generated this time either. He expertly pressed down on Shings forehead. Disassemble. Intermediate Star essence has emerged again. Master Queen had already figured out what Suchin was doing and said with a bewildered expression, "Do you mean that when you play a gotacha game and can't get an SSR, you just revert your gacha tickets and endlessly refresh the gacha pool? Your description is very apartment." Suchin nodded. "That's right, just as you think." "Oh, it's similar to that virtual girlfriend game I usually play." Shing Ming blinked her big eyes, nodded thoughtfully, and asked the question that had been on Queen's mind. But Moss, how can you do that? I've never heard of other pilots having this function. Meow. Because I'm a modifier, Such Chan replied immediately. But I've never heard of any car modification mechanic who can do that, Queen said with a look of suspicion. Because I am the driver, Suchin replied solemnly. Queen star dream. Suchin did not want to say it. He just hadn't thought of a reason. Seeing that Suchin didn't want to talk about it, Queen didn't press him further, but she already had a vague idea in her mind. Since following Suchin, Suchin has shown many things that are different from other modifiers and drivers. For example, it can create very powerful modification cores. And these modification cores even have incredible special effects. Before installing that modified core, she had no idea she was so hydrated. Therefore, Queen strongly suspects that Suchin is a Star Emblem pilot who has awakened star energy. As for why starshine pilots are so different from ordinary people in terms of modifications, it can only be attributed to the various strange and wonderful abilities of Starshine pilots. Perhaps master's abilities are more inclined towards modification. Shing Ming didn't care about anything else and did whatever Suchin said. Wow, so the combination of a mada and a driver has such amazing abilities. She put on a serious face. Her two cat ears standing up straight. Moss, don't worry. Shing Ming will definitely keep it a secret for you. She won't tell anyone except Queen. The queen covered her mouth and chuckled. Didn't she already know? Suchin pinched Chings soft cheeks. He loved Ching Mings innocent nature. On the third use of the intermediate star element, when the progress bar reached 80%, Suchin clearly saw a holy mark slot generated on Shing Mings waist. Nothing unexpected happened afterward. Shing Ming was promoted to a rank Mecca girl and successfully awakened a stigma slot. The current attributes of Shingan are, speed 77, curves 76, stable 44, burst 50, battery life 61. This performance panel is quite unique among Mecha girls. With balanced speed and cornering ability, she is completely different from any other star power mecha girl. Star Dreams strengths lie in its ability to both generate explosive growth and maintain stability. The former is compensated for by the nitrous oxide acceleration system, while the latter can be avoided simply by avoiding collisions and strong terrain impacts on the track. As a Mecca girl with the radiant attribute as her star emblem, Star Dream is like a blank sheet of paper able to grow freely with the modification core applied by Suchin. There won't be a situation like queens where excessive enhancements to performance beyond burst damage and speed cause a strong rejection reaction. Therefore, for modders in this world who want to modify hexagonal mecha girls, the radiant star emblem mecha girl is a perfect template. However, the Mecca girls with the radiant star emblem are almost never recognized by these major clubs. This has led to the complete decline of Mecca girls with star power attributes in competitions. Most of the Star Guardian Mecca girls are destined to be tied to logistics and healing from the very beginning. So far, Suchin hasn't seen a second radiant star emblem mecha girl on the track. Just as various thoughts were churning in Such Chen's mind, the door to the modification room opened. Noah walked out with a radiant face. She looked Shing Ming up and down, and a hint of surprise immediately appeared in her eyes. What the hell? What did I say before? She glanced smuggly at Suchin. I told you I blessed Shing Ming, didn't I? Any Mecca girl I bless will have a much higher success rate in awakening the star stigmata. See Shing Ming awakened successfully, didn't she? You should thank me. Suchin gave him a Whatever makes you happy. Look and nodded. Yes, thank you. Hey. Hey. Noah was very happy that Starard Dream was able to successfully awaken the starry stigmata. Due to her physical limitations, she was unable to be a pilot and therefore could not contract with Mecca Girls. However, she had already had her fill of being a master with Shing. Su Chin, how's the modification shop doing lately? Have you been squeezed out by those three surrounding shops? Norah smiled mischievously. Just call me good sister and I'll back you up. I guarantee those three bosses won't dare utter a sound. Uh Suchin felt a little guilty thinking about how the shop Noah had given him had become battle damaged. He quickly waved his hand and said, "The modification shop is doing quite well lately. I get along very well with the other three shop managers. We help each other, are harmonious and friendly, and work together to create a good business environment. There's no need for you to go and see it yourself, is there?" Noah tilted her head and looked at Suchin. His human machine-like remarks were hard not to find suspicious. What exactly is Suchin hiding? Um, I also need to take Queen to receive the blessing of the star god. Do you know where there are any private training grounds? I want to train Shing Mang and Queen a bit. Suchin felt a little uncomfortable under Noah's gaze, so he quickly changed the subject. There's a training ground. Noah handed Suchin a business card. Here, this is the boss's phone number. Business isn't great there, so appointments aren't really necessary, but it's very private. Even if you're doing something shameless with the Mecca girls inside, no one will bother you. He he such silently took half a step back. Is he the kind of person who is not serious? Besides, why would you do something indecent with a Mecca girl in the training ground? Why not a private cinema? Why not a couple's hotel? Why not go deeper into the park at night? The training ground is so strange. So, it must be that Norah's thinking is problematic. Looking at the mischievous grin on Norah's face, he felt as if he saw the soul of a pervert beneath her cute appearance. Thanks for the recommendation. He put away the business card and left the modification room with Queen and Star Dream. Noah glanced at Such Chin and the two Mecca girls backs and her eyes darted around. They won't let me go to the car modification shop. There's definitely something fishy going on. She originally didn't want to make such a long trip, but now I have no choice but to go. He chapter 186. Nokia's training ground. Gino's training ground. Yes, it's a very downto-earth name for the training ground. It sounds like the kind of place where there won't be any business for a year or two. However, this training ground was near the K city machine protection association and he happened to be taking queen to receive the blessing of the star god on his way. So, he went to the training ground to practice. The machine maintenance association in K city wasn't as welcoming as the one in Bingjo city. Perhaps because they changed the MC. The MC for this machine insurance association was an expressionless woman whose words and actions always gave people a sense of menopausal beauty. A formulaic face, a formulaic introduction, and a formulaic idiotic guide. After the star god's blessing was formalized, Queen's attributes were further enhanced. Speed 85, curves 67, stability 65, burst 95, battery life 54. All I can say is that apart from the battery life being a serious weakness, its other performance aspects are simply beyond the norm, exceeding expectations to an extreme degree. Of course, all of this is inseparable from his generous sharing of knowledge and Queen's own great talent. With such extreme burst performance, even S-class Thunderstar emblem mecha girls might not be able to possess it. Woo dash. That voice again. It's like that feeling of being unable to break down on your own, unable to relieve the embarrassment in your heart, and only able to wail in helpless rage. Adding stomping your feet completes the perfect accompaniment. "Queen, are you feeling unwell?" Suchin asked, looking at Queen, who was walking behind him with her head down. After leaving the machine protection association, the female machine operator's expression became a bit strange, especially the way she looked at him, which was somewhat eerie. No, dear master. Queen looked up, a sweet smile on her face. Thanks to you, I feel perfectly comfortable. Don't worry about me. Is that so? Suchin hesitated. He even suspected that Queen's memories had fully returned and she had remembered everything that had happened before. But the first thing Queen would do if she regained all her memories would be to put a cleaver to his neck. She would never show him that kind of smile. He speculated that Queen must have regained some memories through the blessing of the star god, but it has not fully recovered yet. This is good. It's a gradual process. Otherwise, it would have a negative impact on the physical and mental health of both parties. Unsure of Queen's thoughts, Suchin decided to act as if nothing had happened and observed the situation. He then turned around and took Shings hand to cross the street. Behind her, Queen's face was a bright red under the traffic light. She clutched the crumpled hem of her clothes, biting her lower lip, and followed closely behind. Once she reached the other side of the road, she finally took a deep breath and looked up. The afternoon breeze ruffled her long hair, revealing her fleshed earlobes. Her jet black hair fell down, and the blush on her cheeks shily hid within, making it difficult to notice. Gino's training ground. Suchin carefully compared the addresses on the business cards. I've confirmed that this battle damaged gate, which looks just like a junkyard, is the place Noah recommended. He had initially been looking forward to this place, but the moment he saw the gate, he suddenly felt an urge to turn back. A small brown dog, which appeared to be a shaved poodle, was tied to the door. Upon seeing Su Chin and the others approach, the dog showed no intention of barking or showing its teeth. It simply tucked its tail between its legs and hid in a corner. In the drainage ditch by the door, a group of rats scured along a path made of fallen leaves and old newspapers. The modeled walls were covered with various advertisements, and there was even a wanted poster for a dangerous Mecca girl. The air was filled with the aroma of savory pancakes from the street corner next door, which became even stronger with the breeze. Ma Mas, are we really going to train here? Shing Ming clung tightly to Such Chen's arm, her pupils trembling. This place. This place looks like the legendary haunted house. Meow. Hino has never been to a haunted house in an amusement park. And besides, Mecca Girls aren't allowed to enter haunted houses. Because of the Mecca Girls extremely high combat power, she is very likely to send the staff in the haunted house to their deaths on the spot when she gets frightened. This situation will not trigger the Mecca girl's thought imprint. Hello, welcome to the Gino training ground. A sweet voice rang out, instantly dispelling Shing Mings tension and fear. They're Mecca girls. Shing Ming looked in the direction from which the sound came. From the window of what appeared to be the security office, they saw a doll-like, exquisitly designed Mecca girl waving at them. A ray of sunlight pierced through the city's modeled walls and fell on her hair, making her already pale golden curls look like silk woven from sunlight. It's okay if they're Mecca girls. Mecca girls are the most wonderful beings. Shing Ming wagged her tail and approached like a friendly little dog. Suchin followed and noticed that the Mecca girl had the same warning collar around her neck as Queen before. This means that this is a Mecca girl that cannot be started normally. If the pilot insists on starting it, they will bear all the risks themselves. The small room was simply furnished. There was a table, a cabinet, and next to the cabinet was a small bed with clothes that looked like they had just been washed piled on it. There was a somewhat disheveled looking man on the recliner behind the Mecca girl. He looked quite young. His unshaven beard, however, made him look older. However, the small room was very tidy. A business license hangs on the wall, and you can vaguely see several dusty trophies sitting in the shadows of a cabinet. a pilot with a story. He gave up competitive racing due to some accidents and opened this inconspicuous training ground in a corner of the city with his mecha girl. It is estimated that the training grounds revenue depends entirely on the patronage of regular customers and referrals from people like him. Based on everything he saw, Suchin drew this simple conclusion. Free training costs 100 yuan per hour, 1,000 yuan for a full day, and 500 yuan for an overnight session. The man opened one eye and quickly scanned Such Chin, Shing Ming, and Queen before immediately closing it again. If guidance is needed, the price will double. If you need me to pilot a Mecca girl for training and guidance, the price will be tripled from the original price." The man shut up after he finished speaking. The only sound in the small house was the creaking of the old electric fan slowly turning its head. Suchin glanced at the porcelain doll like Mecca girl who was holding hands with Shing Ming and they seem to have become good friends. Wow, your ears are so cute. Can I touch them? I can pet you. Meow. You are so cute. Meow. Your hair is so pretty. Shing Ming and the Mecca girl were exchanging compliments. He looked away somewhat puzzled. Since this Mecca girl can no longer be started, why did the man say that he could still pilot her for training? However, he wasn't one to meddle and he didn't know much about the person in front of him. Adhering to the principle of the less trouble, the better, he chose the cheapest package. Free training until 6:00 in the evening, Suchin picked up his phone and checked the time. About 3 hours. 3 hours. That should be enough for Star Dream to adapt to the effects of the nitrous oxide acceleration core. There are only five chances in total. If you can't adapt, you can always try again tomorrow. Chapter 187. Nitrogen Acceleration. Suchin brought Shing to the training ground. The training ground looks quite dilapidated from the outside, but it's surprisingly nice inside. The track, which is 1,000 m long, has no special terrain, but all the basic facilities are complete, and the surface is flat and without cracks. Suchin had Queen check around, but they didn't find any cameras in the training ground. Next to the track, there are small rooms for resting, which are similar to hotel suites where you can wash up, use the toilet, sleep, and stay overnight. This must be the place Noah mentioned where you can do shameless things with Mecca girls. Stardream, come on. Let's enter unfolding mode. Okay, meow. Shing Ming nodded obediently and unfolded the car body, eager to try out the new modification core. Queen found a chair by the track, sat down, rested her chin on her hands, and felt a sense of apprehension and resentment. The modification core that Suchin made is very powerful. That much can be confirmed. But she didn't think this modified core would change her mind. After all, that continuous feeling was too embarrassing, and she was also a Mecca girl with a rather sensitive body. H. Let's see just how awesome this modification core really is. Queen pouted, looking unconvinced. Suchin settled into the cockpit of Shing. It's almost 35° C in K City during the day. We used to have to endure temperatures like that, but now he said directly to Shing Ming. Turn on the cooling refrigeration. Shing Ming blinked in confusion. Ma Mas, do I really have this kind of function? It wasn't there before, but it is now. Suchin pinched Shings belief and reminded her. It comes with the modification core. You are in the unfolded state now. If you feel the modification core, you should be able to access the new function. Shing tried it with some skepticism, but found that it actually worked. The newly solidified Blazing Flame 2.0 modification core can regulate the temperature inside the car, and she immediately turned on the cooling as Suchin requested. However, this type of cooling is quite different from air conditioning cooling. The temperature inside the cockpit of the Mecca girl is directly related to the Mecca girl's body temperature. Therefore, the feedback to Suchin was that Shimings body temperature dropped by 5° and the temperature in the cockpit also dropped accordingly. Compared to air conditioning, this feeling of being enveloped in cool, refreshing air is significantly more comfortable. It made him feel a little drowsy. Wow, this is amazing. Hinos excited voice rang out from the front, but quickly followed up with a slightly confused "Wow, I I need to pee." "Suchin, huh? I I don't know why either." Meow. Ching Ning said, blushing and embarrassed. But I started feeling this after turning on the cooling system. "It's building up little by little, but I can still bear with it for now." "Meow." "Oh," Such Chan understood. It's like the urge to urinate rising, so it's not a big problem. Just bear with it. At worst, you can deal with it after you finish running. Star dream. Let's try combining launch start and nitro boost. Suchin narrowed his eyes slightly and piloted the Star Dream into the starting line. Launching the car and then using nitro boost is a very useful combination. Generally, you should launch the car first and then use nitro boost. This is equivalent to having one more chance to launch than other competitors. In races with interval starts, they are mainly used to save time and their effectiveness is limited. However, it gets interesting in races where contestants start in parallel. Two launches almost guarantee securing the optimal route. In these parallel start races, securing the optimal route is equivalent to gaining an advantage, allowing a contestant to maintain a long-term lead even if their speed is inferior to the opposing Mecca. If the opponent wants to take the lead, they must find a way to overtake. But the one that overtakes is always the one that is passive. This is yet another psychological and technical battle. As we all know, game theory requires time to study the techniques, but there's not that much time to waste during a match. Moreover, if they are less skilled, they might suffer a crushing defeat because the other side seizes the advantageous route, and the Mecha Girls performance cannot be fully utilized. Suchin shifted the gear to first gear, feeling the subtle contact between the clutch pressure plate and the friction plate, and pressed the clutch to the semi-engaged position. The engine of the Star Dream roared, maintaining a mid to high speed. The air blast swirling between the tires sent dust flying wildly across the track, swirling and twisting with the air and the surging heat. Are you ready, Star Dream? Suchin took a deep breath, still a little nervous about the nitrogen injection system. Meow. Shing Ming stared intently ahead with a tense expression. It was hard to tell whether she was equally nervous or suppressing the urge to drain water. Suchin counted down in his mind and at the same time he transmitted the countdown to Shing Ming through the mental connection. 3 2 1 The instant it fell. Such Chin pressed the accelerator to 70% and release the clutch. When the clutch is in a semi-engaged state, the temperature of the friction plates instantly soarses to over 200° C. A violent torque finally broke free from its restraints and surged into the four tires of the star dream along the drive shaft. Boom! The previously suppressed engine roar turned into a high-pitched towel. Two pale plumes of smoke rose from the starting line, and a Star Dreams body shot off like an arrow. Queen's eyes gleamed with admiration as she watched the near-perfect launch. Experiencing Such Chen's superb skills firsthand as a Mecca girl or appreciating them objectively from an outsers's perspective are two completely different experiences. Regardless of the feeling, Such Chen's driving was pleasing to the eye and flawless. But didn't Master say that the new modification technology has new functions? The launch start seems to be the same as before. There's no change. Just as Queen was thinking this, Such Chin also gave Shiming the command to accelerate with nitrogen. Boom! Dash! With a deep roar from the engine. The four exhaust pipes at the rear of the Star Dream car instantly spewed out flames that were blue and red. At that moment, the Star Dreams car suddenly surged forward, increasing its speed by a significant amount. She had already reached her peak speed, but she still increased it by 25%. for Such Chin in the cockpit. The moment the nitrous oxide acceleration was activated, he felt as if he had been slammed into his chair by a tremendous force. Shing let out a cry of surprise, clearly startled by the sudden acceleration. The queen has the most direct view of the scene. She stared blankly at Shing Ming speeding along the track, speechless. Just what happened? When the machine girl's engine reaches its maximum speed, the exhaust pipe will indeed spew out high temperature flames. But Shing Mings situation was completely different. She had clearly reached her peak speed, but then accelerated a second time from there. This abnormal acceleration lasted for a full 10 seconds. Later, Such Chin took Shing to try driving in a straight line with Nitro Boost and using Nitro Boost to forcefully correct the direction of the car when cornering at the limit. As for jumping and landing with Nitro Boost, they could not try it because there was no training track for jumping in this training ground. However, Suchin felt that there shouldn't be any problems. The nitro boost during jumps and the nitro boost upon landing will only make his maneuvers easier. It's simply a matter of calculating the distance of the jump to avoid jumping too far and crashing into the guardrail on the opposite track. The current peak speed of the Star Dream has reached 295 kmh and with nitrous oxide acceleration, the peak speed can reach about 370 km per hour. It's worth noting that Queen's peak speed is currently only 325 kmh. Queen has been able to almost completely dominate other drivers in terms of speed during the provincial qualifiers. This demonstrates just how terrifyingly powerful the nitrogen acceleration system is in enhancing Shing's speed and explosiveness. In one race, five nitro boosts, a full 50 seconds of acceleration time, are enough to change a lot of things. Squeak. After running two laps, Suchin used a drift to bring Shing Ming to a steady stop in front of Queen. He rolled down the car window and looked at the girl sitting by the track, looking somewhat dazed with a half smile. "How about it, Queen? Is my modified core powerful enough?" Queen snapped out of her days and seeing the mischievousness and provocation in Such Chen's eyes, asked incredulously, "Was Star Dreams second acceleration just now a feature brought about by the newly modified core?" "That's right." Suchin nodded. Queen took a deep breath. "How many times can it be used in one match?" "Five times," Suchin replied. "Approximately, how much does the speed increase each time?" 20% to 25%. How long will it last? 10 seconds. Suchin smiled and answered crisply. The queen remained silent. After a while, she stood up. As if she had made a tremendous decision. She walked to the window of Shing Mings car. Grasping Su Chens hand that was hanging by the window. She said with eager eyes, "Master, I want it." Chapter 188. Not afraid anymore. Aren't you afraid of the side effects? The queen shook her head calmly. What if the side effects occur? The queen stared at Suchin for a while, a mischievous smile playing on her lips. Without saying a word, she picked up a glass of water and handed it to Suchin. Suchin, you mustn't tell. You really mustn't tell. Some races have very long courses, so drivers can only bring one bottle of water to the race. If there's really no water, we'll just have to tough it out. But if Queen is willing. Faced with Queen's provocative and smug gaze, Such Chen's mind was already filled with all sorts of outrageous ideas. He originally wanted to tone it down, but the arrogance on Queen's face was just too glaring. Instinctively, he didn't want Queen to be so arrogant, so he could only nod without hesitation. Okay, I can drink. Queen stared at Su Chen's serious face and suddenly froze. Then her pretty face turned red at a visible speed. You master, you actually agreed. You're a pervert. She took three steps back, her eyes filled with obvious panic and disgust. You said it yourself, Suchin said without batting an eye, speaking with complete confidence. Even if I said it myself, do you think you as a master can just agree to it so easily? The queen didn't dare to even think about that scene. She felt her face burning and her mind spinning. "I am a qualified pilot," Suchin said seriously. "A qualified pilot must agree to all kinds of reasonable or unreasonable requests from the Mecca girls." The queen couldn't hold back any longer. "Then if I tell you to go to the bathroom to eat, will you go or not? I'm not going." Such Chen's face remained serious and solemn. Didn't you say you'd grant the Mecca girl any request? I want to have fresh breath when I talk to you. Do you want to sleep with my breath smelling like I've been through a lot? The queen remained silent. Yes, she's been sleeping in Such Chin and Shing Mangs beds lately. It's embarrassing, but if I suddenly stop going to sleep, people will definitely suspect something, right? Then Suchin would bring up all the things that had happened before and all the things she had said. Then what's the point of her living? I might as well find a rework center and get it done. Anyway, Queen thought for a moment, then said awkwardly, I I was just joking. Don't mention this again. Okay. Suchin nodded, then shook his head. But I heard there are some extremely hot and long desert tracks in the future, and none of the drivers have enough bottled water. In such extreme situations, would you lend me a hand? Didn't I say you weren't allowed to mention it? Queen covered her face with her hands. She was about to explode. I didn't mention it, Suchin said calmly. I just want to know if you value my life. Queen was both embarrassed and angry and stomped her feet in frustration. It seems you don't want to give me any. Suchin sighed sadly and turned to ask Shing. Shing Ming, if I were in that situation and I was dying of thirst, would you give me water to drink? Shing Ming was completely confused and had no idea what Such Chan and Queen were talking about. It seems they're discussing whether Queen will provide Moss with enough drinking water for the competition. Isn't this provided by the competition organizers? If all else fails, just buy your own. She has a lot of secret savings now. enough to buy water for Masta without any hesitation. However, she understood Such Chen's question and immediately nodded without hesitation. Of course, Meow. No matter when or where, Shing Ming will protect Mas's life at the first opportunity. As long as Moss needs it, Shing Ming will give it all to Moss. Did you hear that? Suchin looked at Queen again. They are all contracted Mecca girls. As expected, there are differences between Mecca girls. The queen was both embarrassed and annoyed by the faint seriousness and sadness on Suchin's face. She was 80% certain that Suchin did it on purpose. What does that silly kid Sheim know? She stared intently at Suchin, almost gritting her teeth. Fine, fine. I'm willing to. Really? Suchin looked overjoyed, and the sadness on his face vanished instantly. Of course, it's true. Queen let out a soft breath. her tense body gradually relaxing. It seems that since these words have already been said, nothing else matters anymore. She could even greet Suchin with a smile with a voice gentle to the core, her breath sweet as orchids. I will definitely save Master when the time comes. I will save him decisively. Suchin looked at Queen, who was smiling dangerously and felt a chill run down his spine. Did the joke go a little too far? Could it be that in the future? No, that's something only a queen with her memories restored would do. Queen's memories haven't fully returned yet, so he can still take this opportunity to be mischievous. Um, that must be it. Everything was still under Sue's control. He chapter 189. Hope Moss, I need to pee. Shing Ming stood awkwardly in front of Suchin, her face flushed. Judging from the way she clenched her legs together, she was clearly feeling very uncomfortable. "Go ahead." Suchin patted Shings head and pointed out the location of the toilet. Watching Shing run wildly, Suchin couldn't help but smile. Star Dream demonstrates strong adaptability to the brand new nitrogen acceleration system. He originally thought that 3 hours would not be enough for Shing to adapt to the nitrogen acceleration system. But the truth is that Shing had already fully adapted from the second nitro boost onwards. Furthermore, she would actively adjust her vehicle's posture in conjunction with the nitro boosts, subconsciously maximizing the effect of the nitro boost. Who says Shing is stupid? She's clearly very talented. It can only be said that Wong Ting simply doesn't understand Shing Ming. After a long while, Shing finally came out of the toilet with a flushed face. Queen watched Shing Ming carefully adjusting her dress with a complicated expression, then turned to stare at Such Chin. Hey, Master Su, is there any way to remove the special effect of this modification core? Seriously, suddenly needing to go to the toilet during the competition would probably seriously affect my performance. The effect cannot be eliminated for the time being. Suchin shook his head. Increasing the efficiency of the combustion chamber means producing a large amount of water. The only thing I can think of is to mitigate this effect and utilize some of the water. He stroked his chin, pondering for a moment. For example, adding a water electrolysis system to decompose water into hydrogen and oxygen. The oxygen can be recycled into the combustion chamber. As for the hydrogen, storing it or directly venting it is too dangerous. I don't have a perfect idea for this system yet. Under Queen's bewildered gaze, Suchin patted her shoulder very seriously and comforted her. However, your suggestion has given me a lot of ideas. I will take some time to study it when I get back and see if it can achieve the effect you want. Until then, you and Shing Ming should just bear with it. The queen stared blankly at Suchin. She did you offer any suggestions? She just felt that this special effect affected the game. How could Suchin suddenly come up with so many strange things? Electrolysis of water, separation of hydrogen and oxygen. Is this the oppressive feeling of a modification genius? Looking at Such Chen's handsome face and confident eyes, Queen felt as if she had been scorched by the sunlight and looked away uncomfortably. When you set aside shamelessness and cowardice, Suchin is quite handsome, isn't he? It looks especially cool when it's been seriously modified. Let's just forgive his outrageous joke for now. Today's training has come to a successful conclusion. Let's go home. Suchin breathed a sigh of relief when he saw that queen wasn't dwelling on the previous topic. Good heavens, I almost got away with it. Otherwise, even if the queen were to raise her faith and offer him the drink, he wouldn't be able to bring himself to drink it. A few words are enough. If queen fully regains her memories, then well talk about that later. Meow. Time to go home. Meow. Shing Ming held up her phone to show Suchin. Hey, Shing Ming made a new friend today. The training ground owner's Mecca girl. Her name is Chunghai and she's a very pretty lady, but her vehicle seems to have some problems. Although she can drive it, she can't finish the race and I don't know why. Can you drive but not finish the race? Suchin narrowed his eyes. He recalled glancing at the performance of the Mecca girl in Shanghai earlier. All performance aspects are normal except for the battery life, which is only 10 seconds. It seems that's the problem. The reason for wearing the malfunctioning collar is because of this. It's not that they can't drive, but that they can only run on the training ground. No wonder the owner, Gino, would provide a price list for sparring partners. This boss and Shung Hai are really good at sparring. However, the time available for practice sessions is estimated to be very limited. Shing Ming glanced at Suchin cautiously, and seeing that Suchin was frowning and seemed unhappy, she swallowed back the words she was about to say. She felt sorry for Chung Hai. It must be so painful for such a bright and cheerful Mecca girl to be unable to compete on the racetrack. She had a blind adoration for Suchin. Since Moss can restart Queen, he should be able to save Chiong Hai too, right? But she didn't want to cause trouble for Suchin Tion because of her own wishes. She saw that Suchin would grow white hair after the modification in the human world. Overwork will cause white hair. So for Moss, the seemingly simple modification process must have been extremely tiring. Furthermore, crafting the modification core requires various precious materials. Take for example the amazing nitrogen accelerated modification core she has now. Back then, in order to obtain rare materials, Masta gathered so many eccentric and intimidating old men to barely manage to collect them all. She wanted to help others. But his selfish desires were all for Suchin. She didn't want to burden Suchin with her own thoughts. If it's Masa, she'll definitely take the initiative to help Chunghai in the future. Ching Ming could only comfort herself with this thought. If all else fails, she could save up some money and use it to get Masta to help Chunghai. Shings simple mind doesn't contain much about human nature, good and evil, deceit, and treachery. Nor does it involve any exchange of benefits. She simply wanted to protect all that is beautiful. Whether it's Queen or Suchin by her side, they are both people she wants to protect. Just like before, when Such Chin carried her around frantically at the finish line of the race, desperately calling for help, Such Chin and the others left not long ago. Gino and Chong Hai inspected the training ground as usual. His training facilities are indeed average. Many training exercises, such as flying jumps and sand courses, are not available, but he only did what he could. Since it was just a road track, he maintained it well, cleaning off the dust and rubber scraps left by the Mecca girls after training every day to ensure the track was smooth and comfortable. He also had to inspect the speed measuring tapes and other infrastructure to prevent damage that would negatively impact the experience of the trainees. However, just as Gino reset the speedometer data to zero, he was shocked to see the data displayed on it. He rubbed his eyes, even wondering if he was seeing things. Master this. Chongghai stared wideeyed at the instantaneous speed of 370 km per hour on the speed measuring tape. Is this the result achieved by that radiant star spangled mecha girl? That Mecca girl looks cute and harmless. Chiong Hai simply couldn't reconcile such violent instantaneous speed with that adorable figure. Gino stared in disbelief at the cold data in the system, but quickly recovered. Even though he only glanced at it casually, he could still vaguely remember what the Mecca girl looked like. A catgirl specialized Mecca girl with cat ears. He originally thought the pilot was just bringing the female pilot along for a casual ride to get a feel for the place. Unexpectedly, someone he had been longing to see, arrived. Suchin, the most sought-after young driver right now. He possesses terrifying fundamentals and devilish skills. But these are not the main reasons why Gino wanted to see Suchin. The main reason is that Suchin also has a Mecca girl named Queen. Like Chong Hai, this Mecca girl was once a Mecca girl with a faulty collar forbidden from entering the racetrack. But less than half a month after Suchin took over Queen, this Mecca girl removed her collar and stepped onto the track, crushing all the racers with her kingly demeanor and ultimately tied the three starting groups to win the provincial qualifying championship. In other words, Suchin or someone close to Suchin has the ability to solve the malfunctions of the Mecca girls. Since it can fix Queen, that will allow us to restore Chong Hai. Gino stood up trembling with excitement. He didn't know where Suchin lived before. He didn't think Suchin would ever meet this down on his luck racer whose name he couldn't recall. But right now, Suchin is in K City. It seems they were referred by a regular customer. So, who was the introducer? Chapter 190. The Golden Razor. It's probably too late for us to chase after Suchin now, isn't it? Chino side. Chiong Hai gently shook her head and took Ginos hand. Master, whether it's too late or not, I don't want you to beg anyone else for my sake. But I don't want to see you spend your whole life running on the training track. Gino frowned deeply, his deep eyes beneath his tousled hair filled with a sense of dejection and self-reroach. He shouldn't have trusted the Black Knight voice group and entrusted Shung Hai to their modification team for modifications. When problems arose in Chiong Hai, he did not immediately terminate the modification plan. Instead, they chose to believe Chin Xan's promise, which led to Chiong Hai and his current predicament. After the malfunction was confirmed in Shiong Hai, Voice of the Night offered him substantial compensation, even offering to promote him to chief coach. They even said they would replace his computer with a modified Mecca girl, but he doesn't need any other Mecca girls outside of Chunghai. After a heated debate and rights protection efforts, he was eventually defeated by the power of the night voice group and brought Chiong Hai to K City to open this training ground with the remaining money. For a full 10 years, he searched for a way to cure Chiong Hai. He consulted many car modification mechanics and spent all his savings, but no one could solve Chong Hai's problem. Over the course of 10 years, Chiong Hai's memories gradually returned, and she stayed with him in this small training ground without complaint. Almost every night, he would wake up from nightmares filled with self-lame and guilt. When Suchin appeared in the competition with the repaired queen and won the championship, he was surprised. He wanted to take Chongghai to find Suchin immediately. But now that he's fallen on hard times, who can remember Gobilai the golden razor from 10 years ago? Over the course of 10 years, Gino experienced the full spectrum of human nature's harsh realities. He understood that strength and status were the true currencies of this era. With no money and no fame, he wasn't even qualified to talk to professional drivers. There is no kindness in the adult world, only the exchange of interests. What could he possibly offer to gain Such Chen's help? All that remained of his most precious possessions was Chong Hai. Excuse me, is Mr. Gino here? As the doorbell rang, a somewhat childish voice called out from outside. Gino glanced at the monitor and saw a driver who looked somewhat familiar on the screen. The driver looked very young, a boy, and quite cute, but he had a grumpy face. The Mecca girl next to her, well, her figure is a bit too good. She's very tall, and there's a stark contrast between her and the pilot next to her. The Mecca girl had a smiling face, giving off a very gentle feeling. Business was pretty good today. Gino shook his head with a sigh. If only business were this good every day. Maybe once I earn a million, I'll be qualified to visit that driver. Or maybe I can buy some information about the healing Mecca girls. Under Chung Hai's stern gaze, Gino chuckled, stopped muttering, and opened the electronically controlled door to let the guest in. Stop thinking about saving money again. Chung Hai pinched Ginos stubble covered chin, his porcelain doll-like face filled with seriousness and earnestness. Eat and drink properly everyday. Get your health back first, and we'll talk about the rest later. Otherwise, I'll run away from home for an hour like last time. Xung Hai was fully aware of Gino's weaknesses. I know what threats I can use to get Gino to eat properly. Otherwise, Gino would go back to the days when he ate nothing but steamed buns and rice sauce for every meal. She couldn't bear to see her driver suffer. Although she had indeed been hurt by Gino's decisions in the past, it couldn't be entirely Gino's fault. At the time, neither she nor Gino knew what it would be like to participate in the night voice modification project. Even when she received the notification, she thought it was a good thing and was eager to participate. When everyone around you agrees that something is correct, it's inherently difficult for those in power to see things clearly. No way. I was wrong. I promise you, I'll eat properly. Gino quickly held up four fingers to assure him. Excuse me, are you Mr. Gino. Hearing the sound outside the window, Gino immediately reverted to his usual and different demeanor and glanced at the boy outside. It looks really familiar. Who was it again? Do you need training? The price list is on the wooden sign. Take a look yourself. The driver and Mecca girl who came to this training ground were Suche and Funhi. Such glanced at the Mecca girl who was curiously observing him and Funhi from the window, then looked at the disheveled man and hesitated. Could this person be the expert recommended by Mr. James? A top coach hailed as the golden razor. It doesn't look like it, but the address is correct, isn't it? I'm not here for training. He handed a letter of recommendation to the window, saying with a try it out attitude. I've heard that you were the most talented coach of Golden Razor Voice of the Night back in the day. I would like to learn techniques from you. I know that a driver's skills are very important to the driver and they won't just teach them to others, but I really have no other choice. Such took a deep breath, his voice trembling. He glanced at Funghi beside him, his worry and fear showing no trace of pretense. If I can't achieve good results in the next competition, my brother might make sure that my Mecca girl and I can never go on the track again. After speaking, Suche bowed deeply to Gino. He now only pleads that James's letter of introduction will actually work and get this hidden master out of the city. Chapter 191. James's favor, Golden Razor. It's been a long time since anyone called him that. Back then this name was almost famous throughout Behigh City. At that time he was at the height of his fame. Not only a very famous driver but also a gold medal coach who trained two people to win five consecutive provincial qualifying championships. The reason he didn't continue as a frontline driver was because Chong Hai's performance couldn't keep up with the T1 team's requirements. However, he didn't want to replace Chong Hai because of this. He was thinking of leaving Black Knight Voice T1 and joining Black Knight Voice T2 or T3 to continue pursuing his racing dream once Chong Hai's performance was up to par. So, he stepped down to the second line and became a coach. Because Chung Hai's car body is like gold, it looks like a sharpened golden blade in the sunlight. Coupled with his superb overtaking skills, it gradually earned the nickname golden razor. Master, stop reminiscing about the past. Xiong Hai nudged Gino's arm and muttered softly. They're still waiting. Gino snapped out of his revery. He opened the letter, somewhat curious about who the recommener was. He did know many celebrities during his prime, but after being repeatedly turned down when he sought help during his downfall, he gradually gave up on seeking any support from his former network of acquaintances. Perhaps someone is willing to help him, but he was too ashamed to ask for help. In a society based on personal connections, he couldn't offer the kind of favors that others valued. However, this letter might be an opportunity. Open the envelope. The signature made Gino frown. James. 10 years ago, when he was still the coach of Nightvoice, James wasn't yet the chief modifier for the Night Voice team. However, James was already an S-class modifier back then. He met James at a party organized by the voice of the night. He also invited James to work at night voice at the time. James only said he would think about it. Later, Jung Hai ran into problems and for 10 years he traveled around seeking help everywhere. When he thought of James, James was already the leader of the night team. He naturally failed to see James being stopped at the door by the night voice security team. Furthermore, since James is the modifier for Knight's Voice, he will definitely comply with Knight's Voic's violent modification plan. In that case, it would be useless to ask James about Chung Hai's problems. He therefore lost his goodwill towards James. Gino's gaze shifted to the beginning of the letter. His first words stunned him. Long time no see, Mr. Gino. I know you may have something to say about my identity. So, let me be clear from the start. I have resigned from Night Voice and now run my own custom shop. This statement instantly have Genobiliz hostility towards James. So, LeBron James has already resigned. The salary of Knights chief modifier must be very attractive. Why did you resign? The answer is given in the next sentence. Damn it, that [ __ ] Xian oppresses this old man every day. You have no idea how stifled I am, so I quit. Whoever wants this chief modification engineer position can have it. It only takes a single word to go from gentleman to thug. Gino's lips twitch slightly. James is still the same as always. He appears elegant on the surface, but is actually a scourge on his body. To make a long story short, I have a bet with another modification master. I need to train a powerful driver. I'll take care of the core modification of his mecha girl, but I really don't have much experience in driving skills. That's why I thought of you, hoping you could teach him some techniques and track experience. I've inquired about your situation over the years, and regardless of whether you need help or not, consider this a favor I owe you. Consider it an obligation. It might sound a bit arrogant for someone else to say something like that, but there's absolutely nothing wrong with James saying that. A favor from an S-class modifier is something money can't buy. The key point is that he really needs James's favor right now since James has already left the voice of the night. So, it shouldn't be a problem to have James help contact Suchin, right? As for how to get Suchin or someone behind Suchin to treat Chong Hai, he'd have to see Suchin first. He'd agree to whatever the other party asked. Such the chief of T3 at Star Crown Club. Gino put down the envelope and glanced at the boy who was standing obediently outside the window. Is Suin that idiot your brother? Such nodded blankly. This uncle said his brother is a complete idiot. Isn't that a bit arrogant? After all, his brother and the Star Crown Club T1 team had won a top three finish in the provincial competition and were now aiming for the national championship. Last time Sulin held a meeting, he said he would lead the Star Crown Club T1 team to challenge for the national championship and that he had already prepared various tactics to deal with other teams. That sounds quite impressive. Come with me. Gino opened the door of the cabin and waved to Sue Shay. I am Gino, the golden razor you speak of. He paused slightly, turned to look at the somewhat nervousl looking boy, and said seriously, I've accepted James's request. There's less than a month until the provincial qualifiers, so time is tight, and the task is heavy. There is one thing I need you to remember and do exactly that." Such held his breath and stared at the man in front of him. He couldn't understand how a person's temperament could change so dramatically in an instant. Those eyes hidden behind the stray hairs which had been filled with dejection and weariness opened slightly like a rusty sword suddenly sharpening. If you want to learn technology from me, you have to let go of everything you've learned before and all the concepts you currently believe in, including reshaping your driving habits. What those people teach you may not be correct. What I teach you may not be entirely correct, but it's definitely better than what they say. Gino's voice was icy. From now on, you will undergo the most rigorous training, and you must train according to my plan. If you show the slightest resistance, you will lose the opportunity to learn from me. I was being stared at by those sharp eyes. Suchin nodded subconsciously. He was supposed to be a troublemaker, but it felt like he had returned to his school days. His home room teacher, who was strict with him back then, had the same look in his eyes as Gino. At the same time, a sense of peace welled up in my heart because he saw confidence in the man's eyes. Being strict is good, but being confident is even better. The stricter you are, the more confident you are, which means the person in front of you is more capable. Perhaps he can truly be transformed here. Teacher Suche bowed deeply to Gino. The golden razor of yester year truly deserves this honorific title. Chapter 192. The assessment. There's another advantage to temporarily taming James, this old man. That is another chance to be assessed as a modification engineer. Just like the opportunities Chin Xen offered, there was an assessment every month. Suchin prepared briefly for a week and then went directly to the modification academy introduced by James to take the assessment. The assessment method is very simple. The first round is a written test which mainly assesses the modifier's modeling skills. Most of the questions provide a certain modification core or basic model and ask the modifier to reverse engineer the basic modules, data matrices and data nodes. These are almost all questions that can be solved by wrote memorization. A slightly groundbreaking question was to ask the examiners to propose a modification core that does not currently exist. But this question is only worth five points. Moreover, all that is required is to propose an idea. There is no need to provide a specific reasoning process or any explanation of whether such a modification of the core is feasible. Suchin directly provided a turbocharged solution. Since no data was required, the modification technician grading the papers probably wouldn't care about a five-point question. As long as it wasn't too outrageous, everyone should get full marks on this question. The written exam lasted 2 hours and Suchin finished in half an hour. He continued to participate in the next exam amidst the disdainful gazes of a group of modifiers. Customizers in this world also know the importance of not just talking about it on paper. So the second test is a practical test. As long as you can craft a blue quality modification core, you pass. The ability to create blue quality modification cores is the standard for sea level modifiers. The exam lasts 72 hours and each modifier who participates in the exam has a separate cabin. The cabin will contain 10 portions of ingredients which can be refilled indefinitely for 72 hours. When Suchin arrived, the assessment room was already almost full. Many of the modifiers taking the exam didn't come today. Quite a few came the day before yesterday. There were still one or two hours left before the exam ended, but many still hadn't managed to craft a blue modification core. There were many candidates like this. Candidates who leave early are not necessarily qualified. Some give up after using up a dozen or 20 sets of materials. After all, exams aren't charities. Every piece of material costs money. These materials are not cheap for D-LE modifiers. If they don't stop, the cost of the exams alone could bankrupt them. The air was filled with the smell of leftover food mixed with stinky feet. Suchin frowned as he followed the proctor into his small room, thinking to himself that he should hurry up and finish before leaving. This is your examination room. The proctor's face was expressionless, and his voice was indifferent. The first 10 documents cost 50,000 yuan. Starting with the 11th document, the government subsidy will be discontinued, and the market price of 80,000 yuan will be reinstated. The examination will last 72 hours. Good luck. After she finished speaking, she closed the door. Suchin looked at the smelly socks on the ground and the lunch boxes that hadn't been taken away yet with a serious expression. He didn't blame the proctor for his unpleasant expression. In that kind of working environment, no one would be in a good mood if they stayed there all day. He didn't even dare to sit in the chair, afraid that he would pick up some smell and be disliked by Shing Ming and Queen when he went out. I was originally planning to give it a try. Suchin sighed. His original plan was to sleep for 2 hours before entering the exam room and then casually create a blue modified core to complete the task. But the current situation is a warning to him. Anyone who dares to stay here for more than half an hour can expect to be smoked into a bacon. Excuse me, fellow test takers. Suchin clasped his hands together, his face full of piety. Then I just picked up a random set of materials and started crafting the modification core at the same time. The examination room. This year's test takers are getting harder and harder to handle. Look at these answers. Even if they were easy points, they shouldn't be this ridiculous. A modifier slammed his fist on the table in anger. Look at this. Give the mecha girl a mortar modification core. bombard other contestants during the competition and say that offense is the best defense. Eliminate all opponents and the championship is within reach. And what about this? Giving the Mecca girl a wing modification core or a helicopter propeller so she can fly directly to the finish line. What about the competition rules then? A nearby modifier chuckled and reassured them. Isn't this a common occurrence? These are easy questions anyway. Let them answer however they want. But this can't be this outrageous. It's completely unrealistic, the modifier said indignantly, recalling how he had answered the question seriously during his exams back in the day. Don't think this question is just a freebie. In fact, if a candidate writes a constructive answer, these modification mechanics will take it seriously and may even take the candidate on as an apprentice. After all, in this era, innovation is more precious than anything else. Huh. This is a turbocharger. When the modifier saw the name, he felt that this thing was quite reliable. He continued reading. Turbocharging technology is a technique that uses the energy of exhaust gases from an engine to drive a turbine, compressing the intake air volume to increase engine power and torque. That's interesting. His eyes lit up. The world does have an automotive industry. However, due to the emergence of Mecca Girls, the industry's development has not been as rapid as before. Later, the Mecca Girls brought magnetic levitation technology. Cars and trams were gradually phased out. To make people's lives more convenient, car manufacturers set their sights on developing magnetic levitation technology, and studying car structures became the job of modifiers and modelers. However, there are only a few custom modifiers. Studying data matrices and data nodes on a regular basis and then studying car structures on top of that definitely doesn't provide enough energy. Furthermore, studying the latter doesn't improve the efficiency of manufacturing and modifying core components. So there's not much room for development in the field of car structures for modifiers. They crave innovation but lack the energy to actually innovate. This is the current dilemma faced by car modifiers. That's why so many tuners were amazed when the core technology for retractable rear wing modifications came out. The modification expert could understand the basic description of turbocharging. But what followed was a bit of a brain teaser. Core principle. The high temperature highpress exhaust gas from the engine drives the turbine to rotate. The turbine drives a compressor on the other side via a shaft which compresses more fresh air and sends it into the engine cylinders. More air means more fuel can be burned, resulting in stronger power output and relatively improved fuel economy. What else? Although some terms are not immediately understandable and require further study. For example, what is fuel economy? Do we need this thing? But the overall meaning is clear. I was watching it with great interest when suddenly there was nothing left. Where's the data matrix? Where are the data nodes? Is that all? The modifier was so angry that he scratched his beard. These test takers are so irresponsible. They come up with such brilliant ideas but don't provide any concrete reasoning or solid data. They're so lazy, so incredibly lazy. The other examiner next to him looks speechless. If the students are so outstanding, what's the point of having tutors? What answer? Let me see it too. The first examiner to look at Such Chen's paper immediately closed it and said with a stern face, What are you looking at? Quick, bring that student here. Chapter 193. Go tell him what you have to say. Suchin created a blue modified core in 10 seconds. It was a very ordinary quality for him, and he didn't take it seriously, just like a pre-made dish made by a modifier in this world. Even so, the chef's prepared dishes are still top-notch among other prepared dishes. After finishing modifying the core, he stood there stunned for another 5 minutes. I originally intended to wait until 10 minutes, but I just couldn't stand it anymore. It smelled too bad. So, he pressed the bell to hand in his paper. Ding-dong. Another examinee in the next room who had almost watched Suchin enter the cubicle subconsciously looked up. He looked at Suchin with a completely bewildered expression. No. Did this guy hand in his paper 5 minutes into the exam? It's a ghost. You can only press the bell to hand in your exam paper after you've crafted the modification core. Otherwise, pressing the bell randomly is a violation. If the examiner is in a bad mood, you might not be able to take the exam again for the next 3 years. The problem is in this stinky environment, the examiner is only in a good mood for the first three days of the exam week. After that, he starts to have a stern face. Without a doubt, the examiner is in a very bad mood right now. The examiner who brought Such Chin and had just caught his breath in the invigilation room when he heard the bell for submitting the papers. He was stunned for a moment and when he saw that it was Such Chen's cubicle number that had been pressed, his vision went black. There are always a few who don't believe in fate. She snorted coldly and walked towards Such Chen's cubicle with a dark face. You're handing in your paper. She stormed out the door, not even glancing at Suchin before berating him. Didn't you read the exam rules? You're not allowed to press the handin bell until you've crafted the modification core. Even if you're skipping the exam, you can't press it. Just leave the exam room quietly and someone will settle your material consumption. Now you violated the exam rules and I have the right to punish you. The examiner's voice abruptly stopped. Suchin raised the blue modified core in his hand even higher, almost touching the woman's face. Examiner, may I hand in my paper now? The examiner paused, glancing at the time on his phone. 10 minutes. He created a blue modified core in 10 minutes. That's so fast. Could it be a cheat device that was brought in beforehand? The examiner narrowed her eyes. It wasn't that she was deliberately targeting Such Chun, but rather that some candidates had indeed done the same thing before. After all, there are always one or two people who are fearless and full of opportunistic tricks. All materials provided for the exams are specially processed. Modelers will create encrypted nodes in the basic modules. And these encrypted nodes will not affect the functionality of the modified core. Similar to engraving special symbols on materials, these symbols are undetectable to test takers. The completed modified core will then bear these encrypted symbols, allowing examiners to directly determine whether a test taker has cheated by observing this detail. Let me see. The examiner took the blue modified core from Such Chen's hand, examined it carefully, and his expression changed slightly. This person really didn't cheat. It really only took 10 minutes to create the blue modification core using only one set of materials. Whether it was pure luck or just pure chance, this candidate certainly achieved a perfect score in both success rate and efficiency in this exam. Okay, you've passed the assessment. go back and wait for the written test results. The examiner gave Suchin a complicated look and signaled that Suchin could leave. The written test is the easiest. Nine out of 10 candidates who can craft a blue modification core will pass the written exam. Therefore, it is almost certain that Suchin will be promoted to a C-level modifier. That would be the same level as her, the examiner, as a car modification technician. But Suchin clearly looks so young. Sigh. It's true what they say. Comparisons are the thief of joy. Suchin breathed a sigh of relief, then held his breath. Finally, I'm about to escape this sea of suffering. He didn't want to breathe any more air here. That was a rape of his lungs and nose. He nodded slightly, his face tense, and walked out. However, as soon as he opened the door, he was blocked by three examiners. The three examiners were all old men and they seemed to be heading towards the examination room. One of the old men walked past Suchin, put his hands behind his back, and entered the examination room. He couldn't help but frown when he smelled the sour and rotten smell. Who is Such Chin? No one answered. Suchin was startled. Why was she looking for him? Could it be that there was something wrong with his written test? He felt a little guilty and moved away step by step. Who is Such Chin? Speak up. The old examiner looked around the examination room with sharp eyes. Still no one responded. He found it strange. Could it be that this examinee named Suchin didn't come to participate in the final exam? No way. How could a genius who can offer such brilliant insights not take the exam? It takes about 10 minutes to walk here from the written test. Enter the cubicle to take the test and quickly craft a blue modification core. So, there is only one answer left. The old examiner slowly turned around. At this moment, Suchin was still inching his way out. The thought of going back and being able to cuddle my soft, fragrant baby Shing Ming while sleeping and eat the delicious food Queen makes fills me with joy. Suddenly, someone patted my shoulder from behind. Excuse me, you must be Such Chin. Huh? No, I'm not. The examiner pointed to Such Chen's candidate badge on his chest and said, enunciating each word clearly, "Such Chin, candidate number 2169072." "Suchin?" "All right, I am Suchin." He looked at the old man in front of him and said helplessly. Is there anything I can help you with? I didn't cheat. I know you didn't cheat. The old man raised his chin and said arrogantly. Let's get to know each other again. I am Mueea, an A-level modifier. I think you are very talented and have great ideas in modification and innovation. You are a promising talent worth nurturing. So, I'm giving you the opportunity to become my apprentice. Huh? Such Chen's lips twitched. Is this how all car mechanics in this world take on apprentices? But James didn't seem that arrogant to him. What do you mean? Huh? This is your lucky break. The examination room was filled with the envious, jealous, and resentful whispers of the other candidates. But Suchin didn't feel honored at all. He just wanted to get rid of this trouble and go home as soon as possible. I'm only a C-level modifier right now and I'm not qualified to be an apprentice of an A-level modifier. I know my own limitations, so you should go back to where you came from. Suchin maintained basic politeness. However, Maade was showed no sign of giving up. Suchin's rejection was an insult to him, which made his face turn red. Do you realize you're turning down a huge opportunity for success? I don't know, Suchin said, shrugging. You're truly hopeless. I'll give you one more chance. Do you really want to refuse to become my apprentice? Believe it or not, I'll make sure you can't make a living as a car mechanic anymore. Suchin was getting a little annoyed. He did not answer the old man's question. He calmly took out his phone, slowly entered the number, and made a call. Here. After the call connected, Suchin handed the phone to the examiner. You can tell him what you need to say. Chapter 194. The spokesperson for Hot Sauce. I'm sorry, Master James. I didn't know he was your disciple. If I had known he was your disciple, I wouldn't have dared to do it, even if you gave me a 100 lives. [ __ ] The furious roar from the other end of the phone made Maewa instinctively pull the phone away from his ear. Who told you Suchin is my apprentice? Maewa was a little confused. Then what is his relationship with you? It seems that James hasn't figured out how to arrange Such Chen's identity yet. He couldn't very well tell people that Such Chin was his master, could he? He's in his 70s or 80s. How embarrassing would that be if word got out? You still have to save face. After a long pause, he finally managed to stammer. Ahem Suchin is my fellow disciple. So, you're a fellow disciple. My apologies. No wonder you were able to give such insightful and innovative answers during the exam. Ma was said with admiration. Since you and Master James are from the same school, there's nothing more to say. It's perfectly understandable that Suchin has this ability. Who is James? That's a well-known car modification master in the China region. While they may not be considered toter figures, they are certainly among the most active car mechanics currently on the scene. What innovative solution? James narrowed his eyes. He had a feeling that Suchin must have written some unexpected answers during the exam. You have 3 minutes to send me a copy of my junior's exam paper. Uh, Master James, this is a bit against the rules. Mi will look troubled. According to the regulations of the Modifiers Association, the contents of this exam paper cannot be leaked before the final results are released. Don't give me that crap. I'll give you one more chance. James's voice rose eight octaves. Are you really going to refuse me? Believe me or not, I'll make sure you can't make a living as a car mechanic. Miguel, that's not what I meant. Please don't be angry. James, you only have 30 seconds left. Mige, there is a severe level gap between modus. If only he and James knew about the leaked exam information, then there wouldn't be any problem. James wasn't joking. An S-class modifier can truly make it impossible for an A-class modifier to survive. All you need to do is say one sentence to the camera when launching a new product. So, Anso's core skills aren't quite up to par. With a statement like that, his shop would be out of business. Therefore, Maewa had no choice but to comply. Okay, you wait. I'll send it to you right away. When Suchin came out of the examination room, Star Dream and Queen were already waiting outside. Wow, Mast's out. Meow. Shing Ming head. But Such Chin and jumped into his arms, instinctively taking a deep breath before frowning. Why does master smell so bad? Because the exam room smelled terrible. Suchin patted Shings head and smiled helplessly. "It really stinks." The stench was so bad that he was willing to risk exposure to get out as soon as possible. Fortunately, there must have been candidates in history who managed to create a modification core in 10 minutes and passed the exam. So, the examiner was only slightly surprised and didn't show any particularly exaggerated expression. "Did he steal something smelly?" Queen glanced at Such Chin and took a step to the side. Shing Ming doesn't mind Such Chen's smelly appearance. That's Shing Ming. She was disgusted. How did it go? Did you pass the exam? The modifier exam is really difficult. The queen crossed her arms and said calmly, "But don't be discouraged if you don't pass. After all, you're quite capable." She wanted to say that Such Chen's skill level was average, but she couldn't bring herself to say it. Regarding the modification technology, Suchin couldn't find anything to complain about. After all, your modification core is quite strange, and you might fail the test because of those oddities. H. She turned her head away, refusing to look at Suchin. It seems he's still bothered by the question of whether or not he can drink water. I'm sorry, Suchin shrugged. The examiner has already announced that I passed the test on the spot. The seale modifier certificate will be delivered to our modification shop in 3 days. Sorry to disappoint you. What do you mean our modification shop? Queen breathed a sigh of relief when she heard Suchin passed the test, but then muttered under her breath with a cold face. Who's going to talk to you guys? That's yours. It has nothing to do with me. Ever since the discussion about whether or not we can drink water, Such Chin was used to the queen's sarcastic remarks all the time. He assumed it was because of the joke that Queen kept biting and wouldn't let go. He has apologized for this matter multiple times. But Queen would always smile through gritted teeth and say that he was right and that she would definitely get him drunk if that happened again. They even said they wanted to sit on his face and pour it on him. Who can withstand this? So now he's somewhat intimidated when facing Queen. He avoids provoking others if possible and he doesn't get angry even if Queen says a few sarcastic things to him. The extent of her current condition is still far from what it was before Queen lost her memory. Back then the queen would constantly talk about father and mother and would even mentioned the Zishu road. The current queen is so much gentler. At least they wouldn't deliberately put so much salt in a dish that it would kill a cow. So cherish the tenderness you have now. He sensed that queen was gradually awakening as a vengeful spirit. And perhaps it wouldn't be long before he could only eat bizarre and unappetizing food. By the way, master Shing Ming gently nudged Such Chen's chin with her head. Your phone was off, so Noah called me. She sounded a little angry and told you to go back right away. Go back. Such Chin was taken aback. Go back to where? A modification shop that can modify anything? Shing Ming said with a serious face. Did Noah go to our modification shop? Suchin felt a chill in his heart. Yes, meow. Shing nodded. Oh no. Suchin felt a bitter taste in his mouth. Although the modification shop was a gift from Norer, all the ownership certificates have been changed to his name. But the style of the modification shop used to be exactly the standard of luxury stores. The style of the modification shop now looks like it's located in a war zone, as if it's been bombed. Norah would be furious as she saw this. Suchin could understand this feeling. It's like he gave James a great modification core, which James then threw away. How could I not be angry? But I need to go back and explain to Noah quickly. Suchin didn't dare to delay and immediately took Shing and Queen to prepare to take the sky rail back. However, just as they entered the station, the three of them were stunned and speechless when they saw the huge advertising banner inside the station. South African ghost pepper sauce, intensely spicy and delicious. The advertising slogan is very simple. But the poster is not simple because the spokesperson for the chili sauce is an acquaintance. It was Ayano, the captain of the Night Voice T3 team. He was wearing a bright red suit, holding chili sauce in one hand and giving a thumbs up with the other, his slightly swollen lips curled into a wicked smile. I always thought he would be a spokesperson for alcoholic beverages. Suchin muttered to himself. Shing Ming stroked her chin thoughtfully. Moss, his clothes are so hot. You should wear them. Meow. Queen glanced at the chili sauce in the advertisement, then at Suchin. Suddenly, he narrowed his eyes and punched his fist in the palm. H. Tonight, we'll have super spicy boiled pork. Chapter 195. He smashed the shop himself. Suchin, my shop. No's roar was filled with shock, anger, and despair. Even if it's your shop now, you can't just ruin it like this. She pointed indignantly at the store sign, which was half hanging on the ceiling and the other half suspended in midair. As if in deliberate response, the signboard crashed down from above with a crack. Suchin, look, look at it. Noah couldn't take it anymore. The old shop was so beautiful. This shop definitely has the skills of an A-level car modification specialist. If the shop looks good, the prices of the core modification parts can be listed higher. She spent a lot of money to have someone meticulously design the entire shop. Looking at the cracked walls, which are actually decorations, the oil stains on the roof, which are actually paint, and the floor tiles that have been peeled off, leaving only the cement floor. There's no denying it. The tiles were indeed peeling, and they were repainted with cement. Noah felt that her carefully dressed daughter was getting married and that she was originally meant to warm Suchin's bed. Suchin, however, used them to mine. What a waste of precious resources. Suchin looked at Noah's angry face, lowered his head, and dared not speak. When he was modifying the shop, he didn't consider Noah's feelings at all. He was short of money at the time and all he could think about was getting the shop up and running in a short time so he could save up money to buy materials for Shing Ming to upgrade the core. By the time he realized it, it was too late to go back. Such Chin, tell me honestly, is someone giving you trouble? No's face darkened, her cold gaze fixed on Old Le's car modification shop across the street. Did someone hire thugs to vandalize your shop? Just tell me. in the car modification shop across the street, oldly inexplicably shuttered. He's been doing pretty well lately, just as he expected. The store that can change anything has completely dominated the white and green core markets. Two more competitors withdrew, leading to a surge in sales of his blue custom cores. Although it's hard work every day to try my best to craft blue modification cores, I actually earn more than before when I calculate the total. People are indeed forced to do things. If he had pushed himself harder in the past, he probably would have become rich long ago. Strange, is someone talking badly about me behind my back? Oldly looked around. It was quite late. There were no customers in the store, and the robots and surveillance cameras were working properly. It seems there's nothing to worry about. No, I smashed this shop myself, Suchin honestly said. because I can only sell white and green modification cores. This store has no business since it just opened. I asked passers by and they said that people who see the store are afraid to go in and those who dare to go in don't like the quality of white and green modification cores. I figured this couldn't just sit around doing nothing. We'd have to pay for water and electricity. So, without further ado, they smashed up the store. He pointed to the shop's layout and gave an honest smile. Look, isn't this shop much more welcoming now? Did Suchin smash it himself? Noah took a deep breath, silently repeated, "Don't be angry." three times and tried her best to calm herself down. "So what? You smashed up the shop, but did you sell any of your modification cores?" "Of course." Suchin nodded. "And it'll be a huge hit." Noah's lips twitched. I don't believe it. Such Chen's shop was completely empty, looking as if it had been ransacked. Tell her it's selling like hot cakes. Can a best-selling car modification shop really be like this? However, after hearing Such Chen's explanation, she fully understood Such Chen's difficulties. Suchin only has a DLE modifier certificate, and according to the rules, he can only sell green and white quality modifier cores. The previous shop was indeed a bit too extravagant. Students and amateurs probably wouldn't even consider coming in to take a look. The majority of buyers of the white and green modified cores are students from the league academy and amateur drivers. It's as if her previous shop renovations completely blocked any potential business opportunities for Suchin. Don't you believe me? The reason no one's coming is because I've been away from the shop for a while due to a competition. Suchin took out his phone, opened Green Bubble, and rambled on. I have a customer group with quite a few people. When I have stock, I notify them in the group, and they come to buy right away. It's like an arrow piercing the clouds, attracting a thousand troops, you know. Norah sneered. Keep making things up. She glanced at the phone such handed her. There were indeed quite a few people in the group, over 200. But few people spoke. Those who did were sending meaningless emojis. Ding-dong. Just as Such Chin and Noah were both staring at their phones. A message popped up. Tall flight attendants, school girls, JK girls, hot mature women, Q lolas, local and home services available. Call 150XX. Suchin Noah girl. Oh, so this is your clientele. Noah said with a forced smile. Not bad, Lao Su. I didn't expect you to be so resourceful. What? Aren't Shing Ming and Queen enough? If all else fails, you can have Shing Ming come and live with me. Shing Ming couldn't understand what Such Chin and Noah were arguing about. But she understood what he meant. She immediately went behind Such Chan and hugged his arm, looking at Noah with a weary expression. Impossible. Meow. Shing Ming will not live with you. Meow. If Shing Ming can't live with Moss, Shing Ming would rather be a stray. Meow. Noer. The catgirl sternly rejected him again. Maybe I should just jump off a rooftop. It was an accident. Suching chuckled dryly as he kicked the pimp who had joined the group at some point out of nowhere out of the group and said, "Seriously, ahem. I'll craft a few green quality modification cores in a bit. then post a notification in the group and you'll see how popular my shop is and I'm planning to upgrade the shop. Its current battle damaged look really doesn't look good. Noah raised an eyebrow. What? Didn't you say that a luxurious style would affect your business? She didn't believe that Suchin could just casually conjure up a few green modified cores. Secondly, I don't believe Suchin has that many repeat customers. She was too lazy to even look into what that group was for. Right now, she just wants to quietly watch Such Chen's performance. And after all the lies are exposed, she'll offer him some help to get his modification shop back on track. As for the reward, she'll just let her enjoy playing with Star Dream Gear. He before I was a D-Level modifier, so my shop couldn't be too flashy or it would affect business. Suchin changed the subject. But now I'm a seale modifier and I can already put blue quality modification cores on the shelves. There's no need for the shop to be deliberately so shabby. The customizers association reviews papers very quickly. Suchin showed the updated order confirmation to know Suchin class C modifier. Then to Noer's bewildered look, he pulled out two green quality basic modules. Then in front of nowhere, a flash of starlight appeared in his hand. "Woosh!" Less than 3 seconds. Create a green quality modification core. "What?" Norah gasped, her eyes widening as she stared at the modification core in Such Chen's hand. The original title and cover were reported and taken down. "I spent the whole afternoon changing them. I've been delayed a bit, so I'll only be writing one chapter today. Please excuse me. Don't panic. It's a minor issue. Chapter 196. Stop barking. Sue. Such Chun. This isn't right. Suchin fainted surprised as he looked at Noah. What's wrong? What's wrong? You You can create a green modification core in less than 10 seconds. Yes. Suchin nodded. This speed has been constant since I was promoted to sea level modifier. Don't you have this speed? No, girl. As a pure A-level modifier, she is already very fast at crafting green quality modification cores. Assuming she can succeed 100% every time she makes a core, her speed is about one core every 5 minutes. Without guaranteeing a success rate, you can expect to produce at least seven coins per hour. In order to improve the efficiency of modifying the core, in addition to using better materials for the basic modules and increasing the success rate, the modifier needs to have a faster parsing speed for the data matrix and data nodes, which depends on the modifier's mastery of star energy. However, the modifier's mastery of star energy is directly proportional to the modifier's level. It is extremely rare for an A-level modifier to have a greater grasp of star energy than an S-level modifier. This situation theoretically exists. But Noah had never seen such a genius before. Now it seems I've seen it. How about you make another one? She asked, staring intently at Suchin. Admittedly, Such Chen's master has extremely strong innovative abilities and can create a modified core that shocked James. Such Chin is certainly not simple as that master's disciple, but he can't be too outrageous. Okay. Suchin took out another set of materials and with a flash of starlight in his hand, he produced another green quality modification core. Here you go. He handed the modification core to Noah, smiling broadly and said, "It's still warm." Noah was speechless. Suchin, just tell me straight. What's your success rate in creating green cores right now? 50%. Suchin said calmly. 50%. Noah raised an eyebrow. Then what are your two modification cores? I was lucky, Such Chan replied immediately. You need to understand that success rate is a very abstract thing. If you're lucky, what's the difference between 50% and 100%. Relatively speaking, if you're unlucky, even a 90% success rate is no different from zero. Noah felt that Suchin seemed to be fooling her. But what Suchin said wasn't wrong. She had no evidence. What's your success rate with crafting blue modification cores? Faced with Nor's question, Suchin paused for a moment and said calmly, "Only 10%. Blue modification cores are still a bit too much for me right now. Before I can create such modification cores, I need to take a bath, change clothes, and pray to the star god for protection. Noah's lips twitched. Was it useful? Suchin clasped his hands together and said, "Seriously, sincerity is key. Forget about getting any useful information from Suchin." Nine out of 10 things this guy says are worth scrutinizing. Didn't you say that as long as you post the message in the group, customers will come to buy it? No. gave up on studying Such Chin's success rate, casually found a seat, and rolled her eyes. Show me how it sells. I want to see how big it is. Suchin was happy to grant Noah's request, no matter how small. He didn't do anything else. Just took two photos of the green modified core, and without even adding any attributes, he sent them directly to the group. The previously quiet chat group suddenly erupted in chaos. Holy crap, Master Sue, you're finally back. We've been waiting so long. Master Sue has a new modification core. Is the shop open now? I'm coming. I'm near the business district. Master Sue, you wait here. Many of these customers had already purchased Such Chen's modification course. However, modification cores can be adjusted depending on the track. Not everyone has the skills of a professional driver. Some amateur cyclists have limited experience and skill. For tracks with many curves, upgrading to a more maneuverable aftermarket core will definitely offer more advantages. However, due to purchase restrictions at Such Chen's location, many people are unable to buy all types of aftermarket cores at once. Others are simply for collection. Some people see Such Chen's potential and believe he will definitely become a master in the future. Fortunately, Such Chin's modification cores are not expensive. So, even if they don't need them, they can still buy them for collection. If Suchin achieves success in the future, they can also make a fortune from him. As for reselling, nobody does that. When a modified core is sold, an agreement must be signed. Once the agreement is signed, the modified core is essentially marked by both the tuner and the buyer. Such modification cores cannot be resold unless the modifier voluntarily refuses to sign an agreement in which case the modification core can be freely resold. Most mods simply wouldn't do something that would backfire. At most we can sell to our competitors in this way. The driver as the buyer also prefers to sign the agreement because that way if any problems arise he can use the mark to find the modifier and confront him directly. Come on everyone, I have a surprise for you today. Suchin sent a funny emoji with a cheerful smile, then took out the materials he had just bought. That's right. He was going to craft some blue quality modification cores. It's not just about giving these buyers a surprise. This also sets the tone for the overall upgrade of the store. After all, the shop was too dilapidated, and he himself felt uncomfortable looking at it. I've already notified everyone. Suchin said to Noah. Wait here for a moment. I have some things to take care of. Shing Ming Queen, please tidy up a bit. Yes, ma'am. Shing Ming straightened her cat ears, raised her head in salute, picked up the vacuum cleaner, and immediately started working. Queen rolled her eyes, but didn't say anything, following behind Shing Ming as she mopped the floor. Noah looked at the modification shop that had already closed its doors. I wonder what Suchin is up to. Since returning from James' side, she has become increasingly unable to understand Such Chen. She finds him more and more mysterious, unable to predict whether he is a genius driver or a genius modifier. If both can be taken into account, isn't that pure perversion? Squeak. The tranquil night in the business district was shattered by a series of screeching brakes. Boldly looked up from the world of the novel and was shocked to see the cars suddenly parked outside. A customer? He quickly got up. After all, since the car was parked in front of his shop, it's understandable that people would assume it belonged to him as a customer. Could it be that my recent promotions have been effective? But surely there shouldn't be so many customers all at once. regardless oldly tidied his appearance and walked to the store entrance to greet customers. He wasn't usually so respectful to guests. But Such Chen's arrival at the anything can be changed store made him realize the essence of the service industry. The customer is king. If you want to make money, you have to have the right attitude. Someone got off the bus. They rushed towards his shop. Welcome. Oldie smiled like a daisy in bloom. My heart was already bursting with joy. The advertising really worked. What kind of aftermarket core are you looking to purchase? We have a wide variety of highquality aftermarket cores to meet your needs. Boss, here you go. The man threw Tenuan into Old Lee's hand. I went to the tuning shop across the street to snatch some tuning cores, but there were no parking spaces left, so I'll borrow the one in front of your shop for a bit. Here's the money, but don't bark like a dog later. Oldly chapter 197. Attention. The customers who came to the commercial street late at night were all there to buy Sue Chen's modified core. Oldly looked across at the brightly lit and bustling scene across the street. Then look at my own place where there are hardly any visitors. He snorted coldly. They only sell white and green quality modification cores. What kind of future can they have? These poor bastards can only afford Suchin's lowpriced modification cores. They'll still have to buy my blue quality modification cores in the future. Oldly carefully memorized each and every license plate number. thinking that when customers with these license plate numbers come in the future, he'll definitely raise the price of the core modifications, what's wrong with the service industry? The service industry also has dignity. Oldly returned to his shop with a gloomy face and closed the door. Out of sight, out of mind. Less than half an hour, Such Chen's modification shop was packed with people. They all came for the modification core in Such Chen's possession. Among them were businessmen, modelers, and mostly racers. Master Sue, how much stock do you have today? Can you take it all? Master Sue, it's been a long time. You're amazing. You even got first place in the provincial qualifiers. I've been seeing your news a lot these past few days. Oh, Master Sue is also a race car driver. TCH, you're so ignorant. You're only just finding out. Suchin glanced at the chattering crowd at the shop entrance and gave her eye smile. Sometimes having too many enthusiastic customers isn't necessarily a good thing. It means you can't just lie behind the counter like some hands-off managers who don't care about anything. After all, you can't just give a casual h when guests greet you warmly. Such Chen, are these people here to buy modification cores? Noah stared in disbelief at the crowd of people blocking the street outside. When did buying a custom core become like going to a farmers market? The way these people are looking at Such Chen's shop is strange. Just like those elderly women and men going to the market. Yes, they're here to buy modification cores. Such Chan replied with a smile. He then glanced at Queen, indicating that they could begin. The queen walked to the front of the crowd, surveyed the entire scene, and raised her chin. Silence. The chattering and discussion vanished instantly. "Queen, stand at attention." The crowd snapped to attention. "Queen, at ease!" The crowd suddenly fell silent. Queen nodded with her hands behind her back. "You all know the rules, right? Line up. No cutting in line. Keep quiet. Anyone who cuts in line will be permanently blacklisted. As soon as he finished speaking, the crowd immediately formed a neat line. The end of the line had already cut into Old Lee's shop. Queen snorted at Suchin, rolled her eyes, and walked behind him. I originally didn't want to give Suchin that face. Consider it a reward. Where has Noah ever seen anything like this before? Although customers treat her an A-level modifier with utmost respect when they come to her shop, is it really necessary to be this respectful? How is this any different from dog training? What kind of spell did Suchin cast on these guests? Her doubts persisted until Suchin placed a modification core on the counter. There were a total of 22 modification cores, none of which were of white quality, and there were even two of them of blue quality. She clearly remembered that Suchin didn't have that many modification cores. So, in less than 10 minutes in the modification room, Suchin produced 22 modification cores. That's a bit abstract. Holy crap. What am I seeing? A blue quality modification core. Boss Sue can now craft blue quality modification cores. That's fantastic. I wonder what the price of Mr. Sue's blue core is. If it's top quality like the white and green ones, it probably won't be cheap, right? Another murmur arose from the crowd, but no one made a loud noise. Everyone was whispering. Their eyes shone even brighter as they looked at Such Chin like a group of devout believers, their longing tinged with a hint of trepidation. Everyone, I'm quite happy today because my Mecca girl and I won the championship in the recent provincial preliminary competition. And starting today, I'm a sea level modifier, and blue quality modification cores will be gradually made available. I can assure you that the price of blue quality modification cores will be very affordable. Upon hearing Such Chen's words, Shing Ming and Queen instinctively stood up straight, heads held high, and chests puffed out. Even though Queen is awkward, she still pursues the racing glory that the Mecca girls yearn for. So when people looked at the victor, she felt proud and even a little smug. The corners of her mouth turned up slightly, but she felt it wasn't good to laugh like Shing. So she could only suppress the curve of her mouth and pretend to be serious. We're offering a special deal today. All green quality modification cores are 20% off, only 40,000 yuan. Under the increasingly outrageous gaze of Noer, Suchin held up a second finger. Also, blue quality modification cores are only 120,000. However, since there are only two blue quality modification cores available at the moment, the final purchase qualification will be decided by drawing lots. As soon as he finished speaking, the whole audience cheered. Noah pulled Suchin into a corner, his face serious. Suchin, you're going to lose money by pricing all your cores the same. You can set higher prices for the better quality items and lower prices for the average quality items, keeping them all at the same price. There will always be some core items that won't sell and will end up stuck in your inventory. And your price is a bit too cheap, especially for the blue quality, only 120,000. Noah was too lazy to investigate where Suchin had conjured up so many modification cores. She now felt that Suchin had no business sense at all and was like a simpleton. How can you sell things like that? Yeah, 120,000. Suchin spread his hands. That's all the cost I've made. Do you expect me to sell it for much more? Besides, I think the quality of these modification cores is just average. I feel a little guilty selling them at this price. Very average. Norah thought to herself, could it be that the attributes of these modification cores are all terrible? She casually picked up a green modification core and looked at it. Speed plus4, cornering minus one. No, isn't this top-notch? This is just average. She picked up another one and glanced at it. Battery life + 5, stability minus one, speed minus one. Isn't this also a top quality item? She looked at all the green modification cores, including the blue ones, and they were all top quality. If you put it in her shop, the price would have to be doubled. Once you reach the level of an A-grade modifier, you'll have experience in creating mod cores with good attributes. For example, to obtain top tier performance from a blue quality modification core, you need a base module with top tier performance. It's best to use a purple base module as a buffer. This way, the resulting blue modification core will most likely have top tier performance. Such Chin, you can't sell these modification cores for such a low price. You're going to lose everything. You'll even lose your underwear. Noah couldn't hold back. I was trying to keep my voice down, but I accidentally let my voice slip out because I was so emotional. The customer who had just entered the store glared at her fiercely, ignoring the fact that Nori was a cute little girl, and blurted out, "Auntie, if you're not going to eat, get out. Don't go around rumaging around in Boss Sue's store. No, auntie/G grandma. Noah froze, completely petrified. Meanwhile, at Old Le's car modification shop across the street, Oldley was looking at the customers queuing up at his shop with a gloomy face, adhering to the principle that the customer is always right. It's not appropriate to kick these people out until the phone rang suddenly. Hello, is this Mr. Lee? Judging from the voice, it seems to be a customer from yesterday who has already ordered a blue modification core from him. However, he could only deliver the goods to the customer in 7 days. The reason for calling now is, "Mr. Lee, I'm having a small cash flow problem, so I won't take your blue modification core." Mr. Lee's expression changed. "Oh, customer, you paid a deposit in advance. It's only a 2,000 deposit. I'll give it to you. The call hadn't ended in time. Mr. Lee then heard a burst of wild laughter from the other end. Haha. Boss Sue has started selling blue quality modification cores too. Haha. Heaven protect me. In this competition, I will fight until rivers of blood flow. Oldly chapter 198. The voice of the night press conference. When Lai learned the price of Such Chen's blue quality modification core, he had the idea of closing down the store for the first time. Suchin also promised to release at least 10 bluequality modification cores every month. To be honest, in terms of efficiency, it's about the same as hiring a veteran car mechanic. If he doesn't want to work too hard, he gets a blue quality modification core almost every 3 days. But he's not a race car driver. Suchin is a driver. He also needs to train and participate in races. Where would he find the time to practice his modification skills? And yet, he quietly advanced to a seale modifier. Who can withstand this? At midnight, almost all the shops on the main street in the business district were closed except for Such Chin and his shop, which was blocked by a large number of cars. Boldly glanced at the densely packed cars outside the window and pondered for a moment. Then his eyes suddenly lit up. He took out his phone and made a call. Hey, can you book a construction crew for me? I don't want to run a car modification shop full-time anymore. You can turn my car modification shop into a parking lot instead. There is no situation where a ma joins another modder if they can't beat them because they might not let you join. You might not be able to learn someone else's skills. But Lai felt that this decision was also a kind of alternative joining. Anyway, it's all about making money, so there's no need to be stingy. He will continue to sell modification cores, but not in this business circle. The other two modders chose to withdraw from the storm when faced with commercial competition. He however faced and embraced the storm. Boldly opened his arms wide, tears streaming down his face, and embraced the night sky. That's what vision is all about. Queen, the boiled pork slices tonight were delicious. Haha. But a little too spicy. Suchin finally got to eat at 1:00 a.m. when he arrived home. It was supposed to be dinner, but judging by the time, it was more like a late night snack. I wonder what seasoning queen put in it. It was so spicy it made his scalp tingle. It's even more exciting than the hot pot I ate at before. How should I put it? That hot pot wasn't very spicy at first, but the more you ate, the spicier it became. Today's boiled pork slices are so addictive, starting from the very first slice. Hey, here's some sour yogurt for you. Shing Ming handed her yogurt to Such Chin. Her pretty face was also flushed from the spiciness, and she kept fanning herself with her little hands. But for a Mecca girl, no matter how spicy it is, it won't cause any problems. In fact, some things are even more addictive the more you eat them. Suchin thinks that Shing Ming is already showing this trend. What? You think my cooking isn't good enough? Queen's pretty face turned cold as she slowly moved the yogurt Shing Ming offered her away. If you can't even handle this level of spiciness, how will you be the man on Shing Mings and my body in the future? Huh? Suchin was stunned. That doesn't sound right. Queen immediately realized the ambiguity of her words. Her pretty face flushed, but she retorted sarcastically. Isn't that right? When I was with Shing Ming, were you sitting under the car or in the cockpit? Oh. Suchin nodded. Isn't that enough? I'm just inexplicably a little disappointed. Queen glanced at Such Chen's swollen lips. Even though he couldn't stand the spiciness, this man still ate most of the boiled meat. That meant Suchin still liked her cooking. I felt a little smug. Seeing Suchin so hot makes me feel a little sorry for her. But Queen wasn't willing to let Such Chin off so easily. She pursed her lips, took out a bottle of plum juice that she had prepared in advance from the refrigerator behind her and pushed it over. Here for you. Both plum juice and yogurt can relieve the spiciness, especially chilled plum juice, which works even better. After all, the icy cold sensation has a physical effect on heat relief. Plum juice for me? Suchin was a little surprised. He had already drunk the other can of yogurt that Shing Ming had secretly slipped into his hand, and his stomach felt a little better, but his mouth still felt like it was filled with lava. I just bought it on a whim, but it doesn't taste good. Queen looked away and pouted. Are you going to drink it or not? If not, I'll pour it away. Suchin quickly grabbed the plum juice. I unscrewed the bottle cap and gulped it down in one go. He downed a whole bottle of plum juice, still ice cold, and the combination of hot and cold was bound to cause diarrhea, but he didn't care about that anymore. All he wanted was to relieve the spiciness. The effects of plum juice are also very noticeable. Suchin immediately felt much better. But is this the plum juice that Queen drank? He subconsciously looked at Queen's bright red lips. Doesn't that mean? The queen noticed Such Chen's gaze. He glanced at the bottle in Such Chen's hand and sneered. What are you thinking? I drink from the bottle cap. I always use the cap first for drinks I've never tried before. Her voice stopped abruptly because she saw Suchin lick the bottle cap. Queen, I'm going to wash the dishes. Seeing Queen's clenched fist, Suchin, who had been being cheeky, got up on his own, grabbed the dishes and chopsticks, and rushed into the kitchen, quickly disappearing from Queen's sight. The queen took a deep breath. She casually brushed her hair aside, revealing her bright red heirloom. Meanwhile, Suchin was washing dishes in the kitchen while pondering something. He stared at Queen's panel every day. The queen's memory has not been fully restored. But for some reason, Queen feels almost the same as before. Maybe it's because I became Queen's pilot. There's something subtle about these similarities that I can't quite put my finger on. Such Chin still planned to have a proper talk with Queen when her memories were fully restored, especially the issue of this bond contract. Although he was not worried that Queen would have other options. However, if Queen is unwilling or harbors resentment, the contract can be dissolved. He does not want queen to be bound to him in an ambiguous way and he himself cannot accept a relationship established because of chaos. Everything needs to be made clear. He would ask queen again seriously if she would be willing to be his mecca girl. This is very important. I came out after washing the dishes. Star Dream and Queen are watching TV. Suchin glanced at Queen's expression. H everything seemed normal. It seems that what happened before is in the past. Shing Ming had just offered to help him wash the dishes, but he refused. He has to wash this dish today. Otherwise, Queen would definitely still look at him with disdain. What are you looking at? He sat between Starream and Queen. The two Mecca girls were positioned with just enough space between them for one person to sit. Shing Ming skillfully snuggled up and hugged Su Chens arm, her pretty face resting against Su Chens arm. Queen frowned slightly, hesitated for a moment, but ultimately didn't move, watching the voice of the night press conference. The queen stared at the television screen, a hint of coldness in her eyes. Chapter 199. Next up is the spicy goddess, the voice of the night press conference was broadcast live. The event was very large and very lively. Those who didn't know better might think that Night Voice had stopped being a racing company and had instead switched to selling hot sauce because the posters and banners at the press conference were all bright red with various chibi style chili pepper images on them. Looking at that patch of red, Suchin felt as if the wrinkles in his cerebral cortex had been instantly smoothed out. Miss Gene Xen, what are your thoughts on the night hoof racing team's crushing defeat in their first provincial qualifying round? Facing the camera, Gene Xen smiled warmly and was dressed appropriately. Even when the reporter asked a rather presumptuous question, her expression remained unchanged. "I don't have any opinion," she said with a faint smile. "We experience all kinds of failures throughout our lives. The reason why losers fail is because they are unable to extricate themselves from failure. The reason why successful people succeed is that they learn from their failures and make each failure a stepping stone to their success. The night hoof team has had an incredibly smooth journey. This defeat might not be a bad thing for them. The surrounding reporters looked at each other in bewilderment. I originally thought I could provoke Chin Xen and get some big news out of him. Unexpectedly, Chin XIN remained so calm. That would be difficult to handle. "PresidentQin, I noticed that today's press conference had a very festive style and there were many chili pepper elements. Is there any purpose to that?" Another reporter asked, "He, that's the main purpose of this press conference." Chin Xen clapped his hands and turned to look back at the stage. As everyone's gaze fell upon him, Ayano, whose lips were noticeably thicker and redder than a week ago, stepped forward and gave the camera a standard fake service-like smile. It's Ayano, the chief of the night hoof. Oh, Dionis, someone in the crowd exclaimed. It seems this press conference is related to Ayano. Everyone speculated. Ayano is the lead driver of our Nihof T3 team. He used to be known as the god of wine because everyone knows that Ayano can unleash his powerful potential in races by relying on the stimulation of alcohol. Facing the camera, Gene Xen smiled and said, "This is actually a sign that Ayano is awakening his star energy. In the future, he will definitely become a star-like pilot. But that's not what I'm going to talk about today. Instead, starting today, the god of wine will become the god of spiciness." According to the research on Ayano's talent by our Black Knight Voice Group expert team, we have found that chili peppers can stimulate Ayano's potential to a greater extent, and the effect is better than alcohol, as well as safer and more stable. So, in future races, you'll see an even stronger Nihaho team, an even stronger Ayano, and he won't be bringing alcohol with him anymore, but instead, Chin Xen took out a bottle of chili sauce and showed it to the camera. That's right, chili sauce. On behalf of the voice of the night group, I am issuing a global call for the hottest chili sauces ever made. Any chili sauce that passes the test and can unleash Ayano's potential will receive a hefty reward from the voice of the night group. The press conference didn't last long before it turned into commercials. The advertisement was naturally for Chili Sauce. Given the global situation where advertisers are largely controlled by large clubs and conglomerates, it is estimated that Chili Sauce advertisements will dominate the advertising industry in the coming year. Truly, the world is so big. There are all sorts of wonders. The press conference for Voice of the Night left both Suchin and Queen speechless. This is the first time I've heard of a driver using chili sauce to unleash their full potential. Suchin muttered to himself. even finding it a little funny. However, considering Ayano's potential to awaken as a star pilot, it becomes understandable given the diverse abilities of star pilots in this world. Don't even mention using chili peppers to activate reflexes. He wouldn't be surprised if one day a poop powered starshine pilot appeared. Oh my, it's not the first time I've heard of this. Shing Ming stroked her chin and squinted her eyes. Chinming heard that a century ago there was a very eccentric pilot who would eat hot pot before piloting a Mecca girl in order to activate his potential. He's the kind of person who transforms into a jetpack warrior when eating hot pot. To avoid dying in the cockpit, he had to give it his all during races, maintaining a high level of concentration. Later, he actually relied on this to awaken and become a starship pilot. Such chin. He didn't know what to say. I just want to give that Splatoon a thumbs up. That machine girl was truly blessed to have met him. Master, look at them and then look at you. Queen turned off the TV and said with exasperation. They can activate their reaction speed when they eat spicy food. But what about you? All you can do when you eat spicy food is slurp. Please give me a glass of plum juice and a glass of yogurt. Tsk tsk. How can that be the same? Suchin curled his lip. Not everyone can unleash their potential with chili peppers. When I eat too many chili peppers, all I want to do is spray. Do you want me to spray in your cockpit? Queen's eyes widened, her chest heaving violently. She snorted angrily and dragged Shing Ming into the bedroom. With Shings desperate and reluctant gaze, the door slammed shut. It's over. Suchin sighed inwardly. I just couldn't control myself and started hurting Queen again. Well, that's it. There won't be any sweet and soft cat girls to serve me tonight. However, this voice of the night group is quite interesting. He originally thought the appearance of Ayano endorsing Chili Peppers was just a coincidence, but it turns out that Ayano really did switch from being the god of wine to the god of chili peppers. After the last match, the Yini reviewed the game with him, saying that Ayano hadn't actually performed to his full potential. Chin Xen now says that Ayano, who has become the god of spicy food, is even stronger than before. Assuming Chin Xen's words are true, and Ayano will participate in the next provincial preliminary round, Ayana will definitely give it his all this time. That would be really interesting if the spicy god got two consecutive upgrades. Putting aside his identity as a driver for the spicy god of the night group, his skills are quite remarkable. He's not the kind of incompetent person who relies solely on the performance of his mecha girl to achieve high intensity without any skill. I wonder which is stronger, the two times enhanced spicy god or his nitrous oxide acceleration modification core. My heart is broken like shards of glass. A loud cell phone ringtone went off. Such Chen's vision went black. Did Shing Ming just change the ringtone when she played with his phone? That aesthetic is somewhat unique. The call was from James. He pressed the answer button, and the old man's slightly smug laughter came through the phone. Master Sue, I've already decided on your opponent for the next match. Get ready to face the consequences. He he chapter 200. Flawless. Hearing James' laughter, Suchin couldn't help but curl the corners of his mouth. "The old man is quite efficient. He thought it would take a long time to find a suitable candidate." "Who is it?" "That's definitely a secret," James said mysteriously. "But I can tell you that he's a club driver, someone you've defeated before." "Club driver? Have you ever competed against him?" Suchin narrowed his eyes. exclude all players from Voice of the Night and Northern Wolves T2. There aren't many professional drivers who have competed against him. Lyni Weii is definitely not like that. Backed by a top t sports group like Peak Future, she doesn't need James' help. As for the drivers from some smaller clubs, their skills and the performance of the Mecca girls are too far behind his, making it impossible for them to catch up in a short period of time. So, they can also be ruled out. So, it's Suche and Fongi from the Star Crown Club, right? Suchin asked. There was a moment of silence on the other end of the phone. After a long pause, James finally managed to stammer out. Master Sue, did you have someone investigate me? Do you think I have that much free time? How did you guess that? Does this even need guessing? Suchin chuckled. Your hint is already very obvious. It's like you're telling me the answer directly. Fine. James was at his wit's end. Since Suchin had guessed it, there was no point in him arguing anymore. It doesn't matter if he guesses it. Suchin isn't the kind of person who breaks the rules of the game. Master Su, don't underestimate Suche, James said bluntly. I've provided Suche with more than just an upgrade to the modification core. I've also given him a renowned mentor, Golden Razor. Right. Suchin shook his head. I don't know. Uh, that's probably too long ago. And that person has indeed fallen on hard times and has long lost his former fame. But if you search online, you can still find information about Golden Razor. Anyway, let's have a match on the field. After exchanging a few pleasantries, Suchin hung up the phone. James is an open and honest person. He even gave his opponent a hint after choosing his opponent. However, I've never heard of Golden Razor. He opened BYU and typed in Golden Razor to see who the other party was. It would have been better if he hadn't searched. Once he did, his expression immediately became somewhat strange. Even in the photos that were found, the man was still very young. But he immediately recognized that the man with the golden razor was the owner of the Gino training ground. No wonder the owner looked so mysterious. There were trophies left over from his racing days in the small house. All of them championship trophies. From that time on, he could tell that the owner named Gino had been a skilled driver. However, something must have happened later which led to him being forced to live a meter existence in a small training ground. Otherwise, with his skill level, he could live a comfortable life with his Mecca girls even after retirement. At least on hot days, we can afford air conditioning. Suchin continued reading. The voice of the night again. Bou lists Gino's achievements, but only summarizes Gino's fate in one sentence because the Mecca girl could not be modified by the Night Voice master team and turned against Night Voice. She even spread rumors about the Nightvoice group and was eventually terminated by the Night Voice group and sued for compensation. If he didn't know about the voice of the night, he would definitely think that what's recorded on BU is true. It was because he understood the voice of the night that he knew the helplessness and pain Gino had experienced in this ordeal. The Mecca girl was ruined by the modification team. And when she tried to appeal, she was met with a gag order from the Voice of the Night and so-called compensation. If they do not accept compensation, they will be directly dismissed from Voice of the Night. When faced with these two options, most people would choose to reconcile with the voice of the night group since they can't fight city hall. However, Gino is clearly a man of principle and loves his mecha girls more, so he chose to go to war with the voice of the night. However, the war ended tragically, and Gino's current situation speaks volumes. Now, like Gino, he is also declaring war on the voice of the knight. Only he has more powerful weapons than Gino. As a former chief tuner, he possesses tuning skills that allow him to overcome obstacles and has more advanced tuning ideas. What a pity. He might have been the only one who ever defied the voice of the night. Suchin closed the web page and pondered with his eyes closed. Gino's story is certainly not an isolated case. There must be many other victims like him, but they all ultimately chose to let things go. Perhaps I could collaborate with Mr. Gino sometime in the future. They'd likely find common ground in the fight against the voice of the knight. As for Gino's Mecca Girl, he should have a way to fix the malfunction. However, disassembling this ability will downgrade the Mecca girl. It's best not to offer help without first gaining the other person's trust. Otherwise, you might end up causing trouble for yourself. Suchin searched for a lot of news related to Goili and learned that he was a very skilled coach, especially good at the blade overtaking technique. By the time he realized it was time to go to sleep, it was already 3:00 a.m. Creek. The door to the queen's bedroom suddenly opened. While Suchin was in a daysaze, Shing Mang tiptoed out and slowly peeked out. After confirming that Suchin was not asleep, her eyes lit up. Then she tiptoed out of Queen's room, gently closed the door, and winked at Suchin, who was sitting in front of the computer in a days. Master Shing Ning leaned close to Such Chin and whispered in his ear. Queen is asleep, so I sneaked out. Meow. We can sleep together again. Meow. My ears were tickled by the catgirl's breathing. Suchin tilted his head and glanced at Queen's tightly closed bedroom door, his lips twitching. It is known that Mecca girls are very alert creatures, excluding Hashimu, who is an anomaly. However, it must be emphasized that Queen is vigilant some time ago when Queen was sleeping next to him. Even the slightest movement would wake Queen up to observe the surrounding environment. "So, are you sure you haven't been discovered?" Suchin asked. "Of course not, Meow." Hino stood with her hands on her hips, looking smug, and said with a smile, "I'm a catgirl specialized Mecca girl. I walk without making a sound. Meow." Even though Queen Nchin held me very tightly, I still managed to sneak out. Meow. Dash. Such looked at Shing Mings silly appearance. Suddenly, I have a feeling that it's possible that she was deliberately released by the queen. Okay, Moss, don't think about it so much. Let's go to sleep. Shing Ming hugged Such Chen's arm and rubbed against him, sighing contentedly. I don't know why, but I can only recover faster when I'm with Moss. I can't fall asleep without Ms. Meow Dash. Haha, really? I have that kind of ability. Although he knew that Shing Ming might be saying it to make him happy. Suchin couldn't help but smile. What if Queen finds you're not here in the morning? She'll definitely be angry. This problem caused Shing Ming a little distress. However, she quickly came up with a solution. I'll sneak back when Queen is about to wake up. Shing Ming looked confident. Don't worry, Moss. Queen definitely won't find out. She had planned everything. Not only can she sleep with Suchin, it can be done perfectly again. Little did they know in the queen's bedroom. The moment Such Chen's bedroom door closed, even though the sound of the door closing was almost inaudible in the quiet night, but the graceful figure on the bed still moved slightly, and after a while, an annoying snort rang out.
