Title: THE NEW HAIL OF BLADES MADE CHO'GATH JUNGLE EVEN BETTER (with the correct build)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlomOkRKBlc

Content:
All right, time for a Chath. We are playing this one into a Mull fight here, which should be a very good matchup for us to be honest. Ton of magic damage into him. Max HP base magic damage as well and a true damage ultimate. So, he's going to feel the hurt on that one. We'll be starting top side and clearing down here. Just play for bot lane here to get my smolder ahead. Very doable gank situation, I would say. priority goes towards clearing my camps though, obviously, because we need to like hit level six, get the ulti stacks up. We're not a very strong early game champion. We're not weak, but we're not amazing. Uh, so if we can get level six, get some stacks up, we will be good. Auto attack E for the auto attack reset. Let's just hit this down. I am assuming Mol clears for bolt as well, but we're going to have to see on that one. I don't have any information really to go off of here. Auto attack and TE. Always make sure to get the auto attack resets off. Incredibly important. I needed to do an extra hit there because that was other guys going to scam me. Take my Q level two. This is a lower cool down your W, so you can spam it more frequently for more damage. Auto attack E. Q. And we kite it down. Beautiful. Do the camp when I get in range. Walk up. We auto attack E. It drag it down. My bot lane is very far pushed up which is kind of expected to be fair actually. Yaso melee range champ might actually be a tricky gank. Take my W here. Ario flash. I might actually level three gank mid in a second here. I can clear this and then just go mid lane gank. He has no flash, no ignite right now. Finish this off and move. Walk around it. Z just ined. Okay, that works for me. I guess >> an enemy has been slain. >> Okay, no stress. Let's go do red buff. Ari just like walked in. Z died. If Z stayed on more distance, I could just clean up Arya and it's fine. But you wanted to like contest her there or something. It is okay. No problem. There was my bullet cams. I'm obviously slowed down a bit off that now, but it should be fine. Cue those in. >> Speed up my clear a little bit by smiting that. I believe Malight is probably going to end up being bot lane here. So, because I think he has the tempo advantage on me on the scuttle, I'm just going to run for top skull right away. Now, obviously, I went for like mid fight and I lost some time. There he is. I didn't respect it unfortunately. I could have maybe matched the bot lane gank. I thought my bot lane would be a bit more respectful after I pinged it, but I did not do that. So, could have matched it. Didn't just went for the other scuttle to get a scuttle. Check the raptors. Beautiful. I suspected him to start raptors there and he did. So, we get a nice little raptor camp. Pick this up. Leave a ward. Then after this, we look for mid play which might already be over. Please >> missed it. Are you Please let me tell me that Zed gets the kill. Okay, thank you. Jesus. No, you're trolling me with that one, bro. Come on. Just hold the wave here for a bit. It's all good. Make be a nice person to my Z. Take the E. I didn't get the uh the hit on Ari there. It was like a range off which kind of sucks, but it's all good. Back to the top side camps we go. We just clear again. I have one camp up on the M fight right now. Just hit the plant him. I don't think he's going to look for the invade. Oh, he is going AP. Okay, this guy's trolling. I guess we take that. He went blasting one. That is so in. Thank you, brother. You are going to be absolutely useless this game. Love to see it. That is very good for me. He's going first out of Malikans, but that is incredibly terrible. So, I'll take that. >> An ally. >> Actually, double death there. Really? Damn. On a turret dive, too. I will be level six after Raptors, I think. I hope I hit level six here. That'd be nice. Please. Nope. Not close enough. Yeah. So, we'll be back off backing off here. I think my best bet is just to go for dragon on this one. I could just smite this and use my ult for dragon and be fine with that. Clear a bit quicker. This will be,241 smite damage and this is a,000. So, he shouldn't be able to beat me still. If I just get my team's assistance on this for now, we'll be good. If they do not help me here, that would be incredibly unfortunate cuz I have double pryo. Make sure to get the ulti jump on this. Your camps only have a limit of six stacks. So, if you can get stacks from anything else, that is incredibly worth getting. So, getting an off the dragon here over like one of my camps is very, very nice for me. Chit, very good. And we'll just take the scuttle as well. Didn't get any kills early game so far, but that's completely okay. I'm pretty sure this guy's going to be on his gromp right now. Should be able to get a mid play off here, I would think. >> Oh, she dashed down. And back in. Should be a kill though. Nice. I'm fairly certain. Oh, I misclicked. That's not good at all. That's not even a skill I want to max second. I want to max my W second. So, that's even worse. Actually, can he even help me here? I don't know if he can. Nice flash. That was incredibly good flash. Even sadly, I didn't have my ulti yet. Damn. Top lane's missing, too. Okay, there he's back. That was close. That was close. Met no flash ulti. Got the giants belt. Stacking HP gives you clear speed as well because HP gives you pet damage. So, in case you're wondering about that one, I need to use my ulti basically as fast as possible in one of my camps right now. I'm very sad about that point in my Q. Horrendous misclick. 1,300 damage on the ulti. We want to make sure we eat the blue as fast as possible. Get towards those six jungle stacks that we can get. Very important to do this quickly. Full clear my camps here. I should be able to ulti at the end of my clear on the crux one more time as well. So, it gives me two stacks, which is good. And we're working on our hard steel right now. >> An ally has been slain. >> 500 gold. >> 30 seconds. That bot lane play is just not happening. What is happening with my auto attacks here 20 seconds on the ulti. So I can easily just ult like my kugs at the end here. Keep the stacks going. >> Slow early game is completely fine for me. My champ skills like an absolute monster, so I'm not worried about like not getting perfect kills or something in the early game. Finish that off. That'll die to the pet damage when it walks in. And then here we chomp this one instantly. W everything apart from the small one apparently. And we reset. We get this. We get boots. And we are off of our weakest stage of the game. Boots. Thank you. I can walk up to the grubs here. My ults in 40 seconds. Top lane should be a relatively easy kill. Mid lane is potentially doable, too. I think my smolder is cooked. >> I think they're both cook cooked. Actually, I stack them together with a Q. All fights coming this way. You for that? Are you serious? My Nefi isn't moving, which is a bit of a problem. >> Stall, stall, stall, stall. Nope, >> dude. Really? Nefiria? Wait, what? She was she not? I don't know. I guess that's cooked for us then, I guess. No problem. Uh, let's get my swifties. Damn. He like I didn't want to smite the first one. He just like straight up ulted into the first one. He got that one. My didn't come back fast enough as well. >> That's okay. >> Come on, let me ult you, bro. What do you mean? No way. He got hit as well, so she gets out. Nah. I was one range off. How do I not reach that? What are you talking about, bro? Oh my god, you're trolling. I feel so so done dirty there. It must I must have been so close. Now, Zyra keeps typing a bunch of [ __ ] as well. She full inst play by getting hit by the tornado instead of just keeping running and this doors tornado and then the guy dies anyway. If my Zyra didn't get hit by a tornado, I get a double kill there. Like not even trolling because she got hit by the tornado. I just get nothing. Very sad. Interesting. I will not be playing Ivvern basically ever. Don't get your hopes up on that one. Fur is bringing the wisdom and coms. Yep. See that? My my bot lane is absolutely giga griefing. It is what it is. Like they don't have no chill. They need to perma fight. They perma disrespect. And now they're just so far behind. We're just going to start losing no matter what. >> So that's really bad. >> Lost both my top camps. Yes, I did. Of course. Yeah, this is really cooked. Like my bot lane just cannot stop running it down right now. Nice. Perfect double kill. Beautiful. Very good. Max W second like a human being. Maxing Q second is incredibly int because your W gives you like 10 times the value. Definitely don't want to go for that. Bot lane's getting dove. I'm just going to run bolt because they're getting like very turret dove right now and it should be free clean up for me really. Like this guy is so low HP. This plant is up. I just go over the wall that he dies. There's nothing he can do. Nice. Made sure to get my proc. Try to wait out the exhaust. >> Nice double kill. Beautiful. I have no interest in giving the kill to Smolder at this point. Even though normally I would definitely do that. My bot lane is just trolling so hard. There's just no point right now. So, I'm very happy to just not do that here. Okay, we have 1,200 or 1400 smite and this is going to be 1300. Just going to lower this all the way. And we want to finish it with the ulti here. Chomp it. Very good. Nice. We're doing some very good damage at the moment. We can make this work. Bit of a tricky scenario to be in, but sometimes you just get an ining bot lane. You know, it is what it is. Such is life. >> I will almost be at my Deman's plates. >> I'll try to farm up my camps until I get it here and then we'll recall. I don't want to like recall now because then I don't have my deadman's blade and it's going to be awkward. Second rank and my ults huge. I'm currently on one stack from my camps I think. No, three stacks from my camps. Okay, three stacks from my camps, which means I can get three more stacks from my camps. He's probably going to back off. I'm just not going to go there. Clear this. And I want to reset. I don't want to get greedy here. Jump it. Reset. We're now on four stacks for my camp. So, I get to do two more stacks for my camps themselves, >> which should easily be one of my top side camps here. That played another health crystal. Beautiful. And go topside camps. My top side of the map is doing really, really good here. My bot side, not so much. But, you know, we're not going to play for it either. It just is what it is at this point. Here we go. 14 seconds on this. Honestly, I have nothing else to do. I'm going to wait for my ulti. Just wait for the stack here. Nothing else interesting going on anyway. Got my chomp on that. That's my fifth stack. So, I get one more. That's a good kill. And then we just run mid. I think my nefari actually just cleans this by herself. Really nicely done. I slide that to get an assist. Might as well extra W seconds. Very nicely played by Nefury there. That's what we like to see. Let's finish off the turretest. >> Walk forward. X camps is down. Get the turret down. Decent damage. I kind of just want to go for the scuttle here. I'm not going to fight this guy. He can He can leave. My Zyra is going to face check him though. Actually, that's right. No, he went down here. Okay. A little worried there for my Zyra. Still got to do one more stacks. I'm going to just eat this thing and I'll be done with my stacks. >> At that point, I never have to jump camps again, which is really nice. I need to move. Didn't even get the assist. >> Okay. >> Whoa. Wait, hold up. We're not walking here. >> My nefari isn't moving, so I just want to create some space here. Just go in, cue him. He doesn't have anything left. W the stew me. Get the hit. Beautiful. I insta flashed over because I saw my nefarious position and I'm not about to take a bunch of damage there. I'm just going to leave. I'm going to let that be. Get out of there. Wait for my nefarious toy to show up and then turn back around to fight. We're not going to do anything else. Let's finish off this Rift Herald. Now, the Rift Herald is not just a regular monster. So, I actually get to chomp this guy for additional HP as well, which is nice. 1475 damage. Can I hit the eye, please? Thank you. Jump it. Pick it up. Beautiful. Keep maxing W second. >> 10 stacks right now. Beautiful. We're incredibly tanky. Our entire top side is doing amazing this game. That's what we like to see. >> Yeah, Neferious Gaming. Nice. I could run here. This is definitely doable. Good day, Yaso. Silence. Walk up. E him. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. He's dead. Walk this guy into the air. Wait for my proc and then hit the proc. Get the double kill. Want to get my heart steel procs. Dragons in 20 seconds. I want to keep that up. I've already gotten two dragons so far. I would much prefer to play for Drake here. Please drake. >> If they win, that's fine. But like I really prefer to go for dragon. >> N we're good. This Met is absolutely giga ining his build. He went malignance into Zeke. So that's a free game of League of Legends essentially. like he is really trolling. If he went for the human build of just going Sunfire into Iceborn Gauntley, we would have had a much bigger problem this game. Let's get the ult as well. Chomp an additional stack. 11 stacks. Let's get out of here. Get our Rift Maker third. Very important. You do anything but Rift Maker third, you're trolling. >> This converts so much of my uh HP into damage right now. It's crazy. Got 67 ability power plus the 70 from the item itself. So again, 137 AP from a single item and it gives me a percentage damage increase as well. So as as the fight goes on, I do more damage. Finish this off. I have no more use of stacking my ult on camps because I'm already on six stack. So we're not going to like wait for ulti or anything like that. Our ult get kill on the enemy champions. Okay, kind of stuck here. I need to just move mid. Go in behind. That doesn't change anything. jump. I can't reach him, bro. And I get stuck in the cage by this as well. Lovely. Let's clean this up. Go for top wave. Use the Herald on top here. Going to go hit the turret. Why did I get Hello. The minion was right there, bro. Is it because I'm so such a big boy? I guess I am. That's going to be annoying, isn't it? Yeah, exactly. Just one shot this guy real quick cuz we do have damage. Walk him into the air. Ch. That's my kill. Knock this guy into the air. Missed it. Silence. E E N E and you're dead. Goodbye, brother. >> Chomp. Goodbye, brother. That is the DPS of Lechoath. No problem. Rift maker value right there. >> 17 seconds. We're hitting inhibitors right now. So, >> if they if they stop hitting the inhibitor and hit this instead, then we could have ended the game. I think it might be too late now. Actually, he was hitting inhibitor for too long. >> I believe it might be late. Yeah, it's too late here. It's okay. It's over. Just have to leave now. >> It's one of those moments where like if they just hit the turret from the start, we could have finished it, but then the death free timers caught up to us there. >> It's all good. >> Let's get out of here. We're not overstaying our position. Wait, why did my recall get cancelceled there? What? Why? Yoroic, you rat scum. You flashing the other way. You're trolling. Just get You are my next victim then, bro. Come back here. Stop trolling me, man. It's just above the threshold. Just slightly. Dude, my the Yoro cancelled me on this play here. Really? I'm so sad. That is actually just so sad. What are you talking about? All right, you cooked me. Time for a Force of Nature here. I got absolutely blasted there. More movement speed, more HP. Magic resist is going to be quite good here still. So, we're good. I got so scammed there. Like, I was just so close so frequently. It was crazy. >> One more hit that I would have gotten the chomp and everything. Let's get the HP. This also converts like this thing gives me, look at how much damage this gives me. 99 AP from just a passive. So that plus the get 169 AP just off of one item. My team is kind of trolling here. I'd prefer it if we can baron. Honestly, this is like so over by the way. An enemy has been slain. >> Please, Zara, >> Syra's plan damage should carry it. Okay, but somehow my team ended up winning that, but we should have been doing Baron like 10 years ago. I mean, at this point, the game is already over. I guess it doesn't really matter anymore. The realistic thing there is do Baron, clean up there, and we just go from it. But it's okay at this point. Baron is more of a for fun thing, I guess. Grunning up all the way here could have been a thing, but I don't know. Let me make sure I get my ulti off correctly. 1,700 true damage. Enemy team respawns here. I think we sensibly just do the dragon, get the soul, and then as my team comes back out of base, we just push to end the game. That is going to be the most optimal choice. This way they have no contest. Like now they recall, we can quickly do the dragon and as they walk back onto the map, we then finish the game off. I am so big. I could go for the ulti stack on this, but I will put it on a 37 second cool down and the next fight is basically going to happen within 37 seconds. So I'd rather not. Let's go for this dude. Getting slightly body blocked by my nefari. I am a very tanky boy. 7,000 HP. Even though I lost a little bit of HP, it was still good. We can heal off this real quick as well. Just chill passive. Small amounts, but it adds up. Just wait for my team to get in position. He flashed my ulti range. That's fine. Chomp him. He's gone. Silence. Hit him. Hit her. Goodbye, brothers. I'm still tanking the turret the whole time as well. >> Uh, and GG. Well played. Last item here would have been a jock show. That is it for Cho. I hope you enjoyed this one. If you like button, much appreciate it. Be sure to subscribe if you haven't and I'll see you guys in the end game stats. Okay, so for the end game stats here, I ended up doing a nice 23,000 damage, which is respectable, right? Like I'm basically building full tank, so I'm not expecting to do that much damage, but all of this damage is very relevant damage at the same time. So that is very good, too. We have 6.4k true damage, objective damage at 66,000 objective damage. Very strong. Did our job there. beautifully healing done 19k damage taken at 41.1 which is a lot and self mitigate another 33k here as well just basically just front lining creating the space for my teammates which is ideally what we want to be doing obviously still doing respectable damage but yeah the front lining part of it is the big one gold earn at the most here at 15.8,000 8,000 gold just ahead of nefari which largely just you know consistent farming good amount of kills very very consistent there for the runes we used the new version of the hill of blades which is an extra 509 damage on top of getting the hits off quick with your E still so the extra 509 damage might not look like a lot but that does actually add up and matter throughout the game like those extra hits and those engages can give you the additional kill or put you past the threshold for your ult just about which is quite quite nice cheap shot to go with that. We have grizzly momentos just as the option here. And then we want to take ultimate hunter for sure. The ultimate hunter and the halo blades are like the biggest ones here. These two are more so filler. Yeah, hallelu's really good for the E and an Ultimate Hunter obviously for the old cool down cuz that's really strong. And we have approach velocity to be able to stick to your targets a bit better. This is really really nice for this. And then cash back to give you additional gold income to just afford more items essentially. If you complete the hard steel, you can get the boots basically guaranteed and every single item from there on out is going to give you a little bit more gold every time, which is just quite nice. For the item builds, you're looking to go hard steel first item. This is just really strong skills with max HPs. And as you are building a lot of you're getting a lot of HP on Cho'Gath with your ulti, this damage just does real good numbers. Second item is Deadmond's plate. Get the movement speed. Get the damage off this. You want movement speed a lot in this build. As you see, I'm building that split. I'm building swifties. I will build like defensive boots if they just make more sense. Against a full AD comp, you're not going to go swifties. You're going to go steel caps. Against a team with a disgusting amount of CC locked down, I would still go merks. But in a lot of cases, swifties are just super solid. Third item will always be a Rift Maker. This thing is incredible on Cho'Gath because it the conversion just gives you so much AP. This one item can easily give Cho'Gath like 150 plus AP, right? In this game, I believe I got 175 out of it AP-wise, just a single item. And on top of that, I'm also getting the damage boost as the fight goes on and the omni vamp, right? So, it's really quite nice. Then here, if I did magic resist items, I usually would go for force of nature again, playing for the movement speed. This also gives you 130 uh 125 magic resist out of a single item as well, which is incredibly OP, right? Like such good magic resist, good movement speed, allows you to catch people, allows you to stick to people. Very good. And then the last item in this build setup is a jock show. Generally speaking, this will up the resistances for both and make your HP stat even more valuable essentially. And that will be a completed build. Uh if you have enjoyed this video, be please be sure to hit the like button. Be sure to subscribe as well. Join the memberships if you'd like. And I'll see you guys in the next one. Peace.
