Title: NASUS TOP NEW META BUILD! NASUS IS NOW UNSTOPPABLE (NEW) - 2026 Nasus TOP Gameplay Guide
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jmqIttKRNg

Content:
All right, guys. Welcome back to another YouTube video. Today, once again, playing some Nasus in the top lane again. Today, we have Nasus versus Warwick match-up. And for runes, we got fleet. We got triumph and haste. We got last stand, overgrowth, also running conditioning. Uh one thing I want to say, we're going to be going for the new meta build. Don't know if you guys have heard about this stuff, but uh Trinity Nasus is a thing of the past right now. Essence Reaver is the new item that everybody's going for. We're going to have a good time with that build today. The only thing is the match-up itself. Uh it's an easy match-up though. We can actually out-skill this guy incredibly easy. The only thing is when you go Essence Reaver build, is he can delete you from 100 to zero. Yeah, that's possible. But yeah, either way, guys, I'm not even kidding here. The Essence Reaver build is getting so popular, it's even showing in the recommendation right now in the shop. Never thought that the day would show up even Everybody's building it. I've actually ran into two people yesterday going for uh crit Nasus. It's crazy, man. It's very hard to believe. Uh we stay max range. Can we get that one? Yeah. All right. I'm going to try not to mess up the wave too much. We're just going to avoid the main trades for now. Once we have Once we get the Essence Reaver build, so we get specifically the sheen proc, we can start playing the game. Until then, we have to relax a little bit. Yeah, I'm not going to Never mind. I'm not going to auto attack. He's trying to avoid me getting the cannon. He He got me, man. I didn't get it. It's fine. Whatever. He delayed my cannon. It's not going to be the end of the world. Smart choice, honestly. So, the cool thing about Essence Reaver is uh you don't have mana issues once you build it. Okay. got the wave pushing into this guy. I think we could probably get a kill here because I think he doesn't have like proper vision yet. I haven't seen him walk there yet. So, I'm going to see if I can force something on this guy. I'm going to hold my queue and now we use it. Can we get it? I'm not going to take the tower. I much rather not do this. Nice one. Cool. Yeah, that's one of the advantages we have easily when we got the wave like go from tower and pushing into Warwick cuz he had the pressure on me in the first couple levels but then it starts stacking up in my favor. If my jungle is pathing top, we can actually get a very easy kill that way. Let's go for it. This and this. And then we go for one potion and a ward. Cool. Let's make it back. So, couple things you need to know. What people do right now is when they play Nasus, they go for two builds. It's Essence Reaver is basically the new meta item. And then you either go straight up into Infinity Edge or you go into the item that is the most popular which is this one right here. Which buffs up your ultimate basically you press alt, the item will function. You get some some crazy crits. You can also go Essence Reaver into the tank build and that's an extremely popular one as well right now. So, you basically have the same build you always go for but then you go like tank tank items after the Essence Reaver so. You start noticing like how high the damage is um once you get the first item. In the early game, it's all about maximizing stacks. That's it. Also, I'm going to try to avoid as many of the trades as possible just by staying like max range. Uh he's probably going to go forward. Trade right here. Can we get it? Nice. I'm trying not to cast my mana too much. I would say that's a fine trade. For now, like I think we could maybe grab another He's going to He's going to protect the cannon, I think, just like he did before. Can we get it? Yeah, he's trying to protect the cannon. He doesn't know it yet, but I'm forcing this fight super early so he doesn't notice that my jungler is up here. Uh nah, it is what it is. Maybe he can get something. Wow, are you kidding me? That even worked. I walked away cuz I thought it was not going to land. Either way, we won that very easily. I made sure I would start the fight incredibly early. By starting the fight very early, this Warwick doesn't notice that my jungler is here. So, that's how we basically get the kill there. Very nice. Okay, I want to go back very early. It'd be nice if I can save my teleport. Yep, let's get the uh sheen proc here. Nice. Let's go for this one, too, and we run back. Cool. So, uh that's basically the thing, right? We're playing Nasus the early game. You basically focus on scaling just like any other match up. Um for those that don't know, like Nasus is like one of the strongest mid game champions you could possibly play in the game just by focusing on stacking up your Q's. Now, this time we got the sheen proc. Uh Uh, we don't have potions, but I'm all right with this. We have uh we we I'm waiting to get like 100 stacks and then we can start playing like super aggressive, so we're getting there slowly. I'm going to see if I can stack the cannon there cuz this cannons uh they provide the most. I wouldn't be surprised if Warwick is going to try and stop me from getting the cannon here cuz he tried doing that twice before. Nope, doesn't seem to be the case. Nice. That's pretty good. Okay, we almost have 100 stacks. I'm going to look for trades now. I'm just going to stack the the wave there. Let's hold it. This is a really good position to be in. I like where this is. Very nice. Let's just keep holding it. Okay, we have 100 stacks now. Let's see what we can do. I'm going to try and focus on queuing the Warwick instead of the wave right now to get the damage in cuz the sheen proc will do that for me. The only thing is that Warwick is the type of champion that will constantly heal if it gets like really low health. So, that's basically the downside of playing against it. Let me stay max range. Got it. Okay. Walk away. He's going to block my cannon again, right? Just like he did before. Yeah, he's blocking my cannon. Unfortunate reality, man, but I will win this. Yep. There you go. He blocked my cannon for the third time and I get the kill. There you go. Now we just push it out and never happy. Uh let me check. Just want to get one of these. There you go. I will very soon have the Essence Reaver built, we're getting very close to it. Just need like 300 more gold, and that's it. So we're getting there. I'm going to ignore the Lucidity item for now, cuz I just want to get the item as quickly as possible. Um in terms of farm, we are actually ahead of the Warwick right now. It's not by a very large amount, we got like pretty much similar. If you can actually get like same farm into your opponent, like that's great. Typically with Nasus, you often fall behind cuz of the early trades. No idea if we can actually get this guy here. Uh I'm not going to trade in there. Okay. It's a massive fight going on. See if I can help. No. Pretty sure we can't find him right now. The only thing that's stopping me from doing much is I don't know where the jungle is. Okay. We're getting him low. The difference is I've also got sustain myself. Oh, whoops. Yeah, I got it. Well, we can actually buy the Essence Reaver built now, so things are going to get really exciting. Except the back port. Might also go for a few plates because I've got my TP anyways. Don't have a lot of mana here. Okay, let's proc this and then we run. I'm not going to wait for that plates. Much rather not. Okay. Here we go, man. The one thing we've all been waiting for. Um yep, let's run back. So, we've got the the Essence Reaver built. Now we just need to get the acidity and that's it. And then we can go like into the Youmuu's build and then we can go into like more crit as well. So, we're going Infinity Edge third. Let's hold it like this. I'm going to wait for him to move forward. We've got the crit now so we can just one v one this guy. If we get lucky, we get like a lot of nice crits. Look at him, man. He's scared to move forward. Every second we get stronger, too, cuz I might my ability haste is like big enough right now. I can just queue every single last one very easily. I think that the jungle's moving top. I think we might get into a one v two here cuz I saw him in mid lane. We got to be a bit careful here. Nope, he's not actually here. My damage, man. That's one single queue. We can like basically perma slow this guy cuz of the essence reaver right now. So, it's basically unplayable for him. Look. I mean, simply just queue the cannon here. 250 stacks so far. Nope, nice try, buddy. Got it. Let's get the wave here. I'll try and get as much as possible. And we get tower. We almost got 300 stacks. Let's push this wave out here. And then we go back. All right, here we go. We only need 700 gold to get into the secondary item. It's not that much. Let's make it back top lane. Got sign like camping the blue buff. Yeah, this is where things get the most exciting. If you can get the secondary item, you can just press R, you can just go in whenever you feel like it. That's the item that gives like the most uh the most damage. That's one single Q, man. Uh managed to slow him. I was not able to reach. Okay. Now, let's make it back top lane once again. I'm just going to farm it out until I can buy the item cuz I've got blue buff anyways. And I've got Essence Reaver, so I don't just I just don't run out of mana anymore. I can just Q infinitely. Let me stack the cannon here. See how many I can get on the tower. I'm just going to spam everything I got. I'm not going to run out anyways. He tried to push me under tower. And back to stacking Q's. I keep him permanently slow with my W cuz I don't run out of mana anyways. Nice try, buddy. No, I should be fine. Next. Next. Oh, man. I still got that blue buff, dude. All right, I can buy the item now. I wonder if I could maybe grab more plates on tower here. >> Yeah, I still have to buy my item, bro. Still have to get my secondary item. Oh, man. You guys saying why Essence Reaver? It's the new meta item. Oh, it seems like my top lane is trolling the game now. It's going mid lane, doesn't want to go top lane anymore. Okay, uh So, the third item is the Infinity Edge item. We could also go for tank items, which is basically what you could do next. So, the thing is from here it really depends. You could go for full crit Nasus by going Infinity Edge third. Or you can go like tank items with Nasus. Um this is where it's completely situational on like on the type of match. I'm not going to go for team fights. I will just stay on the side forever. So, um if you have a really really hard match, you go for the typical like tank build after these two items. If you have a super easy match like we are doing right now, like we are just seven and out at the moment, I'm not expecting to be feeding in all this match. Then we go Infinity Edge builds. Let's go. Uh one thing I do want to say is like it feels incredibly weird to be playing with crit. That's what I will say. Okay, check out. I'm going to use my ultimate. Um we need him to get closer here. Okay. This most of them are in the Most of them are Drake. I'm going to run for this. Yeah, got to stay safe. That's it. I think that we're going to get chased down. I could heal up myself. Yeah, let's do that. And and you know what you know what the most funny thing is? Is this Nautilus is actually a tank. Yeah, buddy. Try it. Okay, back to the top lane. He almost got 500 stacks, man. Look at the numbers, man. Look at the numbers. I don't know, man. But yeah, the Infinity Edge is also showing up in the in the shop right now as like a recommendation. It's just Bro, it's funny that crit Nautilus is actually becoming a thing right now. It's ridiculous. Look at this, man. I don't have much to say about it. I mean, he doesn't want to try anymore? He doesn't want to try and beat up the crit Nautilus? Check this out. Boom. Where is guy? Boom. Crit Nasus, man. I'm looking forward towards getting Infinity Edge. Yeah, we also have big damage on my auto attacks, of course. Uh let's go for Infinity Edge. Let's grab it. Cool. Um let's sell that. Let's go for a long sword. I'm going to go bot lane. So, after we have the This is basically the core build from the crit build. Um after these three items, I would recommend to build into tank items, cuz that's just the way our Nasus is. You have to need some item. Bro, that guy is literally trolling. That guy's trolling, man. This guy doesn't care anymore. 1.6 big gold. Bro, you can tell that this Warwick is just inting the game at this point. Let's push this out. It's I I cannot believe that this is actually becoming meta on Nasus. I I don't know. When I look at the animation from the crit, I'm just like, how is this even possible? I just don't understand. He messed it up. Bro, you want to see something funny? Check it out. One single Q, I think, is all it takes. See? Boom. Ah, unfortunately not. Okay. Let's go back to I want to see if I can grab the tower, man. Shouldn't matter. I can heal. Want to see something funny? 1,000 damage. No problem, man. Okay. 1.7 K damage with one single Q. Sounds fair. Sounds very real. Want to see something funny? Oh, I was going to go in. Never mind. Okay, want to see something funny? Oh. Unfortunate. Let me just heal up. All right, we're back to full. Oh, my soul didn't help. Okay. Oh, we need these guys to walk back. Okay, check this out. Boom. Boom, one single Q. I wonder if I could flash him. Boom. One single Q, man. Check this out. One single Q. There you go. Uh, I don't want to use old. Okay, let's go back real fast. I want to go for this one here. Uh, this item allows you to stay alive. It's a very valuable one. The last item we're going to go for is a little bit situational. We could go for more damage, but we already have a lot of damage. So, what I'm thinking about is um I'm thinking about Jack, but we'll see. >> Spruce this out. Oh, man. It's just hilarious how people have like made this off and now it's like becoming meta and everybody's building it. It's so meta that it's even showing up in the shop as a recommendation. I just find that so funny, man. I don't know. It's just I'm I'm almost confused by it. Very nice. Look at my queues, man. It's so stupid to look at. I don't know. Got it. Just look at my queues, man. You know what? I I can't even like I I can't believe like I'm actually recording this game on my meta channel. You know? Normally I would upload these things on my top lane off meta channel. But you know, since this is this is meta, like this is what people do right now. It's it's super weird, man. It's just weird to me, bro. I cannot believe it. 2,000 damage. Wait, check this out. Oh. Oh, man. The only thing that's not doing a lot of damage on Nautilus here, but he's a full tank anyway. I'm I'm going to be like full build very soon. Let's walk away. He has to walk my direction. Maybe if we're lucky they're uh I think we got something here. I actually don't know because I think I feel like they got vision, man. Okay, I might build a uh I think I already know what I'm going to build. I'm probably going to go for GA towards the end. Cuz that will give me survivability, which I'm definitely going to need. Oh, no. I could bait it. Yeah, there's more people right behind him. Or not. He did not expect my auto attack crit. Oh, that's so funny. He thought that my Q was the only damage source. But little does he know, man. That I have damage on even my auto attacks. 1.4k damage. Oh, man. 1.4k damage. That's that's that sounds that sounds right. Hey, come back to me, buddy. You see this guy? I don't know what you're talking about, man. I don't see anyone. Let me Let me buy a My team wants to farm the enemy team. Dude, let me quickly get this one. Check this out. Uh let me buy this. All right, here we go, man. Let's go like Let's go crazy mode. Your team has destroyed an inhibitor. Oh! They surrendered the match. Oh, no. Hey, you the way, this is uh Nasus top lane. Thank you guys for watching today's Nasus top lane video, and I'll see you guys next time. Peace.
