Title: SEASON 2 PREVIEW! (New Champion - Role Reveal, New Boots & more)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iXMpjPkxP5A

Content:
Season 2 of 2026 is arriving soon. New boots, new skins, mention of a new champion, and a massive arena update. Let's dive right in. Season 2 will be heading to the outskirts of Demacia, where we'll follow Vayne as she hunts demons. Unlike before, this season will last only six patches instead of the usual eight. Next prestige skins this year will be Shaco and LeBlanc, followed by Veigar in season 3. We'll also get some variety skins, like Rain Shepherd Ivern, Project Quinn, Breathsick Irelia, and Spaghetti al a la Vel'Koz. Your shop is coming back on May 5th, while the Blue Essence Emporium is coming back on May 13th. Riot also mentions a new champion. The next champion released will be a mid-lane AP assassin. Now let's look at the gameplay changes. Top and mid-lane quests will get adjustments. Riot is trying to make it so roaming or proxying is not so penalized anymore. Rewards are also being adjusted. Top lane reward will provide more experience for team fighting, while mid-lane empowered recall is being swapped for a 6% bonus AD and AP. Riot's aim is to better reward a wide variety of classes and champions. And they are also starting to invest more into supporting alternate builds, such as AP Ezreal, AD carry Kennen, or attack speed Xin Zhao. Two keystones are being added back, Deathfire's Touch and Stormraider's Surge. Stormraider's Surge is replacing Phase Rush as an alternative movement speed run. Items are also getting some changes, including an update to Dusk and Dawn. We'll also get two new starting items and new boots. And these boots will be Omnivamp boots. We don't know how these items look or their numbers yet, but I'll be sure to follow it up as soon as possible. Trailblazer and Opportunity are being removed from the game. Now let's have a look at some ranked changes. After four old testing, Riot is finally enabling WASD for ranked in patch 26.9. Later in the season, Riot will also add an amazing feature, an option to end the game early when game-ruining behavior is detected. In such case, players on the allied team will be LP neutral, while players on the enemy team will receive full LP, as if they had won the game. Offending player and their premier party will all lose LP, of course, on top of offending player being penalized. Now let's have a look at one of the biggest arena patches in history. Standard arena games will be replaced with events. Three events throughout season 2 will be 3 x 6, so six teams of three players, Bravery, where you have to go Bravery or a Crowd Favorite, and Swift Arena, where there are only four teams of two and the games are quicker. Ancestral Woods Arena is being reworked, and it will no longer have just one power flower. In the center of the map, there will be Balwark Blossom. When you last hit it, you will get a large heal and shield. There is also a completely new arena, Petricite Grove. It has mining bombs that can be knocked around, and when colliding with opponents, it will deal a lot of damage. Augment levels are also coming, so you can supercharge your favorite augments. After selecting two levelable augments, future augment offerings will also offer you the ability to level an existing augment instead of taking a new one. 20 new and reworked Gestures of Honor are coming. For example, Nocturne that creates dark zones, or Shaco who makes all of your augment rolls random tiers. There will also be over 30 new to arena augments, some ported from ARAM and some completely new. That's it for now. Let me know what do you guys think about this season. Cheers.
