Title: this NOCTURNE jungle BUILD is BROKEN his ULT is on a 60 SECOND CD???
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MNoFw6eN04

Content:
Buy coaching. I'm streaming. You know, I'm willing to admit whenever I'm wrong. And with lethal tempo on Nocturne, I think I was wrong. I've been running this recently and I've been really liking it. So, with lethal tempo, you build up bonus attack speed as you hit the enemy. And then the real trick, in my opinion, with lethal tempo is comboing it with Experimental Hexplate. We get this bad boy as our first item, you get a lot of attack speed as you ulti, and then that helps you stack up the lethal tempo. Most other champions, they want to they want to buy AD and stuff with that lethal tempo early, but not Mr. Nocturne. Nocturne gets all that AD for free. With our Q, we deal damage, we get extra movement speed as we're on top of the mist, but we also get bonus AD. That goes all the way up to what is it? 40? 55. That's more It's like a full item's worth of bonus AD on this Q eventually, which is crazy. So, yeah, we'll be doing that. They recently buffed Nocturne as well, giving him more damage on the passive, question mark. He's slightly stronger. It's nothing serious, though. For the rest of our abilities, the W gives us bonus attack speed for free. And then it blocks abilities. When you block an ability, you get even more attack speed. Two points in the Q as we keep clearing. Nocturne's going to clear all the camps every single time, no matter what, in the early game. And we're trying to power up. I'm sure you know, farm till level six, but listen, do you act like it? Do you act like it? Be honest. You don't have to lie to me. No, sometimes I wander around and I click towards lanes and then they click away and then I and then I spend 40 seconds on the map. I know. Well, listen, that's okay. Today, that all changes. No longer will we waste time because a white guy on the internet told me how to do otherwise. So, once we finish our clear here, cute, game plan will be to take scuttle and just reset. If you take scuttle and reset, and then clear your camps again, you can do whatever you want after that. But, more often than not, you can play to take the enemy camps. Into the river. Our E gives us a fear that channels, and also deals some magic damage. Against Master Yi, if we fear him away when he's ulting, it's actually kind of funny. He just runs at the speed of light. All righty. There goes my bot lane. Am I canceling my recall? No, no, no. No, no, no. I'm going top lane. I'm so smart. Got my items. My bot lane lives. Yippee! And you'll see, you'll see. It all comes from the second turn reaction. Not immediately, but later. Nocturne was designed with sluggers in mind for the slowest players possible. So, we'll take the top side scuttle. And then, back to our respawn krugs. But, couldn't you stayed on the map and done that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. But, now we have ruby crystal long sword. So, once that dragon comes up, we can fight that. If you stay on map, you have to recall after. No items, can't fight. Yep, farming junglers. The first step is like getting on rails with them. Learning just to farm the camps every single time, no matter what, always. And then, once you get good at them, you'll know when to skip the camps. Then, and only then. And that makes sense. It's like in any other facet of life. Once you have the discipline, then you actually have some freedom. Master Yi is feeling it right now, though. Get out. Master Yi has Berserker Greaves, bruh. I would invade his Raptors, but who knows. We got both Scuttles, so we got that going for us. Nice. Okay. No flash on Mr. Swain. Time for the dragon. My bot lane killed them. I'm in business, baby. Pull this bad boy out. Word from my bot lane. Kind of. Damn it, I missed the Scara ward. Don't tell them. This Chemtech dragon kicks your ass, man. Once he gets low on HP, he gets so much attack speed. When you're doing the dragon, save the E. Here comes Master Yi. Q. Job's done. And we get level six. I don't think I can use my ulti here. TF's not landing. These guys are under turret. Another reset. Good job, Nocturne. Tunneler. Dagger, long sword to the top side. Nocturne, you're so good. You're so good at clearing and resetting. No one does it like you. 50 CS to 36. Level six to level five. You're so good, Nocturne. With our ulti, we turn the lights off. We dash towards a target and deal damage. So, now we can actually gank. Twisted Fate is actually hard countered by Nocturne. He ultis and then I ult. Oh. Q. Alto. Oh, that's too bad. Alto, E. Still get the fear off. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Q, hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Lethal tempo stacked up. Never mind. Back to the camps. Lucky me, I got the scuttle crab with my jungle pet. Lol. You're so good, Nocturne. Nobody Nobody clears camps and just walks to the next damn thing like you. Nobody. Not any other human with a pulse. You're so good. Nocturne's a real honest champion, too. You're just a bunch of stats. HP, AD, and now attack speed. And if we have more than the enemy does, congrats, we win. When it comes to the fights, too, our passive heals us, and you lower the passive cool down with each auto attack, and we get so much damn attack speed that you should really just run into the enemy and hit him with all you got. Don't coward freak out whenever you go into the fight. Just keep running into him and hit him. Results may vary, but listen, it's worth a shot. Okay, ulti. Q E W, hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Job's done. Going to play for the void grubs. Twisted Fate went bot and died. Master Yi has to make a choice here to contest these or not. And where I'm way stronger than him, we're just going to challenge that. Q. Pull them together. Hello, Master Yi with a recurve bow. It's up to him to come challenge us. Q E Alto Alto Alto, he's feared, and he's dead. Thank you, Master Yi. He got him. He didn't even get the void grub. Bro, my jungle pet is We need to pay this guy extra. My jungle pet got the void grub and it got that scuttle. No. Good job, Scorchclaw pup. All right. We got our first item completed. This item owns. Experimental Hexplate, AD attack speed HP. 30 ultimate ability haste when we ulti, more attack speed, more movement speed. So, we land on top of them with our Q giving us 45 bonus AD, which is ridiculous. And then we have a bunch of attack speed and movement speed to stay on top of them to either land the E or to continue to get our auto attacks or just in a straight-up 1 v 1, yet you get a ton of attack speed. And it lowers our ulti cool down. Like, bruh, what an item. Going to clear all my camps now. Ulti's down. We won the objective fight and it's a minute 30 till the next dragon. And it's Master Yi's turn to attack. I won't be looking for any active plays cuz I don't have to. No. Maxing the E second. Smite this bad boy. Off we go. Me farm camp. Me so good. I'm so good. I'm not skipping camps. Haha. Bro, you can go from like iron to at least gold by just never skipping the camps. You don't have to play the fight properly. You don't have to do the proper build. Nothing. Just don't skip a camp and then fight. God bless. You're on your way. All righty, an insanely high Elo tactic coming up. We just recall. We do nothing. I don't wander up top lane. I don't wander mid lane. I just recall. Never before seen. Ninja Tabi, Ruby Crystal to the bot side. Oh jeez, to the bot lane. These guys are dead. That guy's dead. With my ulti I can try to clean up the play though. They're pushing together, it doesn't make my conditions great. Not going to ulti just for a funny kill here. These guys are super stacked up too. They're trying to anticipate my ulti way too hard. To the dragon, the enemy bot lane is chunked. To the mid lane, hold up. Damn it, it's warded. You can hover over Nocturne's ulti to see the range when you're looking for a play. Once we get our second point in it, the range on it becomes a lot lot longer. Master Yi, come on the dragon. Come on. No contest. Job's done. Unless Come on Morgana, throw that Q. Back to the camps. All righty, two dragons, the void grubs, all the objectives, all the camps, and some kills. A pretty good early game. As we enter the mid game, we got to get a lot tankier. Got to get a lot tankier, so we'll see. Step one will always be as you farm the camps, you get a level up. The level up makes you pretty tanky. More HP, more armor. You. Whoops. Like truly nothing's happening on the map. It'll be an ulti for me one day. TF and Master Yi into bot lane. Okay, just just Master Yi into bot lane. In low elo your team would probably be pinging you a thousand times. Dude, Master Yi ganked my lane and you didn't. Bro. And you know, they kind of have a point, but listen. Farm your camps and it will all work out mid game. We can kill Mundo for sure. Ulti. Q E, hit him. That guy's instantly dead. Take the whole turret. Because Master Yi ganked bot, I can gank top without any contest. That's an easy kill. Job's done. Finally I get to use the ult. Oh, I know what I wanted to build. Axiom Arc. Little bit of this. I'll just hold on to that cloth armor and ruby crystal. It delays the Axiom, which isn't good, but we're just going to stack the ultimate items. Axiom Arc eventually giving us more ultimate haste. Brutalizer long sword, more damage for now. And with all my camps down, now I can start playing more aggressive into the enemy jungle. Getting control over the enemy jungle gives you better position for ultis, lets you take more from the enemy, getting yourself stronger and putting them behind. It gives you more opportunities to fight. We're stronger as we enter the mid game and we're just a big slug of HP and AD. The only way to use that is to fight the enemy. And you're not going to fight the enemy if you're in your own jungle. If you're in your own jungle, then the enemy's fighting your allies, you're not there. That's not good either. I get level 11 off blue buff and then it's time to rock. Our ulti will be up. All righty, second point our ulti, more damage, lower cool down. I'm going to look for it immediately. Twisted Fate, I love you. Ulti. Q E W. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. He's dead. Drop that turret aggro by going forward and we are good. Into the Rift Herald. Good job, Mundo. You almost got him. Check this out. W. Wow. My ulti is a 65 second cool down. Lol. Now listen, Bob. You might be thinking, "Well, this is just because your allies are good." Even if your allies suck, it's the exact same rotation. Nothing changes with Nocturne. Life slug reaction. This guy is on rails all the time. 10 seconds on my ulti. Q to the top side. Uh-oh. Sorry. I thought they were going to attack Garen, but they didn't. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ulti. Yeah, alto alto W alto Q. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. I have too much attack speed. Drop the rift herald. Into the bot side, the dragon's coming up. A little snack on the way there. What? My bot lane's going to be able to push. I'll be taking the dragon. They're chasing Lissandra. Because I don't have ulti, I'm not looking for a fight. I'm not going to stand around and waste my time, either. Kill Lissandra. It's fine. Chop's done. All righty, very nice. My ulti's coming up again, so if the enemy attacks my bot lane, then I can ulti. That's one of the value having so much ulti haste. Gives the enemy way less room to actually play. That's our third dragon, too, so that puts us at soul point with the next one. My bot lane's pushing, so into the enemy jungle. Chop's done. Axiom arc, ninja tabi, and then we'll go black cleaver next. The axiom arc plus the experimental hexplate is so much ultimate haste. So much. We get AD, we get lethality, which is a lot of damage, and then we get 20 ability haste. Whenever we get a kill or assist, it reduces our ulti cool down as well. So, you can do one ulti, farm some camps, and then do another one really, really, really fast. And the more ultis you have in the mid game, of course, the more impact you're going to have. Axiom Arc might seem like an offensive item second, but it all works out. And then for our third item, we'll go for that Black Cleaver. That will basically be our full build. Want to clear all my camps one more time, and then the mid game truly commences. Not reaching for these ultis because we have such a lead already. We don't have to do anything. Ha. When you're rich, you don't have to go to work and make more money. Uh-huh. Kill these guys. Ulti. What? E auto, auto, auto, auto, Q auto, W. Can't gold card me. That guy's dead. Onto the next one. Second E. Get the fear. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Nice. Jeez. Nocturne slices and dices. Oh my god. Take this whole wave. Don't mind if I do. Job's done. Killing spree. Oh, 7 seconds on my ulti. Swap to the blue trinket now. Your team has destroyed a turret. And with the base gates, I can just get into the enemy's jungle, be in position to ulti if they fight mid. And these sort of game states where your team's winning very hard and they're pushing, the real trick is to just not really reach for the ultis. Let a fight start first. Ulti. Q E alto alto that guy's dead. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. That guy's dead. 30 seconds on my ulti. Push push push push push push push. On to the next turret. Right, so you let the fight start and then you get in there. Don't reach for the ultis. Don't dive with the ultis when your team has a lead cuz the enemy will be under turret. You'll just die. Push push. Master Yi sold all of his items. I was wondering. Right here, ladies. Run. Run. Okay. Ulti. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. That's all I got. Uh she just walked right into Caitlyn's Push push push push. If I'm alive and breathing. Master Yi come play. Bro. You we just took one of his red side rotations and that's that. GG final score is 7-0 and 4. Hope you enjoyed it. Hope you learned something. Try out this build, man. Lethal Tempo Hexplate and Axiom is OP OP. Thanks for watching, Bob. See you in the next one. Peace. Buy the ultimate jungle guide now. She's a work in progress, but for now it will go over the basics play jungle correctly, understand it, and to climb.
