Title: THIS NEW BURN RUNE MAKES KARTHUS DO ILLEGAL AMOUNTS OF DAMAGE (DEATHFIRE TOUCH)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PbCy74VxFHI

Content:
All right, guys. In this game, we're playing Carthus Bot and Daiisa. It's Carthus Nami and Disa Bot, and we're going to be trying the brand new rune that's coming into League next season. Uh, I mean, technically, it's not a new rune cuz it used to be in the game. It's called Death Fire Touch. Damaging a champion with the ability burns them, uh, depending on your AP and AD adapted damage per second. After burning them for 3 seconds, the damage of the burn increases by 100% while they remain on fire. It's pretty much a burn ruin and it's in the sorcery tree and it's very, very, very broken on Carthus and I'll show you guys why it's so broken. So, off the bat, you can see right here, we're just fighting, but I already have a rune that does damage compared to Dark Harvest level one. Um, okay, he flashes my Q. We got the heal. Good heal by Nami. I think what this guy flashed on me. I can just flash the brand W. I know that looked like ridiculous to flash like that, but trust me, it was a good flash just because I would have got hit by the uh by the uh brand W right there. So, you can see already 80 damage off my burn level one uh 1 minute into the game. I think this rune might actually be better than Dark Harvest bot lane just because um like when you're fighting a 100 like like they're 100 HP your 100 HP your damage your your burn is doing more damage compared to having Dark Harvest cuz Dark Harvest only works when they are below 50%. Right. So this rune is honestly very very very strong. Um wouldn't be surprised if it gets nerfed and um I mean it does also work on AD champions too. Now, I don't know who would go it on AD champions. I think back in the day, people used to go it on Jin, but uh I don't know if you would still go on Jyn now, but I remember back in the day, people definitely used to go it on Jin. Okay, we're level two. They're level two as well, but they have no sums. Nami can hit EI. I can just run these guys down and ignore the wave. This looks really troll, but I can just ignore the brand and just kill the Kai'Sa. I missed a few Q's. I'm not going to lie. I mean, I am playing on 80 ping. I'm not used to the the ping cuz it's the PBE servers, right? Um I did miss a few Q's. If I didn't if I landed a little bit more QES, I think I would have actually lived there. So, my bad on that. But so far, I mean, we're just doing this for the rune test. You can see we already did 180 damage off uh DFT, uh 50 damage off scorch, and 150 damage off last stand. It's only 2 minutes into the game. Uh this this item or sorry this rune is going to have some crazy burn in the mid game if we just keep on fighting. And um I I feel like the scaling on it in general is really good too. I mean I'm down to just keep fighting. Uh I think I'm just going to keep running at them. As soon as Nami gets here, I'm just going to keep fighting. They have a brand support and I think this rune is also very very very broken on brand. I I can see why he wants to play it. I'm not 100% sure if it's uh like really as strong as me early game, but definitely once he has items, it's really good, too. I don't really have a ward for their jungler. I don't know exactly where he is. They're playing kind of p Okay, their jungler's mid. I think he's doing a double crab. Uh he I mean, he's pathing away, so obviously he's going to the top crab here, which means we can play aggressive. They do walk in. I think I'm just going to play aggressive. The Brand missed everything. I'm just going to ignore him. He has no mana. Nice try on the bubble right there. Unfortunately, it's not enough, but it is a triumph diff. I I don't know if I 100% would have died cuz Brand is Oo, but uh I mean, he does end up dying. So far, so good in the runes. 280 damage off DFT. I think I'm just going to dive this guy and take the death. I don't even care. Okay, nice. Nami got the kill unfortunately, but that's still okay because I can push in the wave. Um you can get the plate if you want. Oh, don't die though. Oh. Oh my god. I think my Nami did didn't realize she was tanking because the wave was coming in. I was kind of pinging for her to get the plate and unfortunately she started recalling. I mean, I'm sure she's on a high ping as well. So, I don't blame her. PBE isn't really about the gameplay itself. It's more about uh testing stuff. So, in general right now, you know, even if we win or lose, I don't really care. I'm just here to test the the ruins. Now, in terms of draft, um I will say our draft is pretty hideous. We have a uh Lilia top. We have a Teemo jungle. And we have a Yoro mid. And if he goes AP Yoro, that means we are 5 AP, which makes this game kind of hard technically if we're trying to win. But uh I mean, like I said, it doesn't really matter. We're level five. I'm just going to run at them here. You can see the burn that's ticking on the brand right there. You see how he's burning over time? That's my DFT. It's just a absolute burn, like a monster burn. And uh like once I have my blackfire touch as well, it's even or sorry, Blackfire torch, it has even more burn damage uh in general. But the thing is like who do you guys think would abuse DFT the most? Um this guy walked in. Okay, there's the flash. I mean, I'm just trying to play super aggressive. He hits me with the the stun. That was a good stun by him. But you can see even though I'm talking about my burn, we're getting cooked by this brand. He's doing pretty decent damage. He has no flash, so he dies. Got the triumph. Uh, he should be dead as well. We don't have any mana, though. But at least I can use my passive. He's pretty squishy, honestly. We're doing a lot of damage. And we do end up dying, but we can kill him, too. Okay, triple kill. Not bad, dude. Oh, wait. I didn't R. I mean, I I can I can probably R after base. Um, I think I'll just click R here cuz I see he's low. I'm pretty sure I'm just going to click R. I think Nami can press E on me, too. That would be great just for the damage he does. She ends up using it. That's great. Okay, guys. 6 minutes into the game. 600 damage from my DFT, 93 damage off Axiom Arcanist, almost 200 damage off Scorch, and 500 damage off last stand. We are 6 minutes into this game, and I'm telling you, this might actually be broken on Carus. Like, we are just doing so much burn. The best part is we got our full item now. We have our um our deathfire torch or sorry blackfire torch. I keep messing up the words uh deathire touch and blackfire torch are so similar that I keep messing up the words. But yeah, we do have our item here. So we can try to definitely fight. Kaisa doesn't have an item and I think Bran still has no flash. So if he does walk in, we can definitely fight. He dropped a pink for some reason. Got him with the with the Q plus another Q. I mean he's he's going to all me obviously, but he does end up dying. He's not doing okay. actually does more damage than I anticipated. Okay, nice uh Nami alt as well. Hits hits the Kaiso with the Nami R and he ends up dying. I'm fine with just this fighting over and over. Like we're at 10 kills at 7 minutes, but like look look at the rune damage so far. It's honestly going amazing. Now, it obviously if I had Dark Harvest, maybe the stacking would be definitely better into the mid/ late game, but at the same time, I think the early game damage you have with these runes is kind of nice. >> Enemy double kill. >> Wow, he actually killed them. Okay, you can see Teemo has DFT. Yoro has DFT. Lilia also went conquer though. She didn't go DFT, but that is surprising. I feel like it would be pretty good on Lilia as well. They're going in here. I mean, I guess they're just going to play aggressive. That's fine. They're going to kill my support. Support ends up dying. We can probably trade some kills. I'm barely missing this guy. Oh my god, I missed too many Q's on him, I guess. Uh, dude, honestly, what I should have done originally is just ignored the brand and killed the Kai'Sa. And I probably would have lived, but somehow this guy was faster than I thought he was. That's my bad. Sorry, not me. I mean, he's pretty low. I do see him. I'm just going to click R. He should die, I think. Okay. Yeah, he dies. Oh, I actually killed the brand, too. My burn actually killed him. I I I guess the DFT plus Axiom Arcane has ended up killing him. We're at almost 1,000 damage on my rune and it's only 9 minutes into the game. This is feeling really, really, really strong. I think that this rune is going to be really broken on Carthus bot. Carus jungle, I'm not 100% sure if I would do this in the jungle, but I could try it later. But in bot lane, it's feeling really good and it's definitely going to be way better than going airy in uh mid/top lane as well. This guy's already kind of quarter HP. I think it's cuz of my alt. Oh my god. Two Q's kills him right there and he ends up dying to Brand flashed in. Nami tried to flash. He dies to burn. But I mean it's a two for two, but honestly we're at 15 kills at 9 minutes into the game. I think I'm happy with that. You know, like I mean I I mean he's going to lose more than I do off that. Bran got the kill, too. It's not even Kai'Sa got it, so it's it's whatever. I think at this point in the game, I've been diving their um their Kai'Sa so much that I think their Brand is Yeah, obviously Brand has more kills than Kaisa. I think he's honestly doing more damage than their AD. So yeah, their AD is going the new static shiv. I'm pretty sure that's the new static shiv build. And also their Illaoi has the new boots that uh they added into the game. There's so many changes coming out in the new season. I'm excited to try them all out. These guys are playing super aggressive. The burn they're doing is kind of nasty. Uh, this brand is doing a lot of damage, but I want a base here just because we have our second item. Two items 10 minutes into the game. Not too bad at all. Let's just take the base and get our uh Leandre. I I do want to complete my bot quest ASAP. For those who don't know, the balling quest is getting nerfed uh for the next season. It's not a It's not a big nerf, it's kind of a small nerf. What they're doing is instead of 50 gold per takedown, it's going to be 40 gold. So, you're losing 10 gold per takedown, which is not a massive nerf. I think it's kind of whatever, but yeah, it's still I mean, a nerf is a nerf, you know? We're so close to completing our quest, but every time I walk up, this brand is kind of nuking me in the the damage. Like, he's actually outdamaging uh me. Sorry, he's out damaging the Kai'Sa. He's his his DFT has done almost the same damage as mine, but that's because his passive literally has the burn in it. So obviously this rune is going to be the best on Brand, but I would say Carthus is definitely a runner up. I think I have to exhaust this guy just cuz he does so much damage. So we do exhaust him. Um and we kill her as well. Not too bad. I would say our damage is kind of disgusting. I had to exhaust the the Brand though because it seems like he's definitely doing way more than their AD. The poor Kaisa is three and eight and uh the Brand has the all the kills. But the funny thing is we are at 17 kills. Out of 19 kills we have on my team. We are 18 out of 19 KP. Now the thing is this game is unironically going to be really hard though. Even though I'm so fed because we don't really have the kit or the damage to kill the Yoro or sorry not the Yoro, the Illaoi cuz Yoro is going AP as well. So um technically we are 5 AP. Now, I don't know how hard this game's going to be, but we will try our best to win. These guys are playing super aggressive. I'm down to go in. I got hit with the Oh, there's an Illaoi here. I'm just going to flash and kill this guy. He's dead. We're g getting pretty decent gold out of him. Maybe he dies if Nami can do some damage. It's so close. Okay, he actually ends up dying. Yeah, nice. We did pretty decent burn damage right there. Ferrari had 1,400 damage with the Axiom. Arcane is doing 300 and the last stand doing 6 um 1,600 I meant. The only problem is uh Illaoi is very very fed and he's going to be stacking a lot of MR this game now. I think we're going to have to get Void Staff for sure ASAP cuz he's already starting to buy MR too. Can I solo him? I mean, he's tanking turret. I'm down to trade one for one. If we die, it's okay. Oh, he actually has barrier. Oh my god, he has barrier and I'm I'm missing every Q. This guy's too good at the movement. I actually die. Wow. I guess that was kind of a demonic death. I definitely did need to run it down into him or just wait for my Nami, but um yeah, I didn't expect the barrier. I'm pretty sure he would have died if he didn't get the barrier off, but my bad. Funny thing is is that we actually lost our bot turret before we got their bot turret, but that's cuz the Lowi pulled up. So, it's technically it's not like we lost the the the turret 2v2. I mean, bro, I'm trying to carry this game so hard. Like, look at the score line. We're we're 20 out of 21 KP. My top laner is 1 and2. My Teemo's 0 and6. My Yoro is 0 and5. And we're all AP. And um I mean the the Illaoi and Udi are just so fed right now. It is definitely going to be a hard game, but I'm going to try my best to carry this one. Regardless though, it doesn't really matter win or loss. Like I said earlier, we are just here to test out the um Deathfire Touch. But overall, so far so uh so good. I would say this rune feels really strong. Nice try on the alt. If she can get the bubble, maybe. Okay, she actually gets the bubble. One Q did like 400 damage plus the burn and then he ends up dying too. Nice. Nami somehow got the shutdown, but it's okay. Um, I mean, Nami getting kills isn't even bad for me just because she can uh just build some items to help me get like like I don't know, mandate or something. So, it's okay. Like, she has staff. She can just get a mandate or something and help me out to do more damage. Isa definitely doesn't want to one v one me. She only has a static shift and we're at three items at 16 minutes into the game. If he does try to fight me, I would destroy him. There's the brand. I try to exhaust the brand. Oh my god. 900 damage Q right there and he doesn't end up tying to Did I just do 900 damage to with one Q to that brand? I'm pretty sure I did if I'm not mistaken. That was some insane damage. That was actually illegal damage. But even though we do die, it's a one for two, you know, so it's still fine. We're still 23 out of 24 KP. I do feel like if it's not me and Nami like doing something, my teammate isn't going to do anything. Like Yoro is Yoro, Teemo, and Lilia are not powerful at all. Like this guy's one 121. My jungle and mid are just super behind, too. >> But I I think I can carry this game once I have uh items. This guy might be dead. I'm going to try to run her down. I think she has no flash, right? She flashed earlier. Look at our damage. Is he going to die to burn? I don't know 100% if he would have died to the burn, but I mean, we can just kill him with the Q. That's okay. So far so good. But the thing is, even though we've only done 1,800 with the Deathire Touch, actually, oh my god, that was a good that was a good pick up by the Herald. Maybe we can kill the Herald and then kill him right afterwards. We do a lot of damage. So, you can see he exhausted. I think he got got exhausted, but he'll die to my alt here. Maybe they can kill him right afterwards. I mean, my alt did a lot of damage, too, and then he ends up dying. Okay, nice. So yeah, even though my my my DFT has done 2,000 damage right now with 21 kills, it's more so the fact that I think that this rune actually does more damage than Dark Harvest does early game. And because I do so much damage early game, it's getting me the kills early to get all these uh like 21 kills. Cuz the thing is I'm burning them from 100 HP to zero HP all the entire time. But Dark Harvest is one of those things where you get a stack um you pretty much get a stack once they're below 50% health. So you're not always getting a Dark Harvest stack. Correct. Dude, we have to we have to dead ass one v5 this guy and he actually killed one. That's crazy. Oh my god. That is insane. He he actually got one. But at least I got 1,000 gold. Um she has no flash. Maybe I can run her down. One que at 700. And we hit him with the storm surge, but he does end up flashing. Whatever. I thought he had no flash, but I was wrong. >> He definitely kills somebody possibly. Is walking into me. 600 damage Q. Oh my god. Two Q's. He's actually just gone. That is insane damage. There's a Brand that's ignoring me to kill my Nami. I mean, I guess he dies. She dies with the Lux R too, but we can kill him afterwards. I could press R and kill Lux, but I don't think he dies just because he has the shield plus uh I mean he has a W and I don't have my storm surge. It's on cool down. If my storm surge was up, I could definitely click R here, but I don't think he dies. I'm trying to wait to see maybe I can click R once my storm surge is up. But I mean, he has to press W or else he's not going to die. And I don't think he's going to click W. I can try anyways. >> Oh. Oh my god. Oh, he actually died. That's so funny. He died, dude. I saw the barrier. I was like, "Oh my god, he's not going to die." But then he ends up actually getting executed to the storm surge. That was that was a lot of damage. I can't lie. That was That was a lot of damage. We're at 25 kills at 20 minutes, which almost uh sorry, with almost 10 CS a minute. This game is intense, dude. I'm almost full build, seven items, and it's only 21 minutes into the game. We're already at five items. We've done 2500 damage with the DFT at 20 minutes into the game. And our last stand has done 3,400 damage. That is so much walking too close to me. If I can hit a Q, it's going to do a lot of damage. Okay, he's dead. I mean, I don't need to use exhaust because we're just so powerful to where he actually ends up dying. Our last item will probably just be the Rabidons just to get the the the final eight Rabbitons item. I feel like it's really good here. I mean, he has so much MR, but we're doing 650 damage per Q on him. Plus the burn. The burn is doing a lot of work for us as well. I can try to kill this guy. We have storm surge up if I hit. I mean, I'm exhausted. I might be dead here. Okay, he died. I think he I do like a Q or something and then he dies to my Q and I mean that's just a double kill for us. There is an Illaoi here but he has a lot of MR if she can hit the bubble possibly. Can she hit the bubble? Nice try on the bubble. Uh you can see we're doing a lot as well. I don't know if I should I guess I have exhaust so it's okay. Look at that damage guys. It's so insane. Can I maybe click R and kill Kaisa? I don't think so, right? No, I don't think I can. You know what? I'm down to try. I I think if Nami presses E on me and I click R, I don't know 100% he will die, but the Teemo can do some damage possibly. So, let's click R. Um, he almost died actually, but the I think he got the fruit, but at least Teemo can finish him off right there. That was almost 100 to O right there. That was a lot of damage. I'm going to just keep farming until I have enough money for Rabidons. We're like 200 gold off. If we get this wave and one more wave, I think we'll have it. Or unless we kill somebody here. Actually, no. I think I I got it if I sell my uh sell my dark seal. Okay, let's sell the dark seal. Let's get a rabbitons. Full build. 758 AP at um 23 minutes into the game. 3,400 damage almost on DFT. 900 damage almost on Axiom Arcanist. 600 damage. Scorch almost 4,000 damage on last stand. We are going for like 200k damage. Uh in one game at this point if we keep fighting like this is kind of a monster though. I I can't lie. I I feel like Nami should not try to get Nami went in a little too close right there so she unfortunately dies. I mean oh my god we almost killed that guy with one Q. That was so much damage. Holy. This seems like they're starting to do uh Baron, but I don't think they can actually do it. I got to play safe because I don't have Carus R yet. I mean, I'm going to stall. I'm just going to wait. I'm waiting for me to get R here and then maybe I can kill. There's the sleep. I'm just going to pick you once he dies. I do have R, so if even if I die here, it doesn't really matter. They're going to all be dead to me. Uh this guy's dead as well. He has 200 MR, but it does not matter. He ends up dying. Can we Baron? Um, probably not. Just cuz everyone's dead. I think we should just base and go dragon. No, I don't think they they can do it. Never mind. Just base and go dragon if possible. Feel like we should be trying to pull the the dragon over the baron. I don't know. I don't know why no one's on the dragon side of the map. Udier is here, but I think he's going to just smite this, right? Yeah. I don't know if I can chase him exactly, but I can try. He's quite fast. He does have swifties as well. I mean, they're trying. I mean, I'm getting flashed on. I'm definitely dead here. They stole the dragon somehow, but they're walking in my passive. Look at the burn we're doing to them, though. We did so much damage. I don't know if Lilia can actually kill. So close, but not enough. I mean, I didn't have R, which kind of sucks. And we lost the dragon, so that is quite a tragedy. I would say the bad news is I don't really get any stronger. I'm pretty sure this guy's going to die to the brand burn. >> Like I'm just sitting on like I'm just sitting on full build at this point. I can't get any stronger. So I can't really carry my teammates. If I was able to get another item maybe, but like they just have too much MR. Look at Illaoi's MR and we are 5 AP. So you know like a 5 AP comp is just kind of hard to win with in general. Even Kais is buying a Banshees. Illaoi has like two MR items. So, it's kind of hard. I'm just going to try to go for picks and then maybe we can get a Baron or something. It would be a miracle. There's the flash. I can run him down even though maybe I can kill the Udier here. It's quite fast. I think I have to just maybe flash. No, I guess I don't have to. One Q did like a,000 damage plus the storm surge made it to where he just got popped. Dude, I'm not going to lie. Even if I lose this game, I don't really care. Um, I'm having so much fun with this uh rune setup. Um, I'm going to try to click R. Maybe they die. Oh my god, he actually died. I think that was like 90% of his HP right there. So, he ended up dying. Maybe we can keep going forward. But this guy is very powerful. I got to be careful about the Illaoi. He hits the uh the thing on me, so I might be dead. But at least we can trade one uh one for one at least. The problem is once I'm dead, I don't really know if my teammates can even get an objective or anything. So my deaths sometimes are probably not even worth even though we're getting like two kill. The thing is I'm kind of worth like two champions. So like with with me being dead, it feels like we don't really have the number advantage even though cuz I'm worth like two champions this game. Like I would say like like two of my teammates are like half a champion like or like one one teammate is like half a champion. So, you know, like I don't know. Like the number advantage is just not really there, you know. They're going to pull Baron. I I mean, I have Alton 30. It's going to be hard. They're definitely going to be hard to try to get this in time. I'm pretty sure it's going to be gone. I mean, unless Teemo can like flash steal it with smite, it's kind of just gone. Can try, but I don't think he's going to get it. He's stunned anyway, so he's just dead. That's definitely their baron for sure. >> No way. They jump me, right? I'm just going to flash in. Try to do some damage here. That guy should be dead even though he flashes. And Lux should be dead. She doesn't have Zna, so he's dead, too. Holy. I mean, it's it's kind of a good death just because it stalls the Baron. But the problem is now I don't have alt or flash for the dragon fight. It's uh 48 kills to 48 kills. But you know guys, I feel like all the gold is on me. Yoro has a Leandre and the Black Cleaver. For some reason, he has a black cleaver. I don't even know why considering the fact that they are he's solo AD and they have zero armor. I don't know what the black cleaver is going to actually do for the team, but you know, maybe he'll carry. Okay, nice. They're actually killing people. I I'm kind of surprised they're killing people, but they they definitely are. >> We are 45 out of the 49 KP. It's kind of intense. I would say it's kind of intense. I can try to kill this guy. I don't know if I'll end up dying, but maybe we'll try. Nami kind of whiffed her alt, but that's okay. He's a little fast, though. He has swifties. We hit him with the storm surge. Not enough damage, unfortunately. But we do a lot of damage. It's just not quite enough. He's going to steal this again. Obviously, he's full AP. The Christ is jumping me here. I might be a goner. >> I mean, they're in my passive, but I don't know if it's enough to kill him. Oh my god, we just did so much damage right there. We did 8,400 damage in that fight, and that was without Carasar. And that's also the fact that they have so much MR. Unfortunately, we got 40 kills, but I I don't know. I really don't know how we can win this game just cuz our draft is so bad. Like we're 47 out of the 51 KP. Like I just I there's only so much you can do, you know? Regardless though, I mean I I don't really care if we lose, but I will say that this rune setup is really fun. Um I think I'm definitely going to have to try this way more often. the the damage is kind of similar to dark harvest, I would say, just because you're getting the Axium Arcanis as well. I know people love Axiom Arcanis on Carthus. Personally, I don't really think Axim Arcanis is crazy for the damage. I think it's more so for the CDR refund, but I mean with the airy tree or sorry, with the sorcerer tree, it is kind of nice to have the axim arcanis with the death fire touch. Like if Dark Harvest had Axium Arcanis in it and cheap shot, that would be insane, you know. But unfortunately, it doesn't. This guy's using his exhaust, but he's just dead. Doesn't even matter. I mean, does it I probably shouldn't even be the one farming everything. I'm kind of farming like the the waves and like like the the minions and stuff, but at the same time, I kind of have to push it, you know, because if I don't push it, I I feel like they're just going to end the game. Like I don't want them to just end the I want to try to win this game, but it is quite impossible to to win. It feels like right now I have to just walk in to take the death just because if I don't, they're going to break our nexus. I can just click the death and uh click R. You can see the damage we did to Udier. That was kind of insane. But they might have to we might just lose lose here, I think. Actually, no. I I think we stalled it. Yeah. I mean, I just ran in, took took the death, killed the minion wave in my passive, and I think it was enough to stall the game just so we don't lose here. Yeah, I think they can try. I don't know if it's winning, but they can definitely try. Seems like the AP udier is going nuclear as well. He does so much damage. All right. Well, they don't end the game here, which is kind of nice. We still have a chance to possibly kill them here and maybe win. 900 damage plus, 1100 damage Q, so he dies and that guy dies as well. I mean, I know obviously I know we're at 44 kills. So, like I can't be like super surprised that we're doing this much damage, but I still am super surprised that we're just this strong. You know that even without Dark Harvest, this is how much damage we're doing for uh per Q. It's kind of crazy. Uh Teemo got caught in Baron spawning, which means we're going to have to give Baron again. I mean, since my since my team's dead, I might as well try. There's the banshee's popped. He's alting in and he used, but he should just be dead. Even if he flashes, he can't survive. I mean, good thing I didn't click R because I would have got no value from it. But at least he burned flash there. I mean, we're losing Baron no matter what just because my team's uh dead. So, I try to get a kill in return. You know, guys, without me, we have 4 KP on the team. like like just let that sink in with I have I've been in um 52 out of 56 KP. My Teemo's 3 and 14. My Lily is three and eight, but it's not even that bad cuz she's like pretty strong. And the Yoro, I'll be honest, is quite useless. This might be a cooked game, but still like the damage we're doing is just too funny, though. I mean, the only way I can see this game uh winning is we just do Elder >> or we kill him if we do Elder. That guy should be dead to my alt, right? Oh my god, that shield was crazy. But yeah, the the brand dies obviously. He has AP udier, so that's why the shield is kind of massive on him. Uh we can try to kill this guy. We don't have storm surge. I think one for one trading is not great just because I'm so powerful. But if I don't trade one for one to kill Illaoi, I don't really see how else we can play into her. So, you know, we do take the death, but at least it's uh we kill her, too, because Illaoi is just so broken. I'm the only person on the team that can kill her. I mean, Elder spawning in 10 seconds. I'm finally respawning. You know, I kind of wish I had gathering storm in a game like this. Technically, Gathering Storm would have had way more value, but I just didn't expect um this game to go to 40 minutes here. It's kind of hard to win. There's the flash. I might just kill a flash and kill this guy just cuz he burned his flash. We can keep going forward. We need to get some kills here just because if we kill them all, we'll get Elder. Um, he's going to kill me. Obviously, the Udier is doing crazy damage. There's the the death afterwards. At least Nami does live, but the burn that Nami was getting hit by was insane. May Yoric did TP top lane, which is kind of interesting cuz he wasn't split pushing for the first 38 minutes and all of a sudden he decides to split push. Maybe Kai'Sa dies. Oh, there's the barrier. Oh my god. Oh, okay. At least he died. Whatever. Yeah, I didn't expect my U just or sorry, my Yoro to TP top um randomly. I feel like he's never he wasn't split pushing at all this game. just decided to do it now to give the Elder Dragon to them. I guess I'm not 100% sure about that one though. I am spawning. I don't know if they can actually end the game. He's tanking two turret shots. He actually ends up dying to a Teemo Shroom, which is hilarious. They have Elder, so I got to be a little careful by walking into him. I can't just face tank him without uh some some form of CC on him. It's hard. He He has a Elder Dragon plus he's full build. It's kind of terrifying. My Yor is kind of putting in work in the split pushing. I feel like uh he should have been doing that like 10 minutes ago, but it's still regardless. Okay. Yeah, you can see the Elder Illaoi. I can't really mess with her cuz he he just killed my Teemo and my Yoro died top lane, too. Okay, I I have to push this wave and then recall just because Illaoi is going to probably go for the end here. Pretty sure I've never had this much gold before. I've been full build for the last like 20 or 25 minutes. So, I just keep buying blue pots. I don't even know how many I've bought. Um, if any rider is watching this, please uh please bring anvils to League of Legends like uh solo Q. That would be the greatest thing ever. But there's the sleep. He still has Elder, so I got to be kind of careful. But great bubble. And then he ends up dying. Okay, nice, nice, nice. That was his elder. Dude, we're at 50 kills. 50 kills and we're still not winning. That is insane. >> Oh my god, this Udier almost one-shot me, though. He's so powerful. Yeah, man. I I I'm not going to lie. I really wish there were anvils in League of Legends. >> I just think that uh like when I have this much money, there's nothing I can do with it. It just kind of sucks. Every time I walk out of base, I'm getting hit with this uh Udier that just has his ultimate and then I have to walk back to base and it's just a neverending thing just because he is full AP udier and we don't have any physical damage that can kill him. So, you know, we're just playing balloons tower defense at this point. I might as well try to go for a play. Even if he does kill me, we can kill him right afterwards. Okay. I mean, he kills me. But we kill him. We can click R. Now, I don't know if my teammates will be able to survive without me, but you know, we have to try something, man. We're just playing balloon tower defense, but like the tower defense is just not really working in our favor. Okay, well, he is not dead, but he I mean, they have hex soul, they've had elder dragon, they've had so many baronss. We I mean, we've I don't know. It's just too hard to win this game, guys. You know, this is why you don't lock lock in 5 AP. Udier did actually. Well, thankfully Yorks went AD after Leandre, so I guess we're 4 and 1/2 AP, but this is why you don't lock in 4 and 1/2 AP. Unfortunately, my death timer is too long. I could not carry this game. But overall, in general, I really enjoy DFT. Uh my last stand doing 10,000 damage is crazy, but you can see my runes did a lot. I'm going to have a lot of fun with these this rune setup. But regardless, I hope you guys enjoyed watching. Uh thank you so much for watching. Hey guys, really quick before this video ends. If you want to see me play other champions outside of Carus, make sure to subscribe to my second channel. All my links are in the description below. I really appreciate all the support you guys have been showing me. And as always, thank you all so much for watching.
