Title: HOW TO BUILD MILIO CORRECTLY (runes, items, skill path)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ag4vGsKi3ro

Content:
Hey, what's up guys? In this video, we're going to be talking about how you should be building Millio. For starters, this video will be broken down into three parts. The runes I run on Millio and the different build paths I take. I'll do my best to include everything, but there's a good chance that some things will be left out. Everything will be timestamped in the description below. If you came from my recent short, you will already know this rune setup, but I'll explain why I run everything that I do here. So to get things started, I still run the standard summon airy on Millio because I've just found that it works the best on him. It works great with his W, E, and even his R. It applies airy multiple times through his W, which is pretty good for him. Other than that, everything else here is pretty bad. Arcane Comet is meh, and Phase Rush is me. So another thing that you'll notice right away is I have Axiom Arcanis swapped out for Mana Flow Band. And the reason behind this is simply because Millio does not lack mana. Where I do feel like he lacks though, however, is his early game team fights. And this is mostly because his alt has a long cooldown early game and even late game comparatively. His alt has an insane 16-second cooldown early game. This is almost 3 minutes immediately. What you may notice though is a standard eight ability haste we also run in this build and most other builds also include is that it reduces his cooldown by 12 seconds all the way down to 148. For those of you that might not know about this relatively new rune I'll put on the screen now. But basically what this rune does for us is it increases our heal from our alt and reduces the alt cooldown on takedowns. And why is this significant for Millio? Like I said earlier, his alt is on such a long cooldown early that after using it and getting a takedown or two, you already shaved off 10 to 20 seconds off of it. The healing on the rune is important as well, but not nearly as important as the CDR. Moving on to the next rune is a standard transcendence. There isn't really much that needs to be said about this rune other than the fact that is a staple rune for enchanters. On levels five and eight, it gives you a small boost of five ability haste. And later on in the game at level 11, you unlock the ability to reduce your remaining cooldowns by 20% on champion takedowns. What this basically means is that if your W has 10 seconds left before the next cast and you manage to finally kill someone in the fight that the cooldown will be reduced to 8 seconds immediately. In this rune slot, I used to run solarity since it pairs well with his movement speed, but I have found that transcendence is honestly just too strong not to take. And finally on the sorcery tree is the choice between scorch, war walking, and gathering storm. I'm just going to be completely honest with this one. Scorch is kind of useless on Millio. The reason being that Scorch only applies off Millio's Q. That's literally it. It would be so much better if it worked with his passive, but unfortunately it doesn't work like that. It is nice, however, for early game trades, but in most matchups, especially into engage, you want to save your Q for that engage. Moving on to water walking. I personally use this a lot when there were two sets of grubs. I would use the water walking to get a head start up the top of the map and make myself a bit stronger in the river. However, I found that the most consistent room for Millio scaling is just gathering storm. AP might not seem that valuable on enchanter, but his Q, E, and R and even his passive have quite a high AP scaling ratios. His Q being the most notable at 120%. This rune helps Millio scale into the late game and gives him that extra bit of healing and shielding. Scorch is a viable option though if you tend to be trading a lot in lane. Next, for the second tree, I like to go domination. The two main reasons being that movement speed and vision are so insanely important in this game, and this tree helps with both of them. Most people tend to go with the standard resolve free second, a bone plating and revitalize. And even though bone plating may help you in the early game against engage, honestly, it's not that great into the late game. Revitalize is nice as well, but honestly, I don't really see it doing much in my past games. At most, the rune does like around extra 700 healing and shielding in a standard 30-minute game. So, instead of those two runes, I like to run another one of the fairly new runes, Grizzly Momentos. The reason for this being is that it simply reduces your trinket cool down. Once again, for those of you may not know about this new rune, Grizzly Momentos gains six trinket haste for each takedown you get. This can stack up to 18 times, allowing you to get a total of 108 trinket haste. If you couldn't tell already, this rune is honestly quite busted. I'm honestly not sure the exact values of how much time it actually saves you between each sweeper cool down, but if you guys are interested in that and some numbers on these other runes, please let me know in the comments below. And lastly on the domination tree is relentless hunter. As I said before, movement speed is just so insanely powerful in League of Legends, especially on supports. Being able to get that early game roam on the enemy mid or top before the enemy support does puts you at such an advantage. It also allows for you to go for plays you might not have otherwise been able to go for. This rune gives you eight movement speed out of combat, up to five stacks for each takedown, stacking up to a total of 40 movement speed out of combat. I think this rune just kind of speaks for itself with giving you such insane movement speed. For reference, there's almost twice as much movement speed as basic boots and only five less movement speed than standard lucidity boots. Not to mention, if you use your E on yourself out of combat to get around the map faster, that is an additional 12% to 20% movement speed. This rune is honestly just so insanely strong in general. I wish I could build it on most champions. And last but not least are the three basic runes. I honestly think that there is only one real setup you should be running for these and it's the ones on screen now. The ability haste is honestly just too strong not to take. Like we explained earlier, even just this one rune alone removes a whole 12 seconds off our early game alt and 7% CDR on all of our other abilities as well. As for the next rune, I used to go the 2% movement speed, but I found that I don't really need it with all the other movement speed increases I get. Also, not to mention the new feats of strength. if you manage to get them in your game. And finally onto the bottom row. I think that a lot of people are babe by his last choice and just go with what is suggested to them by Riot. But I see so many people going the 10 to 180 health over the flat 65 health. I don't really understand how people are bid by this, but in almost every scenario ever, the flat 65 health is just better. Compare the damage of a late game champion to an early game one. Take Caitlyn for instance. Her auto attacks with only Doran's Blade does 77 damage level one to a target with zero armor. With level six and just BF sword, she is already doing 137 damage per auto. At level 18 with full build, she's going to be doing 889 damage per auto. Basically, to sum it up, the 10 to 180 health falls off hard into the late game, even though it's advertised as a scaling rune. And while I might add this rune isn't useless, it's just not good on Millio. It's quite good for champions like Braum who have a lot of scaling with HP. We just want that early game survivability on our Squishy Millio. Moving on to the different build paths I'd take. I'll throw up a few builds on screen that you can pretty much run any game. For the two builds, one is good for a team with a lot of auto attackers and the other is great for a team with not many. So, instead of explaining every single different build you can go on Millio, I'll just explain what items have good synergy with him and what items you should be building. When it comes to the choice of the support item, you really only should be going Dream Maker. All the other support items are fairly useless on him. I see some people going celestial opposition, but it's honestly just really not that great on Millio and range champions in general. Dream Maker buffs your team's damage and reduces the incoming damage. It also works great with Nightfell. Moving on to boots. A lot of people have a misconception that you should only be building CDR boots on Millio or enchanters in general, but I just don't think that's true. In games with a lot of slows or where I want a lot of mobility, I always tend to go swifties because they're just great for those reasons. In a game against a lot of AD assassins or just a lot of AD damage in general, I tend to go played steel caps just to give myself that extra survivability. Also, in a game like that, I would usually go Nights. In games against a lot of crowd control where I'm just dying to crowd control or I could survive if I could move, then I tend to go merk treads. Basically, to sum it up, don't limit yourself to only buying CDR boots. I would say almost every pair of boots is useful and viable in Millio. Not to mention, there has been a ton of nerfs on CDR boots over the past few years. One thing to keep in mind as well is that since you're such a squishy target, you're going to be sought out in team fights, so having extra survivability is never bad. The more they use on you, the less they use on your teammates. When it comes to what items you should be building on Millio, there are three top items that have great synergy with them. Echoes of Helia, Ardent Sensor, and Moonstone. To start things off with Echo of Helia, and why it's so great on Millio is its passive pairs perfectly with Millio's W. Every time you auto attack a champion, you build a stack of Echo Ailia. That stack can heal your teammates and damage the enemies. These stacks only apply when you do healing or shielding. And since Millio's W is a constant tick of healing, it constantly applies. So basically, what you want to do in team fights with him is use your W on your teammates and constantly auto attack the enemies. This is why Echo Ailia is great into extended team fights and enemy tanks/ bruisers because you can just constantly attack them and heal your teammates while dealing damage to the enemies. No other champion has this great synergy with this item. Here's a short clip from my stream showing why I rushed Ekkoia first. It is OP, but some games like the the fights are just way too short to to build it. That's why sometimes I like to rush Ardent first. because like the fights are just so short. But this game, dude, they have a Gallio, they have a Trick, they have a Garen, we have a [ __ ] Zen Xiao, we have a Lucian who isn't really going to shred through these guys right away. So, it's like it's a really great Echo game first, to be honest. Moving on to Ardent Sensor. I'm going to use another clip from my stream because I feel like I just explain it so well there. Also, that's another thing that like I never see people building is Ardan. Ardan is so insanely strong in Millio on Millio in so many different ways. The biggest being that like he just applies it so well. Like he just he he is a Ardent machine. You can have constant uptime of Ardent because his W lasts forever. His E has multiple charges. um his R applies it and even even his Q applies it. You're just constantly applying Ardent, first of all, and second of all, if you have echo of Helilia, each time you auto attack with that Ardent, you're constantly healing. So, you're doing extra damage, giving your team extra attack speed for structures importantly, and objectives importantly. Like, team fights is important, but team fights aren't necessarily what absolutely wins the game. What absolutely wins the game is taking those turrets and objectives. And finally, moving on to Moonstone. Moonstone isn't great by itself, but it works well with the two other items we just listed. It works great with Echoes of Helia because it works with Echoes of Helia's passive and increases the healing from that. It also works well with Ardent Sensor because it allows us to apply Ardent to more teammates on our team. The healing and shielding on Moonstone honestly isn't that great. So, it's not really a viable option to rush. If you're going for a max shield millio with items such as Donor, Moonstone is a great choice as well. I tend to go moonstone if I have a lot of front layers or if the fights are very extended. So, instead of doing a voice over for every single item, I'm just going to show the items that I use for about 3 seconds each. If you'd like, you could pause the video or read about why I build each one. And to wrap things up for items, I always go watchful ward stone into vigilant ward stone. As I said earlier in the video, vision is just so insanely strong, and having those extra control wards to control areas is so insanely important in the late game. And last to wrap up the video is Millio's skill path. To keep things short and simple, there's only one correct skill order. E max, W max, Q max, and obviously R in between those. For the first two abilities to level up, I almost always start E, but on rare occasions, like against Nautilus, I sometimes start Q. And thanks so much, guys, for sticking through to the end of the video. Any and all feedback is greatly appreciated, and thanks once again for watching. And have a good one.
