Title: ULTIMATE AMBESSA GUIDE FOR 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1b4aDd4lmDs

Content:
This is Ambusser. 5,300 HP, 300 armor, 200 MR. Wait, wrong champion. Only fools flee. If you find yourself completely unfamiliar with her abilities, then I highly recommend you check out the official League of Legends Wiki and their dedicated Ambusser page. Now, let's start with her Q, Cunning Sweep and Sundering Slam. Ambusser's Q is her primary source of damage. This is the ability you want to max and play around. It is of utmost importance to hit enemies using its sweet spot for maximum unmitigated damage. Always keep in mind your positioning and spacing and how your dashes could land you in place for just the right cues. W, Repudiation. This is your key ability to winning trades and surviving team fights. In lane, it is best used as a counter attack similar to Fiora's parry. Rather than as a pure defensive or offensive action as the ability rewards you for blocking damage by increasing the amount of damage it deals to opponents. You want to block large bursts of damage with it as a shield is powerful but quite short. Used properly, you will win trades as your enemies trade their health for your shield. E, Lacerate. With its 99% decaying slow, this is the ability used to stick onto and disengage from enemies. In previous seasons, this ability was a great source of raw burst damage against squishies, but with the countless nerfs it has received, it now finds itself as instead your most consistent setup tool for your Q sweet spots. R, Public Execution. The armor penetration it grants allows you to shred through tanks and ADCs alike. That's quite big. But, the active part is equally, if not more, important, allowing Ambesa to immediately break past front lines onto carries without being forced to choose between mobility and damage. Without it, Ambesa has to flank with flash or choose to use Hexflash to simply reach enemies. It is surprisingly versatile, functioning as an initial engage, re-engage, disengage, and guaranteed Q combo all in one. Finally, her passive, Drakehound's Step. Ambesa's passive grants her controlled, yet unparalleled, aggression. Once she is on a target, they are unable to escape. Her enhanced autos serve to supplement her damage, but also refund her energy resource, which acts as the main restraint on her mobility, notice- noticeably making escape much more difficult than catching enemies. Only fools flee. What exactly is Ambesa's identity? And what makes her unique among the current roster? Well, Ambesa is a highly mobile attack damage melee caster with extreme flexibility and snowballing potential. Riot currently has her classified as a diver and skirmisher, otherwise formerly known as a fighter and assassin. Effectively, what that means for Ambesa is that often times you will find that her durability is far less than your average bruiser, such as Darius or Renekton, yet far more tools to keep her alive in the midst of combat than other assassins. Similarly for mobility, she does not have the same get out of team fight cards, such as Zed or LeBlanc have, yet she has far more mobility to move around in combat than other bruisers. What I believe this means for Ambesa is that she has the best of both worlds and that with the right items, right build, and proper play style, you can become as durable and survive team fights just like any other bruiser while having the same burst and mobility as an assassin. If your goal is to find a hyper carry top laner that is capable of both eliminating the enemy back line while still being able to split push and duel other enemy top laners, then Ambesa is most certainly the champion for you. Only fools flee. Let's talk about runes on Ambesa. So, many of you already know me as Ambesa's biggest electrocute advocate and for pretty good reason. I believe that electrocute is the best rune by far on Ambesa and should be the rune that you run 90% of games. The reason for this is simple. Electrocute grants Ambesa not just a powerful early game snowball, but also enables both her builds throughout the entire game. Now, in laning phase, electrocute works by proccing three different abilities, right? And that is where Ambesa shines. Ambesa does not want to take long extended trades. In fact, she is the opposite. She wants to take short sustained bursts, blocking damage with her W, and immediately getting out. And then after that, she waits a certain period of time for her abilities to come back up, in which then she is able to go back in. These cool downs synergize with electrocute's cool downs, allowing you to combo them together to provide massive amounts of burst before you back off and go back in to burst again before you're all in. This is very different from grasp, which is actually a much safer option for Ambesa's laning phase. Grasp allows you to scale much safer into the mid game and late game, where you are often provided with a bit more health and your laning phase is a bit more stable as you have a bit more sustain. However, it does not have the same early game damage that Electrocute grants, nor the same late game damage as Electrocute. Nevertheless, it is still a good option for both people who are new to Ambessa or people who just simply want to play a more scaling bruiser version of her. Let's go on to Conqueror. Conqueror, I believe, is a rune that is primarily best against tanks, such as K'Sante, Sion, or Ornn. The reason for this is being that Ambessa does not have the early game damage to kill these tanks if they play properly. In that case, Electrocute and Grasp may not be as effective, in which case Conqueror grants you a better scaling into the mid game and late game. And also, after your first item spike, it will allow you to take sustained heavy all-ins against these champions, where you are able to get through multiple rotations, bringing much more value to the Conqueror rune. Otherwise, for the most part, Electrocute and Grasp will beat Conqueror. A lot of people have been asking me about First Strike on Ambessa. Honestly, the rune is amazing in theory on her. She has incredibly fast burst damage constrained into a short time span. Not to mention, she often finds herself getting the first attack on enemies. It also grants her incredible snowballing potential through its massive amounts of gold income. However, I believe that this rune has also been nerfed to the ground over and over again, and now simply falls behind in numbers. Only fools flee. On to the fun stuff, items and builds. Ambessa has three primary builds she can go in any game. Bruiser, lethality, and hybrid. All three carry their own unique strengths, but also glaring weaknesses. A Miss bruiser build focuses on giving her the durability and sustain she needs to get through multiple rotations in a combat. This allows her to excel in any team fights, front to back comps, and also dueling enemy top laners or fighters. Her lethality build excels in getting picks before any objectives, assassinating any squishies, and diving them under turrets. And best of all, destroy the enemy bottom lane. It's amazing. Anyways, the hybrid build is any mix of both bruiser and lethality, often times requiring you to be incredibly ahead for it to work. The reason for this is because you would need to build enough lethality to one-shot any squishies, yet still have enough defensive items such as Death's Dance and Maw of Malmortius to survive any big team fights. When this build comes to fruition, and you have a large enough lead, however, you will feel like Exodia. Your game is won. You are Thanos, and you are completely unstoppable. However, if you do find yourself falling behind, you will find that you no longer have the durability to survive anything, but you also lack the damage to kill enemies as well. Now, let's talk about her builds specific to each build. The core item for A Miss bruiser build consists of Eclipse, Black Cleaver, and Death's Dance. These items grant her an incredible lane phase and mid game, allowing her to properly duel any fighters or enemy top laners, while also giving her the sustain to survive any team fights. I like to finish this build off with Maw of Malmortius or another situational item depending on enemy team comp, and I usually finish my last item with endless hunger. Endless hunger is a new item which offers an amazing amount of sustain and large amount of ability haste in the late game. And Vessa's core lethality build consists of Voltakic Cyclosword into Edge of Night into Serylda's Grudge. This combination allows you to effectively deal true damage to almost any squishy while still having the ability to fight off enemy top laners and yet survive CC and team fights. You could then finish off this build with more lethality such as Opportunity or Serpent's Fang or you could begin to start building defensive items such as Death's Dance or Maw of Malmortius. Now, Vessa has quite a few options as to what she can take for her first item in place of Voltakic Cyclosword. If you want a slightly cheaper option that I believe is extremely meta and has plenty of potential, I would opt for Axiom Arc which is an item that grants you 20 ability haste for being an item that is also about 250 gold cheaper than Voltakic Cyclosword. Another trick, if you are incredibly behind, would be to build Serpent's Fang first item against certain matchups or even Opportunity against ranged tops as the amount of lethality you gain makes your burst trades incredibly potent. In some games, you'll find that your build is simply not working out for the current game state. For example, you may be going a bruiser build but find that the enemy bot lane is extremely fed and you have no way of being able to one shot them before you are CC'd and killed. Similarly, as lethality Vessa, you find that you may have the capability to one shot any squishy only to find yourself being one shot immediately afterwards. You can fix both of these problems by suddenly switching to the other build by uh changing what items you buy next. For example, if you are currently on Eclipse and Black Cleaver as a bruiser, instead of proceeding to build another defensive item such as Death's Dance or Maw, you could suddenly opt to buy Serpent's Fang or Opportunity, where you suddenly gain a large burst of lethality, which may hopefully turn the tides of the game to allow you to start eliminating any squishies. For lethality, you may be building lethality, but instead of finishing off your last two items with more lethality, you could find yourself building Death's Dance and Maw of Malmortius, so that you are able to one-shot everybody, yet still live to make your next rotation to continuing one-shotting an entire team. I do quickly want to give a shout-out to two amazing items that may find their place in any of your builds. Those two items are Serpent's Fang and Death's Dance. In this current meta, where many ADCs build shield bow and take barrier, Serpent's Fang will automatically grant you an enormous amount of value against them, especially considering when nowadays half of any roster will include champions that have shields or build shields at one point or another. Death's Dance also grants you an incredible amount of sustain in any team fight and duel. Now, at the end of the day, Amumu's builds are extremely flexible. You can always buy whatever item fits your current game state best. After all, that is why it is called a build. Now, on the other hand, there are certain items which I personally believe to be sub-optimal. Let's start with two which may come across as quite controversial, too, being Sundered Sky and Spear of Shojin. For Sundered Sky, it is quite simple. Amumu's passive does not crit and she has no specific synergy with the item as it scales off of base damage and health, neither of which Mbesa has much of. Furthermore, Sunderer Sky has been nerfed to ground on repeat over and over. On the other hand, Spear of Shojin by itself is actually quite a good item on Mbesa. However, I believe that very simply it is overshadowed by Black Cleaver, an item that out damages it in 90% of the scenarios. Furthermore, you can argue that you may be able to build both Black Cleaver and Spear of Shojin, which is certainly an option. However, I believe that Mbesa only needs perhaps one HP item at most and the rest first slot should be reserved for more important items. Next up is Ravenous Hydra. I notice a lot of newer Mbesa players building this, especially when they notice that Mbesa has a passive that scales with life steal. However, this is an incredibly bait item on Mbesa. Put in very simple terms, this item is an item balanced around champions that have no wave clear, no sustain, and want to be split pushing duelists. Mbesa does not fit any of these criteria. Mbesa already has fair wave clear, somewhat decent sustain, and she does not want to focus on split pushing, but rather team fighting or isolated picks on targets. Now, Mbesa can use this item quite well, of course, but it is ultimately sub optimal and you are giving up much more amazing items for a sub optimal play style. Next up on our item chopping block is Trinity Force. Please do not build this item. The reason why I say this with such venom is because Trinity Force does not do well in Mbessa in any way. The sheen passive it gives sounds quite nice on paper as Mbessa is a auto attacker who uses abilities quite often. However, the sheen proc scales with her base AD, which is incredibly low, and it also gives a highly wasted attack speed stat. While its main cost is incredibly expensive for the low amount of AD it gives her. That is simply it. It is a split pushing duelist item, which falls very far behind on Mbessa and what her goal is in the game. Final, let's talk about Jack'Sho or really any tank item on Mbessa with perhaps one exception. Mbessa is not a champion that wants to build tank items. The reason for this is because she is a character who, like Riven, her defense scales off her her offensive capabilities. Similar to, again, another champion such as Aatrox. If you want to survive, you need to build damage. You need to build items that allow you to kill enemies quicker, so you take less damage, but you also need more AD so that your shields are much more powerful. The only tank item that could be decent on Mbessa would likely be something like Spirit Visage when your team already has an enchanter and that item can support that, along with your other healing and shielding from both your passive and your items such as Eclipse. Before we move on from item builds, let's briefly go over when you should be going bruiser versus lethality build. Very simply put, you should be going bruiser builds when your team needs another bruiser. This is best for when your team is playing a front to back comp and you need somebody to hold up the line as your backline carries clears the rest of the board. Now, you should be going lethality when your team needs an assassin. This could be because the enemy bot lane is completely out of control, or maybe they have a hyper-scaling mid lane carry that needs to be taken out and shut down, such as a Yone or Yasuo. In that case, lethality is much better at shutting down these carries. In any case, it is ultimately up to you and your play style, and frankly, how you would like to have fun. The same goes for building any item or any build. As long as you have fun and you find yourself having success, go ahead and do it. Only fools flee. Mordekaiser has four primary sets of summoner spells you'll often see her take. That being flash ignite, flash teleport, teleport ignite, and flash exhaust. Flash ignite is your classic snowballing lane setup. Flash and ignite both allow you to do massive amounts of damage and make incredible out plays that you would not otherwise be able to do. Flash ignite teleport gives you a guaranteed safe laning phase, which allows you to scale for team fights, and is amazing when you are uncertain of a match up, or you find yourself in a tank match up where you know you will be unable to kill them. This can also come in handy into certain specific ranged tops, such as Jayce or Gnar, who you know you outscale, but probably cannot kill in the early game. Next up is teleport ignite. This is a very option that used to be run quite often in previous seasons. However, nowadays, as teleport is an ability that you do get for free, it may be better to simply go flash teleport or flash ignite, as flash is a very important spell on Mordekaiser. Finally, we have flash exhaust. This is a great great combo into specific matchups where enemies will all in on you, namely being Irelia, Tryndamere, and Riven. Only fools flee. Okay, time for the flashy stuff. Animation canceling and dash cancels. Fun fact, every single ability in and Vessa's kit can be animation canceled. Is that cool or what? Anyways, in the description below, you will see a more detailed guide on every single combo and animation cancel that Amumu Vessa currently has. I am currently working on a dash cancel guide as well, and that will eventually be linked in the description [music] below as well. But for now, let's talk about the must-know animation combos and general combos that you want to have ready on Amumu Vessa. First up is the Q1 and Q2 flash. Just so you know, when you are in the middle of using your Q, before it goes off, you can flash in a certain direction, and your Q will then not just land where, you know, you're previously pointing your cursor, but rather your new Q will follow where you flash. So, if you're hypothetically Q2-ing and you were about to miss, you can actually flash in the direction of your opponent to re-aim your Q. That is also just generally a really good ability to have, as you can suddenly hit somebody from really far away with an ability that they frankly cannot react to. A long line from your Q2 hitting them with a very tip at the end of a flash. Super hard to react to, and a great way to execute certain opponents. Next up, auto attack into an ability, or more specifically, an enhanced auto attack into an ability. This is something you really want to get the hang of, as it speeds up your entire combo. Anytime you have an enhanced auto, it is now a unstoppable auto attack. And and for the most part, in most of League of Legends, almost every single unstoppable auto can be animation canceled, such as Camille Q, Darius W, Wukong Q, and various other champions with unstoppable auto attacks. The same goes for Amumu. Anytime you have an unstoppable auto attack coming out, you can instantly launch out another ability, such as your Q, or your W, or your E. Next up, the rush combo. R into Q E. You really want to get this down because it is a guaranteed triple hit combo. When you hit an enemy with your R, you are guaranteeing your Q while they are stunned. But, the moment after you hit your Q, you can also launch E. So, you can do Q E instantly, and your Q and your E will hit at the same time. So, when you're hitting all [clears throat] your ultimate on somebody, you're not just guaranteeing your Q, but you're also guaranteeing your E and its slow for any follow-up damage afterwards. So, I would suggest you go to practice tool, and you practice R into Q E. Next up, E into Q2. The very end of Amumu's E can be animation canceled into a Q1 or a Q2. This allows it to go instantly while anybody is still uh slowed by its king 99% slow. Very often times, you wanted Q somebody with your Q1, auto them into your E, but instead of going for an auto, where they are no longer as slowed as before, you can instantly go into the end of your E into Q2, as you can see in the video here. During that time, they are still by 99% slow, so it's almost impossible for them to actually dodge that Q2. This is very important to learn as it will guarantee you many many Q2s that you may have otherwise missed. Finally, and this is just a really great way to optimize your gameplay and combos, is R into auto attack Q. That is dash canceling and you will see it here. Effectively, you're ulting somebody and during that time when you're suddenly suppressing them, you want to press your hold button. Whether that is S or H or whatever you have the key to, you press that and the moment you land down to them and they are stunned, you instantly hit them with an auto attack without inputting any other movement commands. And then as soon as that auto goes out, you hit Q. So, you're not sneaking in an auto attack and guaranteeing your Q at the same time. So, it's effectively basically R into your guaranteed Q, except you sneak in an extra auto at the same time. Those are the main animation cancel combos that you want to know for Ambessa for success. Only fools flee. The most important part of the game for Ambessa is the laning phase. Most people believe that Ambessa is a champion that struggles in the laning phase but scales into a mid game late game monster. I believe otherwise. I believe that Ambessa is actually secretly an early game monster that has the ability to snowball out of control and turn into a mid game or late game monster that is completely unstoppable. I believe that levels 1, 2, and 3 can be times where she is the most deadly. But, however, a lot of this does hinge on your build. And by your build, I mean whether or not you are part of the Electrocute gang. Please, please, please take Electrocute and you will see what is going on. With Electrocute, you can immediately start trading with enemies level one and out-trade everybody with the sheer amount of raw damage you are getting from your runes alone. Electrocute with Sudden Impact level one do almost 100 damage to enemy champions. That is incredible. 100 damage every 20 seconds is nothing to scoff at. With this, you may be able to successfully secure priority in your lane in order to hit a level two spike, which then allows you to get another trade onto an enemy until where you are able to dive at level three or four. And this is a common thing you will see me doing to masters and grand level master players consistently in my games. I will trade aggressively level one and dive them by level three or four, sometimes inting in the process. In any case, I believe that another important thing to recognize in Illaoi is her match-ups. This is where my match-up spreadsheet comes in. Every single match-up for Illaoi is quite unique in its own way and you have your own game plan. She is very much so both a blind champion uh sorry, a champion that you can blind pick into almost any match-up, but also yet still somehow has a very unique game plan into each champion specifically. At least if you are planning to win the match-up rather than just safely scale into a mid game monster. However, I do believe for the most part that most of her match-ups can be broken down into two things, offensive and defensive game play. For offensive game play, that means that you will find yourself much stronger than an enemy opponent. This is when you're playing against weaker early game champions, just such as Kayle, Mundo, or Cho'Gath. In this case, you will find yourself wanting to gap close with your first Q, and then pummeling enemies with your E, and your Q2, and your autos, and electric cues. And you hold your W for disengage or extra damage. More often than not, though, you'll find yourself against tougher enemies, where you will need to play a defensive style. In which case, that you wait for enemies to make a mistake or engage on you, in which you will then initiate your combos with W to block the majority of damage, within you will disengage with your E slow, or your Q2 with its long, long range. In any case, I go more into depths about this in my combo guide in the description below. Feel free to check that out. Only fools flee. All right. You've broken past laning phase, and now we're in the mid to late game. This is where it gets quite interesting. In previous seasons, post laning phase, I messed it typically was quite limited in her macro options. Most of the times, what you did was have an assassin-esque play style, where you focused on pushing in waves to tier two, and roaming. You would often go for a skirmish with your jungler, invade enemy jungle, or perhaps just go mid to get a potential pick. However, in this current season, you are now open for split pushing in a way which you couldn't previously do before. You could potentially kill or force an enemy to recall, and simply go in and take one, two, three plates, or simply if the enemy laner decides to TP to the opposite end of the map, you can suddenly go in and take a several amount of plates, accelerating your lead by one or two kills worth of gold. That is quite substantial. In any case, we're uh, these are your two main play styles in the mid game. You want to choose to between pushing and roaming or you can decide to split push by diving the enemy laner and then getting the plates. Now, in the side laner side lanes, you want to make sure you're matching the proper enemy laner. What I mean by that is that based on your current build, you need to determine who is the person you want to play against so that you can take their tower or have priority against. If you're going lethality as an example, you very much so want to force yourself to lane against the enemy mid laner because they're more likely to be a squishy mage or assassin who you can simply dive in under their own tower. You also want to focus on opening up the map. If mid tier one has not fallen by then, it is your primary goal to try to take herald or force tier one to fall down as that is what opens up the rest of the map and the rest of the tier twos for your taking. You also want to keep track of your own teleport and making sure you have it up to teleport to any major important objectives or battles before they potentially even happen. Now, let's talk about the late game. In the late game, you typically want to find yourself sticking with your team, hiding in fog of war. The reason for this is very important. Even a few seconds count. You do not want to spend too much time away from your team. Of course, you do want to catch and push in waves ahead of time so enemy uh, enemies don't suddenly take your tier twos and tier threes in a couple seconds. But you do want to push in waves and then immediately stick with your team as much as you can. This is so you can help your team get vision, get space, and if somebody suddenly jumps on your team, you're able to instantly react with a counter offensive action of your own through your ult in in of war. Alternatively, you may also suddenly find that one person of the enemy team oversteps forward, which you can instantly send your ultimate to, and your team will be there for instant follow-up, winning you an objective before it has even spawned. Now, let's also talk about team fights. How do we play team fights? Well, frankly, that differs based on, obviously, your both your playstyle and your build. If you're playing as a bruiser, then you often want to play front to back. You want to walk up with your teammates, you want to do some good damage to the tank or whatever their frontline is. But, the moment you find a good opportunity to, and you have soaked up a good amount of damage, you could suddenly disengage through using your ultimate, getting onto the enemy backline. With that, you have suddenly shifted the change of focus, and you're able to change targets immediately. Only fools flee. Ooh. Well, looks like we've made it through most of the guide. If you're still here, then, honestly, I just got to say thank you. And I deeply love and I appreciate you. Anyways, let's go down to the FAQ. So, a few weeks ago, posted a quick FAQ where I basically said, "Hey, I'll answer any questions if you guys have for me in this video." So, let's start with the first question. When to run the First Strike Cashback Juggernaut page, g o a t Jack of All Trades? All right, great question. I find that anytime you don't need the early game offensive power of Bone Plating Second Wind or Shield Bash of the Resolve secondary, then I find that Inspiration secondary with Juggernaut and Cashback can be quite good, as they give you a good amount of scaling um and tempo in the early to mid game, where Jot allows you very quickly to access a large portion of AD and ability haste for free. And cashback allows you to very quickly reach those early game cheap item spikes who suddenly start boosting yourself towards the second and third item where you are able to then completely dominate the rest of the game. Of course, sometimes you cannot simply afford to give up the that bone plating or you find yourself needing that shield bash to take out this champion early on. And that is perfectly fine as well. Next question is when you rush items such as Axiom Arc or Death's Dance over the standard Voltaic or Eclipse rush? Another amazing question. Frankly, I've just began to replace uh Voltic with Axiom Arc all the time. The reason for that is simply being that Axiom Arc has very similar stats, yet is much cheaper and offers a much better tempo. Not to mention, you know, sim- the passive is just quite good. In the game team fights, you're able to have your ult up twice and just having your ult up more often in general for more picks is amazing feeling to have. I do find that Death's Dance over Eclipse is only for very specific matchups such as Riven or Tryndamere, champions who are very heavily uh beaten by armor. Of course, I don't like rushing Tabis as I believe that Tabis is a bit of a weaker item right now, especially on a champion like Amumu, uh which is why I decided, "You know what? Might as well well get Death's Dance." It is an item that gives you a pretty good amount of AD, right? But also gives you pretty good stats with ability haste and armor, but also completely destroys champions which want to kill you in one combo or kill you within a certain amount of time such as again Tryndamere or Riven. Now, next question. How to play against people who no brain split push? Honestly, I really get this. I've been struggling with that. Um, I remember struggling back with that all the way in Emerald. I was like, "Ah, how do I deal with this Yorick, this Kieran? Even though I killed him a bunch of times, they just keep on just split pushing and taking my turrets." Well, it's actually surprisingly simple. It's to recognize what their game plan is and act before they can accomplish it. And what I mean by that is before every team fight, make sure to push out those waves. Before you start roaming down to mid and and joining your team, make sure to push those waves. Whatever lane you think they're going to go down to split push in, you need to push that wave in ahead of time so that you have time to return to defend that lane by the time you're done with whatever you're doing on the other side of the map. Alternatively, you could of course just use a tried and true TP strat of uh catching a wave then TPing to a team fight or better yet, [music] going to that team fight, forcing it to end quickly, then the moment's done, TPing back to that lane to defend it and preventing them from taking your tower. >> [snorts] >> All right. Next question. In mid and late game team fights, I have been struggling with them. Am I supposed to engage or follow up? Well, that's a pretty good question. And honestly, it very much so varies on every game. However, I find that uh if you're playing with a team which you don't have any other engage or they're team's primary engage, then sometimes it's best to wait for the enemy to engage on you, in which case you have a much easier window to counter engage, right? Or alternatively, you can just simply send it when you find an isolated target and hope your team is able to follow up on you. Otherwise, if your team does have an engage, such as Jarvan or Amumu, then you can wait for them to CC a priority target, in which case you would just send your ult and follow up that way. All right, next question. When to pick Amumu at all? Always. Always pick Amumu. Why wouldn't you? Haha. All right, next question. Oh, okay, I'm just kidding. Um, I'll give you a more serious answer. I think Amumu, in general, is just an amazing blind pick champion. I think she coordinates, she does extremely well in team comps where you find that you have somebody as a primary engage. You do not want to pick Amumu to be your primary frontliner or primary engage. But she does amazingly well when you have a team comp that works well with resets and already has like a tank for you. Uh, such as, you know, um, if you have like a Jarvan, right, Syndra, Jinx, Thresh, that is an amazing team comp for a champion such as Amumu, because then you already have multiple champions who are able to engage for you, right, and you wish you could follow up on. But also, uh, a team for which uh, the moment you lock down somebody with your ult and your team gets a kill, you basically won the team fight. Uh, I think these moments, like, they I guess, in other words, you can really just say those front-to-back pro play comps are amazing for Amumu. Uh, but if you ever need a blind pick, that's when Amumu really pops off as well. I think she does great as a flexible assassin and a bruiser and is very highly adaptable to almost any game state. So, the rather I guess a better question might be when would you not pick Illaoi? In which case I would just say into really hard team comps um where like, you know, if you have a Malphite and a Rammus and I don't know. I don't I have no clue. I I feel like Illaoi just does so well into everything that uh just go ahead and and you can you can really pick her into anything. Okay, finishing up. What items or opponents do you go versus in early chain mail or other armor? Another amazing question. I appreciate this one. I like to sometimes still go Eclipse into these items. Um it depends on the champion, right? If it's just like a random like non-tank that decides to build some armor, then I don't particularly care. I just ignore it and I build Eclipse as normal. But if it's like a heavily armored champion such as Ornn, right? Or, you know, Rammus, if I'm playing against a Rammus top for whatever reason. Or, you know, I'm playing against a Malphite, right? Champions which scale pretty heavily with armor. Then I will just build Black Cleaver first item. It is a surprisingly great item uh to, you know, build first, right? It gives you a decent amount of AD. It gives you a good amount of sustained health and a large amount of ability haste. It gives you better movement speed and also gives you a shitload a shitload, excuse my language, of armor penetration uh and armor shred. And don't forget, back in the day Riven players used to rush this item all the time. And the thing is, you still can. So, if you struggle with, you know, these tanks or these early armor items, then Black Cleaver may just be your solution. All right, that was a That was a tough one. Finally finished the guide. Hooray. Um What are you guys still doing here, by the way? Uh Are you still here after the FAQ and everything? Jeez. Uh Well, okay. If you guys are actually still here watching all the way to this end of the video, then I have to say thank you again. Um When I started the I mean, jeez, this this channel's growing fast. Um we are almost at YouTube partner already. Can you believe it? It's kind of crazy, no? Like, 1 year ago, when I first made the Amumu matchup spreadsheet, I did not imagine like this. I would not imagine I was doing this right now. Um But I just I guess I quickly want to give a shout-out to you guys and say thank you for all the amazing love and support and encouragement you guys have given to me. This community has been nothing but amazing. Like, I am getting, you know, random DMs from people uh like, on a daily basis, just saying, "Hey, thanks for doing this. Thanks for doing that." And then they show me these like big uh screenshots of like their blue carpet like match records. I'm like, "Holy that's so cool." And then like, they send these cool clips, and I'm like, "Yeah, you you guys make this work it work worth it." Um So, thanks. All right, guys. Uh good luck on the Rift. And see you guys on the next video. Peace.
