Title: NEW TIER LIST for PATCH 26.01 - MASSIVE CHANGES - League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1tcDbKDkp0

Content:
Season 16 hits live servers this upcoming Thursday, January 8th. So, in today's video, we're going to be providing you guys with an update on how we think the meta will be shaping out for every single role. There are so many changes being released for this season as we've got a ton of new items. There are new roll quests, crit damage is being increased, is gone, and much more. So that we don't waste your guys' time, we're not going to cover all of the new changes in detail for this video because it's likely many of you have already seen the changes over the past few weeks. We'll be constantly referring to the new changes throughout, but we won't have a specific section where we're breaking down each change one by one. If you're in the minority who haven't seen all the new season 16 changes, then we'll link our item breakdown and changes breakdown videos in the top right hand corner of the screen. And it would be best if you watch those before this one to get completely caught up with everything in this tier list. We're going to focus solely on the champion changes and the champions that we think will gain the most amount of power due to the 26.1 changes. And if you don't want to play fair in season 16, listen up. We've just released the single most LP spiking course of the entire year, the Challenger Launch Course. All throughout December, our challengers have been spamming PvE to solve the meta before it even [music] hits live servers. We've distilled hundreds of hours of testing into a single course. You'll learn everything you need to know in minutes while everyone else stays confused for weeks. Skip the generic January YouTube clickbait and learn what actually matters. Click the link below to join SkillCap instantly. You'll get the launch course today, plus our [music] full season 16 curriculum releasing throughout the month, all backed by our five division rankup guarantee when actively using our platform. And with that said, let's get into it. So, starting off with the top lane champion changes. First up, we've got Gangplank. Since Riot's increasing crit damage from 175 to 200% for this season, Gangplank is going to be adjusted so that he doesn't end up in an overly powerful [music] spot. Passive damage is no longer going to scale off crit chance. So, if we have a look at the comparison clips, a passive crit in 25.24 24 was dealing 813 damage and going into 26.1 it will be dealing 759 damage if you're on three items. Q damage is going up though as the crit strike damage is being increased from 175 to 200%. E damage is going to be nerfed with the base damage dropping from 75 scaling to 195 to 75 scaling to 155. So there are a few key takeaways from not only these changes but the item changes as well. With essence reaver now going back to a sheen item. It's very likely that it will become a viable rush on Gangplank again. The thing about the changes GP received is that he's even more heavily incentivized to build crit with Q crit damage going up but E base damage going down. If you're not critting with Q, then your overall damage output will be lower. So going for Trinity Force Rush will delay your ability to stack crit. And in that case, we feel like Trinity Priority should be on the downfall while Essence Reaver Rush becomes most optimal. This is currently just a theory, though, and we'll only know for sure when the changes hit live servers. So definitely be on the lookout later on in the week for the season 16 itemization guide that will be uploading [music] with the new top lane roll quest where you are given a free teleport on completion of the quest. It will be interesting to see if priority shifts to ignite for Gangplank. [music] If you go ignite and then also take grasp with bone plating and runes. Your early game with Gangplank is actually really solid. So especially because you just get so much more value out of having crit [music] completed for this season. Opting for a more snowbally setup with ignite should be a lot better. Where Gangplank lands exactly power-wise is tough to say due to all the different factors that will have influence on his strength, but we expect him to be a tier or above and we'll be placing him in A for now. So Garen is another top lane champ who builds a bit of crit and therefore he will receive a small nerf to his E damage with the crit ratio being lowered from 80 to 70%. Since Garen was already a top lane champion who liked running ignite over teleport, the fact he's now going to get access to that free teleport in the mid game is really nice. With crit damage going up, we'll have to keep an eye on whether Mortal Reminder or Infinity Edge begin to outperform Spear of Shojin as Garren's third item purchase. Stridebreaker into Phantom Dancer should remain the standard core for each game. But since crit damage has been increased from 175 to 200%, it makes going for a second crit item a bit stronger. Now, overall, we expect for Garen to land in a pretty good spot to start season 16. So, he's going to be placed in the top lane S tier. Next on the nerf list for top lane is going to be Quinn. With her passive [music] damage being lowered, the base is going up. However, the AD ratio is being changed from a 16 scaling to 50% ratio to a 40% [music] bonus AD ratio. It's a lot easier to understand the change if we just have a look at the comparison clips as Quinn on her standard two items will be dealing around six less damage per passive proc. So, really not a harsh nerf at all and we're pretty high on Quinn to start season 16 for a couple different reasons. The first is that in order to complete your roll quest, you'll need to kill minions, kill tower plates, take down towers, score kills, or kill epic monsters. And Quinn with her lane dominance has the ability to complete the quest faster than most top lane [music] champs. Once that roll quest is completed and you get teleport unlocked for free, Quinn's ability to impact the map is just going to be disgusting. Imagine you get a kill top lane, reset, and then go for a roam down bot. You end up getting another kill bot lane and then instead of having a base, you can teleport in behind the enemy top laner who's overextended and grab another kill on them. The snowball power that Quinn is going to have with this roll quest will be immense and we see her being a top tier top laner because of it. So, she'll be placed up in the S tier. So, Trindir is going to be a really interesting top lane champion to track in 26.1 because he's [music] the one top laner who benefits from crit damage going up from 175 to 200% the most. To compensate for this crit buff, Riot will be tweaking a few of Trindir's abilities. Q is being changed. So, it's not going to give you a base amount of AD anymore and instead will just give you AD depending on how much health you're missing. So, looking at the comparison clips, if you are on full health and at level three with maxed out fury, you were dealing 92 damage without a crit in 25.24 and 162 damage with a crit. Jump ahead to 26.1 and you're going to be dealing 87 damage without a crit and 175 damage with a crit. So, with the Q change, if you're on full health, crits will be higher than before. But if you don't crit, your auto damage will be lower. What about if we drop to around 200 health, though? Here's what we [music] found. In 25.24, 24, you were dealing 115 damage without a crit and 22 damage with a crit. In 26.1, you will be dealing 116 damage without a crit and 234 damage with a crit. So, in knowing all this, we can conclude that Trindir will always be dealing more damage when he crits in 26.1. However, if he's not on low health, his non-rit autos will be weaker. W is being changed as well so that the slow is dropping from 30 scaling to 60% to 30 scaling to 50% while slow duration takes a hit from 4 to 2.5 seconds. So what do we expect for Trindameir with all these changes in mind? Well, Trindir's mid to late game is just going to be flatout stronger. Your crit damage is higher than before. So once you get a few items and can easily reach 100% crit, then the dueling threat of Trindir will be nuts. Early laning may be a bit weaker, but as long as you're able to get some crits off, the boost in damage will easily make up for the loss in damage from non-rits. So, we feel like Trindir should see a net boost in power [music] for season 16. Not only because of these changes we just covered, but also due to the fact that split pushing has become way more powerful. There's now going to be turret plates on the inner turrets and on the inhibitor turrets and tower plates will no longer expire after 14 minutes. So, the amount of gold you'll be able to acquire from splitting is up by a ton. There's also this new effect being added to towers called crystine overgrowth that will allow for your auto attacks to deal bonus true damage to towers. So, there's a lot of things adding up in Trinameir's favor for season 16. Trinameir is also a top laner who likes to run the summoner spell combo of flash and ghost. So, with the roll quest now granting him the free teleport, his ability to impact the map will be absolutely incredible. Now, you'll actually be able to look for these teleport back door plays in the later stages of the game with Trindir while both teams try to fight for Baron. So, that alone is going to feel so nice for the champ. Overall, we are quite bullish on Trindir going to this new season. So, he's going to get a promotion up into the top lane S tier. All right, so with all the direct top lane changes out of the way, let's have a look at the tier list and discuss our overall outlook on the meta. So the roll quests are without a doubt going to be incredibly impactful for top lane this season as after you complete your quest, you will now be given a free teleport, 600 bonus experience immediately, increased XP from all future sources, and a level cap that goes to 20 instead of 18. If you've taken teleport as one of your summoners, then you'll instead gain a shield after teleporting, 50% bonus movement speed for 4 seconds after using [music] TP, and a 3se secondond channel duration instead of an 8-second channel. In order to complete the quest, you need to accumulate 1,200 points. You get 15 points for a kill or assist, two points per minion kill, 50 points per turret kill, 50 points per turret plate, and 30 points per epic monster. And these point values will be doubled while up in top lane. So champions who have strong early game kill threat are likely the ones who stay away from teleport moving forward. For example, someone like Kenan would have definitely preferred running ignite to bolster his laning phase in previous seasons, but couldn't justify it because having teleport for mid to late game flanks was just too important. So now that Kenan can just get teleport after completing his quest, ignite for lane should now be the way to go on the champ. Urgot is another champ who should be liking a lot more now too, as his early game kill power will be really hard to match. If you're playing in a matchup that you know you're going to have a more difficult time against early on, then just going teleport like you would have in the past should be completely fine, too. I think where going away from teleport will be most valuable is if you're in a matchup that you know you can snowball off of really hard with an early kill and therefore opting for ignite or exhaust or ghost will be a lot more attractive now since you gain 600 bonus XP on quest completion and more XP for the rest of the game. Someone like Kale who scales so well with levels [music] will be a pick to watch. Split push champs in general should see a nice boost in power for season 16 because of the fact that there are tower plates on inner turrets and inhibitor turrets. The crystalline growth on towers making them easier to take down is going to be really nice as well. With these auto attack reliant split push champs all likely to see a boost in play rate, we still think Malight should remain a top tier pick in meta as he's the best champion by far at countering that kind of meta. We're a bit scared as to how Mundo is going to fare to start the season because with the roll quest, it will now make it so that running Ignite against Mundo becomes a no-brainer play. Even if you're playing a tank top in Mundo, there's really no reason not to take ignite due to how hard it counters the champ and because you'll get your teleport in the mid game anyways from the roll quest. So, right now we've got Mundo down in the top lane B tier. Nasis is another pick we think could struggle more to start the season, Nasis has such a weak early game, and with Ignite likely becoming more popular. Surviving early on will be more difficult. Nasis is rarely going to be able to threaten for tower plates or kills early on, too, and can end up getting denied a fair amount of CS depending on the matchup. So, there's a good chance he's going to be behind the curve and completing his quest relative to the opposing top laner. And it could then lead to the enemy top just snowballing things way out of control before you can come online. Early game dominant picks should in theory have a lot more potential to snowball games even harder than before. Because if they can score kills in lane and then unlock teleport, they can then look to TP across the map to spread their lead and heavily out impact the opposing top laner. Things could get really snowbally really fast if one top laner completes their quest and then has teleport for a dragon fight while the enemy top has yet to complete their quest. So, they are just stuck in top lane. So, moving on to jungle now for the champion changes. We've got Elise who's going to be losing some early clear speed. Q damage in human form is going down from 75 scaling to 175 to 65 scaling to 145. Q damage in spider form will be dropping as well from 75 scaling to 175 to 65 scaling to 145. There will be a new effect on both abilities though where the monster damage cap will now have a 90% AP ratio. This just feels like a net nerf to Elise though because the AP ratio doesn't matter much at all for her first clear. So with her first clear becoming weaker, that doesn't bode well for Elise at all due to her being more early game reliant. With fail lights though being introduced this season and providing laners with more vision, it's going to make early ganking harder. So Elise in general was a pick we thought would already land in a relatively weaker spot even without a direct nerf. So we definitely don't see Elise being a top percentile jungler heading into season 16. So she won't be up in the S tier as we'll have her in A for now. A jungler we are more optimistic about heading into season 16 is Graves. So Riot's going to be nerfing Graves passive crit ratio per pellet going from 45 to 35%. However, because crit damage as a whole is going up from 175 to 200%, Graves will be dealing more damage when he crits. On his three item core, we can see that a crit was dealing 701 total damage in 25.24, and now it's up at 759 damage in [music] 26.1. So, a 58 damage increase per crit is pretty substantial. And it's not just this buff that we think will be helping Graves out. Ganking junglers will have a harder time succeeding this season because failites are going to be making ganking more difficult. So, a jungler who's perfectly fine cycling his camps on spawn like Graves should like the direction that 26.1 is headed. Graves was already in a pretty good spot to end off season 15. So, with season 16 very likely to be positive from him, we'll be moving Graves from A into S tier. The next jungler in line for a change heading into season 16 is Kindred. Riot will be reducing Kindred's E monster damage cap going from 300 to 200. So, this is likely due to Kindred benefiting from crit damage going up as it's a compensation nerf so she doesn't end up too strong. We'll have to see if a new Kindred build pops up for this season because Stormrazer is back and that could be a new potential rush option for the champ. The issue with Kindred's current most popular rush items being Kraken and Trinity Force is that they don't offer up any crit at all. So, you won't be able to take advantage of crit damage going up. Stormrazer does have 25% crit, so we wouldn't be surprised if it does become a viable rush on Kindred moving forward. We'll have a more concrete idea on builds as the patch rolls out this week, so be on the lookout for our itemization guide that will be up soon. As for Kindred's power level, we think they'll be in a pretty good spot. So, there's a chance they end up in S if everything aligns, but for now, we'll be placing them in A. So, Rengar is being changed for this season so that his Q empowered AD ratio is going down from 30 to 20%. But because Rengar's Q crits and with crit going up from 175 to 200%, it's not looking like this nerf is actually anything significant. Rengar Q in 26.1 is dealing the exact same amount of damage as it was in 25.24 when you were on two items. So, as a result, we don't think Rengar is going to see much of a power shift compared to where he was at the end of season 15, and we'll be leaving him in jungle B tier. Next on the adjustment list for jungle is Shico, as Riot will be reducing his passive bonus AD ratio going from 25 to 20%. Q backstab crit strike damage is going up, however, from 155 to 160%. Now, as long as the numbers are correct on the PVE, that it's looking like Shako's Q is going to be dealing a ton more damage due to crit damage being [music] increased. In 25.24, Q damage was clocking in at 487 total, while in 26.1, it's way up at 604. There's a 117 damage increase on two items, which is pretty insane. With this in mind, though, Shako may end up losing a good chunk of time off his first clear now that camps spawn at 55 seconds. Shako isn't going to have nearly as much time as before to set up his boxes, so you won't be clearing as fast as last season. So, the big question then becomes, is the Q buff big enough to outweigh the slower clear? probably not to be honest as losing time off your first clear does often lead to a pretty big drop in power. So, we're going to have Shico placed a bit lower down on the tier list to start season 16 as he'll be in the B tier. So, Riot's got a nerf lined up for Viego with his Q passive crit strike damage going down from 175 to 150%. Q active crit strike ratio is down as well from zero scaling to 75% to zero scaling to 50%. And then our AD ratio is dropping from 120 scaling to 240% based on crit to 120 scaling to 204% based on crit. So this doesn't end up being a nerf at all pre-2 items on VGO as Kraken Slayer doesn't have any crit, but once you grab the collector, then you'll start to be affected. What we actually found when testing on the PBE is that a Q into auto crit is going to be dealing more damage in 26.1 than in 25.24. So because crit is going up from 175 to 200%, it looks like that's going to minimize the effects of the Q nerfs. Our damage will be down a little bit though, dropping by about 10 on your two item spike. So, all in all, Viego should be completely fine going into season 16 despite these direct changes, and he will continue to be placed in the jungle A tier. So, now that all the jungle changes are covered, let's give you guys our thoughts on how the meta should align for 26.1. The biggest change that will influence jungle includes camps now spawning in at 55 seconds and the first scuttle crab spawning in at 2 minutes [music] and 55 seconds. We've done a bit of testing on the PVE and what we found is that only the fastest junglers are actually able to complete a full clear and be in time for the scuttle spawn. Carus, for example, is one of the fastest clears in the game and we were able to get a full clear done at around 2 minutes and 40 seconds. Last season, scuttle crab spawned in at 3 minutes and 30 seconds, while most junglers were able to finish a full clear before that timer. In season 16, not all junglers will be able to finish their full clear before 2 minutes and 55 seconds and be on time for that scuttle spawn. So, it's going to open up for some interesting possibilities. Our first reaction to this is that junglers like Carthus, Zyra, Diana, and Hecarim who can clear quite fast should have an edge up on most other junglers. If you are playing a jungler who cannot finish a full clear before that scuttle crab spawn, then you either run the risk of losing both scuttles or you have to try and fight the scuttle at level three when the enemy is at level four. Take Ramis for example. Although likely not optimized to the max, we were able to get a full clear timer for him at around 3 minutes. So, even if you could miraculously shave off another 10 seconds, which we doubt is likely, Ramis won't actually be in the river by the time Scuttle spawns in at 2 minutes and 55 seconds. If someone like Carus can complete his clear in 2 minutes and 40 seconds and take the first crab as soon as it spawns, he could then look to path straight over for the second crab. And if the enemy jungler is on a slow clearing champ like Ramis, then Carus could just double up crabs on him. A jungler like Silus, who has a pretty slow first clear, may end up falling off quite a bit for this season because of the fact he won't be able to full clear in time for the scuttle spawn. So, that's our first take in that slower clearing junglers may end up worse off in season 16 due to these timer changes. Next up, we found this really interesting interaction with the new item Dusk and Dawn, and we think that it's going to make Diana and Ekko really OP. So, the Dusk and Dawn passive is going to proc on hit effects twice after you use a spell and then auto attack. This means that Ekko can now proc his passive with a simple EQ animation cancel combo or by just using E and then auto attacking once. This also means that Diana will be able to proc her passive with just two auto attacks after she jumps on her target instead of three. Dusk and Dawn also has all kinds of stats that Ekko and Diana want as you've got AP, health, attack speed, and ability haste. We really think season 16 is setting up for Diana to excel a ton because not only should she be loving a greater incentive to hard farm due to failites, but that Dusk and Dawn synergy just seems really insane. And then that brings us to our next topic of conversation, the failites. Faillights are going to be warding spots around the map that extend the vision of wards. So, this is going to make ganking top and bot lane especially hard if you're approaching from the river. So, junglers who are more reliant on ganking early on to be most successful like Niti, Lein, and Shinzou may have a harder time finding success, while junglers that enjoy hard farming like Diana, Carus, Udier, Zyra, and Graves should be better off. A jungler like Talon or Rexi are pretty interesting though because of the fact they can bypass terrain. Players could end up getting lulled into a false sense of security if they have a failite ward down. But if you're on Talon and can just completely avoid pathing through the river to get to top or bot, then it does open up for more opportunities than other junglers. So take the first tier list of the patch with a grain of salt because predicting the meta to a te is completely impossible. But Diana and Ekko are definitely two champs we think should land on the more powerful side due to their synergy with Dusk and Dawn. Moving on to the mid lane changes now. Ushen is going to receive a bunch of adjustments as he will be a champ who benefits from crit damage going up from 175 to 200%. So auction's passive second shot bonus crit damage ratio is actually going up from 30 to 100%. Q damage is being changed so that the base is up from five scaling to 85 to 45 scaling to 165. However, the ratio is being changed from an 80% total AD to 70% bonus AD. We can see here that on two items this is actually a buff reduction. So throughout the early to midame this Q change is a buff with passive and Q damage buffed. It's E that is being hit with a more hefty nerf. Base damage per shot is going down from 15 scaling to 75 to 8 scaling to 40. AD ratio is up though from 15 to 25%. Crit damage ratio on E is dropping from 90 to 50%. And then crit strike damage is being reduced from 157 to 100%. And then one more change to auction R with the crit damage ratio going up from 50 to 100%. At least that's what Riot has written on the PBE wiki. However, when testing the damage from R is actually lower so they may have made a typo and R is supposed to be nerfed. So honestly, for the average Auction player, we wouldn't be surprised at all if these are net buffs. Auction E is the most difficult part about the champion. So if you're just autoing, throwing out Q's, and using R, then he does see a boost in damage. For more experienced Auction players, we can see the E nerf hitting harder. So higher ELO is where we'd expect the adjustments [music] to affect him the most. Overall though, with crit damage going up and liking a core build that involves crit, he should land in a pretty good spot for season 16, and we'll be placing him in the A tier. So Riot actually did it. Season 16 is the year that Cassie will be able to buy boots. Cass's passive is being changed so that instead of providing movement speed per level in exchange for not being able to buy boots, her passive will now increase the effectiveness of movement speed by six scaling to 40%. We did some testing and on your boots completion, you're going to have around 30 more movement speed than you would before. So, not just the fact that you'll be more mobile with Cass, but the fact she'll now be able to opt into Merk treads or steel caps depending on matchups will be so nice. Access to tenacity and magic resist from merk treads is going to make Cass an even harder counter to stuff like Silus and Leblanc. As if chewing through Rod of Ages wasn't already hard enough, a cast with Merk treads against an AP jungle in mid is going to have an insanely good skirmish. Now, of course, the one downside is the fact that you won't be completing your core items quite as fast as before, but we think that access to more movement speed along with other perks that boots provide should outweigh that and be net positive for her. Overall, movement speed as a stat is just so broken and really underrated. So Cass being more mobile, especially for a champion who lacks a gap closer, is going to be amazing. As a side note, top lane Cass may actually end up even more insane than mid lane because access to more movement speed early on will just make kiting and chasing melee top laners that much more easy. So we're going to go out on a limb and say Cassopia will be one of the best midlaners for season 16 as she'll be placed in the OP tier. So with crit damage being increased from 175 to 200%, it means that nerfs to Yaso and Yona are definitely warranted. Riot's going to be nerfing Yasuo so that his total crit strike damage is now reduced by 10%. Interestingly enough, because crit damage is going up, even with this direct nerf, Yaso isn't any weaker for season 16. If we look at the comparison clips, we can see that with 100% crit in 25.24, an auto attack is dealing 397 damage. While in 26.1, an auto will now be dealing 396 damage. So, a one damage nerf, which is completely negligible, and therefore we shouldn't expect for Yaso to lose any strength despite this nerf. So, he will remain placed in the mid- lane A tier. As for Yona, it's the exact same outcome as the nerf to his passive really doesn't matter at all because of the fact that crit damage is up as a whole. So, auto attack damage on crit is going to be the same as where it was in 25.24. As a result, no movement for Yona on the tier list as we will be leaving him in the mid-lane B tier. So, if we dive into the mid-lane tier list now, we've got a lot of different thoughts on where the meta is likely to land. First off, the new items being introduced should play a pretty big role in shaping the meta as gunlade coming back combined with Dusk and Dawn being introduced are the two we're most intrigued about. Gunblade being readded back into the game should provide an immediate boost to the likes of Katarina and Akali. So, we've got them rated high up on the tier list. As we mentioned when covering jungle, Dusk and Dawn is looking super broken on Ekko and Diana, so they are going to be rated highly as well. The faster you can unlock your quest as a mid laner, the better, as access to tier three boots and an empowered recall will help with snowballing. Therefore, we wouldn't be surprised if champions who can accelerate into their quest the fastest end up in really powerful spots. Someone like Leblanc, who can look to threaten a ton early on and complete her quest quickly, should be really good. On the flip side, champions who are weaker early on and who won't be able to collect tower plates or threaten to kill towers to complete their quest faster, may see a bit of a drop off. So, Cassadin and Malahar are two champs in specific that we could see struggling a bit more due to their quest completions coming in later on average. Playing for side lane is going to be a lot more rewarding this season due to tower plates being on inner turrets and inhibitor turrets. So Yasu, Yona, Urelia, and Scion are ones to keep [music] an eye on. So the bulk of the champion changes are for ADCs in 26.1 due to the fact that Riot has increased crit damage from 175 to 200%. Because of this, they are going to be compensating a ton of ADCs with nerfs so they don't end up overly powerful. Aphelios is first up as his Calibram mark bonus AD ratio is going down from 20 to 15%. Onslaught base damage is dropping while the bonus AD ratio is being lowered too. Dusk wave base damage is going down early but up later on while the bonus AD ratio is dropping. Sentry bonus AD ratio is just being flat out reduced. And then Moonlight Vigil crit damage ratio is going up from 45 to 70%. At least that's what Riot has written down on their PvE wiki page. However, from the testing we've done, our damage just looks to be down. So either we're missing something or Riot made a typo and our damage is actually supposed to be down. So overall, we're not too worried about these direct nerfs as crit damage going up should be enough to compensate and therefore we're going to leave Aphelios placed in the ADC A tier. Ash is going to be changed in an interesting way as her W AD ratio is going down from 110 to 100%. However, passive crit strike chance is being increased from 75 to 100%. If we take a look at auto attack damage, Ash autos will be dealing more damage in 26.1 compared to 25.24. And since W damage really isn't down by much at all, only three damage difference on two items, that boost in auto damage should easily outweigh the W nerf. Ash is going to have her scaling strength reduced a bit with attack speed growth lowered from 3.33 to 3% and attack damage growth lowered from 3.45 to three. All in all though, on your Midame spike, Ash is just dealing more damage in 26.1. We're pretty optimistic about Ash for season 16, not just because of these direct changes, but also because of the new role quest. To complete your quest, being able to kill towers and take tower plates is really important. And Ash is an ADC who has the ability to do that quite well because of how strong her early game is. Early game dominant ADCs should be on the rise for season 16 because when you complete your ADC quest, you instantly gain 300 gold and then you will receive more gold from killing minions for the rest of the game. So, the earlier you can complete your quest, [music] the quicker you're going to hit your mid-ame spike, and it's going to make your snowball potential as an ADC quite a bit better. So, in regards to Ash's tierless placement, we've got her at the very top of the list as she's locking down an OP tier spot for 26.1. Caitlyn is next on the adjustments list as her passive crit strike is being increased from 85 to 100%. As we can see in the comparison clips, this adds 24 damage to your headshot crit when you are on two items. Our crit strike ratio is going down though from zero scaling to 50% to zero scaling to 30%. So all things considered, Kate should be heavily net buffed for season 16. The fact that Kate's normal crits will be hitting harder along with her headshot crits is absolutely amazing. While the slight loss in damage from R will be easily made up for by your crit autos dealing more damage. Stormrazer coming back into the game is going to be really interesting for Kate as it used to be run as a core item on her in the past. Do we see an energized build make a comeback for this season? something like Stormrazer with RFC and Infinity Edge. There's definitely a lot of possibilities for Kate builds, but builds aside, we think the champ should be way more powerful in general, similar to our outlook on Ash. Because Kate's early game is quite strong, she'll be able to complete the ADC quest much earlier on average and therefore accelerate into her midame spike faster. So, despite Caitlyn ending off season 15 in a rather average spot, we're going to be bumping her up the tier list for 26.1 and placing her in the ADC S tier. Riot has a nerf planned for Corki, which is kind of odd considering he doesn't really benefit from the crit buff as much as other ADCs. Nevertheless, it's a damage nerf to his W, and it's going down from 40 scaling to 100% to 30 scaling to 90. Worth noting is that Essence Reaver is now a sheen item once again. So, that could be a potential rush option for Corki in 26.1. With crit damage going up, er does become more attractive since it offers 25% crit. So, something like Essence Reaper and De Manimmune and Infinity Edge may be a core build worth looking into. Corki has been in a pretty weak state as of recent and we're not confident he's going to gain a whole lot of power due to the essence reaver changes. So for now he's going to be remain placed [music] in the B tier. Draven is going to receive a few direct nerfs with his attack damage growth going down from 3.6 to three. W bonus attack speed is being lowered as well from 30 scaling to 50% to 20 scaling to 40%. So these direct nerfs shouldn't be all that bad considering Draven will be a big winner from the crit changes. He should also be a big winner from the additional snowball mechanics being added to the game as bonus gold on completing your quest and then more tower plates throughout the game will help Draven out a bunch. Draven is a champion who needs to stay ahead of the curve in order to be most impactful because later on in the game a lot of ADCs can out impact him in fights if they reach three items or beyond. So for Draven's tier list placement, we think he'll be in a really good spot to start this year and we'll have him up in the S tier. Jyn is next up for a nerf with his crit damage ratio being reduced from 86 to 75%. We can see here in the comparison clips that because of this nerf, Jyn will actually be losing some damage on his crits. So, that's pretty interesting because we've got ADCs like Ash and Caitlin who are gaining damage on their crit autos while Jyn's are dropping in damage. Maybe Riot thinks that the re addition of Stormrazer is going to provide Jyn with an outsized boost in strength. So, they're hitting him a little harder than other ADCs. So, Jyn's power for this season is going to depend entirely on how strong of a spot Stormrazer lands. And for that reason, predicting his power level for 26.1 is pretty tough. For now, we're going to be placing Jyn in the A tier. Riot has two nerfs planned for Jinx with her R base damage and R ratios being reduced. Attack speed growth is also going down from 1.4 to 1%. So with Jinx now getting more damage on her crits in the midame, she's going to be pretty nasty three items onward. Getting to that three item spike will be easier this season due to the roll quest. So we think Jinx should land in a pretty strong spot and we'll be placing her in the S tier. Lucian is going to be hit with four different [music] nerfs as his attack speed growth is going down from 3.3 to 2.5%. AD growth is down from 2.9 to 2.5. Q base damage is going up. However, the bonus AD ratio is being changed from 60 scaling to 120% to 100% at all ranks. And then our crit chance per shot is going up from 4 to 4.5%. So considering Essence Reaver is now back to being a sheen item for season 16, we feel like that alone is going to give Lucian a nice boost in strength that partially lessens the blow of these direct nerfs. We think Lucian should be at least an A tier pick, but whether he lands an S is tough to say. Similar to Jyn, it's all going to come down to how good Lucian actually is with the new Essence Reaver. So, for now, we're going to leave him in A, but depending on how Essence Reaver looks, he could be in for a move up into S for the mid-patch tier list. Misfortune is going to be hit with a nerf to her Q bounce damage as the bounce crit is being reduced from 175 to 150%. R will now have a base amount of damage per wave. The AD ratio per wave is being reduced from 80 to 60% and crit damage is going up from 120 to 130%. So, with these R changes, it looks like on your standard three item core that you'll be losing out on a little bit of damage. Taking into account that Misfortune was an OP tier ADC closing out the end of season 15, we still think that she should be in the upper percentile despite these nerfs. So, we'll be placing her in the S tier. An ADC like Nila has the potential to absolutely run away with games in season 16. So, based on the testing we did on PvE, it actually looks like Nila's Q damage on two items is getting stronger. Riot's making a ton of tweaks to Nila's Q with base damage going up, the ratio going up early but down later, while armor pen and crit damage are being lowered. There is a base stat nerf as well with Nila's attack speed growth dropping from 2.25 to 2%. So, a really snowbally ADC like Nila should enjoy the direction season 16 is headed with the ability to acquire more gold throughout the game. Nila has been a top tier ADC for solo Q for a very long time. It's just that nobody really plays her, so she's going to land in the S tier for 26.1. Samira is going to receive a few very similar changes that Nila got to her Q. However, the base damage is going down while the crit damage is going up. AD ratio is being changed so that it's higher early but nerfed later on. On two items, we can see that due to these changes, Samira Q is going to be dealing less damage with a crit in 26.1. And then R base damage will be increased. However, the AD ratio per shot is dropping from 45 to 30%. So, it's looking like that as a result of those R adjustments, the damage will be down on your two item spike. So, with Samira getting weaker due to these nerfs, we don't see her being quite as good as many other picks. So, she's going to be placed in the A tier. Civer is going to be hit with a nerf to her Q damage as the AD ratio is dropping from 85 to 70% while the crit ratio on Q is down from zero scaling to 50% to zero scaling to 40%. So, just a flatout nerf to Civer. And with a lot of other ADCs looking to rise in strength for 26.1, we don't think she'll end up in the S tier unless one of the new items turn out to be really strong for her. Fiend Hunterbolt is a new item that gives you a big [music] boost in DPS whenever you pop your R. So, there is a chance that Civer could like it as a core pickup. It's impossible to say though until we get to see her on live servers. So, we'll be placing Civer in the ADC A tier. Smolder is going to be an ADC to keep an eye on in 26.1 because the changes to Essence Reaver are going to add a bunch of damage to Smolder's Q. Q damage is going to be nerfed a bit with the crit ratios going down. However, we can see that in the comparison clips because you're getting the sheen proc when using Smolder's Q, the damage from Q is actually much higher in 26.1. The only worry we have with Smolder is that his early laning isn't the best. So, if up against a very aggro bot lane duo, he could end up falling behind the curve. The enemy may complete their quest much earlier, and you'll just get snowballed on before you can scale. The ER changes just look so massive for Smolder, though, so we're going to toss up as to where his power level is going to be. A tier is where Smolder will be placed for now, but we wouldn't be surprised at all if he's S tier worthy. If Essence Reaver pulls through for him, with there now being turret plates on inner towers and inhibitor towers, a really strong tower pushing ADC like Tristana could see a lot of value. It looks like Riot's thinking the same way because they've gone ahead and pretty heavily nerfed Tristana's E damage. Base damage is up. However, the bonus AD ratio is down from 140 to 80% at max rank, while crit chance ratio is reduced, too. We can see that on two items, and getting a fully channeled E off while critting once, the damage from E is down from,5 to 1,089. Now, of course, we have to consider that Tristana's normal crits from her autos will be dealing more damage this season due to crit damage being increased, so that will help to outweigh this E nerf. If anything, the extended DPS strength of Trist gets better for season 16, but her assassination power may be a bit weaker because of the E nerf. There's also the Stormrazer edition that could have an influence on Tristana's power level as it should rival Yuna as a good rush option. So, even with this nerf to E, we don't see Tristana being a terrible pick by any means. And there's even a good chance she becomes better with all the indirect changes that will influence her. So, we're going to have Tris up in the S tier. Twitch is one of the ADCs we're most excited about for season 16 because he has the potential to be insanely good with the new item Fiend Hunter Bolts. Riot probably thinks this will be the case as well because they are nerfing Twitch's bonus attack speed from Q by 5% at all ranks. They're also nerfing his attack speed growth going from 3.38 to 3% and AD growth is dropping from 3.1 to 3. So, nothing over the top with those nerfs by any means. And let's talk a little bit about Fiend Hunter Twitch. So, Fiend Hunter Bolt is a new zeal item that will likely be a good second purchase in place of hurricane as it's going to provide you with attack speed, crit, and movement speed along with 30 ability haste for your R cool down and a passive that provides you with three powerful autos after you activate your R. So, these three autos will have 50% bonus attack speed and bonus damage. So, the assassination potential from stealth that Twitch will have on this item completion will be nuts. We honestly think that hurricane may get replaced or delayed until much later on in the game because a yunal and defiend hunter core seems like it will provide Twitch with an insanely powerful two item spike. Now, the only issue we have with Twitch is similar to what we mentioned when talking about Smolder in that his laning phase isn't the greatest. So, is that going to be a big detriment when completing your quest as early as possible is pretty important. Like Smolder, it's all going to come down to how much power the item changes will bring to Twitch. Because if Fiend Hunter lands in an OP spot, then it won't matter at all if Twitch has a slightly weaker laning phase. We're pretty high on Twitch because of this new item. So despite the concern about his weaker laning strength, we're going to place him up in the S tier. So Zia players have a lot to consider for season 16 because she liked the old essence reaver but probably doesn't like the new one as much. First looking at the nerf Riot will be providing her is a nerf to her E damage as the base drops early but is buffed later. The AD ratio is down and the crit chance ratio is down too. So based on the comparison clips, this does look to be a net nerf to Zia's E damage. Nothing really stands out for us that leads us to believe Zia will be a top tier ADC to start the season. She may benefit from Stormraer coming back into the game, but it's likely that a Yal Rush now becomes more popular due to the essence Reaper changes. We just feel like the strong early game picks like Draven, Ash, and Kate are going to outclass, and Zia just doesn't pose as much early game laning threat as they do. So, for Zia's tier list placement, she's going to be in the B tier, lined up as an average ADC pickup. Interestingly enough, Riot has decided to hit Yinaro with two nerfs to start the season, even though she has been a weaker ADC for solo Q as of late. Q bonus attack speed is going down by 5% at all ranks, while empowered W damage is being reduced with the base damage and ratio going down. So, there's a chance Yara ends up really good with the new Fiend Hunter bolt item, and these nerfs are in anticipation of that. The item provides you with a big boost in strength whenever you pop your R. And Yinara is an ADC who when she pops R wants to be going allin and therefore the value from Fiend Hunter should be pretty good. So like a bunch of other ADCs, Yinara's power level is pretty hard to accurately get a read on going into the season because a lot of it will come down to how good these new items land. So for now, we aren't going to move Yara anywhere on the tier list as she will remain down in C like how she ended last season. And then for the final ADC getting adjusted in 26.1, we have Zary who's getting a couple of nerfs. W AD ratio is going down from 130 to 120%. E base damage is being lowered, the bonus AD ratio is going down, but the crit chance ratio is being increased, and then R base damage is dropping by 50 at all ranks. So, much like Yara, Zary has a similar play pattern where she wants to pop her R and then look to aggressively all-in her opponent. Because of this, there's a lot of potential for Zary to like the new Fiend Hunter Bolts item. And as a result, where she lands power-wise to start the new season is likely correlated to how good Fiend Hunter Bolts actually is. So, as a result, we're going to keep Zaryi rated lower down the tier list for now and move her up if need be during the mid- patch tier list. So, we've already covered a vast majority of the ADCs and have given our thoughts on their strength heading into the season. But for those who we haven't had a chance to discuss yet, let's dive in. So, on hit ADCs didn't end up getting any direct changes going to season 16. And therefore, we don't think their power level will change that much relative to where they were in 25.24. Ezreal is going to be one to watch for 26.1 because the big question revolves around whether or not the Essence Reaver changes make the item a stronger pickup than Trinity Force. If this is the case, then we'll have to move Ezreal up the tier list for mid patch. But as of right now, we're going to keep him in B because if Essence Reaver doesn't land in a better spot than Trinity, then Ezreal is just going to be in the same spot he was towards the end of last season. The general theory that we have been working with for the ADC meta is that the early game ADCs should see a boost in strength with the new roll quests. When you complete your quest, you gain 300 gold and then bonus gold whenever you kill minions. So, this just means that if you can find a few kills in lane and get ahead of the opposing ADC, the gap in power between the two of you will be even more massive for season 16. In order to complete your roll quest, you will need to do stuff like kill minions, collect tower plates, get champion takedowns, and kill towers. So, if you're on an ADC who lacks a strong early game and is just sitting under tower all game, then it's going to take you a lot longer to complete your quest. Killing minions is going to provide the least amount of progress towards your quest, while taking down turret plates and killing turrets provides the most amount of progress. And therefore, playing someone like Ash or Kate, who can more consistently apply pressure in lane, are who we think should come out on top to start season 16. A non-traditional bot lane carry who should be loving the additional tower plates is Ziggs. Ziggs with his pushing power is a champ we expect to gain a bunch of relative power for season 16. So, we've got him up in the OP tier. And then of course when you complete your quest, you will gain access to an additional item slot. But we really don't think this quest reward will end up being all that impactful. You don't even end up hitting max build in the majority of your games anyways. So unless games are extended on past 35 minutes, you won't even be able to take advantage of this quest reward. Immediate access to 300 gold and then more gold when you kill minions just feels like it will be the much more impactful part of the ADC quest. So the only support champion who's being directly changed heading into the new season is Senna. With crit damage going up for this season, Riot has decided to change how Senna's basic attacks scale off of crit. So, as we can see in the comparison clips, Senna's auto damage on crit is going to be up a very slight amount for 26.1. So, as a result, Senna should remain around the same power level that she was to close out last season. So, she'll be placed in the support A tier. So, there's a bunch of stuff to consider when analyzing the support meta as we head into 26.1. The support role quest itself shouldn't really influence any class of supports in specific as you just get reduced cost on control wards, a bonus item slot for control wards, and your support item upgrade. Choosing a support who can accelerate their ADC into their roll quest faster may actually be what defines the meta. If we're going to be seeing a bunch of Ash and Caitlyn, then a support like Karma or Velcos or Zerith who can poke a bunch, shove waves faster, and threaten enemies under tower will be really good. Remember, for ADCs to complete their roll quest, taking turret plates and taking down turrets gives you the most amount of progress. So, if you play a duo who can get the push in lane and collect a bunch of early turret plates, then your ADC is going to have their quest completed much earlier than the opposing ADC. There are also a few new items being introduced that will influence a select few supports more than others. Whispering Cirlet is the new tier support item, and we think Sona and Saraphene should both be loving this addition. They liked going for Archangels because of all the mana it provided, but hated the high cost at 2,900 gold. So, the fact Whispering Cirlet is just 2,250 gold, that's going to be so much better for them. We've also got bandal pipes as the new melee support item as it gives you the same basic stats like health, armor, magic resist, and ability haste. However, its passive provides your ally with bonus attack speed when you slow or immobilize a target. Braum is one support in specific we think should be great with this item because more attack speed means faster passive procs and a better skirmish. Zeke's convergence is just flatout buff for this season, providing you with 15 ability haste for your R cooldown. So, re and recon in specific will see a nice indirect [music] boost in power. more passive supports that sit back and don't really offer a whole lot of presence in lane are the ones we think you'll have a harder time succeeding on due to there being many new snowball mechanics. So, Yumi in specific is one that we're going to have placed down in the C tier. Of course, there's so much more that we'll have to discover as the patch rolls out. But those are a few of our initial thoughts on who should be good to start 26.1. All right, guys. One last thing. Our rankup guarantee is insane. It's like signing up for the gym and getting a refund if you don't get ripped. That's how confident we are in SkillCap. We obsess over making the best guides with top players, rigorous testing, and top tier video editing to make your climb easy. If you're ready to level up, visit skillcap.com and see the difference. So, there you have it, everyone. That's a complete look at how we think the meta will be aligned for every single role as we head into 26.1. Thank you all so much for watching. We'll see you in the next one.
