Title: 3 Minute Mordekaiser Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yloV7cPpxCQ

Content:
Why play Mordekaiser's a top? Well, his ultimate basically guarantees kills. He shreds through both tanks and squishies. He's one of the best one v two champions in the game and is also a manaless champion. However, he does lack any mobility at all and he is very skill shot reliant on his combo. Mord's first passive are his basic attacks empowered to deal bonus damage on hit. His second passive is every time he damages an enemy champion or large monster with an attack or ability, he gains a stack. At three stacks, he gains a small amount of bonus movement speed and creates a circle around him which constantly deals damage to enemies within. Mordekaiser's Q is a cone skill shot where after a short delay, he slams his mace on the ground dealing damage to enemies within. And if it hits only one enemy, the damage is massively increased. Mordekaiser's W has a passive where he stores a large amount of the damage he deals and a small amount of the damage he takes as a white bar underneath his health. The active converts the white bar into a shield for himself scaling with how large the white bar was. This ability can also be recast to convert a portion of the remaining shield into healing. Mordekaiser's E has a passive where he just passively gains magic pen. The active is a large rectangular skill shot which then after a short delay summons a claw within it to pull enemies in that direction dealing damage to them. Mordekaiser's ultimate is a point and click ability which briefly slows the enemy before banishing them and him to the death realm for seven seconds. While in the death realm, Mordekaiser heals himself for 10% of the max health and reduces their ability power, attack speed, health, armor, magic resist, and size and attack damage. All of these are reduced by 10% and Mordekaiser instead gains all these stats. Then if he kills them while in the death realm, he keeps these stats until they respawn. For combos, your go to is to attack into Q before attacking into E and attacking away. When engaging, simply land E into your Q and attack away. And your all in is to E into your ultimate and a Q before attacking away. And in all these combos, use your W and fully stacked for the massive shield. For match ups, Mord's great into less mobile tanky top laners easily landing his abilities. And he can struggle against high mobile champions who dodge them. For runes, take this. Conqueror gives him everything he wants. For build order, start with ring and pots into crystal scepter and tier two boots. After this, I riftmaker and liandry's and grievous pickups before finishing a build with any of these. For skill order, start Q then E then W before maxing Q then E then W taking ult whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and ignite. Starting the game as the top laner, your main focus is going to be on farming hard, completing your quest as soon as possible, and taking good trades. At levels one and two, you're incredibly strong as your passive is very strong if you can just hit them three times. Otherwise, you're very happy to poke with Q where available or just sit back and farm. When you hit level six and have access to your ultimate, now's when you want to fight. Then if there's ever a window for a good fight, you can just force your opponent into it. Entering the mid game, you're very strong when you've got your first couple of items. Take your tower as soon as possible. Then you can either split push as you are a very strong duelist. And if they send multiple people to stop you, you force them into one v ones with your ult. Or you can simply push out and group back with your team. Entering late game team fights, play the front to back play style. This is essentially where you attack the enemy front line until they're gone, then you can go for the back line. However, Mord's main skill expression is in his ultimate. If they've got a fed hyper carry or assassin, take them out the fight. Or if they've got a big engage champion going in, just simply ult them.
