Title: $30K Riftbound National Open – Top 64 | Teemo vs Master Yi | Runes & Rift
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOOLr-FWWTo

Content:
I'm still thinking if Teimos got like rebukes and 
so on. Yeah, that'll be so cool to see. You know,   rebukes and fading memories. Uh maybe he can 
deal with the this aura in some ways. Oh no.   Come on. Not so it doesn't. Oh, Master Yi on last 
stand. That is really nice tech option. I haven't   seen a Master Yi make full use of a last stand. 
you already have some massive might units. So I   feel like last stand isn't absolutely absolutely 
necessary. But to make matters worse, it is a   action. So just when you think you have enough 
to get over their eight might 10 might units,   you throw out the last stand and you have to get 
double the trouble. So I could see it working in   in in certain positions. And man, why didn't they 
show Teemo's cards? I wanted to see this hand.   Yeah. Oh, but this is it. Top 32 or apologies. 
Top 64 is underway. We do get a good match up   being Teemo versus Master Yi. And Teemo on the 
play the way he likes it, but of course being   on the draw is never bad if he has something like 
a find your center. Could get that dazzling orb,   but goes with a simple champion Teemo on turn 
one just to get something onto the battlefield   onto the board. And does Okay, so no accelerate. 
So, that's good cuz uh No, that's not good cuz   he's still going to be able to play Aura by turn 
three. No, forget what I said. It's terrible. So,   keeps it pretty straightforward. Sends it into 
the Zon Warren. Going to be discarding the   singularity. That is interesting. We don't get 
to see toh see that too often, but of course,   one of the better removal options for mine and 
plays the Ember Monk. Usually you want to wait   till there's some hidden cards for Ember Monk, 
but I think just trying to prioritize using all   his runes when he can. So just developing that for 
the moment, just trying to conquer Battlefields   just in case the dazzing Aurora comes out a little 
sooner than later. And with the catalyst of Aons,   it will be coming out sooner than later. Is 
poised to come out, I believe, the very next turn,   right? Yep. Exactly. The the turn for the 
classical one. Uh, so if you guys didn't know,   you can have potentially a turn two Aurora, but 
uh, yeah, you might have to go into that a little   bit. How are you getting a turn two Aurora? Uh, if 
both people are playing oblisk of power. Okay. Uh,   and you play second, you start basically at five 
runes. So if you accelerate with catalyst ions,   you go to uh, seven and then nine rune turn the 
next turn. And I like this play. Activating Teemo   ability, getting the champion back. Now the 
Ember Monk, it triggers for any hidden card   played. So that's going to be activating Ember 
Monk's ability on both sides. So let me pull   it up. I forgot I had the ability to pull out 
these cards. So Ember Monk when it's played   uh when when a card is played from hidden, you 
give me plus two turn. A dead bloom is not enough. Okay, let's see. He did get the dazzling. Are 
you saying a dead bloom's not enough for Oh,   he has two hidden cards. You're so 
right. So, he goes up to eight. So,   they would evenly trade. Yeah. And now it's like, 
where is the Temo? And now you're you're you're   gambling basically. And Leroy, you manifested 
it. He did indeed hit the dead bloom as they   seem to hit every single time. Timmo just 
die. die. Let's see where he chose. It was   a 50/50 whether you go on the right or the left 
battlefield. Chose the aspirin climb. Oh, you No,   he won the 50/50. But you could reveal. No, but 
you can Oh, yeah. You can reveal Timo and still   kill it. Yeah, you reveal both. Bringing up the 
ember monks on both battlefields up to eight. So,   it's going to be an even trade since Dowsing 
Aurora is completely tapped out. And let's go.   That's one only two dead bloom left. Yeah, that 
indeed. One in the deck. And more importantly,   you keep one battlefield going up to four or 
I believe three. Did he pass already? No. No.   No. Cuz he did one, two. Now, show me the deck 
hand. Show me the deck hand. That would be nice.   Oh, it seems to be quite uh control HTMO cuz it 
has draws. It has uh the Yod apparently. Okay. And   I like that the tide turner swapping places with 
the ember monk just so you're able to protect it   going forward. So tie turner reads when you play 
me swap places with a friendly unit. And now you   get the Teemo from the T-Mobile back into hand, 
able to hide it for just a simple energy. So   expends that energy, hides it over in the ember 
monk's location. The problem is that it did not   it did not shuffle his deck. So the guy knows 
that the Teimmo is on the right. If he was paying   attention as closely as you were, Teemo is putting 
in work indeed. Hides two cards against. So,   if it's another dead bloom, of course, you could 
go into tide turner. That's most likely going to   get the job done. But if you're the team of 
player, I'm going to be putting the consult   the pass on the tide turner, protecting it, uh, 
or not protecting it rather, just getting the   value there and then keeping the team where you 
could actually protect the battlefield. Exactly. Oh, there we go. and accelerated. Tasty faithful 
going for the tide turner. And let's reveal it. It   is indeed the consult the pass. So going to get 
two draws for the troubles. And it does go plus   one, but it doesn't look like it's going to come 
into play just yet. Of course, if this guy hits   another dead bloom, it's actually going to be able 
to hold cuz that's definitely the Teemo on the   aspirin climb. So there is a stack deck. Do you 
think this Teemo's running things like Noturn or   not? Really? No, I don't think so. cuz Nocturn you 
would run you would run blue teimo and it seems   to be controlish. So I'm really not thinking about 
Nocturn right now. Um maybe but I'm going to place   my bet on No. Yeah, I'm right there with you. I 
don't think it is as well. White Flame in hand. uh   which is basically the best card among the cards 
that you can have in hand and that you don't want   to be in your deck. White Flame is probably the 
the one that you want because you need to activate   the effect. Mhm. Before the end of the turn. And 
man, did you see this guy had two last stands in   hand, so I thought it was just a tech option 
for him, but he looks like he might be running   at least I mean for sure running the two that we 
saw, but he might be running all three. So highly   valuing that card. Looks like he passes. So let's 
see what he's going to be hitting for the dowsing   roar. It is going to be the mountain drake. Can't 
play it directly onto the battlefield. So going   to be having to play it onto the base. Still the 
followup turn 10 might unit is massive. Ember Monk   would have to take three hidden cards without 
a Bandal tree. Emberm has no way of getting up   to 10. So that mountain drake if he's faced off 
against the Ember Monk alone. Of course, we know   that Teemo's lurking in the in the hidden zone. 
So, we'll see. I think Teemo's doing good. Look at   this. Already up to six points or he passes. Did 
he get the point for holding already? I think he   did. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, and he's definitely playing 
Mundo. We didn't see it, but looking at this deck,   there's no way that he's not playing Mundo. Oh, 
and the mutation. I believe you replicate uh you   you add the might of a friendly unit onto your 
unit with that card. So super cool to see. Maybe   he has He's like I'm already at six point. Good 
luck trying to remove my units if I stack like   that. You don't know what I get in. You have to 
play around fight and flight around tons of cards. Yeah, it the mutation the convergent mutation is 
also a reaction. So can react to it. Not going   to make too much of an impact, but still choose 
a friendly unit. And my might become is becomes   it. So what how could he use that here? 
Oh no, no, you increase it might. So yeah,   it's just basically more might to to 
defend that battlefield. So I like this.   He's holding back some runes potentially 
going to be deploying that convergent. Yeah. Oh, no, no, no. I'm misreading it. It's 
until it equals. So it's virtually matching   the might. That makes sense. You put your your 
from two to six. Uh that's an example. Yeah,   exactly. So you flip the Teemo, Ember Monk goes to 
six, and then you convert mutation to match the Yo   up to six. So you're defending with 12 with just 
those two units. And then making things worse,   the Teemo and Raven Bloom are still 
on that battlefield. So, I think this   mountain drake most likely, but the white flame 
protector going to be going up eight might. So,   18 might. I think he might be able to conquer 
after that white flame. Wait, cuz that's eight,   14, 15. Uh, I don't know. Depends. This 
being said, he's playing all in on that. But   if the oppo if his opponent got got has fight or 
flight, I don't know if he has a defy, but yeah,   flight or flight will get the job done. Let's see. 
So, he's going in with a total of 18 might. So,   Stupify lowering that up to 17 or down to 17. 
Raven Bloom does get a trigger for that. I hope   he realizes it because Raven Bloom triggers are 
skippable apparently. Raven Blue should be two   triggers in cuz that's too stupify. So, Raven Blue 
should be at four. Keep that in mind. Yeah, and a   convergent mutation bringing that Raven Bloom up 
to effectively five. I hope he's realizing that   cuz that math is going to matter tremendously. 
So, Teemo flips, it gives plus two to Ember Monk.   Convergent mutation matching it like you said. So, 
12 total might from the Yortle and the Ember Monk.   And keep in mind, the Raven Boon has plus three. 
There we go. Well done. So, 12 + 5, that's going   to be up going up to 17. And the TO's at four. So, 
a total of 21 might is defending the battlefield   right now. That's going to be more than the 16 
total might coming in from the mountain drake. Yeah. Now, the only problem is how is he getting 
the last point? I think that is that's a whole   lot easier said than done for sure. But I 
think at this point he's just finding out   what he wants to trade with. He has se 16 might 
as we said. So he could take down both the six   uh he could take down the Raven Bloom. Take 
down the Ember Monk. Those are the units I'm   prioritizing for the trade. What? Okay. He does 
three. He get he valuing the three. So leaving   the Raven Bloom. Not too bad. Not too bad. 
Yeah. I mean maybe on Teimmo. Yes. But yeah,   I'm still thinking in AR player where 
if someone leaves my Raven Bloom alone,   I'm like, you go, you you will have to deal 
with another 10 mine units really soon. Yeah,   you're not wrong. Raven Bloom is such a valuable 
card. Uh but it looks like he was valuing taking   out more units rather than the the the the good 
units, if you will. Yeah. Imagine he picks Mundo   with the amount of card in the discard. Yeah. 
And you know, convergent mutation with Dr.   Mundo in the deck. I see the strategy there. 
I see some kind of synergy there for sure. By the way, oh, come on. How do you speak it into 
existence every time? I thought the Raven Bloom   was going to hold, but the deadloom coming in just 
like it does every single time. Taking it down.   Oh, that's tough. Teemo needed that hold, didn't 
he? because that would be up to seven and he just   has to try to hold one more timer perhaps if there 
was some kind of no there's no sprite mother he   still would have had a a tough time getting rid 
of the tasty faith folk nonetheless okay that's   not bad it's setting up is like I like these cards 
from Teemo he has mega mech here it's just a solid   vanilla card just a strong eight might unit 
it's tough I mean at the very least it matches   is you would think it matches toe-to-toe with 
Delin, but Master Yi adding the passive plus   two might makes it so much harder to take down 
with a single unit. Now, do you run some check   power in when in side deck when you play Teemo? 
I would imagine so. I feel like any mine deck   has to be considerate of unchecked power, 
especially when you know Aurora is a thing.   or decks, they start building that wall as 
early as that turn three as we saw here. So,   Uncheck Power could do wonders. I'm thinking if 
there is at least one in the sideboard, I think   that's a perfect opportunity to bring it in. But 
you have to see it. It is very late game card. And is that a hidden card? Uh Leroy, I 
was looking away. He hit something on the   should be a Za. Yeah, I'm thinking so too. 
Hourglass. So even if the dead bloom falls,   it's just going to be going back to base. 
I think Master Ye turning the corner just   like they do. They start slow, but little by 
little, Dazzling Aurora just gets a tremendous   amount of value as the game progresses. 
And look at the amount of cards. Come on,   guys. There has to be a limit. There has to be a 
limit. That was one, two. Oh, they looked away.   But that was a total of most likely 10 plus cards 
from the top of the deck just to see the tasty   faithful. There has to be a limit to look at the 
amount of cards to look at the top of the deck.   Yeah. Ara is just too strong. Should be like I 
don't know one or two mana more on lead two or   four. There are so many things that you could 
do to Oh, and the Mundo comes one run too late.   Yeah, that would have been nice to deploy earlier 
on. That way, you're able to push it forward,   but he's at six, but like we said before, versus 
an Aurora deck, those two final points is massive.   It's so so tough to take down. So, let's see. 8 
9 10 11 13 Mundu would be at 21 uh 18 next turn. Yeah. And let's see how much total might is on 
the zone warrants right now. So Tasty has the   six plus the white flame protector. I think white 
flame is eight. I know I just had it on. Yeah,   is eight. Is eight. We can see actually it makes 
it nice and easy for us on the UI. If you look   down in the middle, it shows you the might. So 
total 14 might defending zone warren. That's   still way too much for Teemo. Okay, he has eight 
from the Mega Mag, two from the Yordal. H what   cards does he have to increase might? We saw 
the convergent mutation. So the Yordo could   match the eight from the Mega Mech. That will 
be a 16 total push. That's a way master's you   play Mundo right now. You don't move anything and 
you pray for the conversion mutation next round.   Okay, I can see that playing towards your out. 
Oh, I completely forgot just because I'm not used   to seeing Teemo so often. There is a Watcher in 
hand, of course. Thousand tail watcher. Develop   your board this turn and then just send it. You 
have to do what you have to do. Watch her on that   turn and then try to conquer both battlefields 
in that very turn. I He's going for it now.   Oh, he's fighting the the Riven Loom. Yeah, 
this guy is forgetting to use Za first. Okay, so he's just going to send the Yodo, I 
think. So, yeah. Oh, and with all those dice,   I completely forgot that was a Wait, wait, 
that is that a No, no, that's Dr. Moon,   though. What am I talking about? So, Yodo does 
go into the aspirin climb. Goes up to seven. So,   he just had Whoa, the guorilla warfare. We rarely 
ever get to see it. I honestly have to pull it up   here. Gorilla warfare when uh return up to 
two cards with hidden from your trash. So,   okay. So, nothing too impactful, but at least 
the convergent mutation. Did he What did he get   back from his trash? Uh fight of flattened 
and uh the past. Okay, solid card draw. Uh,   I was thinking for the Dr. Mundo push if 
you get something like convergent mutation,   but okay. Getting the draw. Is convergent 
mutation a secret. A hidden. Yeah,   I don't think so. I'll double check though. 
Cuz you can't you can't get it back then. Oh,   right. Cuz it reads hidden. Of course. It's just 
a reaction. So, yeah, it had to be hidden. Of   course. But see, he brought back that so that 
he could draw into the conversion mutation. Yeah, playing towards is out. Did he get it? He   had another consult the pass. So 
if you want to pay four for it masteration would be better than a watcher. 
But yeah, you have to do the math. But keep   in mind Watcher at least has accelerate. But 
I think I think you're right though cuz Dr.   Mundo has way too much might. But this 
guy still has the last 10, right? Yeah,   I think he has more than one, too. Unless 
he discarded from the zone warrants, but he's got the fight of flight. Oh, nice to know 
there is a wind wall in Master's deck. But let's   see. There's only one dead bloom left. So, it's 
not going to make a difference here since there's   no battlefields occupied for Teemo. And okay, 
did he run out of units? He's looking through   them. There's a find your center. This is how 
you're able to build his entire deck cuz you're   able to see it. And where are the units? He's 
like, wait a minute. I did the maths. There's   at least one more unit and they're gone. 
Every single unit for Master Yedex. So,   dazzling Aurora no more going to be occurring 
value for his player. That's good news. But the   bad news is there's not many turns left. You're 
either going to win on this next turn for Teemo   or Master Yi is going to win on his next turn. 
Nope. Not obviously cuz uh if he's plays last 10,   there's a world where everything is removed from 
B one battlefield. Okay. So, he's doing the Dr.   Mundo ability. At the start of your turn, 
recycle back three cards from your trash.   Goes with the channel, of course. Now, 
Dr. Mundo, he has base. That's so big. Oh,   he has the fight or flight, right? Is 
that what you're talking about? Yeah. He goes for it first, sending 
back the white flame. So,   minus eight total might from the zon mega 
me. Ooh, wait a second. Wait, wait. Hey,   don't you want to split it? Oh, no. No. Mastery 
has so many spells. There's so many potential   spells with all those runes available to him. 
Yeah, but apparently he does not have defy. So, goes up with mega me. Won't be 
conquering that eighth point. Oh,   it's Aspirin Klein. It is going to 
be the eighth point. For some reason,   that world's bundle aspirin climb 
always confuses me. So, you have to get discards. Dr. Mundo adds plus one on the 
on the on the base. Dr. Mundo has a deck   deck. This is good. Gets another plus one. 
Oh, and there's a fight of light again that   will counter the last stand. Can he do it? 
It would depend. If there's no defying hand,   Dr. Mundo's big enough. You send Flight or 
Flight back. You send the Death Bloom back,   right? There's a rider win that's been picked up. 
Oh, I think Teemo did it, guys. If if if we're if   the line if he sees the line, I think you send Dev 
Bloon back. I mean, of course, keep in mind, guys,   M. You just send Mundo. Uh, right now he's bigger 
than the two units and then you wait for the last   10 and for all the spells and then you send the 
units that's been buffed back to base with the   fight of light. I think Do you think that's Yeah, 
I think you wait for the last Stan. I I like this   push. You you you pass over the focus. So you send 
in your Dr. Mundo. You say no no no spells. You   wait for him cuz right now is he winning? Cuz he's 
at 6 12 18 23 total might for Dr. Mundo. And then   on the battlefield it's just um a simple 14. Yeah. 
Uh 14 14. Yeah. So yeah, 23 definitely sufficient   enough to get over it. The question is where is he 
going to last stand? And when he plays last stand,   that's when you flight or flight. I'm liking these 
plays so far coming from our team player. Yeah. And look at the notes that it's a lot 
of notes taking. He's saying, "Okay,   my opponent played Mega Mech. He played 
Dr. Mundo." But apparently you can't save   your notes for the next game. Did you know 
that? You could write notes, but you have to   erase or delete your notes for the next one. 
What? Yeah, that's important then. I I think   he's just writing it perhaps some kind of 
intel right here. But maybe it helps him   remember. When you write things down, 
you tend to remember it a bit better. Oh, I I look through the hand. There's 
a charm that you can't play. It's not an   action or a reaction. He's writing a lot 
of notes for the endgame. Like I said,   you can't carry over notes from game one to game 
two, but perhaps just gathering his thoughts,   taking a moment to Oh, no, no, no. He's doing 
the math. He's doing the math. Exactly. So,   sometimes it's easier to do math on paper. I'm always a fingers guy. I'm always 
counting counting the math with my fingers.   Uh, I tend to do that because you 
normally I you can't write the   notes on paper. So maybe in rip found 
I'll start using uh pen and paper. And look at that. Leroy, you said it. 
He has the last stand. I'll go ahead   and pull it up. Who is the last 
stand's target is the question. And it does not matter cuz it 
will be fight of flight anyway. Oh, it goes for the base. Uh, Tasty Fay Folk. Oh, 
he I was about to say he he clicked he targeted   the wrong one by accident. So, effectively 
two might difference cuz you minus one and you   gained one from Dr. Mundo from the discard pile. 
Three. Wait, three depends on who did he use? No,   he used it on last 10. So three different cuz 
that you get you don't take it only minus one   you get minus two and now it's going up to 20. 
That's right cuz it was at five and then 10 from   the first last stand and now 20 from the second 
last stand. But we know what's in hand. Leroy,   there's a fight or flight. He committed all 
his resources onto the tasty faithfol. I   think this might be a GG. Unless we're missing 
something. There's no green runes. There's no   defies available. A flight or flight onto the 
tasty faithful sends it back onto the base and   Dr. Mundo with 23 [ __ ] and might is going to 
be way more than enough for the lonely eight   might remaining. Ride the win. Wait, is he 
wait what happened to the flight or flight? I   don't know. I don't know. Maybe he was afraid 
of something. Wait, no. It's in the Discord chat. We might have to look back. There was a 
potential win there. He had a flight or flight   in hand. You had enough runes available. What are 
we missing? Let's think about that. Maybe didn't   see it. Maybe like completely fumble that anymore. 
You know, sometimes you have a game plan in hand,   uh, a game plan in hand. And especially 
you see right the win and you you're like,   I finish with right the win. Write the win is my 
finisher and so on. So you go like that. And yeah,   I don't know. That is interesting. He had two 
runes. He had purple runes to recycle. So Oh man,   you send the tasty back. Oh, okay. We're seeing 
he didn't have it in hand, but I thought he did.   I thought I swear he grabbed it. We'll look back. 
We'll look back back in the V, but the only clear   answer is that he just didn't have it. He's 
going to go for the defend the the Zong Warren   game plan. The the charm going to be sending Dr. 
Moon though back. So that's actually going to be a   bit unfortunate for Teemo because if the mega mech 
gets So I don't get it. I'm pretty sure he had it   with the fight of flight. That's what I I I mean 
the only reasonable explanation is that he just   didn't have it and he realizes he sees the writing 
on the walls. It is going to be over in his hand.   So it literally pulled it back from the trash. Oh 
no, that was no another one with So it didn't pick   it up when he stack deck. All right, so obviously 
of power and start to pick. Okay, so the antior   uh the entire um line against uh of course. Yeah, 
and Teemo did have some units to get onto that   star tip peak rather early. So, we'll see how many 
runes he's able to channel from the star tip. Of   course, Obless going to make that dazzing Aurora 
come out just that much faster, but also you get   Teemo plus one energy as well. So, let's see if 
both of these guys are able to take advantage of   at least that battlefield. Of course, towards the 
end, Master is going to value that whole lot more   than Teemo, but he had it. Teemo looked like he 
was so so close to closing out game one, but let's   see how this game two goes because he knows what 
to expect. He knows last year. He has Euro. Yes,   he does. Oh, I saw it. He did indeed draw it. But 
right now, he does not have any uh accelerate. Oh, you're right. I know he has. He has he has I 
didn't see. So, five uh seven and that's another   ton fur. Congratulations. Congratulations. Going 
to get it off as early as you can. He even had   the catalyst if he wanted a channel two, but 
prioritizing drawing one instead just because   it wouldn't change the map on when you can 
play the dazzling sends the yortal and develop   the monk. I was just about to say Leroy, are we 
about to see the dead bloom for the third time?   Let's see. Actually, no, not yet. Not yet. He one 
more turn. One more turn. It will it will happen.   Yeah, but it will be already at three. We'll 
have channel one rune. There will be something   going for him. And so he managed to accelerate 
from one, but it's not that bad. And so it's not   like he will be constantly at like 20 10 12 
runes immediately. Um it could be worse for   uh our boy Teimmo even if it's another turn three. 
Yeah, at the very least he did get the value from   start to peak. So does get the channel rune for 
the hold. So gets a point, gets a channel rune. Uh   so kind of playing the master game plan in terms 
of rune economy. Goes for the Raven Bloom to back   up the Ember Monk. There is one hidden card on the 
on the on the start tip peak. So, at least that   Ember Monk is going to be holding it down with a 
minimum of six might. Raven Bloom, you never know   how much might she's going to be able to get up to 
with things like Fight or Flight reveals the Teemo   already because you're able to pick it up. You 
love the Teemo whipped uh runarounds, if you will.   So, goes and just plays it back. Yeah. And now, 
and now it's like Yeah. Yeah. He did shuffle while   there was the animation. We could see him starting 
to shuffle. And that's why he put back the Teimmo.   I was like, "Hey, now you got a uh a choice to 
make. Where is the Teemo?" Yeah, pick your poison.   Who are you going against? But most likely one of 
those hidden cards being the Consult the Past that   we've seen. Surprise. It was two Teimos. Yeah, the 
the tricks on you. Two Teeos. Uh so let's see. If   it is the Dead Bloom, most likely the likely 
target will be the Yordal on the Star Tip. So   we'll see. He can't play anything else. So going 
to be passing his turn triggering Dazzling. Oh,   off the top is the first one. You rarely see it. 
Tasty faithful. And not bad. Teemo is looking   pretty good. Three to four to five for these 
holds. Gets another channel rune for starts at   peak. That's a lot of runes to work with. Able 
to work with his late game so much earlier.   Gets the channel. So these guys are playing well. 
They're not missing any triggers on their cards. Okay, so we got the watcher. That would 
be really useful. Is that a rebuke? I   think that's a rebuke. Uh oh. Isn't that a 
Noctturn? Also, I saw a guerilla warfare,   a Dr. Mundo, the Watcher, and then there's 
a couple cards I believe perhaps. Oh,   I think it's a it's a ride the wind at 
the very back. Okay, there. So, no rebuke. Um, it's just cycling. Okay. 
Uh, fight of flight is good.   Okay, so he will develop the watcher, which you 
don't like to do. But if you have no other play,   why not? Although, since you have absolutely no 
card in trash, I wouldn't mind playing the Mundo   right now and just giving it stuff to it later on. 
You're just afraid of being charmed, I guess. So,   yeah. Yeah. Let's see. doesn't feel the best 
to go with a watcher this early, but just just   going ahead playing it out. Perhaps he draws into 
something better. He does have the fighter flight   now. If he's able to somehow hold both of these 
battlefields, he's going to be finding himself at   uh going up to seven total points. I think 
the Yortle's not sticking around if I'm being   honest. Let's see how he ends up playing this 
turn though. He has a tasty and if it's a tight   color and the Timoids, it will be impossible for 
Uh E2. Oh, taking the more aggressive line going   after the Opposite power getting in going into 
combat with the ember monk and the rave. That's   that's risky. It is a Teemo on the right side. 
So that's six plus the base two so far. Eight and   then plus the four going up to 12 versus the 
current six that Tasty Fay folk is bringing. So, it will remove both Teimmo and the student, which isn't so bad, I guess. But now he 
knows. Yeah, he's waiting for the card to Oh,   that's a big one. And then he will play the fight 
of flight. He's like, I know that you want more.   I know that you just want to kill two of my cards. 
I wouldn't like like if you're you don't like that   trade but you're like I know you want more so I'm 
going to wait that you go for more and then you   will go retreat and you will just have wasted 
a card. Congratulations. Exactly. The fighter   flight like we thought would be so clutch the fall 
the previous game coming in clutch on this current   game. Uh holding most likely that battlefield cuz 
those buffs those might increases are going to be   staying to for the remaining other turn even 
if dazzing Aurora goes off. Actually that is   an interesting interaction. Dazzling Aurora 
says after the end of turn or at the end   of turn I think that the increases still stay 
actually cuz once it's your turn it cleans up. Um yeah probably. Mhm. He went with ye but like 
he can't it doesn't it does not have enough there.   Why does he keep going into the OB list? Does 
he just want to remove the Teemo? because he   knows he could bring it in and out with the 
Teemo ability. This is interesting decision cuz you're going in there knowingly that you 
can't conquer it. Oh, because of the hourglass   of course. So, basically just trading the ember 
monk virtually for for just the hourglass. So,   there we go. That does make some bit of sense. 
Oh, these guys, this dazzling Aurora player   is hitting the units from the first card in 
hand. So, ouch. I hate this deck. I hate this   deck so much. I think a lot of people in chat 
might agree with you. You thought, we thought,   or I thought rather, Obless of Power was 
not the battlefield of conquer, but man,   making me eat my words, taking out the Ember Monk 
with the accelerated or the readied Master Yi,   and then getting quite fortunate to hit the 
Deblin from the top. It's almost like he   knew. It's almost like he knew it was right 
around on the top of this deck. Uh but hey,   sometimes that is just how it goes in these 
games. This being said, he he has the Mundo   plus right the win. Okay, so he's just going to 
have the Mundo right now. Show him the big guns. Oh, I think it's a tad color and that's why he's 
playing Mundo right now. Oh no. Okay, he's going   directly with Ride the Wind because he knows he 
knows his opponent is tapped out. So gets up to   seven. Yeah, Guerilla Warfare able to bring two 
hidden cards back from the discard. So let's see   what those choices will be. Fighter Fight and the 
champion team on probably your most ideal choices. It's like you're not getting this the next round. 
This one. Yeah, this was looking strong for Teemo.   I think they did not adjust the score, especially 
when we think about the simple fact that you're   getting up to eight. These guys are a little bit 
behind on the points just like I do on our weekly   events, but they should be at seven points. So, 
one more hold. One more hold with the Flighter   Flight in hand. You're holding on the right with 
I believe is that I can't see how many cards are   in his discard. Two, four, five. So, he's holding 
with 11 on the right and then he's holding with   a total of nine on the left. Two hidden cards 
though, keep in mind, one of those being the Teemo   Champion. When you reveal, you get plus three. So, 
bringing up that might up to four potentially. So,   this is tricky. I think Teemo might have 
locked us out. And I said fight or fight,   but Teemo's completely tapped out. I just 
realized. No, but he has hidden one somewhere. Oh,   right. What am I talking about? on the on the 
side of Mundo. On the side of Mundo. Yes. Uh yeah,   you're absolutely right. Now, keep in mind, I 
believe if it plays like the other Kitten cards,   you have to reveal it or you have to use 
it at the battlefield that he goes into,   right? You can't fight or flight uh at the other 
battlefield. There's no way he's removing the   Mundo except if he has a defined hand and he can 
defy the fight of flight. And even so, it doesn't   have enough for both of the battlefields. I think 
it's over. I agree. A little bit too much might.   It could depend if there's another deadlin. But 
the fight orflight protecting the moon though,   sending Tasty back now. Has to do the heavy 
lifting with Master Y. Let's go. There we go.   Conceding it knowing it's all but over. So, Teemo 
will be going up one game, bringing us into that   game three situation for our round of top 64. 
Well done to this Teemo player. Um, so that's   why they already have major tournaments. Um, and 
of course for us it it's just released, but this   weekend was amazing cuz we both had the release 
of the game uh for us and the major tournament   uh in China. I know this is the second round for 
today. Yeah, lucky. This is the round of top 64.   To answer hot boys question real quick, I post 
a tournament of our tournaments on Discord under   top eight list. I'll post them on on these top 
eight lists as well, but mostly I post them on X,   guys. Runes and Rift on X. That's usually where 
I post all the official riftbound ones. We also   post them on our website, but we'll talk about 
that in a little bit, guys. It is the game three   between Master Yi versus Teemo. There's no Aurora. 
Oh, there's no Aurora. Let's shut this down. Let's   get our battle music started cuz these guys one 
more win away from going into that top 32. A top   32. Teemo is very respectable. I know he wants 
to get that done. Oh, and you're right, Leroy.   There is no dazzling Aurora. If you're the Teemo 
fans, you're loving what you're seeing so far. This is not the best field for Teemo. 
Um, Zwaren is cuz Zwen allows you to get   the cars that you want one and also 
make your Mundo way way bigger. Um,   then the second battlefield is uh 
the entire Aurora battlefield. So,   it's the best in this matchup and that leaves 
Bendel tree to be the third best battlefield   in this matchup. Okay. And then how do 
you feel about Sigil of the Storm there? the one that makes you recycling. Uh it's really 
good as um or deck. Uh you know how tap tip pick   allows you to like uh channel runes? Well, it's 
the opposite in that way that your opponent is   just going to conquer it and you will already 
be big and have your set set up when you're   uh conquering this battlefield. or so. 
Uh it's supposed to be like that because   um here if it conquers it, it will just slow 
him down. And if you don't have your aura,   uh this is turning against you. I don't know if 
I'm clear. Basically, I gotcha. So, here we see   a charm putting that ember monk back to the base, 
allowing the readied master to go after the Raven   Bloom. This is a good play. It looks like he had a 
whole lot of runes to work with nice and early. So   going to be sending it into the bano tree. What is 
the revealed card? It's going to be the Teemo. So   still not enough. It looks like an even trade. 
Not too bad. Mastery was hoping he was able to   conquer, but he's going to take the trade for his 
troubles. Not the worst, not the best. Somewhere   about neutral uh is about as what he got about 
as much as he got done there. So not not too bad. and Leo still no dowsing Aurora 
in hand. So team that so far he just has one unit on the base currently. 
So you definitely don't want to go to Sig of   the Storm. So that you have to recycle a rune 
especially before playing anything. And whoa,   he just passes Leroy. Doesn't use any of his 
runes this turn. Yeah. So both player have a   really clunky hand where he can't play anything. 
That is interesting. I've seen clunky hands from   Masi. We haven't seen too many clunky hands 
from Teemo. He's had things like Aurora. Oh,   you're right. Still no Aurora. Decides to play 
out some cards though. Finally getting something   developed after that Master E went down. gets the 
hourglass online, but with no units currently,   especially with no Aurora that Okay, let's 
see the clunky hand that Teemo had. Ooh,   two Dr. Mundos unchecked power and then 
two spells that don't really do too much   without too many units on the board. That's 
what we mean when Leroy says clunky hand.   Yeah, of course. You get rid of the unchecked 
power, but you're like, I'm going to have to deal   with those two Mundo at one point, and I'm not 
going to like that. Yeah. So, does go doesn't have   to worry about the unchecked power. It not really 
was going to make any kind of impact anytime soon,   but just cuz just in case he holds on to it for 
so much longer. And I'm seeing an interesting card   we have we haven't seen all series long. I don't 
recall the name, but I know it is a mine card. So,   I'll start prepping it just in case it gets 
pulled up, but does decide to play out Dr.   Mundo number one. And there's only two cards in 
the in the trash currently, so it's only going   to be going up to eight might. Nothing too crazy, 
but eight might is still respectable nonetheless. is the one that's if it dies 
or get discarded, you draw one. Yeah. You're saying the card right now in his 
hand, the one we saw? Yeah. Yeah. Looks like   it's Chaos. I thought it was blue. So, let me 
look under the chaos cards cuz guys, I could Oh,   it's each player kills a gear. Oh, it is the 
dazzling aurora tech. That's what it was. So,   it's known as acceptable losses as an action. Each 
player kills one gear. Teemo doesn't really run   any gear, so it's only going to be affecting 
the Aurora player. Nice cyborg insert. So,   that's in currently in the hand. It hasn't 
been played, but I just wanted to bring it   to you guys' attention so we could keep that 
in the back of our minds. That is in hand. So,   even if an Aurora comes down, you do have 
to be mindful. It's players choices. So if   there's a ZA and a Dazzing Aurora on the 
current base, he has the option to pick.   So you want to you want to go ahead and play 
it when Za's hourglass has already been used   and then there's only one gear online. So 
you have to be super considerate of that. What happened? What's happened? Looks like 
Mountain Drake trying to conquer the sigil.   Going with a stupify. So a two might difference. 
You lower one from mountain drake and increase   one for Dr. Mundo. So up to six mountain drake 
up to nine. Oh the defy. You love to see it as   a green player. Define the ride the win. 
Still a plus one for Mundo cuz it's not   about the cards play. It's about the cards in 
your trash. Yeah. And it looks like Yeah. He's   just playing the convergent to increase 
the might. So now it's nine to nine. Oh,   but he can't play anything else. Is 
that going to be a even trade on sigil? Actually, you could potentially use 
your gear killing stuff. If it's No,   it's not an action. Else, you could have used 
it. And no, it is the action. Kill the ZA. Yeah,   then you can use it. Kill the ZA. I know 
it's expensive, but you kill the Za,   you maintain your Mundo, and you uh kill 
the Drake at the same time. All right,   we see the Rune Prison going to be stunning 
Dr. Mundo. So, no damage onto the mountain   drake. Is there a world where Teemo can at 
least have Dr. Mundo recalled back to base   because he doesn't have enough might to take 
it down? You said the the acceptable losses. Yeah, but now you don't even kill the Drake. 
So, yeah, but you save your Dr. Mundo, which is   pretty important as well. I think that's okay. 
Mhm. I think it's about as best as you can do. Uh-oh. I'm seeing the last stand also in the 
hand. So, that mountain drake currently at   nine might just be heading its way up to 18 
if that is indeed the last stand I'm seeing.   Yeah, which would be half of a problem. But uh the 
cat advantage is would be starting to be good for   uh my boy Timo and that means that the Drake 
All right. It it it gets a point, but it won't   remain there. And so the white flame won't be 
able to buff anything. So the last stand, yeah,   sure it hurts, but on the long run, hm. And yeah, 
he's got another Mundo, too. Okay, I don't Yeah,   I don't even mind that last stand that much. I 
agree. That was a lot of resources for Master   E. I think that was a total That was a last stand 
uh a room prison. And I believe there might have   been one more card before that. So, look at Master 
Y's hand. He just has a single card or make that   two cards in hand. So, I'm not hating that too 
much cuz as we saw before from that sabotage,   there is two Dr. Mundos in the hand. So, able to 
get off another one. Gets one for the hold. Goes   up to six total points. And without a dazzing 
Aurora, we are looking really good if you're   a Teemo fan. Just two more points. And he's got 
console the past by the way. Oh, true. Okay. He's   got two console the past, I think. Yeah, plenty 
of card draw. Goes ahead and plays out the Dr.   Mundo. Most likely going to be electing to hide 
the consult the pass. It is band two. He can hide   the two. Yeah, a total of four draws. That's going 
to be massive for the Teemo player. The things are   looking rather up if you're Teemo. The biggest 
thing to note, there's just no dazzing Aurora,   especially considering the fact that he's only at 
one total point so far. things. Wait, where? Oh,   no, no, no. Wait, where did the mountain drake 
go? Oh, it was temporary. Of course, of course.   Temporary units is before the beginning step, 
so you don't get the whole This is why Yeah, I   was like, yeah, you get the battlefield right now, 
but you don't have anything to recap after it. And the only thing that's like a bit gloomy 
right now for Teimmo is All right,   I don't have runes anymore, but I'm only going to 
need a rebuke or a fight and flight. And I'm going   to draw four cards. And even if you get a dead 
bloom, I'm going to change it and kill it with   my ember monk that will go up to eight. So, it's 
such in a good spot right now. I couldn't agree   more. Super ideal situation for this Teemo if he 
tries to go after the Ember Monk. That is a risky   line. I think he might just be going into the 
Sig of the Storm to get and you see you see he   was writing something. You know what he wrote 
right there? What did he write? I would never   play or ever again. That's why he regretting 
his choice on today's tournament activities,   but it's it brought him into the top 64. 
So can't be too regretful of that. Does   send it into the sigil. Goes Oh no, doctor. So he 
passed. He pass Dr. Mundo triggers recycle three.   So now Dr. Mundo just has eight. That's still 
sufficient enough to get over the six from the   tasty. Two runes at the ready for a Master 
Yi player. So something like another rune   prison if he has it, but it just doesn't 
look like he has it. And Master Yi going   to be extending the hand. That will be Teemo 
closing it out in our game three. Well done.
