Title: Most Supports Are Losing Lane Because of This... Ignite/Exhaust/Heal Mistakes
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgJJTLuK7I8

Content:
If you are taking exhaust because the enemy as assassin champions and you're using heal at the end of the fights also you are taking ignite with lacks karma. Let me tell you you are doing a lot of stuff wrong. In this video I'm going to show you how to choose and play correctly like in this example. This is blitz with heal and zena with exhaust in high challenger E west. I will show you how to play like them. Let's start with exhaust. Exhaust is super overrated in low MMR games. Usually in high elo it's picked like 5% of the times but in low elo I see it all the time. It's not that good. It looks very OP because it slows you reduce the damage. So you say okay enemy team has a leel blank. I'm going to pick exhaust to stop them. No it's not that efficient. It's better to go for example for heal and select other items like celestial opposition as your super item if you want to survive. But you should pick exhaust when you are playing against three unique champions in the game. That is Kenan, Vladimir and maybe Diana or champions in the middle top lane or jungle that have heavy spells that combo your entire team. then exhaust is really really strong. When Kenan enters with the ultimate or Diana enters or blame ults, then ulting and I mean using exhaust is really powerful. Now if those champions don't exist, you should not pick exhaust for the enemy team. Now for bot lane, the enemy AD carry. Let's talk about the enemy AD carry. Exhaust hard counters only a few AD carries. It hard counters Samira, Nyla, Kaisa, Lucian, Yasua, and Tristana. Why? All of them have something in common. They have two things in common actually. First of all, they have a really low range. Tristana has high range later on in the game, but at the start of the game has really low range. And second, they play on burst. They want to burst you down. So now here it comes. The biggest exhaust mistake that you guys do is you are using exhaust wrong. When should you use exhaust? You should use exhaust when the damage is going to hit. Now, I've seen so many people that when Tristana jumps or they're going on Tristana, they insta exhaust. This is not good. You want to exhaust the enemy champion when they're going to do the damage. So, when would you exhaust Tristana? You will exhaust Tristana just before she's going to pop the bomb on you and on your allies. So you are reducing the entire kit of Tristana. The same thing with Kaisa with her passive with her Q isolated. If you need stop that damage, you are going to win on the trades. Now for other champions, it's way better to go for heal because we are going to see that in the next chapter. Why heal? It's so broken. And also you guys are using heal incorrectly. So we are going we are also going to talk about that. Ignite. Ignite. Ignite. When do you go ignite? You guys think kill. And you guessed it right, you want to go ignite when you want to kill. But there is a catch this season and probably next season as well. So pay attention. You want to go ignite with Pantheon for example. Carry champion. Pike is also like a a very heavy kill champion. So you will also want to go ignite with Pike Elise and Camil support. Silas support. This type of champion that want to go in, want to kill, want to get advantage by pressuring. And pressure is the key word. You want to use ignite to pressure the enemy. Maybe in some situations you want to go ignite when for example you're playing a Soraka Nami Millio to reduce the healing, but it's usually better to go for oblivion orb or any healing reduction item. Now I go ignite with tic for example. Here you will see it in the background in the game play because I like to go aggressive with tic. I want to get those skills because Stallic is actually a really strong champion in laning phase and it suits my play style. Now, normal mistakes or very common mistakes is playing lacks karma with ignite right now in this meta in season 15 and onwards is not good. Why? Because you have such an big range. For example, with Zyra with Lux, you have such a big range that using ignite is not that efficient because you have to step up and you are going to be closer to get punished. Now, heal is stronger as an aggressive summoner than ignite. Heal actually does more damage than ignite. And this is something that was say, what what do you mean heal doesn't do damage? Heal actually does damage. And that's what I'm going to explain in the last chapter when we talked about heal. So, make sure that you think about this before selecting ignite on champions that have heavy long range. You don't want to play, for example, with ignite or zeraf with ignite. It doesn't make sense. Now for enchanters, heal is also going to buff your AD carries. So usually you want to go for heal with the enchanters as well. Sometimes if you want to go more aggressive, you can pair it with an ignite. But remember, ignite you want to have it when you are going to pressure the lane, control more the aggressively the lane and get an advantage with that. Now you guys also are using ignite wrong. You guys have to start using ignite faster. It has 3 minute cool down. So use it when you are fighting, when you are all ining. Even if you don't kill the enemy, it's good to use Ignite early in a trade. So the healing obviously is reduced. They take more damage. And if they are super low in lane, let's say early early laning phase, you can use that the enemy team is low to control the lane because you have an HP advantage. So you keep snowball in the lead by denying minions, maybe setting up a dive, having a better recall. It's not about every time killing, but don't hold it too much because then you will not be able to use it more and more times during the game. You saw it. That's the most broken part about heal mus. The mus that it gives is so strong. Mus is the most OP stat in the game. And you guys have to understand like the faster you go, the better everything goes in in the game. you escape, you do more damage, and we're going to talk about that just in a bit. You can hit better the spells. You can reposition better. This is also super important. So, heal is very nice. It feels good because it's healing you, but you guys are using it too late. Super super late. Every good player that plays bot lane, every good support uses heal instantly on every trade when it happens, insta heal. Why? because you get 100% effectiveness of the summoner spell every single time because your ally and you because you're already trading. You are getting the full value of the heal and then the mus you can use it to keep chasing to reposition to kite back to dodge a gank. Okay, that's why you use heal uh at the start. Why? What's the another reasoning is that you get your cooldown faster. If you're using heal past then 4 minute cool down then you can use it again then you can use it again. So I'm using three to four heals in the during the game in in early game because I'm not afraid on spending it and I've seen so many players in lower MMR games that are using heal they're holding it so long that they use one or two heals in the first 15 minutes. It's it's it makes no sense. You are losing so much control in laning phase. It's insane. Because when you are healing, you can have more control because you are getting better trades in. And if the enemy support doesn't use heal, then you are healthier. So with that health, you can have more pressure in the lane as well. Even if they still have it, you can deny CS, rotate better, roam better, reset better because you can have like more presence. Sure, sometimes it's going to be good if the enemy team forgets the enemy AD carry flashes under tower, one auto heal or barrier and then they survive. Sure, that can happen one time every 25 games. But if you want to consistently get an advantage in any phase, use it properly. Use it fast in in every trade because, as I said before, and I'm not lying, heal does more damage than ignite. Think about it. If you are starting the trade and you just heal, you can get one or two outs more per player. That means that your ED carry gets one or two autos more. You get one or two out of more. Not only that, again, let's go back. Zyra Lux, if you are playing Zyra Lux with heal or karma with heal, you are able to get more spells in. You can get more Q's in. You can hit better ease. You can also be faster on enemies face. So you can hit the better route with Lax and and Karma and also with Zyra for example. So you are doing more damage indirectly by using that move speed in your favor. Okay. So if you want to play like a high low player, like a challenger player, they will instantly use it and get more control. And you will see once you see this plus the other fundamentals about Liface, you will see okay, I'm getting huge advantages just by using heal properly. And that's why heal is so much better than exhaust or ignite when this um for example, you're not playing against like a Tristana that is going to jump on you and you have to use exhaust. So you can use this summon spell much more efficient and now you know exactly what you can choose exhaust ignite or heal. Hopefully you guys like the video. More content is coming for season 16. So make sure you subscribe if you don't want to miss it. I've been seeing a lot of crazy things that you can do as a support me and spoiler. I think we can do level one gang and still get to bowling with the homeg guards. So I'm cooking some crazy stuff. So make sure you don't miss that. Um, if you have any questions, let me know. As always, see you guys.
