Title: GAREN STORMRAIDER IS TOO STRONG AFTER BUFFS (NEW BUILD) - 2026 Garen TOP Gameplay Guide
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uifZREYRVvA

Content:
Yep. Comment Landre. >> All right, here we go, guys. Landre match up. I think the tenacity stat is really valuable, really valuable into this matchup. So that's why we took it of course. The resistance tenacity was not the man. Yep. Be a fun lighting phase, man. That's for certain. Got to play it safe for now at least. Not bad. She hurts really badly. We're holding on for dear life, man. Be careful about the eye exact two as well. Vende, thanks so much for the Apollo. tower chop for that. SP the potion now. Zach could be uh Oh, it's Jay's jungle. Okay, never mind. I don't have to worry about Zach. That's fine. Interesting. >> First blood. >> That's not good. I'm on my way. Hang on, man. There we go. Nice gaming. All right. Wow. I'll take it, man. All right, push back mid lane. Here we go. >> An enemy has been slain. An ally has been slain. >> Back to farming. >> An enemy has been slain. >> Getting a little bit momentum. That's good. I'm on the offensive now. Landre, you better watch out there, Bub. I just need the passive to ramp up a little bit more, guys. And then um I should be able to manage and leverage trades versus Landre. Yeah, Garren's uh levels one through six, the passive is extremely weak. So that's why you need those external sources. Uh like Dorian shield second one really gets you through the first first bout, which is the most difficult. Obviously, as time goes on, we get more magic resistance thanks to W and then more health, which means larger W shields. So goes hand in hand. Gets the recall. my game. >> An enemy has been slain. An ally has been slain. >> Okay. >> That's good, man. That's good. Got six. No, not yet. Okay. All right. All right, guys. Momentum is looking really good this game. Let's keep it up. That myself. He wants me dead. I got to be pacing myself. Ah, that actually hit me. Yeah, that's right. They they buffed the range on that over the last few years in there. Cool. >> See you later, Landre. Well time W and bada bing bada damasia. Wonder where Jesus is though. Am I safe crashing this wave? Oh, okay. I think I found the Jace guys. Ha. Oh boy. Do I want to get uh the enhanced merk treads this game? I could. Doesn't have to be some of these. Thinking about it, man. I'm thinking about it. Let's get that sheen though. That rubber crystal is going to be good for our sustain, too. Okay, he's doing great so far. Got to respect uh her range and damage for now and then we'll play in the offensive later. Nice. Good job, Hackerim. Okay, momentum is definitely looking great this game. All lanes are winning and we have Zillian, which is going to be amazing for Hecrim, Trinid, and Gar respectively. Yeah, I find guys that if your reactions are really good, you can punish Elandre in a big way. But it's all about that preemptive use of W so and we're going to split max this game uh because not only do we need wave clear, but we also need the ability to um gap close. So those extra points in Q really are well rewarded guys. halfway turning force be 500 extra more gold and then we got it man. Then I think we're going to go merks this game if I'm not mistaken >> and I definitely want to go mortal mind this game because we have the uh Saraphene heal and then the zach as well. >> Don't think he's going to be a threat but he's going to be tanky. Okay, just need another waiver too and then we got our Trinity. Yeah, this stat chart super super good versus Landre. Tenacity slow resistance was not the love, right? >> Uh oh. All right. So, little fun fact. If Landre is silenced, she cannot hit the button to go ahead and port to safety. So, it's really good to open up with the silence first. I mean, obviously, it's good versus a lot of mages, but Landre especially insanely valuable. >> An ally has been slain. >> Insanely valuable. Okay, she's tping back. I have a lot of gold, so I'm going to go back myself. We're going to place a ward here, too, so we can track her movement in case she uses her roam timer, which she does have one because she didn't use her own in that last fight. Uh, she was looking to stop my recall, but luckily I backed uh pretty far back, so that's good. Amazing. All right, who's the threat? this game. Definitely bot lane. Yeah, I think it's going to be Mortal Minder second. Mortal Minder Gaming. Mortal Mind is just just such a good gearing item. Rubious wounds, crit armor pen. What's not the flipping love on? Okay, I think we got to be careful here. Let's not Let's not do a high variance play, guys. Okay, we got the scuttle. Cool. Got to be careful about the Jace incoming middle. I think enhanced merk treads would be amazing for me. Uh oh. >> That's not good. We really want to go in on this, guys. Oh no. Yeah, that was a bad play. Zillian had no ultimate, so of course not good at all, man. Is he okay? Looks like he's going to live. Yeah, we need that eye. desperately need that uh wounds against this team cap. I think Landre heals on her ultimate too. We got to bearing that in mind. I don't have enough for my rock treads. Unfortunately, I want to just stay middle. That way, I can play for the tier one. Pretty tanky. So, he went for Serats. So, that means that will also be good this game, too. Thinking about it, man. I'm thinking about it. Got it. All right, I got enough for it. I mean, Zillian low. I think we just lose it. Yeah, Zach's here, too. So, uh, think we just play for the tower here, man. Okay, set up dragons. >> An ally has >> Oh no, we lost Kai'Sa. What's going on, guys? This isn't good. Take middle, I guess. All right, first blood is mine. At least that's good. Really need back though. All right, mortal reminder time, guys. Your turret has been destroyed. Your team has destroyed a turret. Feel like if I had another movement speed item, I could gap close here. Can we not contest the Herald? Okay, we got it, dudes. All right, I'll match um Landre for now. Like Kaiso farm. We're going to rotate bottom. He doesn't have a bounty yet, so that's good. Oh, hey. How's it going, man? Well, I think it's fine because we got a Hecrim on the inbound here. >> Didn't even need him. All right. That's beautiful, man. We'll take it. We will take it. I can push with this tower, too, while I'm at it. And we're going to work on uh we're going to work on our mortal reminder. Hey, Gengar. How's it going? Hello. Hello. This is game. Yeah. Oh, you don't play it anymore. Once upon a time, >> you play any of the right games, actually. Yeah. How's it going? Good to see. >> An enemy has been slain. >> Yeah, they got this team fight under control, right? Take the tier, too. An ally has been slain. >> Enemy double kill. >> All right. Well, fine. I got the uh amount of gold for my next item. So, >> your team has destroyed. >> We got to be careful though. This game is Lucifal. But now they have mortal mind. I can cut through anybody I want. Proc that storm which is really important because again guys it's all about hitting that damage threshold. And we're going to go Serox next to him of course too. We want to bulk up with some durability. We want to be a bruiser Garen but not just a bruiser Garen. We want to be strong Garen. Anthony is a big deal breaker for me. Okay. I get it. I get it. Yeah. You mean Vanguard? Yeah. Not everyone's comfortable with the colonel of access. The lights have a colonels. I like in my life are the ones of my popcorn dish. Going to catch this wave here. I think chasing Zach's not going to be a good idea. Want to get that tier two though if possible. Got W fully stacked. That's cool. We can play for this next dragon. Air silver would be really valuable for us. Okay, I'm just going to rotate to be make sure I'm here for my team, of course. Um, don't have to worry about Zach engaging on me. Looks like they're just going to give the dragon for now. They're going to play on their scaling because they have a saraphene smoldther. So their game plan on of course is to uh yeah their their game plan of course is to uh buy time which means we got to take as many objectives as we can before things get crazy. Well, I tried engaging. I could not make a successful play. Fortunately, we just back out here. new and cool for Gar lovers. Yeah, I mean, well, we got a new season uh new split itemization. You got storm surge. Really, really cool. Some Garen players are trying out the Voltaic Cyclord, which is a really big strong uh damage item. Good for snowballing. Yeah, other than that, he's in pretty good place. You can play him top, play him mid. Yeah, I think Hecrim trying to counter jungle uh may have not been the best uh game plan, but you know, where the heck is the Herald, by the way. Where'd he go? Oh, thank you, Zillian. All right, I'm out of here, man. Good thing I didn't give the bounty. I don't think that was worth it, though. I mean, I burnt two sums for a smolder with that bounty. You watch JJK? Um, I don't know if I know what that is. What is that? Is that Is that a streamer? Is that a show? Content creator. An enemy has been slain. >> Oh, Jesus Kaisen. Okay. I've heard really good things about it, but I have not had the time to uh I have not had the time to uh binge watch a show. Yeah. I I mean, if I could stream it on my next uh international trip, I think I'll do it. you know, depending if I get Wi-Fi. Might pick a few shows, but um not going to be the same time. All right, we got the Baron. Great. I think that warrants it back for us. I think not mistaken. Zach is kind of tanky. Game looks like Chris when relaxing. I mean, it's fun. It can be fun. It can be also uh really crippling and depressing, but it can be fun. Luckily, I'm on my aame today. Who am I kidding? Download League of Legends today. Come on, guys. It's a free to play game. >> Wow. Your team destroyed a turret. >> The the Zillian saves the Trinameir. Crazy, man. Crazy. Yeah, Zillian, Trinameir. Deadly combination. I think we should wait for Zillian to be back up. Yeah, that that's definitely my uh that is my personal assessment here. She gone. OH, SHE'S GOING TO LIVE. AND HECRIM'S going to die, too. >> Oh, no. What are we doing here, man? That's not good. 154 crit and a minion. Now, I mean, I guess we can't siege because we don't have uh we don't have our Hecrim, we don't have our jungler. So, Does he get away? Ah, but we lose dragon. Uh, which really sucks. >> No, I'm going to die here. Oh no, >> he actually had the range. Got the 1k too. An enemy has been slain. Enemy double kill. >> Yeah, this is going to be uh smothering friends. I don't know how to solve this game. I think I have to go hole breaker here and do the 131. >> Yeah, the smother is the big issue here. An >> enemy has been slain. >> I know. Now, maybe we could just force a fight, but the thing is there's a lot of fights where we're just not five. Or we do the four one. That works too. I think I Trinar needs the mortal lighter if I'm not mistaken. Okay. Okay. Okay. It's still wable. Losing another dragon really sucks. I definitely have the tools to take out Landre. I'm assuming. Yeah, there's no way she could kill me right now. I got 52% tenacity as well. So, I got flashback out. Let me sit bottom. Let me see what we can do here. So Jay Jay is going to die. I'm assuming >> I'm going to push bottom. They're going to most likely go back to base. I can build holeer next item and then just try to crack into their base. Yeah, cuz the enhanced minion with um magic resistance would be really effective. Got to think this through carefully and don't make any rash moves cuz their late game aim is really good. Saraphene Smoulder is kind of insane. Okay, we got rin. Oh, you mean to tell me I could have canceled that? Gosh, flip it. Your team has destroyed a turret. Okay, tower's a half, which is good. Halfway to Holler. Yeah, we just got to keep proddding at their base bit by bit. What we're going to do, we need to divide them up. Divide and conquer, guys. That's the name of the game here. This is where split push macro is going to come into play. I see the smolder's trying to match me now. Deathire torch and black cleaver is a very fun combination. I I love that, man. Love it. It's uh Oh my god. Okay, they uh do a lot of damage. All right, I'm going to back here. Let's get get some components. I want to get a little bit more health. All right. Well, if he's going to pressure bottom, then I'm going to pressure top. We're going to do one through one here. Oh, he got fan. Interesting. Okay. Well, without an air drake, he should be okay, I'm assuming. Pretty fast myself. Yeah, I can fight the Zach. No problem. Wow, that's such a great engage. If we had more followup. An enemy has been slain. >> Okay. Does he actually live here? It does live. Passive down. All right. Going to push with the tower here. Maybe not. Maybe not. Okay, we can get Baron now. Okay, Trin's pushing bottom. Great. Okay, fantastic. I don't need to do anything else but to help with this objective. I'm coming team. Hang on, dudes. >> And then we can get priority for dragon down. >> I'll push middle with Baron. If they can test dragon, I'm going to push middle with enhanced Baron minions. I think that's the game plan. All right, they're threatening soul. This is something I never imagined. All right. A bit faster, too, because of whole recorder's movement speed. I'm going to go for the inhibitor here. >> Your team has destroyed a turret. >> Okay, so they tried the inhibitor for the air drake. I don't know if that was a good idea. Shut down. >> Boom. >> Serge, baby. >> OH, NO. YOU MEAN TO TELL ME HE GOT THAT BACK UP? >> All right. Gosh darn it. Oh, it's okay. They just end the game now. They got Trinameir. Okay. All right. That's fine. and I'll take it. >> All right, LANDRE MATCHUP DONE, RIGHT? And a super duper on top of it. Top of it. >> Hope you guys enjoy this one. Make sure to like, comment, and subscribe, and we'll see you guys in the next one. >> Damasia, baby. No. Yeah, I think I think it was kind progressively over for them because I don't think they could handle the 131. The train completed minder. I had the mortal blinder already, so Zach had no way to really handle me longterm. And then obviously I I just go ahead and break Landre like a twig. There's no way she can take me out with enhanced tier three mark dreads on top of Sterox. I have 51% tenacity before I even use my W. So really, really good there. All right, I'm going to honor Zillian and Trin for that game. really good value. All right, guys. And one more win and we get back to our original starting point which was uh 150 LPA. Yeah, cuz uh in this realm we gain 30, we lose 30. Guess you can say it's very fair, right? You know,
