Title: 3 Minute Shen Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnv8_bQeX7k

Content:
Why play Shen Jungle? Well, he is insanely tanky. His ultimate will globally save his teammates' lives. He has strong lockdown and he counters auto attacks. However, his CC can be dodged or flashed and he is very reliant on his team. Shen's passive is after using an ability, he grants himself a shield and if the ability affected at least one other champion, the cooldown is reduced. In addition, he also summons a spirit blade which interacts with some of his abilities. Shen's Q causes blade to him slowing enemy champions hit. Then, Shen's next three attacks are empowered to have bonus range and deal bonus damage. And if his Q did hit an enemy champion, these deal even more damage and he's granted bonus attack speed. Shen's W summons a circle around his blade. Then, after 2 seconds or when Shen or an ally walks into it, it activates where it blocks all enemy basic attacks. Shen's E has a passive where dealing damage with Q or his E restores energy. The active dashes him in a direction dealing damage to enemies hit and taunting them. His Q and W can be cast during the dash. Shen's ultimate is a point and click ability on an allied champion. It causes him to channel for 3 seconds and grants an allied champion a large shield based on their missing health. Upon completion, Shen will then blink to that ally's location and this is a global ability so he can target teammates anywhere on the map. For combos, Q before the fight starts and go in when your empowered attacks have around half their cooldown left. Attack three times into E, Q and W before attacking three more times. This is a great way to cheat out six empowered attacks. Your engage combo is to simply E into Q and W before attacking away. For matchups, Shen is amazing into assassins as he's just too tanky. However, he can struggle against champions that can easily kite and zone him. For runes, grasp is a great default but honestly, unsealed spellbook feels amazing with him. For build order, start red monster and pot into a proto harness and tier two boots. From here, an unending despair and abyssal mask are great pickups before finishing a build with any of these as needed. For skill order, start Q then E then take a second point in Q before taking W. From here, max Q then E then W taking ults whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and smite. Starting the game, you have a couple of different options. Going for a full jungle clear is always the best default. It just gives you the maximum gold and experience and puts you in a good place to fight for scuttle crab. Otherwise, clearing half the jungle and going for a gank when your opponent's level two is a solid option with Shen, especially if the lane's already had a small amount of early fighting. Flashing a taunt onto someone is very easy kills. After your first clear, you want to be looking for ganks. As always, consider the three main points of where is the lane pushed to, what escapes do the enemy have and what CC does your team bring. And when ganking, the main things you should be focusing on are first and foremost landing your taunt but also using your Q to slow the enemy. And when you hit level six, you have one of the best reactive abilities in the game where you can save teammates' lives and turn around lost fights. Entering the mid game, keep farming and playing the supportive jungle playstyle. Focus on making plays with your team and converting into objectives. And a lot of the time, these plays will come to you as you can just ult teammates to start. Entering late game team fights, you can often start the fight by split pushing. Then, when the fight starts, ult into your team for massive value. From here, you want to play the front line. Attack anything in front of you before you can taunt something important on their backline or simply save your taunt and W to stop anything from getting one of your carries.
