Title: How to Use Tempo to Secure Every Dragon (Challenger Jungle Guide for Season 16)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCryq_H2X4w

Content:
Hello. Hello guys. Today we are back at it again with another uh guide on the jungle role. Um I think this game we're just going to be talking about dragon, how to secure dragons, stop losing the dragons. Uh this is just a follow-up to the previous one. Um how best to lead your team to be able to get the dragons um in league. So, we're going to be playing in around uh masters plus. So, this is going to be masters GM uh sometimes challenger. Going to be just kind of walking you guys through how I like to view the game and how I like to uh best coordinate my team to be in the best spot uh taking the dragons. Um I think right now the rank ladder has been a little unstable recently. So we are going to be facing some adversity here. A lot of people are tryh harding and uh now that has reset we are pretty much uh going to be playing in looks like anywhere from you know diamonds are playing with challengers essentially. So the games are a little bit skewed right now. Um, but we will still try our best to make videos and try to impart some knowledge uh about League. Um, since the higher you go, the more uh people are playing very uh optimally. So, they're grabbing bleeds, they're not throwing them, they're taking objectives together, taking fights together. um you will have to improve mechanically a little bit but as long as you have the right idea you do have the right um opportunity to showcase that. So what I mean is like if you are trying to improve um and trying to you know look at high elo and try to be high elo essentially you do need to uh be at a certain like uh your character needs to be c like optimized basically. So you're farming efficiently. You're uh looking at objectives in the right windows. um you're identifying opportunities uh that you can, you know, basically get yourself ahead and your team ahead. Um but yeah, to today it's pretty much going to be about dragons. Um we see that the first dragon is a cloud soul or as a as a cloud dragon, so we do want to optimize for that. We want to try to um try to go towards that as much as possible. We're jungling against Bellevth right now. So there's a Bellevth. Um okay, that's not the right item. I'm going to do this. Uh, and then we're going to just reset towards the top side. We're going to ping out that. You know, he could be here. Um, he could be there, but yeah. Uh, we're going to just check it out here. I think he started here. So, will be a decent opportunity. Just come check things out. See how Lorlo is doing. Uh, Lorlo trying out the new death fire touch on his scarnner top. So, I mean, always nice to see old players around. I think he's, you know, just around masters. Uh, uh, I think, yeah, just just hanging out on his accounts, his many accounts, I think, all named Orlo. So, you know, if you know him from back in the day, he is pro player. Um, used to be quite good. Um, I think Belvet has used her tempo here. So, we're going to just be padding towards the dragon and we're going to be able to take it. So that is going to be okay for us. Um dragon will spawn in about few seconds there. Um notice how you know this is a little bit higher elo so nothing really is going on around the map. Sometimes games are exploding and sometimes games are a little bit slow. We don't have really um too much fight going on. So you know it is good. Um I think just as I say that there's more fight going on there. So now it is what it is what it is. This is Caster. Um, we're going to be headed over to dragon using the tempo there. Um, this is going to be my first quote unquote gank of the game. So, I'm pretty much just looking to grab the dragon. Uh, since Bellevth will be looking here and then he'll be looking here. So, going to be there most likely. Um, I think I'm going to be fine with coming down real quick and then making sure I can get some some gameplay off here and then just try to smash him as much as possible here. And then yeah, just get quick little two kills. Give it over to the Jinx. Draven's going to love that. And then we're just going to be pinging them to push. And then we're going to be pinging for the dragon. So this is just because we know that Belvth is likely going to be topside. Lorlo recognizing this is going to back off like a good player and we are going to grab an advantage in this game. So looks okay so far, right? I think we are going to mainly look for dragon stacking with bot lane and Lurlo. Um I think they might even be dual. I'm not really sure. I didn't I didn't really check. Um but yeah, Parth, Lorlo, you guys already know. Um these are basically pro players. Um well, Parth has been a coach, right? He's a coach of TSM um back when they had a team. But yeah, I'm not really too up to up to date with the pro team, but you know, they're I at least recognize um old players when I see them. So um but yeah, they're going to be okay. Uh, I think we're going to just ping that Belvat has window. Belle has wind window right now since we just used our tempo on dragon. So, we're going to just kind of continue on our path to collecting all the camps and then just making sure that we're pinging that Belv has window right now. uh reminding the team that you know we can expect to see Belvath um with his tempo uh you know using it effectively. So it is what it is. We're going to just be full clearing right now towards hearth and then we're going to just try to grab uh cement the lead down bot and then look to prepare next dragon. So how you do that is you normally just gank for the bot lane. you play around the bot lane and they will reward you with the dragons. Um, another opportunity is mid lane, so we can also play towards the mid lane. Uh, Lorlo is getting ganked, so he's on the weak side of the game, so he should understand this. Uh, and then we're going to just still play for bot. Um, I'm going to just come on over and then we're going to probably just make some plays here. We cleared all the camps. Uh, and then we're going to look for more pressure onto this tower. Um, I'm probably just going to aim to kill this thing. Um, we can just I'm just going to signal that he can just kill this. Going to do a deep ward for him. And then, um, that should be good enough. Don't like his positioning here. He should just be walking around, but it is fine. Um, and then we're just going to go back here. Um, just going to mainly I think I'm just going to look to make some tunnels and then just take this. Probably going to give this one. Um, we don't really have to focus on void rebs as much. We're not really looking to fight top side right now at least. Um, just have to ping this out. Do have to Okay. Well, we do have to signal that we're coming here. Um, did have to drop camp, but it is fine. Going to just be coming back here. Okay, I think we're just going to be focusing towards drag still. >> Nice. Nice. And then we're going to be just making sure we're on the camps correctly. I think this is AP Scarnner. Actually, this is a little bit interesting. I've not seen this before. So, we will just make sure to play around it um as best we can. Uh, AP Scarnner is a little bit worrisome because I've not seen it in action, but hopefully he can make something happen around Teemo. Uh, otherwise, we will be dealing with some fed Teemo this game. Uh, but yeah, just continuing the dragon thoughts. Um, I think right now this is pretty much what you should expect around the game, uh, around this ELO at least. So, there's no really turboing down. I mean a sometimes you will have tilters and then those people while ladder sorts it out um will be falling down so they will not have you know places in their in this rank anymore. So um yeah aside from that looking to full clear as much as possible and then make sure that we're looking towards dragon as much as possible here and ping that we're on the way. Um Belvat does not want to be losing this dragon here. Um, I think he's coming here right now. I'm just going to just take a look here. And then, uh, let's make sure that, you know, there is Bellevth here. So, we just want to be making sure that we can counterplay this a little bit. Damn, we didn't quite get him. Nice, nice, nice. And Belvath also flashed. So, we just forcing them to die using our advantage bot, using our movement speed. We're going to kite them around and make them die. So, this is kind of how you want to play it. I like how everybody's moving. I like how everybody's playing. I made a little misplay onto Bellevth and then ended up losing that kill, but um it is what it is. Um, I think he also missed alt on him, but it is fine. We're going to just look to play the dragon here. Play out this fight. We should still have advantage here cuz we have pushing in. Um, he's getting collapsed. He needs to just al out maybe. Okay, we're good. We have some window to be doing the dragon here. So, we're going to just start it out. and they're respectfully giving it away. So, this is what you want. You will take a base here. Um, you'll ping that Belvthouse window out. Teemo uh did get soloed out cuz he is, you know, not as good of a player as Lorlo is. It is what it is. He was a professional. Lolo buying time. This is why you never chase kills, by the way. They're wasting a lot of time on this. And basically, that is all they get. So, they only get one kill after he got a solo. So, that's not even good. You always just want to continue on your clear after you do the dragon. And then, uh, pretty much you're just full clearing down bot on repeat. So, you know, this is kind of how it goes. Pretty casual game cuz, you know, everybody kind of knows how to play. If, let's say, my teammates didn't know how to play, then um, you know, I would have to kind of do a little bit more for them. But, you know, because they are pretty uh, well played in general. Um, we can just trust them to stay alive for the most part. Um, you know, some some mistakes will happen still, but for the most part, we can trust them to stay alive in their lanes. Hopefully, I didn't just curse that. But, um, that is pretty much expected. You must be able to stay alive in your lane for a little bit at least to reach this elo. So, I'm going to just come on over and then visit bot. Just take a look here. Uh, and then we should be fine to just make a little play onto Karma here. I should have went on Draven. Okay, there is um yeah, it's fine. We're just going to ping the He is flashing out. Did he? I don't really know. Okay, we're just going to ping back on the BVT there. Everything kind of makes sense so far. Hopefully, you're with me. Um we're pretty much doing the same plays. We're saying, "Hey, you know, maybe this guy has a window right now." And then we're just kind of backing out, being very respectful of the situation. Um, okay, Scarnner dies there. That is all good. Going to try to visit um his camps for a sec here. Just going to see if anything's still up. Doesn't really matter though. As you as you can see, um he does get a little bit ahead off of scuttles and stealing that one camp, but we've gotten more game impact, so that is what matters in the end. So um mainly objectives like kills are kind of whatever but as long as kills are leading into objectives it's good. If kills are not then they are not good. So uh Velvet has gotten two kills or basically 2 KP. He has not gotten any objectives other than the top side ones which don't really matter. Um so there's that. Let me just buy a pink ward. Make sure to always buy pink wards. Um, it does set you back a little bit of gold, but it is well worth it cuz you do want to get vision on the objectives and stuff. Want to make sure that you have that and you're using pink ward vision so that you can just make sure. Notice how I'm also not really heading on over towards top. I I think um a lot of the time he's on his own. He's just going to be a little bit island. Uh he's going to be Wait. Okay, this is fine. We're good. He's going to be an island. We're going to give over all the top side stuff and then we're going to be heading over towards the dragon and towards the bot side. Rex side does jungle a little bit slowly. So, um this is pretty much what you're going to have to do. You're going to have to pick and choose what which camps you're going to want to take. Um we're going to just be headed down and then we're going to be pressuring out Draven. He's not having a very fun time, so it is what it is. pretty much just need to pressure out. Uh we're probably not going to see Lorlo this game. Um it is fine. He is going to have to accept that he's weak side. Um but yeah, he's not making any complaints. We are winning the bot side of the map. Uh he's probably seen this movie dozens of times, maybe hundreds of times where he doesn't see his jungler the entire game and he is going to win the game. um because that's just kind of how pro games go. So, we do want the um we do want this uh dragon. So, we want everybody to come over for the dragon here. Um but yeah, want the dragon. So, we're pinging for it now. Just make sure that everybody understands that dragon is important. We do want this objective right now. And then we're going to just drag it out. I think they're giving it again. I would not recommend this. By the way, this is not okay. Well, if they're really going to give dragon all the time for for nothing, then we'll just win. Um, that is just how it goes. So, sometimes it is that easy. I will have to say I was expecting, you know, like they should be very desperate to fight this team should be tping. Maybe we'll get a team fight in. Probably not. No, don't react to things. That's not a good reaction. >> We needed to play with the things more. I think he got bored. Maybe [laughter] he is on tank duty top and he's building AV. It is what it is. Make sure he dies. Going to push it out here. Going to make sure the camps are going to die as well. We're going to play towards the chem soul here. Um, it'd be really impressive honestly if the enemy team just gave it over as well because this is honestly one of the game states that if they can't win the fight at drag, then they can just give it over to avoid giving over more things. You know what I'm saying? Like they're already giving over drag, you know, enough as it is, right? So, they could even just trade it for Baron and then try to give over, you know, another soul. Like even though Soul is better uh by a lot, they could do this. Um I'm wouldn't even be surprised that that seems to be how the game is going right now. So we are just going to back off here. They're on reset. So I'm just going to Yeah, we're just going to We're just going to trade things and then just play it safe. Play it correctly. Um, I need to grab plated steel caps here in this situation. So, I'm going to do that and then I'm going to just walk down mid. Belvth right there. So, I just want to ping it out. Make sure um my Jinx knows that he is right there. And then we're going to just pretty much um look to play on the map here. Not going to look to throw. We're going to look to play a little bit. We have double items. I don't know if I don't know if I like that a little bit. Okay. I am dead because of karma. Oh, never mind. I'm alive because of Jana. Cool. Just ping back here. Nice. They're doing stuff. Let's take a free Baron before the uh take a free Baron here. Okay, fine. I'm going to back out. I think he led them straight to me. A little bit unfortunate. Just take soul. If they if they're not coming, then we can just get the soul. Soul is really really good for us. So, we'll just see what they do, honestly. It might give it again. We'll see. He's threatening Draven or Draven knows he's dead as Got it. >> We're good. So, just force them into a situation where they're forced into dragon play even though they don't want to. If they would have given it like we were first set up, we have the advantage. If they would have given it, maybe traded for Baron, that would have been the challenger play like actually. But the thing is this is not fully challenger. This is just, you know, there's some players that are, you know, pros and there's there's some master tier and stuff, right? So, you're not going to have everybody um you know, be super super on top of things here. So, as you can see, Teemo did not come for any dragons. Bellevth gave all of them over and they're suffering. So, they we can just take it slow. We don't really have to push for anything right now. And we're just going to slowly close it out here. No throws, no weird moves. Bolo can do what he wants. >> Okay, back out. Protect the Jinx. Protect the Jinx. Making sure Jinx has a good time is my part of my job right now. Get Jinx on the tower here. Nice. Get the reset on him. Yeah, as you can see, this is just kind of how the games go. When we are playing for dragon, Lorlo is calling for the um he is calling for the top side. This is correct. We do need to grab the free gold while we can. They are feeling it very tough right now for enemy team since they gave over all objectives and uh just dragons. I mean we're going to grab it real quick. If they are here then we're going to just continue. They might make some counterplay here. We'll see. Very good guys. Don't want to overcommit on anything. So, we're playing it slow. We're holding our abilities. Just playing with the Jinx damage. Lola knows what he's doing. Top lane goes first. Very good. Probably been in this situation hundreds of times. >> It's so nice playing this style with pros. They actually know how to do it whereas like usually, you know, top lane would, you know, in harder or just AFK or just anything like that. Pressure them out. Make sure they lose. huge. >> Nice. We are going to give it to him. Well played lots and pretty solid showing of how to play a controlled game for dragons. Um, you know, it is what it is. I will catch you guys later. Hopefully that can uh show some things for you.
