Title: BURN Bard Guide - Runes & Items | Lathyrus
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9y0twdeBo8A

Content:
Hello, hello, hello everyone. Big big mid-season patch with a lot of items and some other changes and many many other things. I am back here again to sit and talk about Bard and what I figured out, what I think is good, what I think is bad. The big one here is we have gotten a new rune called Deathfire Touch. Basically, every time you hit anyone with an ability, you add a dot burn on them. This rune is quite good on Bard because every meep count as a way to proc Deathfire Touch, right? It has flat scaling damage 4 to 12 depending on level and then it has AP ratio and an AD ratio. We don't care too much about that. We will get a tiny bit of AP with Liandry's. Do know Liandry's is magic damage and does not proc our rune as the only thing that procs our rune is ability damage. And Liandry's is not ability damage, it is magic damage. So now we can see if we auto attack this, it start it dots 4 seconds here and 2 seconds here. Since it dot it dots 4 seconds here, it does a lot more damage as after the third second, the fourth dot is increased by 75% damage. Obviously, if we auto attack like this, it keeps dotting and then we queue to increase it, then we'll do far more damage because now it's 5 seconds of dots and three four or five seconds is increased by 75%. That's why the further into the game we go, where we get more and more meep, where we can continuously auto attack and then auto attack and then queue. You can see how the dot starts really taking up, right? And if when we get to three meeps, four meeps, five meeps, where we can continuously apply this, it has no cool down at all and it can be active on as many different champions as it wants to, it starts really ramping up in damage, which is awesome. The Q is 2 seconds, the passive is four, the AoE cone is 2 seconds. From my POV, we have two rune pages we can play with this patch. Realistically, three if you want to count Guardian, but I don't think Guardian is a very good right now. Between those two, Electrocute is way better early game, but Deathfire Touch has a way better mid to late game. The reason Deathfire Touch is better in the later part of the game is because it scales off of how many meeps we have. So when when we get to three, when we get 35 chance with the big AoE cone, this is why this starts pumping out way more damage than Electrocute. But that's also first around 18 minutes into the game, which is quite late into the game. So the entire laning phase, Electrocute would be far better. So that's something to take into consideration when we decide what rune we want to play with. I have played with both runes. I found myself to have a bit more success with Electrocute, but I'm also playing in a lot higher Elo where games are over a lot faster. So Electrocute has more value. Diamond or below, where games generally last closer to 30 minutes, then I think Deathfire Touch is a lot better and will just do far more damage. Besides that, we also got some new boots that are surprisingly incredibly good on Bard. 10% omnivamp when they're fully stacked and they only cost 950 gold. Since we go Magical Footwear, they basically only cost 650 gold. So these are the boots I've been buying a lot. If I have a game where I decide to go Liandry's, I will always go Gluttonous Greaves as well. To talk a bit about the rune pages we have, if we start with Electrocute, it has not changed at all from last patch. It is Electrocute, Cheap Shot, Treasure Hunter with Magical Footwear, 10% attack speed, 2.5% movement speed, scaling health. Or you can do scaling health and tenacity slow resistance if you have a game with a lot of CC, you're versus Leona or something like that. Just make sure you always have one scaling health. That doesn't matter if it's this one up here and then you go slow resistance or if it's you go movement speed and scaling health, right? Now the new rune page with Deathfire Touch looks like this. We always have Inspiration secondary with Magical Footwear. It is by far the most gold efficient, the best rune page in the game right now for Bard. But in Sorcery tree, we go Deathfire Touch, Nimbus Cloak, Transcendence and Scorch. You can make arguments to try to do Absolute Focus to get lower cool down on your ult, but I think this is consistently better, Nimbus Cloak. Then we always go Transcendence. It is better than the 1% movement speed we get here and then some bonus movement speed. We generally don't need more movement speed as we already hit our soft caps with our build, so we don't need that. And Absolute Focus giving us adaptive force is kind of eh since we don't have the greatest ratios anyway. And then we go Scorch. Scorch is amazing cuz it's procced off of our meep. So one auto attack with a meep will proc both Deathfire Touch and Scorch. So one auto attack with a meep level one will do around 100 damage, I believe, with the auto attack, the meep and Deathfire Touch and Scorch, which is quite a lot of damage from just auto attacking one person, right? Also here, you can also do movement speed and scaling health just like the other one. Or you can do uh scaling health and tenacity slow resistance. The build does not really change depending on what build you go here. No matter what, we will do Bloodsong as our support item. No matter what, we will go Dead Man's Plate first item. Then the build I've been forcing basically every game is Liandry's and then the new boots and then K'Sante as my magic resist item. And then as my armor item, it's Randuin's if they have crit, Frozen Heart if they have on hit instead, or Knight's Vow if I have a very fed hyper carry that I need to defend. Realistically, the magic resist item can be Force of Nature if they have a lot of dots. Let's put that down to flex. And it can be Abyssal Mask if they don't have too much magic damage, but you have a lot of magic damage dealers, so we want to add some magic damage, then we can go Abyssal Mask as well. But most of the time, my build ends up looking like this, right? This is how my build looks. I feel like in 90% of my games, but these items can be flexed in. You also have other items like Hourglass. I really like building this into a fed Master Yi as it just makes life way easier into Master Yi. But that's the thing, right? We have so many flex items, but just to keep it very simple, this is what I end up with 90% of my game. If you guys like this type of content, then I am live on Twitch basically every single day where I sit and play League of Legends, play Bard, answer question and overall try to climb as fast and far up as I can, trying to see if we can get rank one again. But yeah, thank you so much for watching the video. I really appreciate it and I'll see you all again in the future. Bye.
