Title: The Psychology of EVERY Sett Player | A Brain Study
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sVqtWzXAfw

Content:
If you've ever looked at a set player and wondered what's going on inside their head, then look no further because today's study is the five parts of the set player's brain. And I am a self-proclaimed neuroscientist. So you can trust that this data is accurate and true. So I'll be teaching today's class with the help of my silent assistant, Renzy. And soon the world can finally understand the psychology of every set player. Let us begin with the first region of the set player's brain. This is the fist fight fixation field. And this is the part of the brain that activates the second they step onto the rift. The set player picked this character to do one thing, and that's to bully their laner and win 1v ones. So, when a set player walks onto the rift, they immediately want to start trading with their laner. Because even if they lose their trade, they have their passive to heal back up. And this is perfect because set players are very simple-minded. You could relate his early aggression to a character like Warwick. But unlike Warwick, Set is actually good in team fights in late game. So, the players really just do this for the love of the game. They quite simply just want to fist fight their laner. And despite ghost and teleport existing in the year of our llord 2026, set is still one of the only characters that runs Ignite every single game. Because if they're not bullying their laner, they're not doing anything. Or at least that's what this part of their brain tells them. Because most set players become set players because they got bullied by a set player. So they approach the game as if they have to get five kills in lane just to win. And even if things go poorly for the set player, they're going to keep fighting. And set is also a champion that doesn't use any mana. So set players never had to discipline themselves in resource management. The second they see their laner step up, they're going to run forward with Q and trade them with E. And they will repeatedly do this off cooldown until somebody dies. Set is like the type of character you pick when you're having a bad day and you need to take out your enemy because when you load into a game of League of Legends, you don't have to think too hard about what you're doing in your lane. So set players load into the game and instantly start punching people as if it is personal. And if the enemy laner decides to trade back too much, that'll lead us into the next part of their brain. This is the Uno reverse cortex. This is all balanced around Set's W ability. You see, the set player wants to beat you up, but they also want you to beat them up because once he builds up enough grit from taking damage, he presses W. And when he does, he gains a massive shield and deals a ton of damage and true damage if you're in the center of it. And this is why most new players will ban set because even when you hit him back, he wins. But the set player sees this as perfectly balanced game design because they deserve to be able to one-shot you because you almost were able to hurt them. But what set players hate more than anything is when people get outside of the W. Because if you get hit by the edge of it, it does way less damage. And if you dodge it completely, then set us nothing left to follow up with. And since set players rely on this ability so heavily, they really don't know how to fight you after this point. That's why they're playing Set after all. If they wanted to play a character with a lot of buttons and mobility to kill people, they could have just played Ireelia. But rather than having to learn multiple buttons and what they do, the set prefers to have their survivability and their damage all pushed into one button. So that's exactly what they do. And this is why they play Set because they still get all of the damage and upside of those characters with none of the skill expression. And it's even better if Set is directly against one of these characters. Because when you imagine a high mobility burst character, you imagine someone behind their monitor sweating as they press a million buttons. All of this in a desperate attempt to kill the set. But despite their attempt to outplay him and all the buttons that went into it, the set counters this with one button. And when they one-shot that character a moment later, it brings a smile to the set player as a bit of drool runs down their face. and they feel as if they are the true outplay king and they just play smarter not harder. But if they really want to get the most out of this W ability, then that leads us into the third part of their brain. This is the mathematically correct gland. You see, a few years ago, there was a popular build made for set. It was known as mathematically correct set. And instead of building a D bruiser, instead the set player would just build as much health as possible. This is because of how the grit on his W scales with health. Long story short, health equals grit and grit equals damage on his W. Now, this build has been nerfed a bit since then, but the set players have not given up on it because the set players aren't satisfied just one-shotting squishies because they've seen the light and they know what's possible. So, to this day, many set players still go the health build because they want to one-shot the Cho'Gath as well, and they're willing to sacrifice some early game power to do this. But don't let that fool you. That doesn't mean they're going to play safe. It just means it may not pay off as well when they fight non-stop anyway. But by late game, the set player can accomplish this goal. And with a fully charged, well- aimed W, the set player can one-shot just about anything, regardless of their resistances, because dealing 4,000 true damage is funny as long as you're the set player. And the dopamine rush they get from this massive W makes the entire game worth it, even if they fell behind early and trolled their build. Because at the very least, the set player got to see a big number on their screen. And the enemy team is probably tilted beyond belief for experiencing it. Though the next time you see your set player building heart steel and wararmmogs with no damage, don't report him just yet because it only takes one good W in a team fight to completely redeem himself. And even when Set is behind in kills and gold, you can't counter true damage, unless of course you dodge his W. But set players choose to ignore this fact, and they'll happily focus their entire build around it. But if you're enjoying this analytical breakdown of the set player's brain, don't forget to leave a like on this video, and feel free to comment down below what champion we need to study next. And if you're worried your champion isn't popular enough to get picked out of the comments, you could always consider becoming a member of the channel because as a member, you gain the ability to suggest and vote on a new champion video every week. And since we just launched these memberships, your odds of getting picked right now are really high. But don't worry, we're still reading every single comment and adding those to polls as well. But now we can get back to set. The fourth region of the set player's brain is the suplex sector. And this part of their brain activates as soon as they hit level six, because now the set player doesn't just have to trade with you. They can actively all in you every time they have their alt. You see, normally set struggles to finish people off if they just run away from it. And the set players hate when people don't just roll over and die. But with this part of their brain, they can take their anchor out even further. You see, when set als you, he literally picks you up and body slams you. And with the extra damage and CC, the set player ensures that you're not going anywhere. See, the set players don't want to play fair. They hate when enemies don't just accept their fate and get punched to death. So, when in doubt, they just pull out their best wrestling moves. And yes, this ultimate ability gives them the damage and the lockdown that they need to kill you. But that's not all it gives them. Set players love the satisfaction of just suplexing the most annoying player on the enemy team. Like when they finally catch up to that annoying Teemo that's been poking them the whole lane phase. And when they finally kill him, it's the most satisfying feeling because it's very personal if the set player does this to you. They're not always just doing it for a kill. They're doing it because they hate you. And set players are very angry people behind their monitors. And playing set is their only relief from their anger. It's actually common for anger management coaches to recommend their clients to just go play set because even if you're not athletic enough to be a professional wrestler, you're at least athletic enough to be a set player. So, when a set player alts you, they're taking out all of their anger from the game and real life onto you. But the set players do have a favorite target to alt. And that leads us into the fifth and final part of the set player's brain. This is the tank toss hub. And this is the part of their brain that wants to al the tankiest, meiest enemy in the team fight. Because when set suplexes somebody, it does damage based on their bonus health. And that damage is dealt to everybody in the splash zone. So this is the part of their brain that flashes like a strobe light when they see a Cho'Gath protecting his team because any moment set is going to grab that Cho'Gath and delete the entire team. And the front line they thought would protect them actually kills them. And this is basically how set players play team fights. They just wait for their moment to al the tankiest person onto everyone. And even if they somehow survive, they're all going to panic and start shooting the set. And then they're just going to feed his other one-shot ability. And by this point, they're all dead. And even if it took an entire game for the set player to become useful to their team, one good alt onto a tank can win the entire game. But to set players, this is more than just damage. It's also just the satisfaction of being able to manhandle the largest creature on the map. And even if the set player is 0 and 10 and does no damage, it really doesn't matter because the enemy team doesn't have to fear the set, they have to fear their own front line landing on them because their health bar alone will one-shot the team. And set players love having this massive payoff even with little effort involved because that is what makes a set player a set player. And that will conclude today's brain study of the psychology of every set player. As always, be sure to thank Renzy for making this video possible and comment below what champion deserves the next brain study. Don't forget to dodge the sets W and subscribe for more knowledge.
