Title: Challenger Orianna Main Guide – Best Build, Runes and Matchups | League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61Z4V5CFJaU

Content:
Hey everyone, Triand here. This is going to be my guide on how to main Oriana. We're going to get straight into it. The way we're going to do this is we are going to split this guide up into three levels and ending it off going over the build and runes at the end of the video. There's going to be timestamps for everything, so feel free to skip around to match where you are currently on your Oriana journey. For level one, this will be you just picking up Oriana for the first time. and we're just going to go over all the abilities and what they do. And we're also going to go over the useful settings you can use to make your Oriana journey a lot easier. For level two, we will be going over all the combos and what your goal will be in the early laning phase. For level three, we're going to be going over lesser known advanced tips and what your goal will be in the midame. Also, we will put the matchup tier list at the end of level three. Okay, so right before we get into the guide, I want to go over three reasons why I think she is one of the best blind picks for mid lane. You can blind pick her every single game and never feel like it was a mistake. During this challenge, every single game we first picked Oriana, and it always worked out, and it never felt like it was a bad idea. So, that is very, very huge. Number two, she fits into a lot of different team comps and has synergy with almost all the medic junglers. So, think Oriana with Nocturn, Le, etc. And number three, she is never banned. I made her all the way to challenger and saw only three bands max if we don't include the stream snipers. This champion is playable every single game, which is huge if you're looking to get a lot of practice in. Hey, welcome to the level one section of the guide. We are going to go over the settings and the abilities in this part. >> Before we go over the abilities, let's go over some useful settings that you should change before you start lane Oriana. So, for the first one, I would highly recommend you turn on clamp cast. So, what this setting will do is let's turn it off first. When you try to use your Q at max distance, like right here, you will continue to walk and you won't stop. This can be a real big issue in the laning phase, especially when you're trying to learn the champion. Whereas, if you turn this on and let's do the same thing. Now, we will just cast and we won't move. So, this is very, very useful. Okay. And now for the second setting, we're going to go to hot keys, go to abilities and summoner spells, and we're going to turn quick cast plus selfcast. We're going to make our E. So that'd be spell three. And we're going to set it right there. What this will do is whenever we push E anywhere on the map, it will always just put the ball on us. So we don't have to hover over our champion to do it. So, if you want to do a quick combo, see how much more clean that is, then have to go like move our mouse over. So, this is a very, very big setting, too. I would also recommend you turn this on. Okay, now going over the abilities. We're going to start with your passive. So, Oriana's passive, the TLDDR of it is your autos will do more damage and every following auto will do increased damage. So, see how it's at 20? Now it's 24. Now it's 28. So, you really want to try to utilize this if possible if the enemies are pushed up towards you. So, if somebody's going towards you, always try to get the auto attacks off. It's very important. Okay? Or the second ability, it's going to be the Q. This is your bread and butter and it's going to be probably one of the highest skill caps for Oriana. The way it works is there's a fixed distance as you can see and the ball will always just move where you hover your mouse. And another thing is when you go through multiple targets, the second target will always get reduced damage. So, as you can see, 8056. So, you really really need to practice this. And I highly recommend you just go into the practice tool and mess around this moving the queue around. and really learning the distance. This is going to be like your bread and butter and you really really have to get good at this. Um, one thing you will notice with your queue is the enemies will try to position the opposite side of you. So, let's say we have the ball right here. They're going to move to the right of it. And what you can do to prevent this is you can either put the ball back on you by walking over to it and picking it up. Or >> you can walk at a distance and it will go automatically on you. Or the third option is you just E. And this will recenter it on you and it allow you to just hit them like that. Another really really important thing about the Q and a really big strength of Oriana is the ball will give you vision of anywhere you have the ball at. So as you can see I have zero vision in this brush. I put the ball in it and there's a enemy in there. And this is very very important. I highly utilize this all the time. So let's say I'm in the side lane, right? And I have no vision of any of these brushes. I always just check the brushes before I go and push out the wave or do anything. And you should always always do this if you're going to walk into any blind brush. Q. Click back and then see if anyone's in it. And then you're good to go. Walk up. Okay, going over the next ability. It's going to be your W. So, this is going to be a lot of your damage and it's also one of your biggest utility spells. So, what it does is it deals a fixed amount of damage and it's going to slow enemies in the circle and it's going to grant every ally movement speed. So, there's two ways you're going to utilize this. If the ball's on yourself, you can use the movement speed to get back to lane. Just pushing W on yourself. Just be very, very careful. This costs a lot of mana, so you might want to only do it like once or twice if you're walking back from lane to get to the CS. >> The other way is you can put it on an ally >> and then you can W and grant them the movement speed. This is very, very useful if they're trying to catch someone. So, if this is the jungler and they're trying to go catch the mid laner or something, put the ball on them and then E or W. >> Okay. And then the other way is you're going to be using it offensively is you're just going to put it the ball on the enemy and then W to reduce their movement speed. And this will allow you to follow up with autos or just go for general poke. A thing about the W too is it's generally easier to hit than the Q. The Q hit box is very, very small, whereas the W's is very, very generous. So, we're going to go over this later, but sometimes you're gonna want to max the W in a lot of these ranged matchups because it's a lot easier to hit it like this than it is to try to hit them with the Q. So, that's another important thing to think about. W has a lot more go into it, too. and we're going to go over some really useful advanced tips in the level three section. Okay. And now for the next ability, it's going to be your E. Whoever the ball is on will get passive armor and magic resist. This is very, very important. So, as you can see, when the ball is not on us, we lose all of our stats. And when it is on us, we gain a significant amount of stats. This also works on allies, too, which is very, very important. So, as you can see, when we put it on our ally now, they get the MR and armor. And this scales per the rank up. >> You do max this last. So, keep that in mind. You don't get most of the stats till later. But, um, we can utilize the E in multiple ways. So, even if you don't want the shield on yourself, just having the ball on yourself will give you the magic resist, and that can be the difference in winning a fight. Same with your jungler. If your jungler's in a fight, even if you don't want to utilize the shield first, just putting it on them will give them the stats that might turn around the fight. So, this is very, very important. And the second part is it actually does damage too. >> So, if the ball is behind someone and then you e them, it will go through them and then deal damage. So, generally the way you do this is let's say we did like a basic combo like QWE and then the ball goes right back to them. This is actually very very important and it's going to be a lot of your damage. So, you want to try to position the ball behind them whenever you go for an E. >> So, you really need to try to learn that, too. The E is also the way you're going to put the ball on all your allies to give them movement speed. So sometimes you don't even need it for the defensive, but you're going to have to put the E on them to give them the movement speed. So the E also has like a lot of utilities, and you really need to practice putting the E on everyone. And if you have the setting on, like I said, um the E will cast every anywhere. You don't have to put on your cursor, but keep in mind if you have an ally next to you and you use this setting, it will try to put the ball on them sometimes. So just keep that in mind. Okay, and now going over your final ability, your ultimate. This is going to be the big thing that really can turn around any game and a really big part of the reason why Orion is so powerful in solo Q. The R has a few things going for it. It's going to knock up every single enemy hit by the shock wave. And the radius is pretty pretty large as you can see by that by that hit box. So, because it's a knockup, um, obviously other champions can follow up like Yasuo can follow up with his R because it's a knockup. And the other part about the R is it's going to pull the enemies in the distance where the ball is. So, this is probably going to be the second biggest skill gap >> ability other than the Q. And you really, really have to get good at this. So, because the ball is to the right of this dummy, when we arm, it gets pushed to the right. So, if you need to chase someone, you would put the ball right in front of them and then R and it pushes them closer to you. >> Or if you want to try to get away, you would put them behind it. R, and then it allows you to get the distance to get away. The hit box on this is very, very large, and you might have to go practice some games to actually get a feel for the hitbox, but it's quite a bit larger than you might think, and it might hit some enemies that you might not know. But this is going to be your game-winning play, honestly. Like, you can literally solo win games off of this. And as you can see, the hitbox is extremely large. It's pretty generous. But the main skill part about this is the distance you want to pull them in. So, generally, you're going to want to pull them into you. So, you really want to go practice this in the practice tool, too, if you haven't used it. Okay. And we will now go into level two. We will now go over the combos and how you should play the early laning phase. Okay. And now going over the combos. Oriana doesn't have too many combos, but I'm going to try to show you the most relevant ones. >> So your bread and butter one, and this is going to be very, very important. You need to learn this one. It's going to be your QWE. And this is going to proc your phase rush also, which is very, very important. So, this is going to be your main way to escape and your main damage combo. Keep in mind, if you don't want to use the phase rush, a lot of the times in the laning phase, you're just going to qw. And if the jungler ends up coming, then you would qew like that and walk away to get the phase rush. You can also qw auto to get the phase rush, which is also very useful if the ball's not behind them. ticks away. >> Okay. And now we're going to go over the main ways you're going to kill people in the lane. So, generally, if they're really, really low and you're ready to R them, you're going to start off by qwing them, which is going to slow them and reduce their movement speed, followed by an R. This will proc your phase rush, and then you're going to chase them down with auto attacks and Q's. This will generally be the main way you kill people. The other way, which is a bit riskier, you're just going to Q R and then push W to reduce their movement speed and then chase them down. Both ways are viable. I tend to Q WR more often because it reduces their movement speed first, allowing you to easier hit the R. Okay, so going into the early laning phase, what I would do is you really want to play for a good first back. So depending on the matchup, there's two ways you want to play it. You're either going to want to shove the wave out while poking again in mana flow stacks with your Q. And keep in mind, every time you hit them with your Q, it gives you double mana regen with the door on ring. So, it's really, really important you hit the Q's and you don't miss it. >> Why are they running? >> The other way is you don't touch the wave at all and you let it shove into you. So, I'll give you some example of matchups you do not want to touch the wave on. Exon, Fizz, Ireelia. You want these lanes to get pushed into you and then you freeze the wave right here >> cuz you really really want to get a good early back. The minimum early back you want to get is first tier if you're going that build or tier plus boots is like the really really good one. So 700 gold plus the refillable if you have enough and then control war too obviously. >> So a major issue with early Oriana is she is extremely extremely weak. So the issue is in most matchups you don't have your E yet so you don't have any armor or magic resist. You have one of the lowest in the game once you get the E rank you are significantly tankier but before that you have to play extremely careful. The second issue is you have zero mana sustain at all. Like your mana is so bad. So that's why I generally try to just Q poke and then sometimes W if it's good. But just for reference, how much this W costs. Let's just say we're doing it like this. QW QW qw. We're already about to be dude. And you see how bad the mana is. That's why I'm saying I generally just try to play for the mana flow stacks with the Q and try to get a crit early back. If you spam the W in the laning phase, you will just go oom instantly and then you have to back with like no gold at all and you can't even lane. So just really try to think about what the matchup is and whether you should try to push, get a good ward out >> or let the wave push into you and then freeze. So again, think Fizz, Exon, Ireelia, the matchups. You do not want to have the m the wave over here. Generally, assassins. Okay, welcome to level three. First, we are going to go over some very useful advanced tips that you might not know. So, going off the first one, when you get the home guard bonus, a lot of the times you're just going to you're going to want to W, right, to get back to lane faster. But if you have the home guard, the way movement speed works is the more you have of it, the less value you get. So, instead of wasting all your mana winging back to lane, cuz it costs quite a bit, right? Wait until the home guard disappears. So I'm just walking back to lane, right? Wait until the home guard fully disappears and then start doing your W. So see now I get a significant more value as compared to when I have the home guard. I'm not getting any value really in comparison. Okay, for our next tip, continuing with the W. Your W actually affects minions too. So I can see 325. And when we push the W on the minions, it gives them 390. This is very, very useful for if you're wanting to end the game fast or you're wanting to push in the minions. I highly utilize this all the time, and I highly recommend you get used to doing this. Always try to walk in front of your minion wave and then pushing W. This will give them a significant speed boost, allowing them to get back to lane or getting to the nexus faster. Okay, for another W tip, if you want to get the maximum speed value, instead of just W on top of you, keep in mind this is going to cost you a lot of mana. So, this is a little bit later in the game. Put the Q in front of you and then W and then you get the full value of the movement speed instead of the half value because you're going to walk over the full circle. This is very, very useful for chasing kills and getting away from someone. So, let's say somebody's chasing me. I'm trying to get away. You would Q first and then W. And this gives you more value. Okay. And for our last tip regarding the W, even if the W doesn't damage anyone, if the enemy walks over the W, it will actually give you a mana flow stack. >> This is very, very niche, but it could come in handy. So, let's say the enemy walked into this W right here, it would actually give you a mana flow stack. It's very similar to Rise's E. Even though it doesn't do any damage, the field gives you the stack. So, this can come into like a very niche situation. Just something you should probably know. Okay, here's a very useful tip regarding your R. If you're wanting to R a target right here, let's say instead of pushing Q and then R, and you can see how slow that is, by the way. The Q travel speed isn't very fast. you can put it on an ally and then immediately R and it's significantly faster. So the fastest way and this is really really good and this is why I say you kind of want a melee jungler is you put the ball on them and then you r immediately after and then push w or something. It is significantly faster than qring and it's really really useful tip. So if your ally is ever near someone, always try to er and then push W. You can always watch for the invade on the raptors. If you play Oriana, this is a very, very big strength. So what I do almost every single game is I will try to max range Q the brush right here >> and then I will walk mid lane. This will prevent them from walking mid and it will prevent them from walking this way into the jungle. And this will allow you to efficiently guard the raptor's ward, which they tend to always want to do. And you might just get a free mana flow stack if they walk up. Okay. And now we are going to get into the build section. >> So we're going to start off with the ability max order first. >> So there's generally going to be two ways you're going to do this. 90% of games you're just going to go QWE and then max the Q >> and then the R. Obviously, >> this is going to be like generally what you're going to do most of the games, but there are some alternative paths. So, if you're in a pretty free lane, what I tend to do is Q, W, and then another pointing Q. This will give you a little bit more strength in the laning phase and then you would follow up level four with the E after. >> Okay. >> And then the other build path would be if you're in a really bad ranged matchup. So like think Sarah Synynra, you can do three points in the W first before you put any points in the Q. And this will help you. And the reason being is it's significantly easier to hit the W than it is the Q. As you can see, the range is way, way bigger. And in these ranged matchups, you're generally not going to be in range to even hit the queue in the first place. So, this is where the three points in the W would be very, very useful. >> But if you just want to default to something, just always max the Q first and then the W. It's very, very good to do it like that. Okay. And next, we are going to go into the item build order. So, I am going to give you three builds. The first one will be the one I would go every single game. It's my recommended build. And then the other two are the alternative builds, which are also very, very viable. Keep in mind the first build I'm going to show you, it might get nerfed in the future, and it might not be viable in the future. So take that into account. But currently, I think I believe this is the most powerful build. So, this build was actually inspired by Faker. I'm not quite sure who invented this build, but Faker at Worlds, if you watch Worlds, want this game, want this build every single game, and there's a really big reason. It is ex is very, very powerful. This is also the build that Riot tried to nerf, but I still think it's completely viable in solo Q. So, the build is going to be first back, you go tier boots. [snorts] Okay. And then after we're going to go rowa. Yes, we're going to be tank Oriana. So generally it's either going to be double Ruby after or catalyst and then you sit on the catalyst and then you go straight row. This will give you a significant amount of tankiness in the laning phase. And a huge huge weakness of Oriana is you have huge mana sustain issues. If you go the tier plus the catalyst, all of your issues will go away. Also, this gives you a significant amount of HP and healing, so you're basically going to be unkillable unless you seriously mess up. And a thing I found is whenever I especially blind pick Oriana, they always pick assassins versus me. >> This will throw so many of the assassins off and a lot of people just will not realize how tanky you are. I'll show some clips of just like the power of this build, but it's actually crazy. And then after the catalyst, we're going to finish the rowa and then we're going to upgrade our boots to tier two. Generally, the only two tier boots you should ever buy are CDR 90% of the time. Or if you're really really need to play safe, you go the merk treads. So, generally though, with how tanky this build is, you just go the CDR boots cuz they cost the cheapest >> and you really like CDR. Okay. And then you're going to follow up by Saraps to finish off your tier. So now you're going to have this giant shield from Saras, all the HP from the healing. >> And then we're going to finish it off by going Leandre's third. this build, you are going to be so tanky in the team fights, no one will ever be able to kill you. It's actually kind of absurd how tanky you are. And you would think like you're not going to do any damage with this build. Wrong. Because you're allowed to just stay in the fights for so long and your base damages are so high. This build I often was topping the damage charts in challenger games more damage than the other builds because I was allowed to stay in the fights for longer periods of times and like build up the Leandre suffering passive at the bottom. So I would very very highly recommend you try out this build and I'm going to show you some other tips of why this build is so broken here in a second. >> Okay, so now I'm going to show you the theory behind why this build is so broken. So, let's run a scenario. It's a 2v2 in the mid lane, right? Jungler mid. Jungler mid. So, generally, they're going to focus the Oriana cuz she's squishier generally. >> But because you have your catalyst, you're going to be significantly tankier. So, now they're going to want to direct the focus to your jungler, right? Well, what if we put the ball on them and now they're tanky also? So, now who are they going to focus realistically? We're both super tanky, right? Cuz now he has the armored magic resist. We have the catalyst. >> So now generally you're just going to win the 2v2s every single time. This is why this build is so broken. And one of the weaknesses generally of Oriana, let's just say we're going like lost chapter, right? We put the ball on our teammate. They have this resistances now. But now we are significantly squishy. We don't have the armor and magic resist cuz the ball's not on us, >> right? And now they're we're just going to get focused down to one shot. But if again if we have the catalyst, who are they realistically going to focus? They're not going to focus the tank Oriana, they're not going to want to focus the guy with the ball on him. So you're most likely just going to win every single 2v2 with this build. It is very, very broken in my opinion. Okay. And now finishing off the row build. After this, you have a few options. If they have magic resist, you're going to go cry bloom. If they don't have magic resist, you usually just go znas or banshees, depending on what the threat is on the enemy team. That is 90% of the time what you're going to build. The game will usually end at this point, but the full build would look something like this. And then cryoom. So, this is going to be the full build generally with this build. And like I said, you will be significantly tankier and you have the scaling aspect of Rod of Ages, so you're probably going to level cap the opponent, too. This build is very, very broken in my opinion. And I and I don't see anybody utilizing it in solo Q. I think it is highly underutilized. >> So, I really want to change that and try to push the row meta. But, uh, now we will go over the other two alternative builds if you do not like this build for some reason or if it got nerfed. Okay, so now for the alternative build paths. I am going to go over the other build I would go. It would be tier start with the boots just like before, but this time we're just going to go straight into the seraps. And then after the seraps, we're going to rush our boots. Usually CDR again or marks if you need it. And then after this, you have two options. If you really just want to go pure damage and you're never going to get focused ever, just go Horizon. It will give you a significant amount of CDR and allow you to get a lot of uptime. You got to be a little bit careful though. You you might run out of mana even with the seraphs. Oriana is extremely mana hungry, so you got to be careful about that. >> The other build is Leandre with this and now you'll be significantly tankier. Or you can do some combination where you guys combine the boat like this. So you either buy the Leandre first if you need it or the Fry first and then the Leandre's depending on which one you go. It doesn't really matter. Third item or third or fourth and fifth are always going to be kind of the same. It's going to be Zas if you need it defensive or Banshees the alternative or if they're stacking MR you go Cry Bloom. And then the finished build would look something like uh this. So, this is going to be the second build order I recommend for you. >> Okay. And now going into the last build. This one is going to be if you think the game is going to be super super fast and it's not going to go late at all and you just have to have the early spike for some reason. I generally never found I ever needed the early spike and I generally prefer the tier. >> There is a huge issue if you go this build. So, the build is going to be Blackfire. um you will have significant mana issues if you don't go like presence of mind or something which I generally don't recommend you go. So you have to be very mindful of your mana >> if you don't get the blue buff >> and you're probably going to have to back more often or you're going to have to like not be able to use your W to get movement speed. So you're going to have to give up on some utility. So it would be blackfire though and then CDR boots. You can also rush the CDR boots which is really really good with this build. >> And then you go blackfire. And then second, it's basically just horizon focus. And then it's the same idea as before. It's going to be do you need the defensive from zas or banshees? Do you need the grip bloom because they're stack MR >> or do you just want to be a little bit more tanky and do a lot of damage to go Leandre's. So this finished build would look something like this and then cry bloom. And then final is either a second defensive item like Banshees or Leandre. So this would be the third recommended build I'd do. Okay, this is going to be the rune section of the guide. So, I'm going to recommend you two rune pages. You can go every single game. And then I'm also going to give you some alternative paths if you don't like these rune pages for some reason. So, I would go this as your primary default every single game. And then if your versus an assassin or a bad matchup, so think Xan, Fizz, Leblanc, Ireelia, go to the resolve tree, go bone plating overgrowth. You can go these two rune pages every single game and you will find a lot of success. That's what I do personally. If you want to exchange also the resolve, you can go second wind overgrowth if it's like a zerith or something, but you can honestly even just go bone plating and it's completely viable. And for some alternatives, um you can go airy with the same rune page. You can go comet if you really want if it's a long range thing that you can only get the poke off every once in a while. And a really niche one you can go is they do this sometimes on Korea. You can go cosmic and you would go this typically versus Azir where your flash timer is very very valuable. So this is definitely another viable path I would go. Um anything else I generally probably wouldn't recommend and these would be like the main room pages I could go. You could also go some like scaling thing like this, but uh cut down is generally just always better. Okay. And now going into the matchup tier list, I would say generally this is pretty accurate of how your matches are going to go. Anything in the hard tier you should definitely consider banning. I personally ban Yasuo because on my server NA there are multiple Yasua one tricks, so it makes the most sense for me. But feel free to ban any of these. They're all very, very good bands. Um, I'm not going to go into every single champion if you would like that. I can make a separate video going into what I think you should build and how you should play the laning phase. Um, keep in mind also the build you go is going to change how the matchups go significantly. So, Zerith might be horrible, but if you go like row of sustain, it's going to be significantly easier. So keep that in mind too. Okay, and that is going to be the end of the guide. Thank you everyone for watching. If you want to come hang out, we are usually live. And also a little bit of background, we were originally a two trick Rise and Synindra player, but now we are probably going to be a three trick with Oriana. Um, I think this champion is very, very powerful, and I think if you follow the tips I gave in this video, you will also find success. So, thank you for watching. Bye.
