Title: How to Play WUKONG JUNGLE and CARRY GAMES
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_J8UzHvNWc

Content:
Anyway, boys, we're playing a game of monkey, okay? We're going to get the breath. The breath monkey is really good. I mean, it buffs 5% the uh E. They buff from 3.25 seconds to 4 seconds on W and extra damage on the W, which is really, really insane. Because this champion always struggled with like the clear, and if the clear on this champion is good, you would you would even see this champion being picked in pro play 24/7 because it's just that OP in team fights. It's literally If If I'm not mistaken, correct me if I'm wrong, it is the most OP bruiser in team fights. I can't think of any other bruiser besides Xin Zhao that's as OP as Wukong. This champion is literally Z tier in team fights. Like Like literally. It creates so much space. It has a lot of damage, and it's actually low-key tanky as well because it gives you armor. But yeah, my bot lane getting double killed, classic, guys. But, when you play Wukong, it it doesn't matter because you clap them giga hard. You see my bot lane getting double killed? Doesn't matter. I'm just going to continue my full clear. And I'm going to smite my gromp. Why am I smiting my gromp? Because I want my camps to be respawning as soon as possible together. That's why I'm skipping my blue buff as well. And now I'm going to do my blue buff. Bro, my clear is actually really nice. Before Wukong, I think I wouldn't be able to make it on the crab. Now, I actually make it quite easily, actually. Which is hella nice because look at what what I'm doing right now, right? Instead of going for the crab instantly, I'm going through the bottom lane. Why is that? I'm making sure my bottom lane has the push here. You see here, I'm not going for crab cuz I know there's going to be a fight here. The real question is, do we beat them? We do. Got them, boys. But yeah, one thing I really want to highlight is that I don't go for the crab knowing that if Shyvana goes bottom side, right? I need to be there because whichever lane has priority gets the crab. Luckily, Shyvana went into top side and he's getting his ass blasted. So, that's great. Now, I'm going to base. I'm going to clear top to bottom. I'm just going to buy this. Now, boys. What's the play here? I'm going to full clear top to bottom and I know for a fact that the Shyvana is going back into bottom side. Knowing Shyvana is going back into bottom side and I see this bottom wave, my bottom lane is officially [ __ ] >> [screaming] >> But even if they're [ __ ] at least you can still communicate how [ __ ] they are. >> [laughter] >> I mean, I'm just pinging them, you know what? Enemy jungler the Raven is screwed, but at least please don't die to the enemy jungler. I'm okay if you're [ __ ] but just just don't die to the enemy jungler, please. Like that that's all. Like by now, probably the enemy jungler has left. So, at least they're not feeding the Shyvana. That is all I want. Please don't feed them. Like as long as I get double killed, I don't mind. Just don't feed the enemy jungler. But now, do you see this wave here? Shyvana right now should be pathing towards the top side. Why? But how is the wave this bad? Are they just pushing it or what? What? They're not last hitting properly. Anyway, I can look for lane gank here. I'm going to check if this bush is warded here. And I'm going to lane gank and help them. Bro, you can't be serious. Never settle for second. I I I don't mean this, by the way. Maybe if I get level six. I got this. Monkey slap! Guys, this fight you get level six and you're like Anyway, they did not expect the level six Wukong, but level six Wukong, the most broken champion in the game. Literally. And buddy, most people here would do the drake. Let's say I can do the drake here. Why is doing the drake bad here? Why is it that? You see my setup is spinning? Do the drake is really good. It's really [ __ ] trash. Don't do that. Why is it trash? Me taking the drake, okay, literally is going to take me 30 seconds. It's 20 times better to respond your own camps. Why is that? One, so they respond, so I'm not waiting like 40, 50 seconds. Two, that way I have better tempo which allows me to help my bot lane. So let's say that I would have done the Drake there I would not have been available to help my laners at all because I'm down tempo. And because now okay honestly here I do think Okay, I know Shyvana might be top side but I'm going to cook Cilawi. Look at my clicks I'm kicking behind him. Okay, now I'm going to base here. Why am I basing here? I think I got my item bars back. Yep, I do. Okay. I got my item bars back here. I got my ultimate in 20 seconds. Now let me ask you the following question. How do you think the enemy bot lane is going to play? Do you think the Draven wants to shove his big fat into the my bot lane? Do you know what I want to say, right? Yes, they do. Because I know they really want to do that. I'm going to sprint there as soon as as soon as possible knowing that they're going to fight like donkeys. They're now backing off. So now I just farm. They're going to stay I will kill them. Yeah, now I'm going to full clear my camps here or most of them if I can and then I look for a play here. I'm I'm wondering if I mean as long as they're fine here for now that is big. But the thing is that if I'm bot lane we will hard stomp them in fights. So now because I'm looking jobless and yes I know Drake is up. I'm going to hover bot lane here and I'm going to clap the pantheon's booty. Show me the path. Oh, there's a ward during then. Okay, I'll have to wait a bit. Okay, no ward here. Okay, I I saw a guy coming. Oh, look at the Wukong damage. And now, I'll do the drake. Because Okay, you might be wondering, "Curry, now aren't your top side camps spawning again?" Yes, but now it's 9 minutes into the game. In the early game, it's much more important, but around 8 to 9 minutes, it's fine. All good. Okay, I don't have smite, so it becomes a bit awkward. But should be all good. Cuz now as well, I have my Trinity Force, right? Two camps aren't as valuable. Okay, now my ultimate is coming back in 89 seconds. Um Okay, I have no ultimate, but I'm like just hovering here. Seeing what I can do. Bro, Shyvana damage balanced. Okay. And of course as well, I do take drake faster after minute 8 9 cuz I have Trinity Force, right? So yes, it does not take me three business days to do a drake. Anyways, ladies and gentlemen, now um it it But I just want to note, the fact hasn't changed that my mid lane's getting hump like no tomorrow. And that my mid laner is 36 down as well, and he's losing. That has not changed yet, okay? But the beautiful part now is that I hope my top side camps are up. I'm going to clear top to bot. And I have one job. Jungle track. And one thing about Wukong combo, um I think it's better if you write it down so you can guys can take notes. But it's like Hold up. I'll tell you soon in the chat. So you guys make a screenshot of it. But let's say I have ultimate and my Wukong combo is the following. E alt tech Q R alt tech Um the [ __ ] I actually don't remember exactly when I write it down. Like I know it instinctively because I've done it 20,000 times. Like walking and thinking about my combo is a bit more difficult. Let's see if I can show you soon. Okay, you can as well play this slow motion and see my combo. I'm in here after cover obviously mid lane. But it's E Q R W alt tech Q R You can write it down. It really depends on if you're team fighting or hold up. Okay, I got my ultimate. Okay, I'm I'm I'm really strong honestly, but Okay, I'm really strong as you can see. Okay, the thing with Wukong is that if you have your ultimate, you don't lose fights. You are legit Thanos. Anyway, I'm going to clear top to bot here, boys. Because I'm clearing top to bot obviously and Hold up. My top lane is Wait. Wait. How is my top lane level eight, guys? Chat. How is enemy top lane level eight? How is my top lane level 11 11 and with the same CS? Wait, how is that possible? Eh? Eh? What? What is that? How is it possible? That is Huh? Wait. Three level difference. What the hell? Anyway, um forget that. I got my ultimate coming in 20 seconds. So, the moment after ultimate, I'm I'm sending it on the mid lane. I'm pretty sure I can one v two them even with my ultimate. I got to clarify that. So, here I'm trying to not show myself. It's 10 seconds left. Oh, wait. My ping is Oh, wait. My silence will be in. Okay, I don't have to ult here, guys. Just so you guys know. This guy is just dead on my screen. When you don't have to ult, don't pressure ult for obvious reasons. So, Drake is spawning in 1 minute. One advice I have for you, let's say I can kill someone right now, okay? And my ult is 80 second cool down. Don't kill someone right now. Just try to kill someone right before the objective so you can secure the objective. Yeah, don't ask me why he has Hextech Gunblade, but um you know. And now as well, of course, it's 30 seconds before the objective, right? And since I have my second item power spike, I'm going to look to base and get my second item power spike. And because enemy team does a lot of physical damage, I'm going to go Tabis. So, look. Especially 20 seconds before the objective, you want to pay extra attention to your lane and not dying. You see how my Miss Fortune is walking up? Please don't do that, bro. Don't do that. You see my Seraphine in base? Knowing my surfing in base after Wait, please Misfortune, don't don't do that, bro. You're not a jungler. [ __ ] I didn't reach him. No way, I don't reach him. Poppy's coming. Okay, we got the drake here. But yeah, um I'm not going to lie, guys. My champion is really not balanced, by the way. I'm telling you guys, it's it's it's really not balanced. And you cannot tell me otherwise. Anyway, let me going to take this drake here. Now, after we take this drake, okay, what's the next objective on the menu? The rift herald is up. My top side camps are up. I'm going to get my tabbies. After I get my tabbies, I can go death stance, and then good luck to the enemy team. It's fine, guys. I have an ultimate. Ultimate hunter doing some magic. Mhm. >> Okay, I don't have my spells here. Make him a monkey slap them. Okay. Um, what is the next on the menu, boys? What is the next thing on the menu? Okay, it's slapping the Illaoi, I guess. It's slapping the Illaoi. Anyway, what is next on the menu? Um, I have 1.2k gold. I have ultimate in 25 seconds. I think that considering that Okay. While I have 1.2k gold, I need you to understand one thing. Even if I don't look to base right now, I'm still super OP. So, my plan is the following. I am just going to full clear all my camps. And if I see any kill opportunities, I'll go for it. How do I know where are kill opportunities? If I fight around the Draven, it's impossible for me to lose. Why is that? I have tabbies. I'm playing Wukong, very good against AD champions. So, yes, I have a lot of gold to base from, but let's say this Draven here is What's my What's my team doing, by the way? Yeah, let's say the Draven is like walking up and he's like hitting tower or whatsoever, I can punish him anytime. >> [laughter] >> So, I'm not too concerned about my base timer because I'm still strong enough to win fights even without it. Let's say that I cannot win a fight without my base. I would have based. Yeah, right now I think I'm strong enough to like win any fight really. Which includes this one. Here I don't even have my ultimate. >> [screaming] >> Okay, but Akali came Okay, if Akali wasn't here, I would have [ __ ] him up. I would have [ __ ] him up there. I I'm telling you if I actually had my W there in that fight, it would not even be close at all. But the problem is that um Akali came and you know um because Akali was there, he kind of you know clip my booty. So, the problem there is not that I lost the fight there. I just got outnumbered. I remember what I said before if I fight with Draven. I never said fighting Akali, Shyvana, and the Pantheon. I never said that, guys. It's two different things, okay? And even though I gave a little kill to the enemy team, it doesn't matter because next fight I'll have my W available, and then good luck to enemy team. I'm going to hide here a bit so my Seraphine can ult him. Never mind. Okay, God knows what my team is doing now, but all good. Uh one tip as well on Wukong, I would not recommend you to use your W to get close if you don't have to. Because using your W in a team fight is so much more important. It's It's very OP to have your W in a team fight. Uh wait. Hold up. I have a random long sword. That's just fine. The enemy team might be around here, so I should be slightly careful. I need like 300 gold for my item bar spike. So, I'm just going to farm up here. And the thing here is that Drake is spawning in 30 seconds, okay? Especially 30 seconds right before the objective. Pay extra attention to your laners. And yes, I do want to fight it. Been waiting for this. Um Okay, I guess my team does not want to fight it, sadly. Okay, do I take this fight here? Three before? Okay, this is usually what people do. They go for three before and they lose. I should not be doing that. Unless my Silas joins. >> [groaning] [screaming] >> Okay, not the worst. >> [screaming] >> Um okay. I got my best answer base, but this game is hard cuz my laners are very interesting. But that's what makes League of Legends lovely. We're going to bomb them like crazy. Okay, who's that? All right, he got me. But I'm out of here. Okay, I mean with ultimate I can fight without ultimate I don't fight. Very simple, right? Ult fight, no ult, no fight. No ult, goodbye. I'll come back in like 5 seconds. I want to wait for the vision to disappear. Now I'm back for round two of lobby. He's probably going to try to pick up my soul. I dodge that. And now he's dead. And now obviously um I have a lot of gold so I do need to base. Good, nice try. Okay, 3.4k gold guys, it's time to base. And after I get my death stance, what am I buying next? So I think after I have this bad boy, I'm Nautilus but I think I'm going to go Black Cleaver next. Why Black Cleaver? It's because enemy team is taking some armor. So I literally have to lose in top lane, lose in bot lane, that's gig losing. And mid lane is doing all right, I guess. But I agree but but the ultimate hunter is like very OP. At the moment though, the baron's up. Do you see how like right now I could do my golems but I'm not doing my golems. This is really OP. Why am I not doing my golems? If anyone is overextending mid lane, I kill them. If anyone is fighting top lane, I can help. See a fight happened. >> [screaming] >> Kill this guy. And now Shyvana is dead as well. >> Yeah, I'm going to place my clone here and I don't think he can kill me. But do you see like me skipping my golems? There's always going to be random fight. Even if there was no random fight on the top lane, I would have been maybe able to just make a pick on them. So, especially when Baron is is up, okay? Instead of going towards the golems, look at which wave you want to be there at and then join the gangster. In mid game, it's like a zoo. It's like animals unleashed. You really want to join your teammates when you go for a zoo fight. Wait, hold up. Is this guy trying to take my bot side? >> [snorts] >> Anyways, Drake spawning 120. How can I snowball this Baron with the monkey? So, it's the same principle, right? Which wave would I like to pressure? So, you see my misfortune on top lane? It's very far away. Uh hold up. Can I kill the Okay, killing Akali is pretty difficult because he has 30,000 dashes, but I can force his ultimate at least. And that's my goal, basically. Force his ultimate. So, I can kill him. And now, as I'm pushing the bot lane here, right? I just got to ping my laners like to back off. Cuz Shyvana might maybe collapse onto them. And I'm getting free bot lane push here. There he is. I'm in here, of course, I just pray they survive, but it seems like they're fine, so we good. The thing with Wukong is that if you actually, you know, play side lane and you're split pushing, the best thing you can do is just being in the back. I just split push like this. But I Oh my god, bro. My my monkey damage uh I mean, Wukong is well such a good split pusher. I got so much gold from pushing this. And now, of course, um the drake is up, so I will be taking the drake, but before I go for drake, if I see Draven go for another wave, I can kill him. Akali is mid lane. Shyvana was dead. They're not coming. Wait, I'm impressed. I guess I'll do the drake. >> [laughter] >> I mean, my ultimate is like so low cool down that I can just use my ultimate for the drake, you know. It doesn't matter. Okay, you see this fight here? I'm joining it. Why is that? Because right now, this is the only timer where I think they can die. So, if I join them here, and they're allowed to go donkey, that is big. And now, of course, my ult is coming in 10 seconds. Yorick is taking free top tower. So, just back off here. I ping them back. I ping top tower. I'm not going to help him hit top tower, you know why? Because I have my iron bars back very soon. Yeah, Wukong in team fights, I ain't losing. It's It's not possible. I do so much damage. I tried to jump on him, but Cuz I can always just jump on him and then EQ out. Or does he just jump to me instead? Okay, it's quite a [ __ ] show. Yeah, I I'm just going to jump in and think. The thing is you don't have to take a risk when you're this far ahead, but okay, now Shyvana went in which means I can just go on the backline. I start spinning and they hate me. Hold up. Monkey slap. And now this ends the game. Yeah, you can see Wukong I get so much armor as well from my passive. It's it's ridiculous. See my monkey even bro, 4 seconds monkey. Okay, um Okay, I'm out of here though. I mean I'm thinking what can I cook with my last item? I know Sterak's is nice, but it has to be a nice item though. Oh my god, Randuin's that's actually toxic. I have to buy this. Okay. 4K HP Wukong with red pot level 18. Bro. I'm going to clear my camps here and you see this midlane wave, okay? This midlane wave right here I'm going to rush there because if there's any fight, I'm there. You see there's instantly a fight. Like my teammates see someone on the screen, the first thing they do is they fight. How crazy is that? Bro, holy [ __ ] I'm so OP. I mean, I died there, but I was dealing some correct damage there. I generally think even Spirit Visage would have been not too bad. But I think this is fine, though. Anyways, um I did die there, but that fight was in the first place not really favorable because we got outnumbered there. Hunger, I mean, maybe the hunger item would have been definitely saving me there, actually. Um Okay, my teammates are trolling now a bit, but it should be fine, actually. You know what? I have another gold to just restock. All good, guys. The Soul Drake is spawning in like 1 minute. Obviously, we should play for that. So, I'm going to Okay, look, it's 50 seconds before the soul boys. 50 seconds for an objective, people love inting. What do we have to do as a jungler? Bring them back. This is the only timer they will die. So, me taking more camps here as well is not useful. Because this happens. Like not just my laners, the enemy laners, they go full ooga booga, too. Look at this [ __ ] You cannot tell me it's scripted that people want to fight perma on repeat. It's It's people go perma ooga booga. I'm wondering if this guy actually even does damage to me. I don't think he does. Oh my god, never mind. Okay, honestly I was there just like egoing on enemy team low-key. I had my ultimate. I didn't use it cuz I was like, "You know what?" Illaoi is useless because I see an ecstasy golem on Illaoi and my brain can't accept that it's useful. So this is actually me just trolling it. Not like Not like trolling, right? But I would more say like underestimating the enemy champions. You might want to run away, Yorick. Okay. Okay, I mean, you know. No problem. Okay, one last fight. The thing is that actually I'm super far ahead, but it hasn't changed the fact that my AD carry is 16 deaths. As long as we take a five to five, it's not loseable. Right now two of my lanes are dead. Okay. Okay, it's really good they killed the Draven. I think Illaoi is pretty OP for me, so Okay, Illaoi is Illaoi, guys. Illaoi still [ __ ] me in the ass. Um anyway, I have my ultimate available. Um, let me see what I want to do here. I think we push bot lane. But the thing is I'm going to match my base with Miss Fortune. Do you see how my Miss Fortune is respawning 5 seconds? I got to be here perfectly together. The funny thing is the game is losable, yeah. But my job in team fight is to one-shot the Draven. And then hope and pray to lords my laners are not dying. We are getting outnumbered here, so we should not fight. You see Miss Fortune in base. I got to wait for my laners. I'm literally homeless right now. I just got to wait for my laners. I might as well take red buff here. But the thing is this game I will not lose as long as I count numbers properly and ping my teammates to not in. Do you see Miss Fortune? Got to ping her to back off there. Oh, my Okay, the monkey last one more second. Now, this is Okay, you see here? We should not fight here. Why is that? Silas is top lane. So, they have numbers. So, now I'm pinging my York to play safe. And you see I'm just playing with numbers. I'm playing the game smart. Taking fights I can win. I think trying to flank. >> Put me to the test. Okay, my Yorick was split pushing mid lane. We took a four or five, but we got the bread. And that is GG. Well played. It was a bit of a [ __ ] show in the mid to late game, but that's just me kind of, you know, playing a bit cocky, but yeah.
