Title: TOP'SAI FULL COMMENTARY TO HELP YOU CLIMB
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lUQWxROoOjU

Content:
Yo, what's up, guys? It's QX back with another game review and we actually have a top lane game this time. Uh we're fighting a Mundo match up, which is actually a very, very good match up. You would highly prefer Mundo. Um the only thing that's kind of bad about this match up is he can actually farm fairly safely in like a neutral scenario without like it's kind of hard for you to to engage him sometimes whenever he has passive up and he has his Q constantly hitting the wave. It kind of keeps it in a in a spot that's favorable for him but he can kind of kind of stay back. Like where this wave state is right here, he can stay back really far. So, especially like level three and on, you have a really great time in this match up up until he gets about two items. So, you really want to play aggressive here. That's why we take the the D blade, we go the conquer, we go the ignite. I'm just looking to kill him. I'm trying to kill him level three, three, four, you know, six, whatever. Uh because it's going to take a good while before he can actually match me. Uh so, >> [clears throat] >> we're trying to kind of let it bounce back into us a little bit. Uh that's why we crash so far so fast, really. We did dodge that Q and then get the cannon, which is good. Uh now we're kind of looking for an angle here. We go in, we get the passive off. We aren't able to take it off but since he walked up that lets us re-burrow getting a bunch of damage on him. Now he's like really chunked out. And our sustain early game is significantly better than a Mundo's, of course. So, we kind of just chill. We're kind of just waiting. We're looking for our next engage. Try not to get by any Qs in this scenario because they actually do kind of chunk. Uh we do see Karthus on the bot side. Our jungler is also on the bot side. So, we are completely free to make any play. I really don't need a ward here. I kind of just did this out of habit. This is kind of a bad ward. I already saw the Karthus, but I might may have not noticed when I I was actually playing the game because it was only for a brief moment. But, I get to level four, I go in, and I'm like barely out of out of range, and I get attacked by that Q. It's really really bad. I'm like, "Fuck." So, now he's going to recall. He's going to, you know, TP back. And this kind of sucks. The only good thing is if he TPs on the wave, then we can get a free semi engage, right, without using tunnel. And we already have a tunnel set up behind and at the bush. So, we have a lot of options right now. So, I'm trying to thin the wave just a little bit before I fight. And then I go and make sure to pick up the passive cuz it actually does heal him a good bit. And then now, like, okay, yeah, we're really low, but we got our passives up, and he's half HP, and we have ignite and D blade. So, we're actually in a really nice scenario. Dodging that Q lets us actually get a kill here. We E, we try to flash and kill. But, we just don't do no damage on the last auto. And now we're in an awkward scenario where we don't know where Karthus is. But, he walks into us anyway, so it doesn't really matter. And then we see that Karthus he was actually walking. And we just back up. All the Mundo had to do there was just back up and just keep poking with Qs, and he would have been completely fine. And probably the Karthus would have killed us. But, here, yeah, the Karthus wants to hold the wave because, you know, Mundo no TP, and my goated Zac goes in. And we clean up the Karthus. And we both emote, by the way. That was great. And I barely lived, too. He's like, "Hey, we should push. We should push." I'm like, "Yeah, you're right." So, go in, we push the wave. But, hey, look, Mundo's here now because it's been so long. And we're We want to do the same thing to the Mundo, but it's kind of an awkward scenario cuz I like I'm really low. This guy could Q E me, and I should die. So, I'm just I really don't want to go in right now. I do and I don't. The reason I want to go in is because it's just such a free kill, but I feel like I'm going to bait myself. So, I just decided, "You know what? It's just too awkward. I'm going to back up. It's not It's not worth it." But, I see him pushing up my man. I really can't kill. He has no passive. I have uh R uh and I have the potion, right? So, I combo fast here, and boom, we kill. Okay? Easy enough. Very, very hectic early game. A lot of things going on already in this early game. Um And then, we shove in the wave, and we get to recall. So, here a lot of times versus Mundo, if you have a lot of gold to spare, what you want to do is you want to get executioner's, and you want to get um you want to get uh more AD on top of that, too. So, here I'm thinking, "Okay, giant spell, so I don't get chunked, right?" Then, another long sword, and then, boom. So, now I have a bunch of AD. I have executioner's, right? And I have a good amount of HP, and this makes me a very, very big threat. And on top of that, we are a full level up on XP, and he is like what? A thousand gold down or something like that? No, even more than that. Like, 1,300, 1,400 gold down. But, anyways, here, the wave's pushing into us, which is a great scenario. We just let it push for a little bit. We just use bite on the wave. If I can, you know, I can bite in time, and I have a rush time of old man. And then, I get hit by the Q there cuz a video dies. But, yeah, we just wait for it to push into us, and then, we're going to look for another engage. See how we're level seven, and he just hit level six with that minion, and I still have these five minions to kill, too. So, I am completely a full level, actually even more ahead of him. But, here, we are in a scenario where we can look into to go in. Okay, we tunnel in. Try to pick up the the casket or whatever it's called. But, we don't, but every time the Mundo steps back to pick it up because it lands in awkward spot for him. It allows us to get a a free knock up and a free barrel queue and a free auto. So even though he picks it up and yes it lowers the cool down. The cool down is so long in the early game that's really just a good thing for us overall. So we we look at this play down here. I'm like okay, I got to help. The thresh is here but I'm able to secure for Anivia and then we're playing for the thresh but then then the Karthus R's and that's kind of awkward cuz Mundo is already walking down. But we know the guy doesn't have R and it's okay. Now with a fourth person being here it's really not really feasible for me cuz I have no R, no flash, no ignite, no nothing. Like I don't have anything to help the Anivia and she's in a I just couldn't help. So I just have to walk back to my wave. Then I realize like oh man. My wave is like basically going to push in itself so I might as well just leave. It's kind of an awkward awkward situation with my wave that we us roaming made us lose like probably 10 minions for not really too much since it was like a a two for two. Wasn't really the best. But it's okay because then we are going to going to get in the scenario where it bounces back again so it's fine. So [clears throat] yeah of course we're going Titanic first and we can round it out with a mortal reminder which will help us a lot you cutting down the healing, have the armor penetration. I've been really liking crit lately and you know LDR, mortal. I don't know why I've been sleeping on these items guys. I I really don't know. Uh Rex I kitten he's in the discord and he um He is also streaming on Twitch a lot. He was telling me about mortal reminder and I was like man like I really don't know and then I've been trying it and just loving it. So, that and you know, cutting healing is nice and you know, building uh what's it called? The the bruiser version of it is that item just sucks. I hate building that item. I never do. A lot of times I'll have executioners and then I'll like have executioners and just sit on it till my very last item and then I it's just like, "Oh, this item sucks so much. I don't even want to build it." Uh here, whenever I'm fighting, yes, I'm really low. I could have ulted there though and I really don't know why I didn't ult here. I was really scared. I had so much more I had so much damage, enough damage to actually kill him, but I was just too scared to to um ult. All I had to do, even in in that scenario, if I were to die in uh in one tower shot, it would have been okay because I just ulted and then flash away because I could ult and then as soon as I land from the ult, he was going to die and then I immediately flash. I have a a few clips where I've done that and it's not it's really not that hard to replicate. So, I don't know why I didn't. But, it's okay. [clears throat] We popped his ult, we didn't use anything, but if we're going to kill him, we're probably going to need to do something uh like flash or ignite or something like that. We do see the Karthus, which we know for sure we can one tap this guy. So, trying to look for an angle to pressure, but I also want to pressure the Mundo at the same time. So, I kind of just give up on that cuz I am a little scared of I don't I didn't know if they would be able to both kill me, you know. Um I I don't know why I was playing so scared here, to be honest. >> [cough] >> But, here like I kind of see an angle. I go in for it. Ignite to reduce the W healing and then just walk away. So, in the end it is kind of worth it because we did trade his flash for my ignite, which is infinitely better than me just flashing for a kill. So, it is fine. I do tell a leader. That was quite the misclick. I can't even lie. But, yeah, get the couple plates and then get the [ __ ] out of here and get our Titanic and start working. >> [snorts] >> We probably build I think I built Swifties. I probably built Swifties, I would assume. Swifties or Marks, one of the two. But, a lot of times versus Mundo's are really like Swifties. We'll see what I build. Okay, we'll see later in the game. I thought I I thought I had more gold after Titanic, but I guess not. But, yeah, we see I mean, you see we have a like a very big uh >> [clears throat] >> gold difference between me and him right now. I think he has like a giant spell to Ruby and uh the Doran's Helm. And so, we're we're in an amazing spot. Okay. No, he has Bramble. I'm sorry. Okay. So, now we want him to fight. So, we're like, "Okay, like, you know, I know you want to see us. Like, come on, walk up, fight me." But, if a Mundo plays this right, which this guy didn't play this particular part of the lane right, he's supposed to just sit back and farm with Q. That's it. But, for some reason, he's like, "Oh, I'm just going to farm with my E and just see how that goes." And then he gets chunked out. So, you know, his only way of playing the game is uh standing back and queuing. So, we go in for that for that combo, but we unfortunately do not kill. I was a little overconfident in my damage. We're looking for another, and then oh [ __ ] Karthus here. We we notice by the tremor sense. Back up, back up, back up. And then, oh [ __ ] [ __ ] Swain's here. Everybody and their mother wants us. So, it's okay. >> [clears throat] >> Should have been a little more careful and set up more tons behind me. I was being very very confident in myself here. And you know, if it was just Wayne showed up, I can kill the Mundo and get away. Or if just the Karthus showed up, I you know, I could uh either get away or do the same thing, right? But they're both there and I just can't deal with all of that at the same time. Especially being that that pushed up that far, it's really hard for me to get away. But my team, as you can see on the map, they're actually collapsing right now, which is really really nice. So my team is punishing this really ballsy invade, by the way. Uh I don't know what's up with that. I [clears throat] did TP to help with the Mundo, cuz I thought they're going to go for the Karthus, but they really didn't even need me. So ju- this just lets me get a push going. Get a push and get some plates and maybe get uh get a proxy going as well. Yeah. A lot of times, it's really better to use Titanic on the wave, by the way, instead of going on the tower. Because the I think it's like triple the damage or double the damage on the uh Titanic auto. It's a double the damage on the cleave part, not the auto on the the target. So you actually really really really like the AoE part. So it really helps you clear waves super fast. That's why I like a lot of those clips where you see me like doing like a Titanic combo and there's someone standing behind and they also get chunked out. It's because that Titanic cleave just does so much damage. Specifically on the active. Here, I actually make a really big blunder by dying to the Mundo here. And I'll I'll tell you what I did wrong is I took an extended I I took an extended trade versus a Mundo that had bramble vest. He had ult, I did not ult and I was taking I'm sorry, I did not ignite. And uh I was taking damage from a whole minion wave and I didn't dodge a single queue. I got hit by every single queue. So, I was just like doomed to lose that fight. So, yeah. Uh Rek'Sai really is not good at long trades. So, doing that kind of stuff is only only really good whenever you're like super super ahead and you and sometimes you have to play it well still as you see in that scenario. Even though I was ahead, I had ignite, but I didn't use it. Um you know, I still I still lost. So, it's fine though. We try and chase down the Mundo, but you know, he's just going to queue us on repeat. Even if I knock him up here, it's not going to matter. Because he's still going to get away. We're we're not going to be able to kill. It's okay though. We can pressure for the tower instead. We see them playing on the other side of the map. We snipe this guy so he gets stuck and maybe maybe we can get something off of this, right? See how the Titanic does so much damage to the back way back line there? Okay. So, I'm looking. I'm like, "Okay, this turret has the crystal on it." I'm just going to walk up and he completely disrespects me. I'm able to get that off and just like dive him and he dies. He flashes, but he's already dead. So, I just get away with it. Scott free. I get the tower, I get his flash, and I get a kill all all in one go. So, it's not bad at all. Uh we should be really close to I think we have Mortal right here. Yeah, we do. I'm still kind of getting used to that item. He's like a lot of times when I have Titanic, like I like I can see the components I have and I just know the amount of gold I need. But with Mortal, I don't really know that yet or LDR, I don't really know that yet. It's like a little still a little awkward in that sense cuz I haven't played it enough to know ingrained in my head. Anyways, we're just kind of whamming on the side works we see two bot. We know Karthus can't match. We know Mundo can match. They both have to be here and the Swain's dead. So, I know they would both have to be here and even then I would live. Then I'm like, "Oh, shit." Well, look at that. Mundo TP bot or he walked bot, one of the two. I think he I had a feeling he TP'd. Yeah, I pinged TP, but honestly looking back I'm really not sure. But yeah, we get pulled by the Swain. It It really doesn't matter at all. We have a [ __ ] ton of tunnel set up behind us. Uh this is a fight we never ever ever want to take because he probably has our Uh we didn't have flash. We didn't have ignite and we're low as hell and we have a lot of gold. >> [clears throat] >> So, we just back up. Uh get our motor reminder. Yeah, what boots are we going? Merc treads, okay. Yeah, a lot of times I do like going swifties with crit and also swifties versus Mundo. So, I I I couldn't remember which uh boot I had I had built specifically. I couldn't remember, but yeah. I'm trying Shojin as well here. Uh the reason for that is because a lot of times versus tanks, I felt like if I went crit versus tanks, it kind of sucked. Like I felt like crit was like way better versus squishier champions or or bruiser bruiser champs. Like if you go LDR, it's like really nice versus Darius. It's not really nice versus Ornn is what I found, which feels really really counter-intuitive to me because you would think, "Oh, this is the anti-tank item. So, it's good versus tanks." But I found like, "Well, it also makes you squishy as [ __ ] and you have to be in their face and they kind of just blow you up anyways." And the damage output usually is not worth it. So, the whole like going LDR versus tanks I've kind of put to the side. I've uh I've saved that for going versus bruisers. So, here I'm looking for an angle. We see a fight trying to play out, you know, trying to get for the the rift herald. Uh we do have a Zac Uh uh, Ash, Rex I, which is a pretty disgusting setup for engages in my opinion. We could have the Ash arrow, we could have the Zac or my E, and we just have so many options here. I'm I'm I'm looking forward to it, so um, just waiting for something to kind of crop up. The Zac E's forward. We kind of go into a pocket dimension. And then I flash in for two. Or cuz I'm I'm panicking because I'm like, "Oh, [ __ ] I'm taking so much damage." Okay, the Zac pops. But only Brand died. And I'm like, "This is so awkward to play." Cuz if my E's in, he's just going to E away. But he flashes away, then E's on top of me. So, really it kind of sucks because um, he he killed three of us, so that's a [ __ ] ton of gold on the Ezreal. But we did kill four, so it's like not the end of the world, you know? But it's definitely not a situation we'd rather. In in losing scenarios, a lot of times what you want is you actually want to go one for one, and you want to trade gold because imagine if you have your whole team has like 20,000 gold, and the enemy team has 30,000 gold. Well, if you both trade 1,000 gold, well, now your percentage increase is higher than the enemy's percentage increase. So, overall, it does work out better for you. So, scenarios like that, whenever you're so far ahead as a team, it's actually kind of bad. It's not really good at all. Even though like you could say it's kind of like a cope where you're like, "Oh, well, it's worth, you know, like we killed them." But it's really not. It's it's typically bad. But we look [clears throat] for the uh, dragon here, and I notice, "Hey, the [ __ ] Mundo's pushed up by himself. Like, what's up with this?" So, we go for the Mundo, you know, push push push as as they always do, you know, as it goes. But this guy doesn't even have Warmog's right now, so it's like kind of silly. This wall threw me off. I did not think that would actually block his path. It kind of looks like he'd be able to walk, but he wasn't able to. So, I pick up another kill, you know, I'm I have a [ __ ] ton of gold under my belt, and we're trying to set up this dragon. Unfortunately, our support did die, but it's just a support brand, so it's really nothing in the world. Um and having, you know, like a a beefy tank out of the fight is actually pretty nice. So, just, you know, looking for any opportunity we can find right now, which is kind of awkward cuz the Ezreal can e back. Uh the the Thresh can flay, and we go for the arrow, but we miss. So, that's actually really, really bad because now they actually have a way, way more comfortable scenario here, and I have to tunnel out, which kind of sucks. But, it's okay. I mean, they actually had to go for something, you know. I feel like if we waited, I feel like it would have been fine cuz I feel like the Brand is probably more valuable in the fight anyways. But, here I do see an angle over this wall, and then we're able to get a three-man knock up into a Zac R into which is amazing. Kill the Ezreal, knock him up. And then we see the Thresh is done. We buffer bite. That's awesome. And then their Mundo did TP here. I'm like, "Okay, I cannot kill this guy. We got to go for this guy over here." And we end up getting our triple kill. Going for the Mundo as well, but he flashes away, so it's okay, [clears throat] though. Very, very big fight. Pretty sure we got the dragon as well. >> [cough] >> And now we're [clears throat] able to get the Baron off of that as well. So, I mean, just, you know, losing one champ and then getting four and getting Baron, getting drag is just an amazing series of events, and we'll get Shojin afterwards. But, yeah, A a lot of times as as Rexai, whenever you're team fighting, you really really really want to play out of vision. And games are so much easier whenever you're like a secondary engage. Like as a top laner, yeah, I'm supposed to be the guy that goes in first, but it can be hard for my champ specifically to do that. Like Rexai specifically isn't great at that. You really want to be the second person going in. And so if you have a Zac that's going in for you, and then you can tunnel over a wall like where they have like half a second to react or flash or whatever, it just makes team fights really really really difficult for the enemy team. But here we're trying to pressure the side because out of everybody, we can push the best and we're the safest while doing it because you know, we have tunnels. So just make sure whenever you're in the scenario scenario, you see how here I'm setting up a tunnel behind me? Even even if it's delaying my push, I'm setting things up just to be 100% safe. Even versus like uh teams that have like very little CC or even like stuns and stuff that you can easily buffer, uh you should be doing this anyways. It doesn't matter, but especially especially versus, you know, Thresh or Aatrox or Gragas or champions that can completely lock you out of tunnel and displace you, it's it can be very hard to uh get away. So you got to be really careful. So like here, like okay, if two people show up like Thresh and Karthus, I could die, but I see everyone mid, so who cares? So I just hit the turret. I'm uh I'm larping as uh a business Mundo right now versus a business Mundo right now. That's why I did the laughing emoji. But uh I I really want to get the tower. I see my Zac covering. Bro gets kind of chunked. It's fine. We we really just need to be playing for the tower. So we're kind of trading turret shots, Uh playing tag team, and we old and the old actually does a good amount of damage cuz you know, it's max HP ultimate damage and we have I think it's 30% armor penetration. And so, you know, he really doesn't even have that much armor so it just kind of chunked him cuz he has so much HP. Uh we do flash away from the Swain which is a misplay. We kind of kind of got a little scared. I can't even lie to you. I was a little little spooked. This is an awkward buy. I ended up deciding to go overlords instead. I'm like, okay, I really don't even need seraph's I already have uh tenacity and they really don't even burst me that crazy. And I'm already going a damage oriented setup so having more damage on top of that would be pretty nice. Oh yeah, so Okay, what I'm typing here is okay. In the beginning of this game, oh, what was it? Someone said on grump to me and I said on me because in champ select my name was grump, right? Like, no, no, no, like on grump like on god. I'm like, okay. And then my lane opponent, his name I'm sorry. Who was it? Hold on. There There was someone in this game. I forgot who it was. There was someone in this game, his name was grump. I think it was my lane opponent. I can't even remember now. But basically, the joke was that he was god. That very long tangent over. Uh oh, no, it was ADC. I'm sorry. I'm messing you guys. Yeah, so the ADC is god because on grump on god. You see what I'm saying? He's like, why the ash is like, why does he keep eating on to me? It doesn't work. I'm like, well, he's god. Like he on Gromp, bro. Like it doesn't matter. Okay, so we killed the Karthus. We're looking looking for Scenario. The Brand, pretty sure he gets hooked here and I have to hug him to make sure he doesn't die. Yep. Going for mid. >> [clears throat] >> Could look for Scenario here. I hit a Q snipe. And I see the Zilean getting hit. Okay, the the Ezreal just eat away. Boom. Okay, he has to flash. He still dies. I go in away from turret range cuz I don't want to get CC chained under turret. I'm trying to back up, back up. Team wants to go. Whatever. I see this nasty stun. I'm like, oh [ __ ] I got to go in this. I go in [ __ ] up my knock up somehow. And then okay, don't even touch that guy. And then looking for the Thresh. My eyes are on the Thresh. I don't even see the I damn near died and I'm barely dodged the last Karthus Q. But somehow I did and now we're able to, you know, push it out and basically wrap up the game from here. So yeah, I mean I would say probably a handful of blunders, probably like three blunders for me that were pretty significant. Especially probably my biggest one was dying to the Mundo behind the turret. That was a really really bad blunder in my opinion. Um but you know that things like that do happen, you you know, you do learn. But overall I'd say I was pretty pretty content with this game and I thought you guys would be too. So I just want to do kind of a post commentary again cuz a [clears throat] couple of you guys said I should do another one. And I would assume you guys would probably prefer the jungle or the top lane instead of the jungle. So yeah, I >> [clears throat] >> decided to try it out again to see if you guys still like it and you know, I appreciate you guys for watching. So, I'll see you guys in the next video. GG's.
