Title: 3 Minute Renekton Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOrmPXoXkiU

Content:
Why play Renekton top? Well, he has very high base damage. He has great built-in sustain. He is a massive lane bully and he's very mobile for a bruiser. However, he does have high cool downs in the early game and he can get kited if he can't land his first E. Renekton's passive is instead of having mana, he has fury. He gains fury when he attacks and starts losing it when he hasn't generated any for 12 seconds. While he has at least 50 fury, his next basic attack is empowered and he generates bonus fury when below half health. Renekton's Q deals damage in a circle around him and heals himself for each enemy hit. And for each enemy champion hit, the healing is increased. In addition, he gains a small amount of fury for each non-chion hit and a large amount for each champion hit. And when this ability is empowered, it deals bonus damage and triples the healing. Renekton's W is an auto attack reset, which makes his next attack strike twice and deal modified damage and stun the target. And when this ability is empowered, he strikes three times instead, destroys shields, and stuns for even longer. Renekton's E causes him to dash a fixed distance, dealing damage to enemies he passes through. If this hits any enemy, he can then recast it in the next 4 seconds. And when this ability is empowered, the second part of it deals bonus damage, and reduces the target's armor. Renekton's ultimate is a massive steroid which lasts for 15 seconds. It grants him bonus health, increased size, bonus attack range, and 20 fury. During this time, he deals damage in a large circle around him, and generates fury over time. For combos, your go-to is to E into an attack and W. Attack into Q before attacking into your second E. Your all-in combo is to attack into W before attacking into E. Once more, attack into Q before attacking into your second E. And this combo also works well if you alt after using W. For matchups, Renekton works well into most other mely top laners just having better stats than them. However, he can struggle against champions that just sit outside of his E range. For runes, take this. Conqueror has amazing synergy. For build order, start blade and pot into an eclipse and tier 2 boots. From here, a black lever into Sterax are great pickups before finishing a build with any of these. For skill order, start Q, then E, then W before maxing Q, then E, then W, taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and teleport. Although, ignite is a good go-to if you want to kill your opponent. From the start of the game, Renekton is a very strong lane bully in the top lane. So, you want to use your great stats, great sustain, and the fact you have no mana to your advantage. Spend the first couple of levels stacking fury, and then once you have all three abilities, you can go in. If you can walk up to your opponent, simply attack into your stun. This saves both your E to keep chasing them down. Otherwise, use the first E to go in and stun them and then use the second one to either chase them down or just simply back out. And you want to do this as often as possible around your cooldowns. And once you hit level six, this becomes even scarier. Entering the mid game, you want to take your tower as soon as possible and keep it pushed out. This will give you plenty of time to look for skirmishes, which you love to fight. Entering late game team fights, play as your front line, diving their backline. Renekton's kit is fully set up to be able to get onto the enemy backline. Use your first E to dive through their front line to either get to their back line or have your second E to dash afterwards. From here, you ultimate, stun them, and just start smashing damage into them while your team very easily follows up. And that's how you play the crocodile top lane. If this video helped you, leave a like and comment below which champion you want to see
