Title: How to play ARAM Mayhem (How do augments work?) - League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ts9l8xjkRZE

Content:
This video is going to dive into a Mayhem and what it is and how to play it. We're going to touch on three different subjects [music] being champ select screen, the augments and set bonuses you'll get throughout the game, as well as stat shards. Let's get right into it. All right, we can get right into it. I'll leave timestamps below and on the screen right now showing the different sections of the video so you can either skip around or stay for the whole info dump. [music] Okay, so champ select. To begin, we can start with the word aim. This is actually an acronym standing for all random, all mid. So, how that impacts champ select is that each player will be shown two champions they can choose from. After one is chosen, the others will go into a pool for all of your team to select from, allowing you a random pool of champions to play. There's also a small chance to receive a blessed card, granting you a third champion to choose from. There's a 5% chance of this happening plus an additional 0.15% for each champion you own. This means if you have all 172 champions, you have 30.8% chance of pulling the third bless card. [music] Augments are where Abraham Mayhem really gets interesting. Augments will be awarded to players at level 3, 7, 11, and 15, being awarded once you die. This results in a total of four augments throughout the game. There are only three different rarities of augment going from best to worst. There's prismatic, gold, and silver. Everyone will receive the same rarity of augments given at each different level. So, if you get a prismatic at level seven, then everyone else will also be receiving a prismatic when they get to level seven. Attached to some augments in the lefth hand corner of the card are set bonuses. These grant you extra buffs on top of the augment for collecting multiple augments in that set. You can see what the set bonus does and each of the other augments required to complete it by hovering over the mini set icon. Each set gives an extra bonus that would help those specific augments. For example, the bonus stacksurus rex consists of nine different stacking augments including infinite recursion, master of duality, phenomenal evil, quest steal your heart, shrink engine, slapound, soul eater, tap dancer, and upgrade hubris. This set grants more stacks for each augment you acquire in the stackas for aurora set. So if you get two augments of this set, you get a 50% increase in the stacks gained. But if you manage to find all four, you'll get a 200% [music] more stack bonus. So acquiring these full sets can be extremely beneficial, allowing for some insane stat bonuses. As of patch 26.3, there's a total of nine different set bonuses and 201 augments, which allows for quite a variety of games. [music] Stash shards are something new you'll be able to purchase from the shop after hitting level 9 for 750 gold per shard. Stat shards grant you three choices of random stats at varying amounts. You can be given the choices of something like health, lethality, or armor, and then you choose one and are granted those stats. Unlike in arena, stat shards are actually lost upon death. There's a small chance to get a prismatic stat shard, granting much higher stats in the realm of straight up 17.5% magic pen or something like 15% more health. These stats work off percentages rather than straight numbers allowing to really impact your build, especially if you get them late game. Since if you have 10,000 HP, 15% would grant you another 1500 HP versus if you only had 1,000 HP, that 15% [music] would only give you an extra 150. So, you really want to pick these up later. They're very strong. If you're looking to see some AAM mayhem gameplay before you step into the arena, you can check out some of my videos down in the description. And if you enjoyed this, then [music] make sure to hit the little subscribe button. It would do me a lot of favors. And I will see you in the next one. [music] >> [music]
