Title: League of Legends - Endgame Demacia Rising Guide
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5S9H9jlSdcc

Content:
Hey everyone. So today we're talking about and playing a little bit of Damasia Rising. I want to talk about and go over some fairly late game tips so that as you progress, you can kind of set up your cities to be somewhat optimal. For me, I'm going with a mix of aesthetics and efficiency. So, I'm not trying to milk 110% efficiency out of my board, but the most important thing you can do when you get to level three, maybe level four cities, we can go to high silver mir. And we want six of these marketplace structures because at max rank, they are each going to provide a 10% bonus to production for all adjacent settlements. And with high silver mirror, this is hitting two, three, four, five, six settlements. And that's how you're going to squeeze out two additional settlements for free. And we could take a quick look at the math. So if we have seven settlements, each producing 100 resources, well, that's 700. But if we sacrifice the production for one of these settlements, well, that's going to bring us down to 600 total produce. But by sacrificing this settlement, we are providing a 60% bonus to six additional settlements. So 600 produce plus 60%. That's going to give us a total, again using 100 produce per settlement as an example. So that's going to take us from 700 to 960. So two and a half settlements worth of produce for free just by sacrificing one. So when you're just getting started, of course, you're not going to have the marketplace unlocked. They are also fairly expensive. And in order to maximize a setup like this, you are going to need at least five, preferably all six of your settlements fully upgraded. We can see for me, Hawkstone is only level one. I'm working on it. It will be maxed out within a week. So, we can take a look over here. I have six forges, 50 metal per turn. So, 6 * 50, that's 300. But if we advance, we're getting 770, more than double what we should be getting. And that's because we have a couple things going on. So, I do just quickly want to mention, of course, research obviously very important. Anything that increases production, you want to get that early so you can really start benefiting from it as quickly as possible. And one of the most important level four upgrades you can get. Civic leadership. If a settlement has at least one champion present, 25% increased production. So, we're getting 60% from high silver mirror. We're getting 25% because I have Sona over here, a champion. And then we're also because I'm making use of the settlement bonuses. We can see this is a border settlement. So the first forge built grants 100% increased metal. So the first one is actually producing 100. So we're getting 350 plus 85% plus any other like small bonuses I have. And that's how we're getting two times resource production from this node specifically. So again, this is just one of the most important things you can get once you really start developing your settlements. And like I mentioned earlier, I am going for aesthetics. Like I care about how this looks. I want all of my mines in mountains. I want all of my forges in border towns. And then in the heartland settlements, that's where I put my food production and my lumber. So, my settlements are not 100% optimal. Of course, you don't need this much food. I'm just going for it to make use of a research upgrade that makes it so two farms in Heartland Settlements gain increased food. And another very important thing to note is with the great city of Damasia, we have five petraight mills. And this is all the petraite production you need because we're getting a 60% boost from high silver. We can see the road connecting to it. And then we're getting a 25% boost from a champion which is providing us almost a 100% increase to petraite. So, if we look up here, I'm getting 32 petraite per turn. And again, this is pretty much all you need. There is a research unlock we can get that allows mills to be built adjacent to the great city of Damasia, but with a near 100% increase, we don't really need any more petraite mills than this. So, everything connected to High Silver, we don't want any fluff, preferably. So, I have, you know, six forges, six mines, six mines. We're going to have six mines up here. We have five petraite mills down here. We cannot get rid of the barracks. And then the only fluff I do have a marketplace over here. It's fully upgraded. It's been there for a while. This could be another lumber yard. Again, we don't really need 56 food. So, all six of these could be lumber. But for me, I think this just it looks fine. Again, I'm not trying to squeeze out every single percent of efficiency I can. And we can actually look up here. We're hitting 4500 lumber per turn, 2800 stone per turn. And once hawk stone is fully upgraded, this will actually be closer to about 4,000. So, we use a little bit more lumber than we do stone. And we use a little bit more stone than we do metal. But my metal production is about 2,300. And once Dawnhold is fully upgraded, that's going to be like 27 maybe 2800. So these numbers just look really good. And that is, you know, like 90ish% efficiency. Like there are some improvements that can be made. I'm just making use. I have Sona over here. I have Gallia over here just so I can get a little bit more metal. I have Garen over here. just all of my champions are boosting what I need and what I need is metal. You can see just how much less metal I have than my other resources. It was a huge bottleneck for me. So, as you get to, you know, like level three, level four settlements, make sure, of course, you're getting what you need at the time, but just keep metal production in the back of your mind because a marketplace to get to level three is about 10,000 metal, maybe a little bit more. So, this is pretty expensive, but it is well worth it. And then just down here, I have all of my permanent structures. If you wanted to squeeze out every single bit of efficiency, you could put six marketplaces in Brook Hollow and that would boost four settlements. Of course, if you were doing that, you really wouldn't want to waste any space on food production or any extramies. So, you could put six marketplaces over here and just get a bunch more production down here. And then you could move all of your food production to like one town. And then you could move your permanent structures like the shrine of the veiled lady, Duran statue. You could move all of those probably up here in Cloudfield for example. Again, I just like the way this looks. I have all of my forges and border towns. I have all my lumber and heartland settlements. And I have all of my mines and mountains. So, with a setup like this, we just went over it, like lumber production, 45. With Hawkstone maxed out, we'll have about 4,000 stone. With Dawn Hold maxed out, we'll have about 27 2,800 metal. And then we have 32 petraite per turn. So, everything is looking really good. I'm happy with all of these numbers. I'm happy with how everything on my board looks. So, as you continue leveling up your settlements, you can kind of try going for something that looks similar to this so that you don't have to tear down structures. I have done so much rearranging. I've lost so many resources to just moving things around. So, this can serve as a pretty decent template. And then, of course, we are making full use of all of the settlement specific bonuses. So, heartland increased food. All of my food is there. All of my borders have at least one forge, of course, making use of that. My mountain camps are making use of my quaries. I have Poppy down here just to increase lumber a little bit. And then I have Morgana over here, further boosting lumber. And the only thing that I wish I could have changed, I wish I didn't start upgrading hawk stone again. Metal was a [snorts] huge bottleneck for me. I wish I had went over to Dawnhold and upgraded this first. I have just enough to get it to level three, but then I wouldn't be able to save the progress. But if I didn't upgrade to this, if I had 700 additional silver shields, I could max this out and increase my metal production. I could have had a little bit more metal. But in the end, like everything is looking pretty good. I'm happy with how everything looks. I imagine when we get level five, I imagine we'll maybe get one more of each settlement. Right now, we have five of each. So, I imagine we'll just get one more of everything and then everything will be able to level up to five. Also, once you get to level three, once your capital city moves, like I only have the one barracks. This is pretty central, so we don't really need to waste any plots of land on more barracks. Plus, because I have so much food, my units are just pretty much covering the entire map. Even if I lost a bunch of troops at one settlement, because I have so many, I can just quickly move them wherever I need to in very few turns. I'm pretty much covering the entire map. And then I am making use of one academy in each type of settlement. So I have one academy in this border town. I have one in the heartland and then I have another in the mountains. And honestly that's not even optimal because for example we could put threemmies over here because we have 6 12 18 eventually we'll have 24. So we could have 27 forges times each one is producing 50 metal per turn and then if we increase that plus 30% if we had threemmies I mean that is doing more than having two additional forges. So this is actually something that I'm going to change in the future. If we took away another forge, if we had 1,300 production and then we increased that by 40%. I mean, that is even more. Now, of course, are pretty expensive. So, fully upgrading an academy, would that be worth it? Probably not. What I think I'll do, I might put two moreies over here just to squeeze out a little bit more efficiency. And then I guess I could also put two moreies over here to boost my mountain settlements. And we'd actually be able to get a lot of efficiency out of that because high silver is boosting three mountains. That would be really good. So, that is something that I'm actually going to start working on just to squeeze out a little bit more efficiency. And again, when level five research becomes available, I think we'll probably get one more of each settlement. So, we'll get even more mileage out of threemmies. And I could probably even put one more academy in a Heartland settlement for just a smidgen more lumber. But yeah, I think that's going to cover just about everything. everything I wanted to talk about. I just wanted to go over what I'm doing that you might not be doing. Some tips to increase your efficiency so that you again basically get two, possibly three, maybe even four zones worth of production for almost free. Of course, you are going to have to upgrade what you need, but with high silver with six marketplaces over here and then with threemmies in any border town and threemies at any mine that isn't connected to High Silver, of course, like we can just squeeze out so much more production. So, we have a small update. I did go ahead and make a few changes. We added twommies over here. one academy over here and two more down here. I also moved my structures around a tiny bit. We kept one mine in this mountain just to make use of that bonus, the 100% bonus to stone production. And then we have the royal armory and Duran's workshop. Again, we're going for looks, so I wanted the armory and the workshop kind of like tucked away in this mountain camp. And then over here we have Shrine of the Veiled Lady on this like sliver of land over here as just kind of like a welcome. And the final totals because we did get that extra academy. We only got a little bit more lumber 4559. But when level 5 becomes available, if we get one more of each settlement, we are going to get a lot more mileage out of that. Stone increased by over 200. We were at 28. We're now at over 3,000. Of course, that did come at the cost of just a little bit of a metal because we moved one of our permanent structures over here. Metal production is up to 2600. And with Dawn Hold at level 4, that will be close to 3,000. And of course, stone will be at about 4,000 once we level up Hawkstone. So 4500 about 4,000 almost 3,000 over here and we still have 32 petraite per turn. Again like I think this is a very strong setup. Use this as a kind of like template as you get to like level three once you start getting some like big unlocks. This is when you kind of want to maybe start following something like this just to squeeze out a pretty good amount of efficiency. But yeah, I think that is going to be just about it for today. So, as always everyone, take care.
