Title: NEW SEASON 16 SORAKA BUILD! | League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_OSjURtWGk

Content:
Hey, it's Mansfy. I'm a 400 LP master support in season 16 and I'm back with our favorite goatey banana queen. She's fairing pretty well in the new season, sitting at a 51.12% win rate currently. So, let's jump right into the runes. Usually, I will run summon airy, axium, archinist, transcendence, scorch, font of life, and revitalize. I take two adaptive force shards and one scaling health shard, but you could take one ability haste shard if you'd rather have the extra cool down. Saraka usually doesn't struggle with mana too much, so you can forgo mana flow banan for Axium Archinist. This gives her more healing on her ultimate and also gives extra cool down when you grab a takedown after you ult. Transcendence gives you ability haste, which is perfect as Saraka loves to spam her cues. You can run solarity if you want to capitalize on her movement speed passive and run boots of swiftness. This definitely gives you a bit more survivability and rotation potential. I'd take Scorch for some poke in the laning phase, but you can definitely take Gathering Storm if you know you're going to be playing very defensively in lane, maybe against a Blitzcrank or a Leona. I love Font of Life since it can proc every time you hit your Sarraa Q and it provides a bit more healing for yourself and a nearby ally, but you can take bone plating instead if you'd rather be more safe and not die. Bone plating can negate a decent amount of damage inflicted on you. And finally, take revitalize to boost all your healing and shielding. Now, moving on to the items. Grab yourself a dream maker, boots of lucidity, moonstone renewer, redemption, dawn core, and the last item is situational. You can opt for a Charelia's battle song to give yourself more movement speed to run away from enemies and for your team to utilize in team fights. You can go for an ardent sensor if you're pocketing your ADC and their attack speed based. But if you're doing this, you should probably build it a little bit earlier in the game. Maybe second item or third item or even staff of flowing water if your carries are based more on ability power. But your core build is definitely Moonstone Redemption and Dawncore. Some players like to opt for redemption first, which can definitely be very helpful to keep yourself in the fight and to help your teammates win 1 v1s across the map in the early game, but you're trading off some of your base ceiling on your W as Moonstone buffs it a lot more. So you really have to get value with the redemption active. Sarako also does use the new tier item died of songs pretty well. So you can build it, but I'd rather have one situational item slot instead of diadem to cater towards the match I'm in a little bit more. Your gameplay on Saraka is very basic in principle. You want to be using your Q to poke as much as you can in the laning phase and heal your ADC up every time you hit it. Make sure you're scanning the map frequently for situations you can drop your ult to turn the tide in and earn some free assists. As you transition more into team fights, it's all about your positioning. The enemy is going to target you first, so it's important you stay behind your teammates and keep topping their health up from a safe distance. Look for important abilities to interrupt with your silence as that's your biggest playmaking potential. For your ability level order, it's more down to your own preference, but this is what I run. I put three points into my queue for poke in the laning phase and the increased self-healing when you hit it. It also reduces the cool down which is what you need in order to cast your W heal without draining your own health bar. Then you can max your W, finish maxing your Q and then max your E. The most important aspect of Saraka is gaining experience with her positioning, knowing when you can walk up and knowing when you have to hide. It's also incredibly important to pick her in the right matchups. She doesn't provide a lot of damage and is incredibly immobile. So, if there's a loss of assassins and burst damage on the other team, maybe characters like Rengar and Talon, you should probably steer away from Saraka. Although, you can run celestial opposition as your support quest item to give you some more survivability. But overall, Saraka feels pretty good this season. So, let me know how your games have been going and what you've been building. >> Blaming me for not being there even though we were taking bot tower. Hey, so you knew I wasn't there. You knew Karma was there. So, like, how about we don't contest? Awesome. But like, imagine that. You be like, "Oh, we're we're just waiting for the we're just waiting for both teams to have the jetpack cat and to fly the bomb over the team and get the auto aim kills." Um, oh, and here they go. Here they go. Here goes. Hey, what are you doing? Oh my gosh. There we go. It's okay. I'm okay. It's okay. I'm okay. Oh, that's disgusting. Yep. What now? What now? Kane. >> What now? Kane. Oh, okay. Awkward being >> like the world's most toxic DVD player. I can see that. Okay. What is this game right now? See the goat at Dead by Daylight. Best Dead by Daylight player that's ever existed. >> How many of you play? How many of How many of you are there? Oh, that combo is gross, by the way. Oh, you're welcome, dudoo. Oh my gosh, you are so welcome right now. I'm coming. >> Nice. Boom. Okay, these guys must be like lowkey annoyed at me. 21 KP versus the Caitlyn's 12. >> Oh, he's alive. Nice. 21. Alm KP alers go after the same person. Nice. >> Easy peel. >> Mind the trap. I saved you. >> Carry us into transcendence. So true, Saraka. Nice. >> Caitlyn was way too far up. >> Oh yeah. >> Oh yeah. Hi. >> Thank you so much for watching this video and make sure you drop a subscription to check out my future videos. As always, let me know what video concepts you want to see from me in the comments and check out my Twitch stream at twitch.tv/mattseeffy. I'll see you guys soon.
