Title: The NEW BEST SOLO CARRY CHAMPIONS on PATCH 26.03 - League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUuHVcMxunQ

Content:
26.3 has arrived and we've got massive changes with implications on the jungle meta as Diana and Ekko are dropping down while Riven is being directly nerfed. So, she's falling off the list for top lane. All this and much more to cover in today's video as we provide you guys with three of the best champions for every single role. And in order to stay ahead of the meta for season 16, Skill Cap is the place to be. We've got a new course for this year that our challenger players will be working on, and it revolves around keeping you up to date with all the new meta trends. As soon as we discover something new, you can expect a video to go live within that course breaking down exactly what we found. Whether it be a new build, strategy, or rune setup, Skill Cap subscribers will be the first to know with access to this course. On top of this, we've got our weekly commentaries where our challenger experts walk you through how to carry out of the exact rank you're stuck in. We always upload 10 brand new commentaries each week focused on covering the best champions in meta. And then, of course, you'll get access to our entire catalog of premium courses as you'll be mastering wave control, vision, trading, and macro in no time. And the best part of it all is that we offer a five division rankup guarantee. Climb at least five divisions while actively using Skill Cap or get your money back, no questions asked. So, what are you waiting for? Click the link in the top right corner of the screen or in the description below to get ahead of everyone else for season 16. So, starting off up in the top lane, our first solo carry of the patch is going to be Gwen. So, Riot's changing Dusk and Dawn this patch so that it has more health in exchange for less damage. And for some champs, this will be more negative, but for an AP bruiser like Gwen, she actually doesn't mind it at all. You're still going to have the same passive on Dusk and Dawn and it's the main reason to why it synergizes so well with Gwen. You're able to stack up your Q passive faster and your on hit damage is amplified. So, the overall extended skirmish strength of Gwen is phenomenal with Dusk and Dawn. Two item core is going to be Dusk and Dawn into Nashers, but from then on out, you can adapt based on the enemy team. Into more squishies, you can go straight into Robon's third for better one-shot power, but against a tankier comp, that's where Riftmaker will slot in nicely. Summoner spell choices on Gwen are really interesting for this season because of the top lane quest. Of course, the classic is just taking flash with ignite, but somew players are even going super lane focused with exhaust and ignite. If you take exhaust and ignite, then your level two all-in power is completely insane. So, this is definitely a strategy we'd recommend you try to consistently gain early game advantages. Snowballing as a top laner in season 16 is super crazy because of the quest. So, getting an early lead is even more vital than before. In regards to Gwen's matchups in meta right now, Riven is one champion who's being picked at a higher rate who the majority of Gwen players are struggling against. Riven is just a really volatile matchup where if you fall behind early, then it's completely cooked. So definitely a good band to consider if you aren't super familiar with the matchup. Back in the top three for a second patch in a row as the best carry tank that you can play for solo Q is Or. So Or priority has been on the rise for this season and especially after last patch where Malight got nerfed. Mal is no longer the strongest top lane tank. though it opens things up for or to take the spot with how insane he is with the season 16 changes. The top lane quest is going to provide you with 600 bonus experience on completion and 12.5% increased XP from future sources. So this just means hitting level 13 is so much faster for this season. And why does Orin want level 13? Well, it's because that's when he can start upgrading items. And when you're able to upgrade items with Orin, the champion's value shoots up tremendously. Another factor in Or's rise is that he can take ignite instead of teleport. Now, for a tank, the all-in-ill threat that Orin has at level six is absolutely incredible. He may as well be a burst mage for how much damage his full combo can deal. Couple this with running Ignite, and you're going to be able to solo kill a lot of top lane champs once you get your level six. Always a good band for Or is Fiora because with Fiora's W, it really limits how aggressive Or can be as he can't really ever use his Q into E combo. The standard build for revolves around a Sunfire or Hollow Radiance Rush into Unending Despair and Thorn Mail and Jock Show third. And then to round out the top three for top lane, we've got a really strong range top laner for season 16 being Kenan. So Kenan has always been a good counter to most melee top lane champs, but the fact he now gets to run ignite for this season, it just makes his kill threat in lane so much more present. Even Exhaust has a great win rate on Kenan as well. So if you're up against a more volatile champ who has strong all-in threat early on like Aurelia or Riven, then taking Exhaust can be a sneaky [music] good play. Over the past patch, Kenan has had over a 53% win rate into Jax, Darius, Renekton, and Set, who are all very commonly picked in meta. The only matchup that is a must ban for Kenan right now is Mundo. Once Mundo gets a few items, he can just run you down and there's nothing that you can do. So, it's a good ban if you intend on picking Kenan. Build variety makes Kenan a lot more fun for this season because you can take a rocket belt or gunlade as a rush. Gunblade is going to work best if you're up against a melee top who lacks a gap closer because the active will make kiting them super easy. So think Garen, Darius, or Setth. Rocket belt will be best suited if the enemy team has a lot more mobility because the active dash will be more useful to reach them in fights. So with all three of the OP junglers from last patch getting nerfed for 26.3, it's going to open things up for Kha'Zix to become even better. Ka has been the best performing assassin jungler in recent patches and is phenomenal for this season because of the item changes. As more players optimize their build on Ka, his win rate continues to rise as an umbrella rush into Bastion Breaker second is now the most popular core for the champion. We covered how powerful these items were during our itemization guide that we uploaded a few weeks ago. So, it's nice to see players catching on to the setup. The whole idea behind this build for Kha'Zix is that it offers up so much snowball power. By rushing umbrella, you get the vision denial passive, so your ability to find picks from the fog of war is amplified. Bastion Breaker's passive is incredible because you're able to get a lot more value out of scoring a kill as the passive increases your tower taking ability. The new passive on Umbrell is absolutely nuts for Ka though because whenever he goes unseen by enemies for at least 1 second, the passive grants bonus true damage on hit. And because Ka's ultimate allows him to go unseen for 1.25 seconds, every R charge can refresh this true damage proc in a skirmish. Banwise when picking Kha'Zix, Rengar is always a more annoying champion to deal with and it's currently Ka's worst performing matchup in meta. So a good ban to consider. A jungler who's criminally underrated for season 16 and taking the second spot on the list for this patch is Zyra. So, with Zed and Diana receiving clear speed nerfs for 26.3, Zyra may very well have the fastest clear for any jungler, clocking in at around 2 minutes and 30 seconds. Being the jungler with the fastest clear speed just opens up so many more windows of opportunity for you in season 16. Since scuttle spawns in at 2 minutes and 55 seconds, the majority of junglers don't have a window before this spawn where they can gank. Zyra has this luxury though, so she can either gank or look to invade the enemy jungler and try to poke them out as they are finishing their last camp. Your build on Zyra is going to consist of a Leandre's rush into Riyze or Shadow Flame second and Zna's or Rabidon's third. Shadow Flame is best into very squishy enemy comps while Riyze is most optimal if the enemy team lacks a ton of gap closers so you can kite them around really easy. Assassins who have easy access onto you in fights are who Zyra is going to struggle against the most. So banning out Rengar is never a bad idea. So with Diana, Volibear, and Ekko all nerfed for this patch, it's going to open things up for a more niche pick like Fiddlesticks to gain in relative power. Fiddle has been a really high win rate jungler to start the season, but has just been overshadowed by how broken the Dusk and Dawn users have been. Ganking in season 16 has become a lot harder for most junglers due to the failite wards, but Fiddle is an exception because his R allows him to traverse over walls. He's able to avoid the failite wards in most cases. The failite ward in the island brush in both top and bot is the one you really want to avoid. And Fiddle can do a great job of that by looping around and then using his R over the walls. Fiddle was always a jungler who was more vulnerable to an early game invade, but with junglers staying extremely healthy for this season, it's made invading way more risky and gives Fiddle the freedom to power through a full clear and hit his level six as fast as possible in each game. The best core build to take on Fiddle consists of a rocket belt rush into Shadowflame second and Za's third. For your ban when picking Fiddle, it's often best used on a meta peel support who's going to nullify your team fight strength. So, Lulu or Mio are two good options in meta. rising in popularity over the past few patches and the best solo Q mid-lane assassin that you can play is Nefury. Some of the matchup data coming out of Nefuri right now is just mind-blowing as she's had over a 57% win rate against Silus, 58% into Leblanc, and even 53% into Akali. And those three champs are a few of the most annoying midlaners that you run into. The only champion in meta that the majority of Nefiri players struggle against is Yaso. And with Yaso being a highly picked champion in meta, he's a great band choice. Yasuo's shield from passive wind wall and mobility from E just make it so that landing Nefiri Q becomes almost impossible in skirmishes. And if you can't land Q consistently, then you aren't going to beat Yasua. There's even a new build going around for this season where you're playing a ghost blade rush into Zeke's convergence second and Black Cleaver third. So the ghost blade into Zeke's all about being able to find an opponent caught out with your R and then not allowing them to escape. The movement speed from Ghostblade combined with the slow from Zeke gives Nefury immense sticking power. Zeke was also changed this season so that it now provides 15 ability haste for your R cool cooldown. So that's the reason it's being picked up on Nefiri. So you're playing this more skirmishing bruiser style of Nefiri with this setup, but by no means is lethality any weaker. If you still want to run lethality because you're playing into a super squishy enemy comp, then you should definitely do so. This bruiser build just has a really high win rate now, so it's a fun new setup to try if you want to spice things up. The rune page is always going to consist of Hail of Blades and then you'll grab inspiration for secondaries. One of the most OP mid lane champs in the game for season 16 who's not even being fully optimized by most players is Cassadin. Our challenger mid laner Shy is a huge advocate of this new double tier Cassadin setup and he made a video talking about it on our website last week. Basically the TLDDR is that by going Archangels and Winter's Approach, you are able to become incredibly tanky while still being able to dish out considerable DPS, so it's the best of both worlds. You're a pseudo tank with a 1.5 second cooldown blink, so actually killing Cassadin in lateg game fights is really difficult. The upgrade to winter's approach called Fimblewinter is going to convert 15% of your bonus mana into health. This means on four items, you're able to get over a,000 health from the item. And let's not forget the second passive on Fimu Winter will be providing you with a shield whenever you slow an enemy with your E. So, the durability is through the roof. Very important to note is that when running this build to go Rod of Ages into Archangel second, then Malignance third, and Winter's Approach fourth. The reason you go Archangel second is because in order for you to buy a second tier, you need your Archangels fully upgraded into Sarap's Embrace. Once you have seraps embrace, you should be looking to reset as soon as possible and purchase that second tier to get it stacking. Once your second tier is in your inventory, build towards malignance and then winter's approach. AD assassins are the only champions you have to really worry about when picking Cassadin. So, banning out Zed is good value as he's the most played AD assassin in meta. And then rounding out the top three for mid lane is going to be Twisted Fate. So, if you can play a good Twisted Fate in season 16, then he has so much more power than in previous seasons. You get rewarded way more for playing the side lane due to all the tower plates and the removal of Oticon. So, if you have a good understanding of Midame macro, then you can run away with games on TF. Where most players mess up when splitting is they choose to push up too far when their team is not on the map. Splitting doesn't mean that you're always just hard pushing out of lane. If your team is not on the map and they're coming off a reset, then you need to make sure you chill and don't push up too far. Once they get back on the map, that's when pressuring is more optimal. because if the enemy team ends up sending multiple members to try and stop you, then your team can counter across the map. Matchup wise for Twisted Fate, he wants to avoid playing into assassins, and Fizz is one of his harder lanes just because landing your stun is nearly impossible if Fizz times his E correctly. The standard core build for Twisted Fate consists of a Rod of Aeg's rush into Lichbane second and rapid fire cannon third. There aren't any significant direct changes to bot lane for this patch. So, in terms of the ADC meta, Jinx will remain a really powerful pick. That lateg game fantasy that Jinx has always had has been amplified even more for this season with crit damage going up and having access to an additional item slot. If you can reach three items on Jinx, then she's even more insane than she was before. And we're not even sure she's being fully optimized yet either. Both Stormrazer and Hex Optics C44 are performing really well on Jinx, but not many players are taking the items. Although a much lower sample size, so the win rate is definitely skewed. Stormrazer is winning 2% more than Yunal on Jinx. And both items have very similar build paths. So, it'll be interesting to see if Stormrazer becomes more popular in the coming patches. That 45% movement speed proc for 1.5 seconds that you get from the Stormrazer passive is just so great to have on an ADC like Jinx who lacks a gap closer. So, technically, you can build three different rush items right now and succeed with Jinx as Yintal, Kraken, and Stormrazer are performing at near identical levels. The general rule has always been that if you have 1300 gold on your first base, then you should go towards Yal. But if you don't and want max power for lane, then you stack long swords and build into Kraken. If you're going for the Kraken build, then PD second and Infinity Edge third works best. Stacking more attack speed with Kraken makes sense because then you'll be able to get more Kraken passive procs off in fights. If you're going for Yall or Stormrazer though, then go right into Infinity Edge second and either Hurricane or Hex Optics third. With cashback nerf for this patch, it wouldn't surprise us if going back to taking sorcery secondary becomes the most optimal. Now, the rune pages had pretty similar win rates in recent patches, so the nerf to cash back should put sorcery back on top. Back in the top three for ADC for a second patch in a row is going to be Nila. So, if there's ever a time to learn Nila, then it's definitely right now because even for Nila's standard, she's in an overly powerful spot. Nila is getting a small nerf for this patch. But in the grand scheme of things, we don't think it will reduce her power by much at all. Nila is one of those ADCs to where if you can play her to her limits, then you have such a gargantuan edge up on your opponent. Due to being a more niche champ, the enemy that you're up against likely doesn't have a whole ton of experience playing into Nila. So, if you know your windows, then you can really exploit the enemy's lack of knowledge. Some of these matchup win rates are just absurd right now as Nila has been winning over 57% of the time into Kaisa, Samira, Ezreal, and Twitch. Nila's W is just one of the most broken basic abilities in the game due to the fact that you can block the enemy's autos for a whole 2.25 seconds. Though the all-in power at level six is super insane, especially if you are paired up with a melee engage support. Standard build for Nila is going to consist of the collector as a rush into infinity edge second and Lord Dom's or immortal shield bow third. Don't worry about banning a specific ADC when picking Nila. Instead, banning a meta range support who has good early game poke power like Nami or Karma is good value. And then for our third solo carry ADC of the patch, we round it out with Twitch. Something that should actually lead to the win rate of Twitch increasing a bit for this patch are the nerfs to cash back and triple tonic. Most ADCs have been running cashback in recent patches, but very few Twitch players took inspiration secondary. New season has been quite good for Twitch because more access to gold is amazing for an ADC who's heavily reliant on items. Completing at least two core items is really important for Twitch to be most impactful. And his Fiend Hunter Spike is a big one so that he can begin assassinating squishies in the mid game. For your rush on Twitch, it's either Yunal or the Collector depending on the game. Yall, if you have 1300 gold on your first base, otherwise go towards the collector. Fiend Hunter will be slotted in second and then Infinity Edge is third. Since early lane is not where Twitch is at his best, banning out a meta support who is more lane dominant like Karma or Nami is good value. So, one of the only OP tier picks from last patch who is not nerfed in 26.3 is Sona. Braum has been nerfed, but Sona is being left untouched. So, in terms of relative power in the support meta, Sona is going to be a cut above all else. The thing with Sona in season 16 is that she becomes this massive heal bot on two items. Echo of Helia into Whispering Cirlet has turned Sona into a win condition in and of herself. Echo of Helia provides bonus healing and so does Whispering Cirlet. So in combination with Sona's W, she's able to dish out crazy heals in fights. Whispering Cirlet providing all the mana also means that you can spam W out relentlessly without worrying about running low on mana, which is a huge perk. So get Sona to two items and you're going to have a really good chance at winning. Of course, that's easier said than done, though, as the early laning can be a bit tricky to manage being a squishy enchanter. to try and get past lane a little easier. Always banning out whichever engage support is most picked in meta is a good idea. So, right now, Nautilus or Leyona are the most optimal options. So, even with the nerfs to Braum for this patch, we still think he's going to remain a top tier solo Q support. So, he's back in the top three. Braum is just ridiculous for this season because his skirmish power has been amplified by the release of Bandal Pipes. Bandal Pipes got nerfed last patch, but it's quite literally [music] still winning 3% more than Locket as a rush. So, there's no doubt that Bandal Pipes is still a must buy on Braum. Something that's really underrated about bandal pipes as well is that the 20 movement speed that you get when slowing an opponent with Q can be massive for you to get in range and land that one extra auto attack. Sometimes that one auto is such a big difference maker in whether you proc Braum stun or not. So with Braum E, Solstice Slay, and Bandal Pipes offering up movement speed, your ability to close the gap and get a few auto procs off yourself is amazing. The fact that Bandal Pipes attack speed amp does not have a cool down at all is what's making the item so egregious. If you are in a five-man skirmish, then you'll be providing your teammates with at least 2,000 gold worth of stats throughout that entire fight. 20% attack speed has a gold value of 500. So with four teammates present, that adds up to 2,000 gold total. So the standard core build for Braum consists of a banal pipes rush into locket second, while Solstice Slay is the item upgrade. Matchup wise for Braum, he's going to have a more difficult time up against double range. So banning out Senna is good value. And then to round out the top three for support in 26.3, we've got Nami. So, Nami continues to be one of the most powerful solo Q enchanters for this season as she's got a very high play rate and win rate to start the year. Something really underrated about Nami that's making her even better is the fact that Echo of Helia is a super powerful second core item for her. We covered this setup in our 26.2 OP builds video, but if you didn't see that, then the reason Echo of Helia is so much better on Nami for this season is because the heal you get from the item now scales off how much damage you're able to deal. The more damage you deal, the greater heals you will be getting from Echo of Helia. So, with Nami being an enchanter who can actually deal a good chunk of damage in skirmishes, she gets great value out of the item. Nami synergy with the most popular ADCs is amazing right now, too, as she's winning a ton with Kate, Jinx, and Kai'Sa, who are the three most played in meta. With Kate and Jinx both being longer ranged, just throwing Nami E down on them provides a really simple but effective trading tool for lane. You're going to want to try and avoid laning into hook supports when playing Nami, as she is more vulnerable to being bursted out if CCd in lane. So, either Nautilus or Thresh are good bands for the current meta. All right, guys. One last thing. Our rankup guarantee is insane. It's like signing up for the gym and getting a refund if you don't get ripped. That's how confident we are in Skillcap. We obsess over making the best guides with top players, rigorous testing, and top tier video editing to make your climb easy. If you're ready to level up, visit skillcap.com and see the difference. So, that's going to wrap everything up for the 26.3 edition of the best solo carries. Thank you all so much for watching. We'll see you in the next one.
