Title: DEATHFIRE TOUCH BROKE KARTHUS... THIS RUNE SETUP = ILLEGAL DAMAGE
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROe4O9lXLOo

Content:
Um, this guy took he smited my camp. Oh my god, the storm surge actually saved my life. That's insane. >> All right, guys. In this game, I'm playing Carthus Jungle into Kha'Zix and we're going to be trying the new ruin, Deathfire Touch. I do say new ruin, but it used to be in the game, but then they read added it, so I call it a new rune. But apparently, this rune is really, really, really broken. And it's not just on Carus itself. It's in general, this rune is really broken. But I think Carus is one of the biggest abusers just cuz he has so much AoE burn damage in his kit. Uh he clicks R, he he burns five people with the the DFT. Overall, I've played a little bit a few games of it. I've tried it so far. It is incredibly broken. I'm pretty sure they're going to roll out a hot fix nerf to it. I'm pretty I don't know if they have announced it or not, but I have seen uh I think a rider was talking about it that they're planning to hot fix nerf uh DFT. But I mean, this is before the hot fix nerf, so like, you know, the damage is obviously going to be really broken. Even through the nerf, I I think it'll still still be good, but we'll just have to wait and see uh how it is or like exactly what the nerf's going to be. But in this matchup, um I did take Ignite. I do really enjoy igniteing the jungle. You don't have to go it if you don't want to. Uh the way I feel about ignite is that if you're going to take a summoner spell that isn't flash, it should be ignite. uh people to go exhaust all the time in the car on car this jungle. And I do believe that exhaust is like actually so overrated in the jungle just because it's like why would you take exhaust when you can take ignite when it's a shorter cool down and then like it's just you do so much damage to where they can't even end up invading you. Uh and if they do they try to one v if they one v one you just uh going to kill them all. Oh wait they actually he actually started my camps or he took my camps here. I was about to go do a kug bug but then I saw my red was gone. So, I guess I have to go invade his top side. You can see, you know, he's ganking my balling on the mini map, but I have to make this play mid here. I mean, this should be a free kill possibly. >> I think this guy should be dead. I mean, uh, I'm just going to drop the just cuz he's doing a lot of damage to me. I'm only level three. If I was level four, that'd be much easier. But, I mean, we're just going to drop the knight. Better safe than sorry. I think he hit me with the electrocute as well. So, even though he's took my red and cro, we can go just path over and take his top side here just because obviously we got to do something while he he invaded me, right? And we're not going to go for the red buff just in case. I think he's going to show up to the red buff possibly and I don't want to risk dying. So, we'll do the crab and then we'll take his kugs right after. We'll probably ignore the red buff just cuz it's kind of hard to take. Um, if I start it and he pulls up, I will die. There is a chance he's doing his red here. So, we can as he takes the bread buff, we can go take his krugs and he wouldn't expect me to do this. It's more so that I just feel like if I go straight up to take Oh, wait. He actually jumped over. Um, I got to do a Q smite. I got the Q smite off. Okay, he can get the small ones. That's okay. Not a big deal for me. So, now he's in a situation where he only has 17 CS to my 26. So, now we're going to recall here. Um, honestly, I could try to look to gank. Okay, we burned his flash. I'm happy with that. So, the problem with me ganking that is that I lost some decent tempo. So, from base, we're going to do something unique. And you probably are going to be thinking why I'm doing this, but just hear me out. What we're going to do is from base, we're going to run straight to wolves and we're going to do wolves. We're going to ignore a Gromp. The reason is if I from base take gromp and or sorry if I take my gromp and then I take my wolves he could actually take my raptors or even my kugs here. So we're going to I mean he didn't end up taking my gromp. That's okay. It's cuz I haven't got a base off and from if he bases and runs straight to my Okay, no he didn't do it. Okay, never mind. I mean I could in my head the play was so much better but uh he didn't even do what I was thinking. I mean, maybe he does run to my raptors here and I wouldn't be able to defend this if uh if I take my Gromp here. So, it's not even that bad of a play. I guess he's trying to run to my kugs or something. I don't know. I just saw him pulling up somewhere. But, you know, I think it's fine for us to skip our Gromp just for the good tempo. And what we also could do afterwards is maybe play for his top side. Like, because my tempo was kind of bad, that's why we kind of skip our Gromp here. And he I I think he tried to look for my raptor camp and nothing was up. So he ganked a mid here. Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's what happened. Okay, they trade one for one. That's fine. We can go mid and we can force a gank on his raptors because I skipped Gromp. We can actually make this play. So that's why I had to I had to skip for the tempo. I'm going to help. I'm going to just push in this guy's wave just because his wave state's really bad. And we'll take this wave and we'll run straight to his raptors. He's jumping over, but I want to fight this. I I definitely think we should fight it. Um my Trundle flashed in like a psychopath. You know, I could respect the uh the hustle right there. I respect the attempt. This guy is just zoned off. He's trying to walk and he has no jump, so he should just be dead. He flashed. Does he die to the burn? He might die to my burn. 100% sure. Uh yes, he actually lives. That must have been really close. But this guy has no flash. Kills my Trundle. Okay, he dies and we get the smite. And that's fine. Honestly, that's fine. There is a Riven here. I think I'm going to die, but maybe we can kill. I'm going to just press R to do damage to help him here. Oh my god, the Kha'Zix didn't recall, so he died. Okay, well, if I get assist on the Riven and like I I think that's really good for my game. Oh my god, because I aled I got two assists and a kill. I got an assist bot lane cuz apparently this guy's 1v2ing and I got an assist on the Riven right there, but I killed Kha'Zix cuz he didn't get the recall off. So my alt value was so insane right there. Plus we have DFT deathfire touch which which means we take Axim Arcane is second. So we got a lot of uh like assists or whatever. So my alt cool down's even shorter off it. The reason that DFT is so good in general compared to Dark Harvest uh just because the domination tree is really weak uh in in in DFT in the sorcery tree you're getting so much value. You're getting axim arcanist. You can go uh absolute focus if you want to, but I usually take uh transcendence and then you go gathering storm if you like the gathering storm AP. compared to the uh the the red tree with the domination with the dark harvest. You only get cheap shot and then that's kind of it. I mean, you can go treasure hunter or ultimate hunter if you want, but the warding tree is kind of just like horrible in general. Like, I mean, back in the day, there used to be eyeball collection, which was amazing. But yeah, since there's no eyeball collection, it kind of sucks. I'm going to just skip red just to go for a gank here because they're super overextended. Uh, there's the flash. >> He does die, but I should be able to kill this guy. Oh, I got hit by the bubble, so I don't end up killing the Caitlin like But I do end up getting a double kill. This guy should be dead, too. All right, nice. We got a double kill and then we just push the wave here just because we got the uh we skipped the red buff there. We were able to go for that gank. That's what a lot of junglers and just players in general struggle um when they play when they play jungle. I feel like they're just too AFK farming and just not paying attention to the map. Sometimes it's okay to skip your camps to go for ganks. And that was a perfect example of why I do that sometimes. As I said, and I lose another wave. I'm out of the game at this point. I'm going to hit him with a relaxed brother. I will carry this. Don't worry. Oh, we are getting jumped though. My Ekko's not here yet, but I will be dead. But obviously, he can clean up, I think. All right. Nice. I mean, it's a it's a two for two cuz Tron died earlier, but that's fine. From base, they just jump me. I mean, they're double assassins, but you know, we got a we got a two for two. That's fine. So, you can see so far, um, 400 damage. DFT 8 minutes into the game. Uh, obviously, last stand is always going to be doing last. These are the runes I have right now. Axi Marcanus has done 80. I've only alleded once and gathering storm hasn't hit yet, but you know, I mean, the the tree itself, it just has so much value. You're getting your alt damage amped up. You're getting gathering storm, you're getting haste, and you're getting your main source of damage, which is the burn. Compared to the domination tree, you're not getting as much as you do as the uh the blue tree here. I should be able to take this in time. I don't think he's going to even try to contest me here. I'm pretty sure there's free grouch. He's going in. I'm trying to I'm going to wait for him to click his Okay, never mind. He's dead. I was I was I was going to say I was going to wait for him to click his shield, but then he didn't even use it. If Kha'Zix does pull up on me, I can definitely beat him in a 1 v one. I don't know where he is, though. But we can look for him. A lot of people think that Carus will lose one v one to Kha'Zix, but I'm telling you with the ignite, it's not even going to be close. Okay, you can see right here, and he's just dead. Okay. Well, I said it it's not going to be close, but it was definitely closer than I thought it was going to be. He did way more damage than I anticipated, but it's probably because I had uh the isolated damage. So, you know, technically it was um it was kind of close, but you know, we still won the 1v one. I also think cuz I have Ignite, I beat him right there and I got the drop on him just because I burned his uh his first strike. Maybe if I missed another Q, I probably would have died, but you know, it it's fine. Getting a kill is nice. Our CSing is still really solid. You can see our runes are starting to put in decent work as well. Um 400 dam I still haven't al I've only aled once but we also got the gathering storm uh value coming in right now. Now I haven't really played for any dragons yet and I probably should try. Uh I mean we've just been fighting a lot. The tempo has just been about fighting and and just killing their Kha'Zix. it. The only reason the it's like that is because he I think he did his blue into my red and then my prog. So that's why I kind of had to play for tempo early compared to objectives. I mean, we didn't get the grubs, but that's kind of it. I think their jungler is going to be down bot here. There he is. We can counter gank this. He's flashing on my AD carry who is obviously going to die, but we can kill him right afterwards. He's dead. We don't have much mana, so we have to play a little careful. We're dropping a lot of Q's. We hit every Q on that guy and he just got popped. That was like three Q's and he died and that was uh I mean that was not even that bad. It was a two for two for me. I think we take those. Unfortunately, I was not able to push in the wave, but that's still okay cuz we're two levels on their jungler right now. He only has uh he only has um what do you call it? Like one item compared to me. We're about to have two items here. still. >> Yeah, he he's um 58 CS to 111. We're just so ahead of him right now. I was going to go Leandre second, but since they're all super squishy, I'm going to get a Shadow Flame second and then I can just go a Leandre's third if I do want to. And uh if he tries to jump me here, I should be able to win the 1v one. I still haven't taken the dragon yet. I know. But that's still like if if both teams haven't taken dragons, that's okay. This guy is jumping me though. I think I'm going to die here. Obviously, they're I mean, it's a 1v2. I can kill the Kha'Zix obviously, but I don't know if he's going to die. I think he's going to get his shield off, unfortunately. Oh, that sucks. Oh, wait. He actually died to the burn. And that guy died as well. What? That guy is trolling. He actually died to the burn. That That That's actually really surprising, but that's because the DFT burn, the burn overtime actually ended up killing him. And that's why DFT is so broken. And we got an assist bot lane. So now my R is back up again in 100 seconds just because of the um the assist we got off pressing R with the Axim Arcanist. The death fire touch is kind of insane as you can see. Like the fact that that guy dies is insane. He died like 3 seconds later after the fight. I thought he was out and he just like got his shield off, but no, he actually died. But the dying tanking turret and dying was just really really dumb of her. It is good though cuz we do end up getting our item here. Um Oh, okay. I almost messed that up. We should probably start playing for a dragon just because it's been up for quite some time. But I mean, like I like I was saying earlier, if neither teams take dragons, it's not even like it's better for me because the longer the game goes, the better scaling we have cuz we're playing Carthus and we have Gathering Storm. So, if neither teams are taking the dragon, it's still fine. I was trying to go for the dragon, but this guy jumped me here. So, unfortunately, we are dead. But he can get the kill. That's okay. I mean, that's kind of also a reason why I'm not even trying to do dragons because every time I walk in, there is someone just jumping me. Whether it's a Diana or a Kha'Zix, it just seems like I'm the main target. But, you know, that makes sense. They're playing two. They're playing like three assassins on the enemy team because I kind of consider Riven one as well. All right. So far so good. We have like 10 CS a minute. We have 900 damage on the DFT. Um, from base, I'll probably go to Kugs and then go for dragon just because there's nothing else on the map. I mean, we can look for a bot gank as well. Seems like they if they go for this gank, I'm going to click R and get two assists here. There is the arrow. I I'm just going to press R for the assist. I don't need the kill, especially, but you can see the damage we did was pretty solid right there. That was a level two Carus with the Axim Arcanist into the double assist. And our R is back up again in 100 seconds because of the Axiom Arcanist. So far, I've got an extra 400 damage from my alt, which is not too bad. I think that's okay. And just like that, it's our first dragon. 14 minutes into the game. First dragon isn't ideal, but it's okay. It's all good just because my scaling this game is going to be crazy. We can kill. We can definitely dive this guy. Volibear has alt one Q, two Q's, three Q's, four Q's. Oh my god, four Q's and the burn actually kills him right there. That was a full HP Riven with Merk treads. So he has some MR. After hitting four Q's on him, he is just dead. Like you can see the burn is just having so much value in these fights. And like the thing is I've only like been in like a one v one or one v like two situation. If I'm hitting five people with uh with my burn, like with my E on or something, it's going to do insane damage. Now, you can see on the mini map, they're all on the uh the top side here. They took the Herald, so we're going to look for his bot side, obviously, because there's no point of me walking all the way to um like my top side here. We take his bot side, we recall, and then we go cover top side, just because I think they're definitely going to try to make a play top. whether it's going to be a dive on whoever goes top here might get dove or it might just be them waiting my jungle. Regardless, I think we have to go check. I mean, my alt is coming up as well, so if they try to jump me here, we should be fine. He is level 11 only and we're level 13. We're really strong. Um, he's trying to kill me here, but I think he doesn't have the damage to kill me. You can see our burn just did so much to him. And that guy's dead as well. All right, not too bad. We I mean we we lost our top side, but it's okay. There's there's two fights happening right now. On the mid fight, they're fighting. In the bot fight, they're fighting. I'm just going to click R. And uh yeah, that guy's dead. I probably should have aled like a second earlier and I also would have killed their Caitlyn, but that's fine. >> Kill. >> Not too bad. If this guy jumps me, I will trade one for one. I don't know if he's actually going to jump me though. But yeah, you can see so far 13 kills at 16 minutes. 1,400 damage off the DFT. Not too bad. I mean, it's I mean, obviously, last stand's doing more damage, but that's cuz last stand value is always going to like outdamage. Like, sometimes last stand out damages my Dark Harvest in general. So, it it's hard to compete with Last Stand in general. But overall, I I really enjoy this rune right now. It It's like a It's like a refreshing new rune compared to going dark harvest every game. I used to go first strike a decent amount, but that also feels really bad this season. or in general. Actually, no. I think this season feels way worse. First Strike just feels like it's it's just over nerfed and the damage just doesn't really feel that good, especially as a range character. I mean, like I just been going Dark Harvest, but you know, this is a nice uh thing to have for a champion like Carthus. I think it's also broken on like Brand and I've also seen uh people going DFT on AD champions like Smolder and Gangplank and like Yoro. I think Yoro is also a DFT abuser. They're sitting here. But I don't know if uh Okay, that guy died. This guy flashed on him and he doesn't even die or didn't even kill the Trundle. He died to my Q right there. That's so sad. I'm pretty sure my Q did so much damage to him. He was not able to kill my Trundle there, but he does die right there to the uh the Rivenald. Uh this guy's flashing on me. Okay, we just got popped, but we can kill him in our passive. We're doing a lot of damage on our passive. This guy is zooming with the ghost. Unfortunately, I was not able to hit many Q's on that guy, but still fine. That flash aled me, so I I kind of insta died. Maybe Volibear can kill here. I mean, he's running him down, but I think they're just going to get out. They're a little too fast. Maybe he'll kill the Yeah, he's definitely killed the Caitlin. Okay, that's okay. Um, I mean, I do have alt if he tries. I mean, if he gets on lower, I can click R. I'm just putting on my way just to let him know I do have ultimate. He's dancing on him, though. But we can just we're just going to keep our eye on them. That's what you usually want to do when you're playing Carthus. When you have alt up, you just want to look at your teammates's POV and if someone is low, you can just click R and get a free kill or even assist. Dragon spawning in 30 seconds. We're just going to path through that and take it. I know it's not like it's not even close to soul, so it might be a long game, but you know, like I I think we'll be fine. I'm going to just take my top side here, recall, get my storm surge, and then I'll I'll have um I have four items at the second dragon fight. So, I don't think they can even like contest it at all. Yeah. I mean, we're also about to have the uh the 20-minute gathering storm, so we're going to be even stronger at uh the 20 minute mark. So, like with this pair, I I do think with the DFT pair, Rabidons is definitely better compared to like when I used to go dark harvest, I wouldn't go raidons. So, I I think uh if I'm going to be going DFT, I'm going to be building raidons way more often just because the burn get you get more value from your burn plus you have gathering storm. So, if you get to like hit the like the 30 40 minute mark, um your your rabbiton's value is even higher. Um, this guy took he smited my camp. Oh my god, the storm surge actually saved my life. That's insane. Wait, how did I even live? Is it because he died to the storm surge? I got the triumph and then the other guy died as well. That's insane. The fact that I lived there. I expected to take the death, but that was uh you can see the burn damage is kind of insane, is it not? And just like that, their their base has exploded. That was some crazy damage. I said, "How's new rune on Carthus? Seems Oh, something Thanos." And I mean, I'm I think it's actually broken until like they hot fix nerf. This rune is going to be the best rune on Carus definitely for sure right now. Like you can go with jungle, you can go with bot lane. I I think in every role it's just too broken. This guy's jumping me, but when you click R, somebody's going to be dead to my alt right here. Right. Okay, two of them died. You can see that damage to Caitlyn. Did you guys see that? She went from full health to almost losing all her uh HP right there. That was just all my ultimate and the game is just over. But bro, we do way too much damage. This rune is like I deserves a nerf obviously, but it's so broken. Regardless, it was kind of a short game, but I hope you guys enjoyed watching. Thank you all so much for watching. Hey guys, really quick before this video ends. If you want to see me play other champions outside of Carus, make sure to subscribe to my second channel. All my links are in the description below. I really appreciate all the support you guys have been showing me. And as always, thank you all so much for watching.
