Title: Which Champs Could Actually Abuse the New Runes?!
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAjFG3Vv-mo

Content:
Good. After new gamers, season 2 added two new runes and rework combat. So, I thought it would be fun to make a tier list on which champions would use the new runes the best. Deathfire Touch applies a burn when damaging enemies, and the longer the better. Stormbers surge replace Phase Rush and now triggers based on damage dealt instead of three damage instances. And common damage is based on distance. So, let's get into it. Akali, we could make a case for DFT if she needs a mobility, but she already has a lot of mobility already. so we can get test and needed. Ashan would be the same. He probably doesn't need it. Has enough of mobility, but who knows? Alistar is a big phase rush rip. Unfortunately, support Alistar. I think a lot of pro players are doing unsealed spell book now. But Alistar was a great user of phase rush, but now he can't because Storm Radius requires I think um 25% damage or a big percent of damage that Allistar will just never be able to hit unless you're going AP. So, feels bad for Alistar, but that's all right. Amumu. We could see DFT uh Amumu because of his burn. He has burns on his E or not burns on his E but he has passive damage with his W and procs his E a lot and R and often times Amumu's build like to build Leandre. So we could see DFT. It would make him a little bit more squishier, but maybe that could be a fun build that people can see. We can also see him maybe in Storm Raider Surge, but I don't think so. Anevia would be an enjoyer, I think, of both DFT and Storm Raider Surge. Storm Resurge. Uh, a lot of pro players already use phase rush, so it would be good for Anivvia. And DFT, I think, would synergize really well with her ultimate, making giving her a little bit more damage boost. I think one of the problems with Anivvia is her damage cycles. It just takes too long for her to do meaningful damage, but maybe with DFT, she can do quicker damage. Aan Soul, I would say, is also in the same camp, would probably really benefit from DFT as long as he can breathe a lot. Um, but also with his E or whatever his ability that puts the circle on the ground and his ultimate would also benefit. He also could take Storm Surge if he needs some mobility, but he can also fly away. Yeah, Azer also could be taking DFT I think would be good on him um if he can extend the burn. It's not too crazy, but we could see or we can also put him in testing needed to see. Lethal Temple is already a great choice. Bard I don't think would benefit from anything. Blitzcrank could use Storm Rage Surge if he needs more mobility, but it's not too crazy. Brand, of course, we'll put him in the DFT. We'll put him in a DFT camp, of course. I feel like this room was made for him. But I also like to play Fraser Rush in Brand Jungle sometimes for some extra mobility. So, I think he could use either. Braum, not really. Caitlyn and other most ADCs will probably not use their new runes. We could make a case for Arcane Comet like poke Caitlyn, but I don't think that's too crazy. Cassidia is another enjoyer. her along with like Swain and Lilia will be these kind of champs that used to run conqueror but have this like weird synergy with like extended magic damage over time and burn. And that's why I think DFT is perfect for these champions um because it just uh benefits them so well. We could also give her storm rear surge if she needs some mobility, but DFT would be really good also with the poison that ticks. Cho'Gath could go I think Storm Raider Surge. Um I don't think he needs DFT again. He's more of a burst champion with his ultimate, but if he needs some more ability, he can probably take it, though most Cho'Gath players don't take phase rush, so who knows? Uh, Darius uh would also take Storm Rage turrets. You can see phase rush Darius in a tough matchup or um in jungle. So, I think he would benefit from that as well. Just honestly, if you see this, just replace her with phase rush and it's the same thing. Diana, I don't think would benefit too much from DFT. Uh maybe if she gets an extended fight, DFT could be useful and she's applying burn, but I think her focus more comes from more ultimate um and making team fights, which I don't think DFT could benefit from, but who knows? And we could also put her in the storm raised church camp if she needs more mobility, but who knows? Uh next up, like I said, Ekko will probably not benefit from any new runes like Ari and most other assassins because they already have mobility. um they don't rely on distance poke and they don't rely on extended um damage. They're more about their burst identity and going in and getting out. So they probably won't benefit or choose a new runes at all. Same thing with Elise. You could make a case if you want to play slow with like cuz I know some Elisees take conquer maybe could make a instance but I don't think so. As for we can see comet I can see making a difference or even DFT if you're able to apply the burn extending off but we'll just put them in comet for now. Um, not anything too crazy, but especially with the AP Ezreal changes, he could be up there. Fiddlesticks would definitely benefit from DFT. I think with his big ultimate, if he gets a huge ultimate, DFT is going to do a lot of damage. He could also get star surge for more mobility, but it'll be fun to do DFT field six to see how much damage he could do. Vier Fizz, nothing. Um, Gallo would do Star Search just replace it with Faze Rust if he needs to take it. Gangplank has already been taking DFT. Been pretty popular. You can proc it a lot with your ultimate or with your barrels and your poke and I think it's a good choice on Gangplank. Garen of course will take Stormary Surge and is already taking Storm of Surge making him quite annoying. Gra um no not so much. Gragas is in the same taking phase rush. Nothing too crazy there. Grace, you could make a case for DFT especially because I think it has bigger AD scaling than it does AP, but I'm not too sure. So, we could say testing needed for now. Gwen, I don't think uh will rely on anything. She's not um a burst champion. Well, she can be, I guess, but she already has a lot of mobility, already has a lot of damage. You could make a case for Deathfire Touch, but I think she's fine. She's already OP enough. Hecrim storm surge would enjoy that. Heimerdinger will probably enjoy a DFT, especially if you go something like Blackfire torch and Leandre. Illaoi probably nothing unless she wants some mobility. Aurelia, nothing. Ivvern, maybe DFT if you get some boss AP enjoyers that like to mess people up with Daisy. I'm not sure, but that will probably be more testing needed. Jana will probably still uh take Comet support Jana, but it'll probably benefit her even more because it's based on distance now. And if you get a good whirlwind out, it's going to [music] do a lot more damage. Jacks, AP Jacks or other Jack variants will probably use Star Maid Surge. Jace as well, if you need phase rush, you can probably just take it. He could also take arcane make a case for arcane comet Jace based on poke. So I guess he can go either one but most likely picking storm ray surge if it needs the mobility jin I thought would be fun because comet is now based off distance. Maybe there could be a case for poke jin with your W's or your Rs. Maybe it needs more testing needed but who knows Jyn kind of is one of those homeless champions that can take any rune I feel like. So maybe comet could be good for him. Jinx, Kai'Sa, Kalista. Not anything too crazy here. I don't think Karma DFT could be a great choice for her, especially mid Karma or maybe support Karma if you get a lot of cues off. Carus could be comet because it's based off distance. I haven't tested any of this but or if there's a cap to the distance but technically if you ult from base for example that could be a huge amount of distance and I'm not sure if that affects comet like it might have max distance of how it's affected but he can use arcane comet and he could also use DFT but we'll put him in DFT for now cuz this would be really good with him especially in a team fight um with his ease and his Q's and his ultimate um he would really benefit from deathfire touch. I have seen a Kathan take deathfire touch. I think it could work for him with his extended play style with his ult and ult and ult. Um, so it could work with him. I don't think it's the craziest thing on him, but it could. Katarina could though she's more of a burst champion. We could see DFT, but again, she's going to want to go on with old and get out, not do anything extended, but maybe more testing needed. Kale, if she needs some mobility, she could take Storm Raider Surge, but I don't think it's too crazy. And I don't think she would benefit from DFT either. I mean, she could, but more testing [music] needed. Kane, probably not. cannon could use DFT in the same vein of Fiddlesticks of a big ultimate user. AP cannon of course, not the new [music] AD cannon. Next up is Kog'ma. Kog'ma could definitely use Deathfire Touch though. I think he's running PTA [music] or Lethal Temple now, but I think um we could see Kog'ma uh DF or Comet. What am I saying? [music] Comet would be great on Kog'Ma, especially AP Kog'ma with his ult, but I think he can run either one. So, we'll put him up in [music] Arcane Comet now. Casante, nothing. Leblanc, again, another burst champion. Nothing. Nothing for Le. That thing for uh Leona. Lilia is another one of those Casio like Oops. What the heck? Is another one of those Casio quote unquote like champions. Um where they usually take conqueror like Swain. We'll put we'll come and grab Swain as well. Where's Swain? There he is. Oh, and he's [music] by Nico. Where they use Conqueror often and have this extended play style with a lot of AP damage over time. And I think those three, Casio, Lilia, and Swain would greatly benefit from Deathfire Touch. If you imagine like a 10-second Swain ultimate, that would be crazy. Lilia as well with her burn over time. Combos super well. Also with Leandre, there are going to [music] be awesome DFT users. I'm excited to try that build out with them and see how it goes. Landre also I don't think would be too crazy. She's more of a burst champion with her CC. [music] If you get into extended fights, I can see DFT being useful, but I think electrocute takes the cake. Lex, of course, will enjoy Arcane Kama, especially on long range ultimates. Uh, Malight would probably use Storm Surge if [music] he needs more mobility. Malahara is already a good DFT enjoyer. It's pretty self-explanatory. He's a lot of damage over time and usually runs Blackfire torch and so I think he'll benefit a lot. And all of his damage comes from damage over time. Anyways, Maai will probably use Storm Raider Surge if he needs some more mobility. I don't think he'd be a good DFT enjoyer. He could, but I don't think that's just part of his identity. Fortune DFT. I thought about this. This could technically work. Or Arcane Comet, but maybe AP support misfortune could make a comeback with DFT um with some ERS maybe. Or maybe we need some more tests needed, but that could be a fun build to try. Just don't try it in ranked, of course. More I think could use DFT again. is probably in the same boat as Lilia and Swain and Casio with his conqueror choice as long as he can apply his passive and hit his ability. I think DFT would be great for him. If he needs more ability, he can also go for storm rage. But yeah, I think he could definitely take death touch and and make it work. Morana, of course, would be a huge DFT enjoyer. Also similar to Brand Q's and W's would just [music] amplify her damage a lot. And so I'm really excited to see how that works. You could also make a case for Arcane Comet if you hit a max [music] range Q and does a lot of damage, but I think DFT would be better for Morana. Nefiri, I've seen I think I saw one Nefiri DFT um just because of her bleed which does damage over time, but I don't think it would be anything too crazy and you probably just want to run electrocute or conqueror >> [music] >> um in mid lane or in jungler. But, you know, we could make a case for that. Uh phase rush or I'm sorry, storm surge for NAS is probably a good thing. Um you could make a case for DFT, but I don't think [music] so. Nas or that's not Nasus, that's Nautilus jungle. Also could use Storm Raider surge [music] or if he support Nico again I think is more of a burst champion so I don't think it would benefit DFT too much. Nidi I could make a case for extended fights um with her poke [music] in her traps. We could see DFT in Italy. Nidi players take conqueror. Some Lily players [music] take dark harvest but if that's the case that's more burst oriented. So then DFT wouldn't be good. So I guess we could say testing needed. Nila nothing. Nocturn Noo-Noo. Not really thinking anything either. Um except for tank Noo-Noo often takes phase rush. So we'll put him in the storm [music] rage column. Next up is Oriana. Oriana takes airy. Um of course pro players or high elo players will probably take storm surge if needed. Arcane comet maybe for lane bullion, but I don't think [music] uh so and I don't think she'll use DFT very well. Or nothing. Pantheon nothing Poppy. No, a lot of these AD champions. Oh, I'm sorry. Poppy could use storm surge if she's jungle and needs phase rush. Yeah, for sure. Nothing too crazy here. I don't believe a lot of these champions down here wouldn't use it. Don't use phase rush and probably don't need the burst damage and would probably just use conqueror um for the AD damage unless you need like super crazy AP. Ronaldo Riven probably nothing. Rumble of course would definitely use DFT or phase rush if he needs I'm sorry, storm surge. [laughter] It's just harder to say for some reason. I guess we can call it SRS, but it doesn't roll off the tongue as F rush as as much. He would use DFT and storm surge a lot. Of course, um I'll probably take DFT in must matchups, but if you need mobility, you can probably take Storm Surge. Next up is Rise. Um probably either both. Um especially with Aculyer and Rise likes to sling a lot of spells during team fights. So, I can see DFT especially if he gets his spread off um applying a lot of damage. And also if not he can just take storm rate surge and be fine. Saraphene would probably be benefit from DFT. I think her build now is airy or comet but she also builds blackfire torch and has a lot of good extended damage. So I think DFT could benefit her. Oh well. Also if she needs some mobility she could take storm research cuz she's pretty squishy and immobile. Sho uh AP Shako would definitely benefit from DFT. I think he takes Dark Harvest now for AP Shico or maybe Halo Blades. If you get some pretty crazy traps going, um, I think he would benefit from DFT a lot. Shyvana, I've already tested this and this was a lot of fun. It wasn't too crazy, but DFT Shyvana would is amazing and I love the AP changes they did with Shyvana. Always wanted to make it work and now you can make it work. I got her E cooldowns to about 3 seconds and I did a ton of damage. So, that's been a lot of fun. So, she would benefit just full AP. You could make a case for 80 Shyvana um cuz she might take conqueror. I'm not Sure, I haven't tested that, but we could put that in testing even. But yeah, DFT for sure and maybe Storm Rage Surge if she needs more mobility. Ding, I think, has already been in joy of DFT and storm rage um because of his poison. I think he would be great DFT user. Synra, I don't think would will if she needs phase rush, sure, but I don't think she would use DFT. Um unless you get in a long extended fight in team fights, which isn't often the case, or you're not a pull player, I don't think she'll use DFT that well. Um, but if you do, then it could be good. If not, I think Comet is fine um with your E poke or just storm rage if you need the mobility. We can put her in both. Tia could be getting a damage boost. She could go comet. Um, she'll probably go storm rage and most mo play most pro players will do so, but I can also see a case of DFT if she gets a lot of Q's off. But again, I think in pro and high elo, she's more about her combo and stun rather than doing a ton of damage. That's just kind of her identity. kind of like an RA charm bot charm bot. So, I think she'll stick in here, but there could be a case for DFT to Leia to see if she does more damage. Next up is Teemo Teemo jungle. Um, or top. You can go dark harvest or you can go DFT now and build a shroom build and have a lot of fun with that. After Teemo is Udier, I think Udier, a lot of upper AP enjoyers could use DFT with the ultimate and I know there's the boss build that sends the ultimate on them. I think DFT would work really well for that. Or [music] you could also take comet again in the same vein um with the poke or you could take storm surge if you need more mobility. He kind of fits in all three camps, but we'll put him in DFT for now. And this is for AP uder. I don't I'm not I'm not sure about AD udier, but yeah, Varys would definitely benefit from the new comet changes as he's a poke champion. I don't think he would benefit from BFT too much, but comet is his bread and butter. Uh Vagar is an interesting one. I would say he's more about his one-shot burst, but if you get extended [music] fights, DFT could be good. But from his single target damage, I don't think so. And I think it'd be more for comet or for storm rage. We'll have to do some testing. I don't play Vigar, but um maybe Deathfire Touch would be really good on him. Velcos could use Comet again similar to Varys and maybe Zerith, more of a long-range artillery mage, so Comet would do really well with him. I think you could make a case for death fire touch, but I think most [music] often comet would be uh best suited for him. Vex I don't think would benefit. Again, she's more of a burst champion, so electrocute is just fine. [music] I guess if you get some extended fights, DFT would be fine, but I don't think she really needs it. Um, Victor or old Victor uh would definitely benefit from DFT. You get a big huge ultimate and your laser doing a lot of damage. You can also take stom surge on him if you need some mobility and maybe you can take Comet in lane if you want to bully your champs or your enemy a lot more. So, he could fit in all three camps. [music] I guess it's just what you want. Comet would be maybe more for lane and poke. Stormary Surge if you need some mobility or DFT just I think in general will be really good on him. Vladimir I think would also benefit from DFT. He also sometimes takes phase rush i.e. storm surge. So we can put him up here and we can probably put him down here. Zerith will probably be arcane comet. You could make a case for DFT um if he gets a lot of extended spells off. The burners champs I think it could make a difference but I think we'll put him in comet [music] for now. York. I know some York players do take comet. So, I think that would benefit even well with the epoke and you could technically make a case with DFT York with the ghouls and maiden. That might be kind of crazy. So, we could put him in testing needed, but uh we'll put him in comet [music] for now. Yum, me probably not. You could take Arcane Comet, but it's nothing too crazy. Zed is a burst champion, so probably nothing. No, Ziggs uh Comet for sure in lane and just in general with his ultimate. You could make a case for DFT, but you have to make sure you hit your skill shots and keep hitting your skill shots because DFT benefits the most from extended [music] application. So now we'll just put him in Arcane Comet. Zillian would probably be the same as an Arcane Comet enjoyer. Zoe again is more of a reverse champion in my opinion. So she could use something like DFT, but I don't think it would be that great with her cuz she's more about the poke and taking you to 1% health with one combo. So Zyra I think would of course benefit from DFT with her plants and her damage over time. She'll be a great enjoyer of that. Brier nothing. Huay is either in the arcane comet camp for [music] poke and for his range or you could also make a camp case for DFT Huay. Um if you again extend your spells. I think a lot of the problems with these mages like Velcos or Zerith or Hay is that they don't have the benefit of something like a Swain or Lilia. You have to make sure you hit your skill shots. And if you don't hit your skill shots, the DFT couldn't be is at risk as not being as valuable as a comet, which would generally be more valuable. But if you can hit it and hit your spells, and that's great, and you can hit your ultimate, which would apply DFT really well, then that's great. I guess you just need to test out whether you like comet more or whether you like DFT more, and see [music] what works. Moulder, I think, could use Comet if he needs a poke, but also would benefit from DFT. I'm pretty sure he just kind of scales anyways, but I think he has decent burn damage when he gets his passive. And W I think he can see DFT for him as well. Um, Aurora is more of a burst champion. I don't think would benefit from anything. [music] Teemo we already talked about. Mel um is in the same comet or is in the same comet [music] enamp as could use arcane comet with poke could also benefit from DFT. We can put them wherever. But um yeah, try it out to see which one you like and which one you like better. Yar nothing, Zahan nothing, and we already did Travana. So, that is all it. This is my quote unquote tier list for all these users. Let me know what you think. I had a lot of fun um theory crafting this, and it's going to be fun to test a lot of them. I'm really excited to test stuff like Swain DFT, Lilia DFT, and some other things. I love addition of new runes. It really freshens up the game. Let me know what you think. Let me know if you think my tier list is crap or let me know what you think other champs would benefit from the new runes or anything else or what you're excited for for the new season. There's lots to go for and there's also new items that we can talk about. Let me know if you like this video and let me know what else you would like. And yeah, have a great rest of your
