Title: RIOT REWORKED SHYVANA JUNGLE AGAIN... This Build is INSANE!
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ZxLS2HagSQ

Content:
All right, YouTube. Time for a Shyvana video. She got another rework this patch, this new season patch, whatever you call it. And I've been trying out some builds on her. Um they buffed AP Shyvana quite a bit, but going full AP Shyvana did not seem like the way that I felt pretty bad. So, the build I'm going to be showing you in this video is basically the AP version of this champion that I would recommend, which is kind of like old Shyvana kind of style, right? Cuz full AP isn't it, but kind of bruisery AP kind of vibes is definitely it. So, that's what we're looking at. I'm making sure in your runes here to take ultimate hunter as well for the additional dragon region. Like it makes a huge difference have a bit of ultimate gem, but going something like hexplate isn't really worth it in the setup. So, having that ultimate hunter is big. You want to start out with your Q. Make sure to auto attack reset with this. And this is also the skill we're going to be maxing first. Now, they did give E better scaling as you put more points into it, better AP ratio. However, the build I'm going to be going for rushes spear of Shojin, which means that in the early game I'm basically building AD and Q is more value at that point. And then as I build my AP items later, the scaling points into E will come into play. So, I go Q max E max for that reason giving me basically the best amount of strength possible throughout my game states. So, that's what we're looking at. We're playing against Voli here in like low diamond-ish, like high emerald low diamond kind of vibe. Always make sure to auto attack reset with your Q's. And just use your abilities kind of out. Take all your abilities on level three and keep going. Shyvana is a very passive champion in the early stages of the game. You definitely want to be kind of careful with um like doing too many aggressive things cuz you need to scale up. First item completion is already big. Second item completion is even bigger and so on so on, right? Clear this. Auto attack Q W, auto attack Q E. W proc as well, bunch of damage. I could have in this case done Krugs before red buff actually because getting a second tier respawn there would be a little bit nicer, but should be fine. Not the end of the world. With the big one, auto attack Q, auto attack Q. If I had like gank pressure, I would smite this, but I currently don't have any gank options right now. So, I'm not looking to smite this. I'm just going to hold my smite for bot scuttle. Extra Q first as I said because we're going to go for like spear of Shojin angles first. Sometimes your pets can steal this. It's fine. Uh we'll be careful. Volibear is not a fight I want to take. So, if he does show up, I'm going to play safe. We're going to walk above it and kite it down. This way I can avoid him from this angle. Smite it. Volibear is top. I can backside gank bot lane here. I'm going to walk around it. Maybe I didn't have to walk around it. I kind of trolled maybe. I could eat you, but Going to hit the Pantheon. I don't think he has a shield, so he should be dead here. That's one. Then I do have red buff, so I'm going to auto attack, auto attack Q, auto attack flash Q, E. Okay, we're good. Make sure I get the distance on that. Make sure to shove the wave here quickly. Good job, guys. Uh maybe I looked a little far here. Uh I just wanted to be like safe, but my team kind of lost that fight pretty hard, so I didn't have to be as safe as I was. And so we go spear first. Oh, oops. Buy this. Get a sweeping trinket and run back to our camps. And we just clear again, right? Nice little full clear, nice little bot lane gank, decent gank opportunity, decent timer. We make a nice play and we just go back to our camps making sure to stay consistent above anything else. We know that Volibear is pathing towards top side as well, which is good to note. So, that means we are not interacting with the enemy jungler, which is perfect for us because we do not win that fight. So, I definitely have to be a bit careful with that one. Little double cheese mid gank, I like it. Is that going to be a worthwhile play? Maybe. The wave needs to push back on bot lane anyway, so this is a good decision by my bot lane. They're not going to really lose anything. The wave's going to push back and they should be fine. Push this out and just keep clearing. Auto attack Q, auto attack Q. Keep moving. Need one more hit there. And since Voli is clearing towards top side as well, we will have a pretty decent opportunity to potentially do a dragon. So, that could be a something. Make sure I have a smite for that. Might even go for a double smite angle on that. Could do. Bot lane might be in trouble. I'm smiting this as soon as I can to save myself some clear speed, but I want to clear this before I move here. The wave is also like relatively big, so fighting bot right now is not the most favorable thing in the in the world. We're going to have to be a bit careful with that one. If we too aggressively fight on a massive wave like this, that is very favorable for their bot side. Walk up. Couldn't do it. I had to respect the Pantheon. He actually skipped his top side camps in favor for dragon. >> [screaming] >> I'll be there. Nice. Well played, brother. Good job. Yeah, I knew he was going to ward there, so I could just wait patiently. And the reason I knew that is because the Pantheon wants to get vision as fast as possible basically. And uh yeah, my Volibear had a had a really nice timer for the drake there. He just had that prior, that massive wave crashing bot side. I didn't really have any options. I don't have enough range. That's rough. That's kind of sucks for me. I could maybe scare him, prevent him from recalling for a bit. No, he played super safe. Fair enough. Check his red by any chance. No, obviously not. No problem. I think Voli is going to play ultra safe here, but if he gets any kind of greedy, I can kill him. Let's see. Ah, so close. This Yorick has to respect me. I'm just going to go back to my camps as everything is respawning. I do not want to interact further. Fair play to the Voli for getting the dragon there. I could have maybe looked to contest, but because he had so much bot prior, it just wasn't happening. I think my top laner just died as well. That sucks. I couldn't help him anymore. By the time I would have gotten there, it would have been too late. I would have had to be there instantly. We just keep clearing. No stress. We're making sure above anything that we keep good camp tempo. Wish I could have been mid lane a little faster there, but I was just slightly out of reach. Fair play for him. I would have gone raptors and dragon checked cuz I thought he was probably doing it, but with that massive bot wave, I could not. There is nothing I could have really changed about it. Auto attack Q, auto attack Q. And spear of Shojin going to cost me 1950, which I think a full clear finishes that level of gold that I need, which is actually pretty OP. I do want these grubs. I don't really want to give them to the Yorick. That would be kind of bad. Voli is bot. I'm going to do red and then move towards the grubs, I think. Cuz I don't really want Voli to be able to get those right now. Ah, shoot. My mid laner just died. It's about the worst time he could have possibly died, I think. I'm going to go for this with my pike. Shove out the wave here actually. I'm shoving wave because I want this mid prior right now. So, I can actually do this void grubs because if I don't push the wave and leave the prior in a bad state, that's not good. We need to do this now. He's not going to freeze this. He's just going to one shot the wave. It's fine. Let's take a wave. I have dragon form that I don't currently want to use. I should be able to fight. I have mid prior, I have support prior. It should be completely fine. Just got to make sure I basically do this with the mid prior cuz if I leave the wave here and it's pushed in, it's a little awkward cuz then he has the potential to move and I don't want that potential to move, right? So, even if my mid laner question mark pings me like, "Yo, why are you taking this?" I have to because of that reason. Extra E seconds. This is all good. We have a very solid recall here in a bit. Cuz I can afford my entire spear of Shojin. Perfect. Let's go buy this in one go. I'm very rich here. My camps are all spawning again and then after this full clear, I can also look for this dragon, which I'm going to be pretty strong on. So, it should be good. I was like 30 gold short, unfortunately. Twitch is a bit alone there. I need home guard my way to top lane. On my way. I basically have to go top pretty quick here. Oh, he died. That's tough. Top no flash though. Do I I think I can kill him here. I'm just going to flash for it. I'm not stalling through that whole thing. Screw it. I'm going to shove this entire wave in one go as well. Get it in here. Good. And then let's clear my camps again. Now, I do potentially lose dragon here. This this is also pretty spicy. I'm going to cut off this corner here as fast as I can. Cuz I should be able to make the speed boost on this into my W. He cannot walk this way now. He has to walk through my teammates. He has flash. Does Pike get him? Pike missed. Does he get another chance at the hook? Nice. Okay, just about just about very good. Now the only problem here is I think I just straight up lose the dragon. I think because at this point I have no dragon form and no smite. They have a lot of prio. So I don't know if I can necessarily contest this. I am pretty strong, but I got to farm out my dragon form here. I'm not going for my top side camps right now cuz I kind of want to be bit both sides since I think that's where Volibear is going to go. And let's just try to hit up as much dragon form as possible. I'm kind of close. I don't know if I'll make this. W in closer. E here. Hit the Pantheon. Going to have to go for the Voli now. That's okay. Dragon form almost. Smite him for the slow. I would need I I really do need my teammates to help me out here because this is kind of cringe right now. Good kills. I think it should be a double kill, I believe. Help me, please. Help, please. Nice. I played it perfectly for dragon form there. Fully engaged that guy. We're pretty strong here as you can tell. I this is just like whatever felt the best to me build wise. Like I'm not weak at any of these moments, and that's really good. Let's get that cleaned up. And now as you we are building more into our AB side of things. Uh we can start to put points into E more, right? You can see. The Andrius second. I get boots here perfectly plus hunting guys, which is absolutely incredible. And then we just full clear our camps all the way down again. Everything is going to be up. I can look for top scuttle potentially. I have to wait for this. So if he has the timer to get the top scuttle, that's fair. Cuz not waiting for hunting guys is very troll. This is a large damage increase. Take the boots for the omnivamp, and we go. You can go defensive boots, but I wouldn't go sorcs over these boots. These boots are better than sorcs for sure. I'm going to hit this and then see if he's here. He is indeed here. No problem. I cannot fight because if I have no dragon form, if you look at my top laner, he is currently useless. Right? Like he's one HP. That's very very blind by my top laner, my bad. I guess I should have pinged them more aggressively. Yeah, he did not pay attention to his screen there. We saw Volibear close to it, and he walked forward there. No dragon form means no kill. Going to kill this and see if I can prevent him from getting the turret perhaps. This is completely fine. I make sure he doesn't get the turret right now. And then I just need to full clear down. I can't stick around here because if I stick around here and Voli recalls and runs to my raptors, I'm absolutely cooked. He's already both side as you see because he hit the plant. Yeah, if he walks to my raptors directly there, I am cooked if I defend that turret one more time, and it just wouldn't be worth it to me. So we do this. We take three of our both side camps, and we just keep chill. We're doing very good in our CS department. My bot lane is doing incredibly well. My gangs have paid off massively there, my both side play. That is what we like to see. My top laner is okay. He's even. It's not too bad. He's a little bit behind on farm, but that's fine. Overall, we also have the scaling on our side in my opinion. I think because my champ's pretty good late game. Twitch is pretty good late game, and Flakko's also pretty damn good late game. Ergot, I'm not 100% sure about, but I never seen an Ergot do very poorly late either, so there is that. I should have smited this. At this point, I'll just hold it. Whatever. Let's go this way. I'm just going to check the vision here. There is a bunch of wards. Another ward. Auto attack you. Auto attack. All three wards of one sweeping trinket. That's huge. See if I can find an enemy. And my top laner starts to lose more and more, which is not great. I just recall, I think. Now I'm going to wait for Kaisa at this point. I do not reach. I'm just going to push the turret at this point. That's fine. And use my dragon form auto attack reset to nuke the turret down in this position. Just a little too far to reach. I think my Twitch opened up a second too early. He gets the heralds. He's going to keep pushing, I think. That doesn't look like they want to. Twitch has a lot of money. I need to back. My camps are spawning again. Uh my Ergot's in a lot of trouble. I'm also going to lose my gromp here. Pike just died mid. Okay, we're kind of falling apart a little bit. It's not ideal. I'm sure this guy is going to go for these, I think. Oh, he messed up actually. He trolled his herald. That's not a good herald, I don't think. He's not going to drive that path correctly. I can easily fight this. I'm super duper strong here. Unless my Twitch trolls though, that's a big problem actually. Dude, I'm getting absolutely griefed by the Twitch right here. Need to flash out. That's brutal. I'm dead. Man. I'm just going to kindly ask him because he absolutely griefed the hell out of us there. If he just starts hitting Voli, we win the entire fight position, but he started hitting a herald. And the thing with hitting herald there is it's really bad because the herald already bounced into the wall. So if it walks up to the turret, it's essentially nothing. It's completely useless. It's not going to dash again. So it's better to actually go prioritize the kill on the Voli first and then kill the herald after when we have a bit of down time. I can kind of see where he's coming from if the herald's still going to get a dash, but that's just not realistically happening. And I got kind of destroyed by Voli actually. Not having dragon form makes me a lot weaker, so I should should be respecting him a bit more. Come on Andrius now though. That's a big damage upgrade. We are definitely on the trolling side of things. And my Flakko got a lot of kills out of it though, to be fair. So it's not too bad. Mhm. Okay, this this Yorick is just walking away with a lot right now. Get the dragon. There's nothing I could have done about that, unfortunately. I am going to have to ult into this. Good. Get back to my top side camps real quick. Just going to run there fast. I need to just keep killing this Yorick like that, I think. His split pushing is going to be a problem. My Ergot cannot defend against it, so I don't know. Going to plant over. It's pretty aggressive, but I'm going to do it. He's here. Ward here. Make sure I get this. Need to get Need to basically farm out my dragon form again. I would really like this top scuttle right now, so I'm going to go for that, too. Let me hit this thing. There's the Voli. Beautiful. Still no dragon form for me though, but this guy should be dead. Not here. I think going over is a little too aggressive. I should be careful. Uh mid's cooked. Mid's cooked. Mid's cooked. That's bad. Need to run there quick. Oh, they're not dead. That's big, actually. Okay, I do have another hunting guys in base. I just need to full clear my camps basically here cuz everything is going to be up. I need to make sure I make some time for that right now. So that's what we'll do. And then we'll look for a recall afterwards. Quickly get through this. Get another hunting guys. My damage like this I'm only getting stronger. Like the the beauty of this build like the more items you get, the stronger you get. I think I might be getting cooked on my red buff right now. Did he have it? He doesn't have it. Okay. I thought he was going to go for it there. Well, especially with like the Yorick movement there, I thought they were going to go for it. Make sure I clear the rest of my camps so I don't lose anything. We go both into here. >> I'm I'm incredibly strong here. Look at that damage, boys. Holy they stacked up if they stack up against Shyvana E, you do so much more damage because every hit you do counts as an extra hit when they're stacked on top of each other. So, that is a disgusting amount of damage right there. Ultra dragon right there, boys. Ultra dragon. They activated my trap card by stacking them close together. >> [laughter] >> And you can see why this why I like this build though, right? Like this is the best build I've tried so far because I'm super tanky, which is amazing. And oh my god, my gold amount's really annoying actually. I need like I'm going to stick around for 50 gold here. I basically have to get it. I'm going to take this mid wave real quick. I just don't have a choice if I don't I'm trolling. Yeah, if they stack together like that, you get one dragon E on top of them. They like it just nukes them completely. They all evaporated on the spot. The more like on top of each other you have from the enemies, the better. An entire rift maker in one purchase is absolutely colossal. Now, I need to get my dragon form back and ideally I want to play for the drake here. We do not have the best baron damage. So, I try to refrain from doing that one if possible. That's a really nice catch. I'm going to go for the invade on his raptors right now. Okay, we're super duper tanky. We're chilling. Movement speed increase. Auto attack Q, auto attack Q E. He's dead and baron. He's got to do it. I think I can tank this pretty well. I hope. My true damage bites will go pretty hard here and I'm still in dragon form, so I'm significantly stronger. Because I'm still in dragon form, this is an easy force. Like the dragon form Q goes super nuclear on this thing. And I just have to make sure I get to this dragon after that pretty quickly. I'm trolling. My bad. Sorry. That's on me completely. That's very terrible by me. Take the hunting guys and keep going. I apologize to my Twitch. That was incredibly cringe by me. I should have waited that one second to give my Twitch baron. Make sure to hit this a little bit so I can get my dragon form a bit more. Sweep here. Take the Yorick out. Make sure to get rid of his maiden. That's actually pretty valuable to do. Pull him in. Focus him down. Perfect. Frontline a bit for my Urgot. I need to play like kind of careful here cuz I don't have dragon form. I'm significantly weaker without dragon form, so I try to take the Qway ulti. Try to prevent my Urgot from dying and force this guy down enough to the point where he can get pulled in by the Urgot ulti. We're doing really good work here. Make sure to clean up the dragon. And we're not going to go back to any of my own camps. At this point, I'd like to um just catch this wave in between. So, I can get this wave get pushing. Going mid's not the best either, but I can catch this wave. And then we can go from there. You You see my damage. You see like how strong this build is. It's like very very powerful. It's all like percentage damage, just HP scaly kind of vibe. It It just does the best. Full AP just dies instantly. It's very bad and it just doesn't feel good for AP versions at least. Also, the Q max is like quite important. I'm taking this wave and I'm going to take his both side camps as well. I don't really have to help my team push there. That was kind of pointless. Like just taking the wave, taking his both side camps here is more beneficial for me. This thing is going to run me 91 gold more, so I'll take the red and I'll take the blue, sorry, and then leave. The best thing I could do is recall right now cuz this is a huge item, too. And then we'll just go mid. My team should win this, I think, realistically. Close one. He almost got him. He gets that one though. This is fine. Just make sure to get the mid wave. Ulting into the Qway. W closer. He's already burning massively. I'm slow to the moon and back. God dammit, you scummy little rat. CC'd and slow to the moon and back, I swear. Now, but this is good though. Yorick's botlane, my flat's pushing top. I killed the enemy Qway, so I should be able to push here. The enemy team FF's. All right, beautiful. Well, that is it for Shyvana. The last item in this build is a deathcap to just amplify all of the AP that you have. And I mean, yeah, you see the power of this setup. I hope you guys have enjoyed this video. If you did, hit the like button, much appreciated. Be sure to subscribe if you haven't and I'll see you guys in the end game stats. Okay, so for the end game stats here, I ended up doing a 27k damage, which is a very very nice amount. Uh true damage at another 4.2. Objective damage at 38.2. Healing done, 16k. Damage taken at 25.8. Self-mitigated another 30. Gold earned at 14.1. And then here for the runes. Most importantly, take the ultimate hunter. Cut down for upfront damage is nice for Shyvana E. And then conqueror for the extra adaptive damage. Legend haste for the ability haste. The build's simple, just spirit shroud, Leandry's, riftmaker, bloodletters curse, deathcap every game. No question, no different order. It's just super good like this. And then the only vamp boots are just really nice. If you have to go mercs, you have to go mercs. Or if you're against a full AD comp, like you can go for the steel caps as well, but these are just super duper nice and the extra sustain from it is very noticeable. So, that's why I go for it. But yeah, that's it. I hope you enjoyed it. Hit the like, subscribe, and peace.
