Title: RESOURCE OPTIMIZATION-DEMACIA RISING-EFFICIENCY GUIDE-LEAGUE OF LEGENDS-03-04-2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ybKEcvMkU8

Content:
Okay guys, what's up? I'm back. And yes, somebody in the comments asks for uh the best resource optimization for Damasia Rising. So yeah, I will explain to you uh the reason why I did what I did for each settlement. Okay? And I'll go through each one and why I placed a certain structure at a certain place. I will show you guys the reasons behind it and why it's the most efficient and the most uh most uh like like basically the most efficient way right efficient and also uh because uh there's a lot of passives as well. So I'll uh just explain why I did what I did and let's just go through uh the settlements one by one and we'll go through the basic ones first obviously I I mean the earlier ones okay so we'll start here and then we'll go through all here okay so first of all you should do all the research right as you can see this is the PBE and I have the pass so I got all the research done okay and the reason uh for why I did what I did in most of the towns is because the passives like I said and then on top there's beneficial uh bonuses and buffs. Okay, for example, if you have the research done for the uh let me just see here for the woodland nurseries you get 50% bonus lum uh bonus to lumber production. So that's why you should be building nothing but lumber in those towns. Yes, like unfortunately if you do have to build a watchtower and if you do have to build a quarter master and you have to build uh certain structures that is not um woodland uh lumber yards then yeah you have no choice, right? Cuz it buffs like it gives you buffs for battles. So sometimes it is what it is and watch towers delay the battles, right? So that is that and the militia bases I built it so the towns are protected but right now since these towns are uh so connected uh it might not be needed in my opinion but however if you're scared of losing fights building militia bases are actually good so I'm starting to think that the militia base might not be needed right here because it is connected now because of the hane But uh I still say though it's good to have it here cuz it takes like all the units quite a long ways to get here. So let me just uh give you an example. So the guard if I want to transfer all the way to here nine turns all the way from here cloud field. So that's why when it's way out of its ways to get there. Yeah. It's good to have a militia base and that's my reasoning. Okay. So, yeah, let's go from the earlier towns like I said. So, even more as you can see here, this is a mountain town, right? And since this is a mountain town, I have the quaries all set up. Okay, and the quaries are cheaper to build if you have the research done like like right here. Okay, this is the how you unlock the query to start with. And then this is the one and mountain specialization where queries and forges cost 25% fewer resources to build and upgrade. Right? So that's the efficiency right there. It costs less to upgrade and build. Whether you build uh quaries or forges up to you, right? Like that's up to you. However, in my opinion though, the mountain um areas, it's best to just have quarry cuz the borders have the forge bonus as well. So, building forges are not really necessary. And let me just see the re resource generation right now. Lumber's 3,000, stone is 2,000, and metal is also around 2,000. And yes, always build academy uh in the settlements. That's shared by all. So, for example, for mountain, I built it here. Okay. And for uh the border towns, I the academy, I built it here. And yes, upgrade it to level three because it goes five, seven, and 10%. Okay. And uh yeah, you do have to build the marketplace structure because of the mission. However, this is not very uh not very efficient because it's just boosting uh the production of all adjacent instead of uh actually boosting all the towns. You can you can see how this one's worse, right? because it's only boosting the adjacent towns when academy on the other hand is boosting all the towns right if you read it all settlements right so obviously building on the single academy boost more than building a lot of the marketplaces and yes you need to build a marketplace just like you build a quartermaster every single uh place that's a joint to a town yes and there you go that's the other academy for Hartland and there's only three type of towns, right? It's either H Heartland, border or mountain. Okay? There's only three types. And and this is this is what you should be uh uh this is this is the setup you should have when you're all finished chapter six. Okay. So, this uh this is all uh all done for chapter six. All mostly all upgraded to uh level four, most of the structures. Okay. So, we'll begin with even more. So, as you can see, I have four queries here. One forge and level three academy. Okay, this is how I set it up. And Vas uh Vasia, I have one farm. Okay, that's the passive, right? Hartland all has a farm passive. So, I suggest just build one farm at each of the places cuz it gives plus one. There's no need to build more than one farm than each of the places, each of the Harlem places cuz uh 28, come on, 28 troops is more than enough. You don't need more than 28. And yeah, I'm just basically abusing the passive, right? Like I know I upgraded the second one uh the the second the harless specialization, but no, I don't think we need that many troops. I think it's in insuffici I mean inefficient to have more troops than this cuz uh yeah you don't have uh you don't have like so many battles to send them to right so anyways I built a quartermaster here originally um there was a town here right that's I built it here I think this quarter master is protecting here I'm not completely sure it is quite far away it should be protecting it I guess and obviously it's protecting even more right even if I got got rid of this one. I I don't think it matters though, honestly. No, actually it does matter. Never mind. It doesn't matter. Okay, so I have four lumberyards, one farm, one quartermaster. Okay, so always build the quartermaster in um adjoin towns uh so they're all protected and you get the buff. And as you can see here, uh, another Brook Hollow is another Heartland. I have a farm quartermaster watchtowwer level three because I want to delay the, uh, fights, otherwise they can't get here cuz it's quite far away. Okay. And always place the quartermaster and the watchtowwer in a place surrounded by many places. Okay. As you can see, uh, this town right here, it's connected to four towns. One, two, three, four. Tilburn, Vasia, even more and Tur Turbisia. Yes. And so yeah, that's what I did right here. Okay, so we went through three towns and Turbicia. The reason why I have the shrine built here because formerly uh this town was far out. So yeah, it was the furthest away. So I thought it was more seclusive. So, it's uh easier to build here cuz nobody uh yeah really needs to come here and I don't need to build any specialized buildings. So, that's why I thought I build a shrine here. But, it's your choice. Yeah, this this one's your choice. Militia base because it's far out, okay, from other places. That's why I also build it here. And then obviously the forges, uh you get a bonus, right? 100% bonus metal production on border uh towns. Okay, that's why I did what I did. And Cloudfield, same thing. Border Town Militia. Okay, Durand. Yes, this is up to you as well. It does not really matter where you build it as long as it's out of the way. And I do suggest like if you are not upgraded all the way to level four in some towns, if you build it in certain towns that's only level one and two, that'll be way more efficient. Yes. because uh resource generation of level four uh like for example uh the forge like level three and level four is a huge difference as you can see. So I suggest building in towns that has less levels. It's a minmax, right? Minmax situation. And the heneath I also upgrade to level four and I'm abusing the farm as you uh see before I saw before. And then the lumber yard. Yes, because you get the bonus from woodland nurseries. This one right here. Okay. And yes, royal armory is very confusing the way they uh term the uh term the bonuses. Like I still don't understand right now. Like the valor, yes. And other resources by 25%. Like what does this exactly mean? I don't understand. Is it just from the battle or is it actually improving the resources in the town? I think it's just from the battle. So, I'm I'm thinking you can build this anywhere. I don't I don't think this is like actual resources from the town. I think it's buffing the um the resource battle uh resources from the battle as well. I think that's what it's doing. But don't quote me on it though. I'm not completely sure because how they termed it is confusing. And then as you can see here, farm watchtowwer quartermaster. Like these are necessary evils, right? I can't do anything about this. I could eliminate some of this and build lumberyard, then I'll leave myself exposed, right? And if you leave yourself exposed, you're going to suffer the damage uh from the attacks. So yes, re although resource generations are um important, protecting your towns are also important. I I know people some people on Reddit are actually building more militia bases, but in my opinion though, if you just build some militia bases, uh, in my opinion, I just built three. I built one in Turbia, I built one in Cloudfield, okay, and then I built one in downhold. Downhold, this is definitely necessary. Okay, if you don't have a militia base here, you are playing it wrong because this place is really hard to reach even with the sea um sea travel thing. It still takes a quite a long time to get here. Like I know it reduces seven but like for example high silver mirror right let's say we send this uh units to here like let's just count it here. So if it goes through here is one three turned right but if they're here it's like it's obviously it's like more right three more turns and three more turns. So yes, building a militia base here in my opinion is worth and I station some units here too just in case. And I put the watchtowwer so it delays the enemy as well. But uh yeah, so let's discuss the petraite mills. These are very important. Okay, these are necessary for upgrading all the towns, upgrading all the uh buildings and and such. So, uh, petraide mill is the most important thing to have around and obviously the upgrade right here. The urbanization. I I'm still confused though why you can't build it here. As you can see, this road, it does lead to Jendelle. I still don't understand why you can't build it at Jendelle, by the way. Let's try again. This really confuses me. Yeah. So all the towns like here Tilborn High Silvermere and even downhold you can build petraide mills but you cannot build it at Jendelle. It's very strange. Although the roads lease here so that's really weird but yes build all the petraite mills you can because you'll be needing a lot of this. Okay. But yeah, I should be maxed out and you can only generate. Right now I'm only generating 48 per turn. And a lot of the towns like it required 150 to upgrade. So the more you have the better. Yes. But yes, upgrade it to level three. Level three is uh very expensive. So try to upgrade to level three. And uh let me just see here. And barracks is a necessary evil, right? And then level five is uh and and you can see like what you need to upgrade certain towns, right? So always minmax it, prepare for it, right? Always prepare for it. If you prepare for it, then then there's no issues, right? When it comes time to actually upgrade because it is actually giving you information on what's required for level five. And as you can see, it's requiring a lot of stone. Okay. So, let's keep going here. So, Heneath, like I said, all lumberyard and one farm. And this one here, one farm, watchtower, quartermaster. Okay. Pilburn is all petraide mills except the one farm which is for the passive. And this is the great city. Uh, I have all Petraide mills as well. And this is a you can't remove this, right? So, barracks have to stay. Okay. and Meltridge. I built all forges because it has the forge uh bonus and yeah, I just decided border town should just have forges. Yes, because metals are very in low supply in that even if you build up many of them, they still produce uh slower than every other resource cuz uh it's 50 to 100. Meanwhile, Meanwhile, like stone on the other hand, it's 100 to 200. So yes, stone and lumber you produce at a way higher rate because metal is uh much more harder to mine. 150 to 300. Yes. Okay. So that's that for all forge. And then here I do have a query cuz this is a mountain settlement, right? So I could put all quories here, but for for the meantime I just decided that I want more metal. So I did put more forges here. I could change it a later time. This is up to me. So, I put four forges here and one quy and one quartermaster because your quartermaster is always protecting all the towns. And you can see here another mountain settlement. I did two quaries and four forges. Okay, Hawkstone. This is Uendale. Hi, Silver. Okay, I also did the Petra side mills and obviously the quarry is for the passive and the marketplace. Uh, I'm thinking of getting rid of the marketplace, but since I built it, I I don't want to lose resources, right? So, I just left it. But yeah, I could get rid of it and get a petraide mill, but I could just leave it as well, maybe just as a test subject. But yes, it's inefficient. Marketplace is not the best part. But uh yeah, one of the missions did require for us to build marketplace and I upgrade to level three. So yeah, I guess I just leave them like it is what it is. Yeah, it's fine. It's fine. I could build another petra side mill, but uh whatever. So yeah, I have the uh quarry quartermaster watchtowwer marketplace and only two pet side mills here. And here in the mountain um Panera, I have uh the quarry built and I built a loyal armory here because I thought uh it's far away from the other places. Yes. And the Fosarrow, same situation. It is a forge passive. So I built a lot of forges and this place obviously I built all quaries, right? So, as long as you're minmaxing everything and you have everything being produced at a certain level that you would like, I think that's the most satisfactory thing. But just remember, wood and when wood and stone is more required for all the upgrades as you've seen so far, more than the metal. So, I think producing more wood and um lumber is better than producing a lot of metal. Although metal uh yeah, you do need quite a bit to upgrade certain units, especially the soldiers and such. And let me just see here what these further upgrades are going to be. I know archers and rangers are probably going to need wood. Oh, Jarvin's coming. Oh, Quinn's coming, too. Wow, this game was well made. I have to say, but it's not even showing us level six. Okay. And downhold like you see here, three petraite mills, one militia, one watchtower, and one forge for the passive. Yes. But I'm I'm starting to think, okay, maybe the militia is not necessary, but I just like it. But I guess minaxing uh Yeah. Yeah. might not require it. But I still think these uh places are far out though. And suffering damages is uh not the way. Uh but I don't want to destroy it cuz it's already upgrade to level three and it cost a lot of money. Yeah, it is what it is, guys. Cost a lot of money to do all this. Yes, sir. It did. Okay. So, make sure to minmax everything, guys. Make sure to read all the details in full, okay? What they do because if you do not understand what a certain research does, obviously you'll make a u make an error or mistake on how to place each of the structures where. Okay. And yes, like for example, militia headquarters gives you additional banal and battles at its location, not other locations, right? And watch tower delays threats to its settlement and its connected settlements. So if you build it in a certain place, obviously that place it'll get delayed as well, not just the uh connected settlements. And then the hardland specialization, which we don't need, but we have to upgrade because they want you to upgrade everything. Yes. and the old lady shrine which have we already built mountain specialization. So yes, minmax everything. And yes, some some buildings are just unavoidable even though uh you don't want to build it, but you have to build it in order to satisfy the mission um mission protocols and yeah. No. Yeah. Try not to build a marketplace, guys. Marketplace is not worth definitely build academy but not the marketplace. Marketplace is not very efficient because it's only only the connected towns not all the settlements. Plus if you build a lot of these then then you're abandoning the actual resource generators right. So, for example, if you're building a marketplace like I did did here, instead of bu building a petraide mill or a quarry, which produces around 100 stone per uh turn, um 10% boost, who knows if that's close to what one of these structures can uh produce. You get do you guys get what I'm saying? Like, who knows? This marketplace is boosting 100 stone uh 100 stone per turn type of level. Yes. But yeah, thank god for PB though. I have uh I have um so much uh silver shields on the main. I don't. So, it's kind of sad. Yes. On the main and the smurf, I'm barely I'm barely getting chapter five done. if uh yeah, I I think uh tomorrow we'll get the silver shields, but I I still don't think I can get a lot of stuff done. I guess I need to play more League. Today I did grind some brawl for five hours, but no, dude. I don't know how much league people play, but I guess people play a lot. But yeah, that is the uh optimization I have here. Let's just go through a little bit more research. So as you can see here, these researches here, the civic leadership, if you do have the champions separated, it's good. However, if your champion stacking, then this is no good, right? If champions are all together, but yes, if you have a champion uh present at each settlement, then yes, it will increase the production as well. So if you place one at each settlement, then yes, it will help. But right now, as you can see, I have some some champions together, right? So you can spread them apart. if you want. So for example, instead of what I have set up here. Okay, what I can do is I can send uh let me see. Sona is like a group B, right? M maybe we'll just send the Yeah. Yeah, we'll send the uh Garen and the Kale. Okay. So, we can just send it to a town nearby. Yep. Let's just send them to the great city. Okay. Like that. And then now the great city should generate more production. Yes. Just a tad a little bit more, right? 25%. I don't know how they calculate this, but not sure. And obviously can spread the champions out if you're not actually stacking them to fight somebody. So that's up to you. And also like the later on battles if you have uh like more champions if you have the champions you can split them up into two groups. How I'm fighting right now is I'm splitting the Poppy and the Gall in one group and then I'm splitting splitting the rest into another group because if they lead certain soldiers and archers and rangers, yes, it's better for your uh team comp. Okay, let's complete this here. A reminder that one's plans never go unnoticed. Prepare yourself accordingly. >> Oh, it's a dangerous threat. Yeah, Basically is a ranger. But I think um what I have here though, I think they could be defeated with this. Yeah, I think it's fine. Yeah, this is fine. Like, it's all upgraded, right? If it wasn't upgraded guards, rangers, and archers, then we would suffer losses. But no, I don't think so. I I don't think I need to send the heroes there. Even if I were to send them there, takes 11 turns. Unless I send them here and then send them here. H. No, I'm sure I can defeat them with this. That that metal guy though is hard. But no, I think this is fine. Yeah, in in my opinion, some of the heroes are actually worse than soldiers and archers and rangers. But anyways, I'm going to end the video here. So, I hope you guys enjoyed this efficiency um video, how to optimize all your setup for Damasia Rising cuz uh one guy um asked for it in the comments. Otherwise, I'll see you guys in the next video. Uh, make sure to follow youtube.com/ustifer power a us number4 per. And I hope you guys enjoyed this uh, manual and guide. And I hope you guys all succeed in beating Damasia in good time. Yes. And uh, save time as well because I'm teaching you guys all the tips and tricks. Otherwise, I'll see you guys in the next video. Until then, stay safe, keep grinding. Until next time, peace out. Bye-bye. And follow YouTube.comower. And don't forget to leave a comment, like, and subscribe like I said before. Otherwise, I'll see you guys in the next one. Peace out. Bye-bye.
