Title: Challenger Nocturne Jungle Guide 2025 | Best Build, Runes & Tips to 1v9
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBayKx_cGMA

Content:
Hello YouTube. Welcome to my Noctturn guide. And the reason why I made this because I asked my viewers what they would like to see and I've seen a lot of Noctturn enjoyers. So let's get to it. Runes. So basically you can see here that on Noctturn you should go little tempo electricity coupe the grace and on domination sudden impact ultimate hunter. Why is that? First of all tempo. Little tempo because no Q gives you bonus AD. So if you hit your Q, the more you hit them, the better it is. And especially with noturn because it is so easy to stack little tempo and triumph speaks for itself. The only viable rune electricity attack speed super OP. Haste isn't as strong. Why coupe the grace? Because most of the times you're going to kill people. Sometimes people like to go last stand, but I personally think it's not that good because most of the times you're just killing people without actually you being that low. So, coup the grace recommended. Why ultimate hunter? Every single time you get a kill, you get a cooldown reduction. And if you play Noctturn, you're ultra reliant. So, it's self-explanatory. Sudden impact because the ultimate is dash. It helps you deal extra damage. And as for the mini runes, you want to go attack speed, adapt to force, and scaling health. Let's now go to the next one, builds. So, I'll be showing you three builds. One is a team fight build. Two is a sideline build and three is assassin 1v9 build. Let's start with the team fight build. It is the classic stribbreaker into hexplate black cleaver or sterox. And fifth you can go guardian angel. Now let's go to the sideline build. And the sideline build is basically first of all you go experimental hex blade then you go kraken slayer. then of death stance and then black cleaver or sterox. So I want to highlight this build a little bit. I would say this build is good if you actually want to have a bit more impact and kill people. And by buying experimental hex plate and kraken slayer, you will actually have first of all your ultimate of cooldowns very fast and you will basically have as well very good 1v one/sidling power because kraken slayer especially with little tempo is really really really strong. And now let's go through the assassin 1 v9 build which is oxy arc profane edge of knight and sural das. So I would recommend this build not at all unless you're in super high elo and even then I personally think that you usually want to go for the team fight build or for the sidelin build and that's like a good balance of both where you're still a little bit tanky and you're very useful. Whereas assassin build is like yeah it can work if you want to just perma kill people on the side lane and you can't team fight at all but why not just go for the middle which is the sideline build the experimental hex plate Kraken into death stance black cleaver if you really want to carry you know so most of the times I would recommend the team fight build or the sideline build spacing. So, why is spacing so important? If you have little tempo and you're playing noturn and usually you're chasing people, spacing is important. Look at this. When I'm hitting a here, I'm hitting, moving, hitting, moving, hitting, moving, hitting, moving, hitting, moving, hitting, moving. You want to make sure you know the cooldown of your O attack. And as you get more little tempo stacks, you want to be able to hit him consistently without waiting with your texts. So, now I'll show you how to learn that. Okay, look at this example here. Especially with Noctturn, if you have little tempo, your attack speed changes based off you hitting people. So, as you hit people more, your attack speed increases. So, what do you have to practice? You have to practice hit, move, hit, move, and without standing still too long. So, you can see here, I'm smoothly hitting it without waiting for too long. Right? But now, let's put it one level higher. I'm going to hit move a lot faster. You see how I'm canceling all tech here sometimes like yeah now okay it's really difficult for me to do because I know how to do it but if you are really good at spacing you will not cancel all attack like this so you can actually test your limit by seeing how often you cancel your alt attack. If you want to deal more damage and be more efficient you have to practice this. So look from zero attack speed a lot of people would do this. They would stand still for a bit hit it. That's terrible. You do not want that. You want to hit it, move, and do it at the perfect timing. Make sure to practice this and you will become better at it. Q W usage. So, if you play Noctturn, you might be wondering, Kira, when should I use my Q? Very simple. Right before you land onto the enemy team. But I'll show you one secret trick, okay? Where should you put your Q? I'll show you exactly where you should put your Q and the most important location. Okay? And no one actually does this or almost no one. Only the professionals do this. And even the professionals don't do this. Always pay attention. The moment I press my ultimate on the Draven, I'm going to press my Q to where he clicks. So I'll pause. Okay, I'm going to pause right now. Do you see where No Draven is clicking? Draven is clicking this direction. So guess where I'm pressing my Q. I'll press my Q right here where he's moving towards to. So, you should pay attention to your opponent and cue the direction where he is. And when do you want to pressure Q? Well, right here. When you're just about to jump on him, you want to pressure Q. This is the perfect timing. And why do you want to do that? Cuz you get extra AD on your Q. So, your alult deals extra damage. So, you should practice in custom game like right before you land on the target, press your Q and where they're clicking towards. So now, of course, as I'm going on this target, you now want to of course W their crowd control. So Nami has now used his Q, I cancel it with my W. So every single time you play Noctturn, you should be thinking, okay, what is really important to use W for? And it's usually crowd control. So make sure to think like that. Okay, I'll remind it once again. Q right before you jump on them as well. Q towards the direction you're clicking. and of W just use it on their crowd control E usage. So this is the most common mistake as well people make on action which is E usage. So let's take a look here. Jyn has flesh and because he has flesh most noctu players auto attack wrong. Do not auto attack unless you're literally on top of them. If you're not on top of them, do not auto attack. So let's take a look here. I'm going on a jin doing exactly like right before I land using Q and then I use Q on the location where he is moving. Right. So now I auto attack him because I am on top of him. If I was not on top of him I would not auto attack because if he walks and flashes I wouldn't get him. So now you see I'm spacing very good and I'm staying on top of him and of course pressing W on crowd control. But basically by staying on top of the enemy team and odd attacking only if you're literally on top of them even if he were to flash he would not be able to escape. And this is how you want to review if you play noturn and see what went wrong. And if you do that trust me if you land your Q properly if you use your W on the right timings and use your E so they cannot flesh it out. Trust me you're good to go. So now let's go to the game parts. All righty. In this game, we will be covering pre- six, after six, and mid game. So, you can see in the text here what I look at before six, after six, and a mid game. So, now let's take a look at what we're doing preix. So, in this game here, okay, let's start with draft a bit. And it is very crucial that before the game starts, you want to look at the following. Which lane is the highest value to ultimate? And what is the enemy abilities that I should look to press W on? So let's take a look in this game. Okay, so this game basically I'm playing Noturn and as you can see I have Alux mid lane, Jin and Morana on the bot lane. So what is my thought process right now? So basically depending on the draft I want to decide what to do but in this draft I am basically playing against the following which I'll be showing you very soon when enemy laners come onto the laning phase. This is a game I played so I'm doing voice over so it's easier to explain how to play Noctturn. Okay, but basically Silos mid lane, Ireelia top lane, Draven carry, their jungler is um I kind of forgot, but whatever. Nami is their support. Okay, but basically looking this draft, what's a high value lane to ultimate? Which lane benefits the most? It's definitely bot lane. Why is that? If I shut down Draven, Draven is not getting to play the game. Top lane is nice if I can help him. However, it's not guaranteed, right? me killing will still be able to kill my Quinn but making a Draven fall behind that champ usually becomes not that useful. So first habit on Noctturn pre the moment I finish three camps enemy jungle finish your camps. So as noturn your goal is to full clear. So as I finish three camps here, okay, what am I looking at? I'm looking mid lane. I'm looking Okay, how volatile is it? I'm looking bot lane. Look at your HPs. They're super low. Even then, I am not helping them. And you see how I'm pinging. Okay, there's a wart here. I paid attention to warts. Okay, I saw enemy silus put down a wart there. But one thing I really want to highlight here is that I'm just thinking, okay, what can the enemy jungle do here, you know, and if I think he cannot do anything, I would just ping my laners back. And of course, a wonderful start. My laners died early. But you can see here as I'm farming, I'm not doing too much. As I'm doing my fifth camp, I'm now thinking, okay, how's mid lane purity? How's top lane purity? Because usually after your full clear, you will want to go for the bot crap. So, if you have no top and mid purity, guess what? If you know enemy jungler might have maybe went towards the top side, it's not your business to go there. This is more jungle fundamentals, but this is the last jungle fundamental you hear. We will just talk about noturn and noturn only. Okay, but anyway, right now as I'm going for the top crab here. Okay, you see here that well um I'm getting the Krabby Patty. Nothing too crazy. Okay, now I see the Diana and I'm like, "Hold up. I win this." No wins against Diana 1 v one. So here I'm flashing on him. I made one small mistake here, which is that I use my E right now, but I should have used my E when I'm a bit close to him. The Q here gives me extra move speed. You see 500 move speed. That is not normal move speed, guys. But basically, I could just keep running on him. use me maybe right here and my fear would be able to connect here. But he flashed it out and he didn't get feared. So now I'm fighting. Nothing too crazy. You can always pause the video and then rewatch the fight if you want to. But basically right here you can see I'm waiting for my cooldowns. The moment my cooldowns come back up I fight again. And now of course this guy's dying here. And of course after you get a kill, what do you want to do? Remember you want to full clear again. And Silas here is trying something funny. So I'm making sure that I just, you know, kill him if I can. So now I'm basing crucial part now. No pre6. What do you want to do? Jungle track. Do you see how I'm pinging instantly? Ding ding ding. I'm basically warning my laners. Yo, Diana probably going towards the bot side and I cannot match him. So, usually what happens is that if you're down tempo on Noturn, that's fine, but make sure to communicate that and only help your laners if it's convenient. If it's not convenient, don't go out of your way. So, I'm going to fast forward a little bit. Okay, I'm just farming. Nothing too crazy. And I really want to highlight something. Do you see how my mid lane here is getting like, you know, jumped on? And you see his HP right now? It's super low, right? You see his HP? I couldn't give a I'm just farming here and as long as he can farm, I'm a happy man. If he cannot farm, it is what it is. You see how he's getting jumped on here? I was like, it I'm not even going to help him, you know, because me not farming my camps is delaying my level six. It looks up. Imagine every single time you're up, are you going to help them? Of course not. So instead, I just full clear my camps, making sure my camps are respawning at a very good time and making sure that I get six as soon as possible. So you saw the Diana here. I mean, previously he showed on the bot side, didn't get But now, let's take a look simply by me full clearing, knowing as well top is volatile and bots is volatile. I'm moving on to the top side here and I'm going to try to kill Aurelia cuz I have no business here. He could have run away if he wanted to. He got a bit cocky uh a bit regarding champion mastery. I'll show you the following. But basically, you can see here I'm not using Q instantly. Why is this? Because I don't know where he's going to go. So, I use my E first and when he's feared, then I use my Q. But honestly, I did not expect him to jump that way. But regardless, even though I miss my Q, he still got cooked. And of course, the thing you watch a bit is like spacing, right? Like look, basically right here, I'm spacing. I'm like hitting him, moving him, hitting, moving, hitting, moving. And there's not much waiting time. So, that's something you really want to practice. Hit, move, hit, move, hit, move. So, now I'm level six. Now, it changes. Now, we're after six. What do I want to do after six? All the target. That's important to your condition. And whenever old is down, keep farm till it's up. And jungle trank jungle track. And no ult is no forced play. Whenever you have no ultimate, it's not like you can't make a play. You can make a play, but you don't want to force it because taking your camps, having them off cool down is very important. Look here, I mean, I'm just checking my range. Same thing here. I cue his direction, making sure I landed right before I jump and kill him. Wonderful. What do I do now? Full clear jungle track. But do you see here how like now I'm at the point where I just want to jot track nothing else. I have no ultimate for 100 seconds. I just want to drone track nothing else. I'm farming. You can see I'm just bur chilling and I'm just trying to ping my laners play safe. Do you see as well how I use my ultimate on the bot lane and the grippies are spawning in 50 seconds. If you play noturn and you decided to use your ultimate for the something for a kill and you could not take the objective instantly, give it. Look here. Oh. Oh, here as well. Okay, here in this case, I do help my looks. Why is this? It's pretty convenient. I'm literally around and now I know he's going to jump onto him. Because I know he's going to jump onto my looks. I'm like, well, why not pick up a free kill? This is just laner psychology. Something I cover in my early game courses, just understanding how laners think. If you know how to think, you can abuse them. But now I continue my full clear. Do you see here though, how like I could maybe contest the Gribies here and run straight there. I did not give a Why is that? If enemy jungler takes like two Gies and leaves and I can get the last one, I don't care, man. I'd much rather respawn my camps the moment my ultimate comes up instantly use it. So you can see here I'm just farming, waiting for ultimate. You see my queen ising with him, but I'm like sure man, you do you. I'll just farm. You see, and I'm just getting item part item. And now, okay, boom. I have ultimate again. Same thing. who is the highest value target is Draven. So now I'm rushing towards bot side. I know where the Diana is. I'm up tempo on him because look, he basically took the Grubbies and he's down tempo. And now I'm up tempo with good items. So any fight I'll take. So one thing I really want to highlight here, always of course check your range with your alt. You can hover your mouse on it. And now same thing as I as I go on. If he's clicking like let's say this direction, I want to make sure, okay, because my angle is a bit weird, I want to use my Q here somewhere. Okay, but right before I jump on him, you see the Q came on top of him. And then of course, you don't want to auto attack. That is something I really want to highlight. If he has a dash or flash, I just Q E. Look, a Q E. You I'm not even auto attacking. I instantly walk onto him knowing he has flash so my E doesn't disappear. So now of course what I do and the ultimate one job jungle track jungle track jungle track jungle track jungle track j nothing else let's play forward I'm just farming and I see drake in 10 seconds and drake is in 10 seconds of course I would love to get it but if my ultimate is down well it do be like that that's life right so I'm just clearing my camps seeing what I can do and ideally you want to actually use your ultimate and get an objective but it's fine to feed yourself in the early game and then get the future DS. Oh, let's take a look at the skirmish. Okay. Um, you can always pause the video and rewatch it. But what I'm doing right now, do you see how I'm not instant using ultimate, I'm waiting a bit because look, I have cooldowns, cool downs and everything. I'm not going to trade all attacks here. I'm going to wait as long as I can. Okay. And then the moment my cooldowns are coming a bit closer, I'm like, okay, time to in. And here, I mean, I just EM space a bit all tech. And do you see how OP little tempo here is, bro? like little tempo with extra damage on Q and balanced, you know. Look, I lost, dude. It's like I got 60 AD from my Q, you know? How crazy is that? And now you see I got two kills. I'm completely fine giving the drake. All I have to do is jot track. Same thing. I have no ultimate, no, no force play here. I should ping my laners back. I pinged them way too late back. So, what do I do? I just take the enemy camps. After I take enemy camps, I press base ultimate again in 8 seconds. And guess what? The moment I have my ultimate, I alult him. If I see anyone overextend, boom, I just kill him. You see how I'm like just walking, making sure they get feared. Very important. No, what do I do? I continue my full clear. And okay, let's say hypothetically, let's say I have my power spike here. Would I base? No. I have no ultimate. It's like Rengar. No ultimate. Full clear. There's a fight here. No force play. I have no ultimate. 2v2. When my mid lane is dead, not going to fight. You see, I'm like, you know what? I'm chilling. But I see my queen coming here. And because my queen is here, I kill him. And then I continue full clear. And in one drop, jungle track. However, Diana died here on the bot side. So no need for jungle tracking. And you can see I'm just taking all my camps. And now the crucial part. Look, I have ultimate and the objective is spawning very soon. So considering the objective is spawning very soon, I guess I'm just killing this guy. I see this guy overextend. I'm like, "All right, boy." One thing I want to highlight here as well. Did you see I used my W on his crowd control there? The Urelia used his W, you see? Or his E, sorry. I press W on his E, making sure I'm not getting CCed. So, I'm always thinking about what can CC me and I'm making sure I'm not getting CCd. But you see here, even though I have like 2k gold, if I see someone really in, sure, I'll kill him. But otherwise, I would usually base and spend my gold. Anyway, no ultimate. What's my job? Simple. Identify what the next objective is and jungle track. Right now, I'm making sure my ladies aren't dying. If you're wondering why am I going this build, um I personally like the alternator into Kraken if I want to have more carry potential. It's just personal preference. Someone in my Twitch chat told me it's good. I tried it. Kraken first didn't feel good, but I think alternator into Kraken is actually good. You should try it out. But yeah, right now same thing. I have no ultimate. I just trick and I just keep farming. It's just that simple. And now look as well. This is the replay you've seen on my um you know champion mastery thing. Look, I ping on the way cuz I'm about to ultimate. I Q right before I W the bubble. Dead. Perfect. If I can't get anything. Oh, we killed him as a wonderful spacing. Hit move. Hit move. Easy. Hit move. Hit move. That's what you want to do. That's spacing. And what's next? Well, guess what? Clear. I have no ultimate for 40 seconds. And yeah, I might as well just take my camps and I see what I want to do. Now I have my ultimate. I respawn all my camps. And do you see how I ping as well this objective? I'm pinging in my Jin's face. And then I'm pinging. Yo, let's go for this objective. And I'm blue trinketing it to make sure I see it. You know, if they're all on the road mid fighting. Oh, okay. I expected not him to dash, but but do you see my damage by the way? It's really crazy. But as well, I'm going less whisper, right? I'm going I'm I'm going like I'm one shot in the baby boy. I'm like a bum, you know? But I'm as well, of course, I'm super fed, right? Yeah. You can see here, I'm just pushing the wave. But this time, I want to take the objective if I can. But because my teammates are not on the map, I cannot. Usually, what you really want to do is get a kill, get an objective, full clear, jin, and repeat. So, in this case, I'm just going on the RA here. I was waiting for his passive stacks and it's dead. You see my spacing as well here. How smooth it is. How hit move hit move. Something you have to practice. But yeah, anyway. Oh, this guy is really OP. Almost died here. Yeah. I mean, now look, 20 seconds for my ultimate. So, I'm going to look to move towards Drake. Same thing because I'm not here on the map. I'm going to ping my laner show. Be careful. don't die and as long as they don't die on a full clear make another pick. I have 13 kills. I made a 19 by the way. Simply because I'm full clearing, jungle tracking, um giving objectives. The moment my ultimate comes up, I'm instantly using it because I'm being very efficient. And now look, I'm just full clearing. No ultimate. Same thing. And after I finish my f clear, guess what? I want to play for the alt account. And just so you know, I have three losing lanes. Top lane 612, mid lane 26, b lane 15. Like this game is not easy. I can promise you that. But despite that, I'm just doing my best to have good map impact and making sure I just keep my fundamentals consistent as long as I fight even numbers. And this is like diamond elo as well, by the way. And look, bum Q right before land on the target. And then this is a very close one, you know, two for one though. Not too bad. Now, let's fast forward a bit. Well, they basically Well, I'm not a target here. Look, enemy team is doing the Otteron here because I know I cannot contest Oticon. Uh they're more on it. So what do I do? I make a pick here instead of taking camps. Really good opportunity to make a pick. I use my E on his sorry my W on his E. He gets one shot. I continue my full clear. No ultimate. I just jungle track. This game I'm only talking about champion master. Okay. But do you see I'm like hovering mid lane here. when like you if you have no ultimate no force play I just see silos all in here I happen to be around sure I'll move nothing going on I'll just go back to full clear so here boom I managed to get a kill and now I have to get a out and my teammates are as boosted as ever see no ultimate I just farm and you see how Drake's spawning in 30 seconds right Now, as much as it sucks sometimes. Oh, that's sexy Diana. Okay, doing some hard one shots. Okay, look. Um, I got 3.1k gold. Drake up in 18 seconds. If I could get a Drake right now, I would love to do so. So, I'm basing here, but then I'm getting flanked from an Aurelia, which I did not expect. And now I get my infinite edge. And okay, also you might be wondering why the am I building like this, bro? I have three losing lanes. I have to build something crazy to 1 v9. Okay, because I died. I actually did something poorly. What is something poorly I did? Do you see right now? This is the biggest common mistake as well. Drone track. Even though I'm dead and an enemy joner is dead, I should still ping my laners. Yo, don't fight. You see how my laners are dying here. Did they have to die? No. Could have pinged them back. Yes. And now two of my laners died or yeah one of my laners died and this is not as good you know. So, even though I'm dead, look at me. I'm kind of chilling and I'm like, "Oh, wait. Why does Aelia running between the tower, right?" Like, you really want to communicate these things. If you do not communicate, yo, play safe. I'm not there. If you die, just be careful. You don't want them to die. In this case, luckily, um, enemy team got cooked. But yeah, let's fast forward. Let's take a look. I come back from base and I see Silos on the mid lane, half HP. I'm like, well, let's go. Quick oneshot. General rule, this is what you really want to do. If you one shot someone, get the out. What I'm doing right now, chasing someone without Q and E is the biggest troll thing you can ever do. I'm chasing him and I die. This is a really big mistake. It's 20 seconds before Baron with three losing lanes. So, usually, okay, before you go for play, what should you look at? It's the following. Okay, number one, um, numbers. Yeah, it's just numbers, honestly. That's all. So before I have an ult in here, I should be thinking, okay, who can be in their mid lane? I don't see Diana. Um, Nami and Aurelia are dead. So they can be three. How much are we? We're like tree as well. But yeah, my laners are not that useful. So if I was aware of this, okay, I would have not chased here. I would go back to full clear and keep up the map pressure. But because I died here, this is really bad. Why is this? Now all my camps are respawning. And because all my camps are respawning, I'm dead for 32 seconds. You see here. And instead of me being dead, I could have full cleared my camps, instantly old someone again. Instead, my laners died here. I didn't pick them to play safe. And this time, my lers got cooked. And this was super bad. Could I have prevented these deaths here? 100%. Even if you lose the Baron here, it doesn't matter. I could easily ping them. Yo, please back. No reason to fight. This is obvious. But I was barely chilling by this game. I was not like I was just focusing on killing people um so I could tell you guys what to do. Uh but yeah, this just fundamentals, right? Jungle tracking. Something I did not do. You need a good combination of both. And then well um I found the random. Oh, one small thing I forgot to mention as well. Get blue trink level 9. I'm going to go to level 9. But at level 9 here, the moment I base, I change my blue trinket. You see? And because my runes, I have the the the thing that gives me summoner haste on my trinket. Blue trinket is the same time as your ultimate. So, it's very useful. But anyway, let's fast forward a bit. And you see here, blue trinket, I just pop it there. If I see Aelia, I'm like, "Okay, let's go." and then spacing hit move hit move hit move bomb and now well guess what even though Baron is gone okay if you play noturn that's completely fine by the way because if you manage to push side lanes right and get tempo if enemy team is split you pick them and that's what you want but here remember what I said if you have no ult no forced play look what I'm doing right now I have no ultimate for 10 seconds and then I count numbers enemies three. It's a 3v3 and I don't have ultimate. And look what happened. Surprise, surprise, I died. So, by me not following my rules, which is, you know, before numbers, you might just lose the game. Despite having a 1 v9 performance, look, I lost the game here. By the way, could I have prevented this loss even with three losing lanes? 100% if I basically followed Midame steps, right? basically, you know, um same thing. No alt is no forced play. Did I do that? Yep. Count numbers. Did I do that? Nope. So, yeah, that's it from an option guide. And I just really want to highlight like especially the things I explained regarding champion mastery, how you should think preex, after six, and a midame. And this should help you get going on upturn. And let me know in the comments down below if you have any questions. I'll I read generally speaking almost every comment on my YouTube at least. And that's it. I hope you guys like the video. Um if you guys subscribe to my channel, it would really mean a lot to me and I appreciate a lot. And um yeah, have a nice wonderful day, ladies and gentlemen, gentlemen. And let me know in the comments below in future what other video you like to see. And um peace.
