Title: 3 Minute Vel'Koz Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJgclgdQIyw

Content:
Why play Velkos support? Well, he has very long range. He can one-shot enemies. His poke is amazing and he brings an AoE knockup. However, he does lack any mobility at all. And he is damage reliant, so can struggle from behind. Velkos' passive is when his abilities damage an enemy, they apply a stack. These last for 7 seconds, and when he attacks an enemy, it refreshes this timer. Upon applying the third stack, all are consumed to deal bonus true damage. Velcos's Q is a straight line skill shot which deals damage to the first enemy hit and applies a massive decaying slow. After it hits an enemy, reaches max range, or when recast, this ability splits into two bolts, each firing out at 90° angles, where if these then hit an enemy, it applies the same damage and slow. And if it kills an enemy, it restores mana. Velkos' Works on an ammo system where it can have two stored up to one time. The active is a rectangular skill shot which deals damage to enemies it passes through. After.75 seconds, it then explodes in the increased damage again. And because this deals damage twice, both of them can apply one stack of his passive. Velkos's E throws out a circle on the floor which deals damage to enemies hit, knocks them up, and stuns them. However, if it was cast close to Velkos, it also knocks them back slightly. Velkos's ultimate has a passive where if he's already triggered his three hit passive on the target, they become researched. The active causes Velcos to channel in place, firing a massive laser beam. This deals constant damage to enemies hit while slowing them. And if they're already researched, enemies hit take true damage instead. For combos, start with Q into W and E. Attack into your second W before attacking away, following up with alt if you have it. And your super longrange combo is to use Q on an angle into your ultimate for massive damage. For matchups, Velkos is great into tankier support so he can just sit back and freely bully all game. However, he can struggle into enchanter supports who can shield his damage and also run into his range and lock him down. For runes, take this comet is great extra damage. For build order, start world out and pots into a Ludens, tier two boots, and upgrade to a Zazax. From here, a shadow flame and hat are great pickups before finishing a build with any of these as needed. For skill order, start Q then W then E before maxing Q then W then E, taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and heal. For synergies, he works well with longer range AD carries who are also happy to sit back and poke with him. Start in the game, it's all about poking hard and bullying. Being able to detonate your Q early means your opponent's never safe even behind their own minions. And the slow when you land your Q is very strong, allowing you to easily follow up with W's and E for massive chunks of damage. However, your E is your safety tool, so play safe when it's on cooldown. Your level six is very strong, and if you ever land E, you can simply delete them from the map with your full combo. Entering the mid game, take tower and rotate mid. This will put you in a great place to easily siege while rotating to fight and objectives with your team. Entering a late game team fight, even as a support, you're basically just another high damage backline mage. Use your range to your advantage, staying away from the fight, spamming out spell after spell, and when you get the chance, land an E and full combo someone off the map. And that's how you play the absolute beast that is Velkos support. Leave the video a like and comment below which champion you want to see
