Title: Why Did I Take These Spells into Ranked on Yasuo?!
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBLfDww_HRY

Content:
What if I told you Yaso is so broken you could win with completely random summoner spells? Sounds crazy, right? Well, that's exactly what I'm going to do this video. The challenge is to win three rank games on Yasuo, but with troll summoner spells. I'm talking clans and ghost. Huh? Yeah, not exactly meta, but hey, I'll do my best not to run it down. Let's see if I can actually pull this off. First game, I'm playing versus the Talon. Not the worst matchup. I even tried to get an early one on him, but I ended up out playing myself. Luckily for me though, I managed to push this big wave under his tower. And because of that, I could roam to my bot lane, who was fighting 2v3 on the river. This was a pretty gamedeying moment for us. Jinx got really fed after this and I could get a perfect base to get my boots here. Son even tried to gang me, but ended up doing nothing and only managed to waste her flesh. Then Talon stepped up a bit too much and because of that I managed to go on him, cancel his E over the wall with my tornado and ended up securing a kill with Diana. Afterwards, I ended up in a 2v2 scenario on mid with both supports roaming, but Zillian and I managed to do some more together. Cleanse was surprisingly useful here since I could nurify the exhaust effect from Karma. I tried to get Talon as well, but he ended up flashing last second. Not for long though since I knew I can easily dive him with Zillian's loot. And from there onwards, I ended up making a much bigger play. Also getting a kill on Sichuani and Jin as well. Here I was clearing Sajani's camps in secret, but I got found out. So I tried to get her as well, but she managed to escape with her flesh. No problem since Greg is to roaming so I could pick a fight with him instead. Now this is where you can see the ghost in action. It really helped me a ton catching up to this overextended gin. He even tried to flash but it was pointless. Oh man, this gin doesn't seem to learn, does he? He's overextended again. I wonder what's going to happen to him. And in the meantime, our Zillian went FK. So from here on, the game is 4v5. No worries, though, cuz I managed to make a crazy game-winning play right [Music] here. And that was game one. Went much better than expected. Let's see how we do in the next one. This game I'm ling Mazar, which is an extremely favorable matchup for Yaso. You just need to make sure to get QSS at some point. I managed to catch him off guard early after he comes back from a failed role. Ghost really helped me stick to him here. Couldn't quite finish him though. That was the case until he decided to lane fleshless with 200 HP. So, of course, I'm going to go for the kill. I'm running here to help my dear since he got caught but couldn't nearly save him. and I ended up being the one trapped in a 1v2. I tried going for the double kill, but I misplayed a bit and managed to get Z only. Mahar started to get on my nerves, so I went for him under his own tower and ended up trading kills. Here we are trying to sneak the enemy red, but Viego showed up in the last second, ruining our plans. No problem though since I got ghost and I could run him down. Then we tried to go for Atakan and fighting them at the same time which turned out to be a 3v5 at some point. I tried my best but couldn't do much. Afterwards, we got a pretty good series of events. We managed to get Drake. I bait the enemy to a bad fight. We get Baron. We storm their base and we win. So far, we are two for two. Let's see if we can get a third win as well. This game I'm landing versus a Camil mid, which is kind of weird, but I'll take it. It seems though that uh I'm not ling versus one person. I'm landing against [Music] four. No problem though. I managed to get a huge kill on coming with Pantheon's gang afterwards. Then the enemy team decides they want to lose the game and force a team fight with us as you can see. Then we managed to get a quick kill on Casopa and I'm looking to one v one Camil [Music] afterwards. But I played it horribly and died. I knew I could beat her, so I'm going back to one v one her for revenge. Now it's personal. And of course, I managed to beat her. Now, somehow Jyn was not paying attention here. And I catch him completely off guard and almost one-shotting him. You have slain an enemy. Then I try to go for something crazy. But I outplayed myself in the end. It seems though that my team is goated and we win just like that. And that's it for this challenge. These are the final results. As you can see, Yaso is so broken. You can win with any summoner spells. Although, it's quite clear not having flesh on Yaso is a huge disadvantage, though. I hope you enjoyed this video, and if you have any other crazy ideas, let me know in the comments. Thanks for watching.
