Title: KASSADIN SEASON 16 CARRY GUIDE | ANYTHING YOU MUST KNOW TO CLIMB!
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIBLGBtzSkk

Content:
Hey guys, sex bait moan. In today video, I will exactly tell you how to play Casady in the season 16. How to climb with him, all concepts, all the tips from the early game to the late game. Stay with me. You're not going to regret it. Since we are about to start, remember the king never bends. The pain is temporary and the pride is forever. So never surrender and take it on your chest. It's important to know what you're going to get from this video, if it's even worth watching, right? So basically you will learn how to itemize most efficient way and won't ever struggle with the builds anymore. I will teach you how to choose the runes against certain enemies so your laning will improve drastically. Combos and traits, general casadin rules of laning phase and milestones, roam timers, recalls, casa win mindset, how to side flank, and my methods of winning most of my games as Cassadin. So basically within this video, you get everything you need to become a complete casadin player. great practice, great theory and then you can just go on your own and everything will work out. Quickly about me, who am I to even make such a video? I'm a full-time coach Xate Mojo for already 5 years. I'm also passionate casadin player for like six years I would say. Uh a lot of portfolio about me is on my discord but basically I'm currently 600 LP on a west server with a 70% win rate on casadin. So I believe you can benefit out of this video. quick map about how this video will work. First of all, we start the runes. Then we go for the items, some owner spells, combos, laning tips, roms per activity. In the end of the video, we have POV analyze. So, basically, we're going to have a game versus a challenger or player Zero on the screen and a game versus Yasua. So, first game is versus Oriana, the second game is versus Yasua. These are really essential to watch by you in the end. What's your favorite Cassadin skin? Let me know in the comments. And we can start with going for the runes. Electrocute. Take electrocute versus the champions that you can contest in the early game. That could include Oriana Ari the Vigar Vagar Vigar depends how people say it. You can take it versus the millies that trade with you. So you want the response to their trade. You can took it. You could you could take it versus the Echo. You can take it versus the Kiana. You can take it versus possibly the Talon also. So basically the the thing with the electrocute is you take it when you feel you can win the lane or you think the opponents are just simply pretty bad and you can like get that trades in on the lane and that could lead you into the winning the lane into getting the kills, right? So electrocute is more about the snowball rune page and also about here those choices. So remember when you play versus mele that have heavy burst you go bone plating otherwise you stick to the second wind. You stick to the second wind because it gives you the regen versus the champions that heavy poke you. I personally like unflinching over the overgrowth because unflinching when I get slow against slows. So if some champion have a CC on the lane slows you get 10 armor 10 magic resist. So I prefer that to increase my trade potential. But if they don't have it then you can go overgrowth or you can go shield bash. Remember the secondary option is always optional. Like you can ch you can play precision secondary, you can play sorcerer, you can play inspiration. In the end it's a player preference what secondary you go. Okay, so that's basically about the electrocute. Electrocute to have a more of a trading potential in the after level six to potentially snowball out of the lane. Okay, first strike. Remember that choosing the runes is also a player preference. So I'm just telling you like the fury behind it, but there are some people climbing with the first strike only. There are some people climbing on and stuff, but just remember, okay, first strike is usually versus the players that you can beat, you cannot beat. So let's say bulky laner or the mage that has way too far range so you can't really contest. So you go like I mean ziggs zeraf you usually hard to get if they position good on on top of them right so you you can get the first strike and the second wind and you get the free scaling and out of the gold. What do I mean by scaling run page? Scaling in terms of that you get gold value out of the cash back you get from the from this uh thing here. And uh if you manage to poke them a little bit or get some trades in you get more gold from the first track. So we take the inspiration tree mainly to get better scaling in. Some people play like to play it on default. That's completely fine. And as I'm saying, it's optional in the end. But usually what I do, I take it versus the champions that are heavy bulky on the lane on the lane or I feel like I can't contest them at all. So I just prefer to scale it in. And with the secondary option, it's still you can go anything you want. One of the common options would be second wind resolve, but the most common is the domination and ultimate hunter. Yeah. So love SSA. So smonary is pretty tricky because smonary could be played in rather full scaling mindset in terms of the exomarcist value increasing your al damage gearing storm value and transcendence cooldowns which recompensate like of CDR on the road of ages. So the the rune page that you see on the screen is purely to like give you the ultimate scaling in in terms of like champion power not not like gold wise but champion power. This peaks around the mid to the early late game. You can really feel the difference in terms of the damage I would say like you know like ultimate scalar with it when to take it bro. This is where I would say we start to get more like into the topic what you prefer cuz for example if you play versus Malahar usually Malar is neutralizing you completely that you can't really find that traits if he's human or if he's me then you won't find that many traits against him then you could be like hey okay Mazar I can't beat because the guy will be just perma shove on me so he neutralizes me so then you have a choice do you go first try to get some gold value in or just want to secure the full pure scaling and I say against Mazar even I out go summon summon area right so you just got to think about the matchup that like you don't really want to contest match and uh you want to get that full clean scaling value in the other option will be that you play exactly this but with the scorch and resolve secondary and then you go double adaptive and you play more for like a early game pressure which I'm going to relate to in the next uh slide comet is basically what when your opposite laner is implementing so much pressure on you and you want to punch him back to increase your pressure on the lane. Which means that if you make them low enough or lower that also worsens worsens makes worse their roam timers impact on the map and increases your kill potential. That works pretty good against really good Oriana that works pretty good against good Azir. Could be potentially the Synindra but here we could debate. So don't thumb me down because as I'm saying you could play it with that or you could play the first strike or the electro. But what I'm saying which makes sense here is that you can do comet to increase your value to not become a boxing back but to actually have a trading potential back and increase the impact generate impact so they can do that much around you on the map. So that's the full early game example. Unflinching versus overgrowth, second wind versus bone plating depending on the matchup because that could be took taken also versus the some matchups possibly that could be to taken versus Talon because the guy have no sustain. They never go second win. They never go dish when they play Talon, right? Similar could be to Kiana but then with the bone plating and I personally will do it next time I play versus Kiana. ICBA playing electrocute because yeah I just I would just go combat and more pressure and a little bit easier to play this through. So I would say that's like that. You could play I scorch also with the same setup in the resolve. But basically the rule was when you play versus ranged you can go I because you have guaranteed heat. When you play versus mele you can go comet because uh then you proc your E and the comet is guaranteed. But anyway when I press that cubro on those ranges they always get the comet in. So I would say we are fine on the comet for early game setup also. You guys get so much value out of this. It's crazy. Conqueror. I'm only creating this because people will be like what? Hey, what about Conqueror? I mean Conqueror when the enemy have four tanks, five tanks, four front laners, then you could consider possibly conqueror. So you're more bruiserish. You can have a prolonged fights. You heal on them. You know, you you have like kind of infinity keystone value. Keystone. Infinity Kingston value in current meta. No one plays conqueror. I don't no one else. But just because just saying, yeah, that's a thing. It was existing. Some people might prefer it, but I wouldn't do it. But still, it's a full guide video for front laners where the other keystones doesn't make sense. But still, if even it's like it's like full front trainers, then I would rather consider full scaling from the or other first. Okay, this one is going to be the hardest to explain, but I need your focus. So if it comes to the build paths, you have build path griffin and build puff guts from a berserk consistency which is road of ages scaling rune page. Usually it's like road of ages archangel malignance, right? So let's start slowly. So first thing is road of ages. We look on the screen. Then if it comes to the shoes in the current meta, the tier three shoes, the defensive ones are really comfortable. Most of the games we rather on the road of ages will end up on a mercury threats or steel cups. They give you more bulkiness are extremely conf. So I didn't see anyone and I didn't myself play sorcerers almost at all in the current season because you're bulky. You increase that with the mers or the steel cups depending on the matchup or enemy team comp. If you need CC anti-CCC or if you they have too many auto attack champions then you put in here the steel cups then you go Archangel. Malignas is pretty common on the third one and this is the last four slots, the last slots they are flexible because that can be zona just right there. That could be void stuff, that could be Rabadon, that could be basically now you need to ask, do they have magic resist? No, then you don't go void stuff. Okay, are you turbo snowballing and you go you want to go rabadon, they are squishy, blah blah, you can do that. Okay, but if let's say they are turbo crit champs and they're really strong, you go randuino or they have too much AP, you are three items but the game is pretty tough, you go aby mask. Yeah. And then in the end you put void stuff in or abadon. And again the same question that's how it works. Squishy build is pretty simple because here is the same. So you can go sorcerers but let's say if you play versus Yasua you can go steel cups then you go malignance setups and always go archangel za third you go always zona third on the malignance setup and then it's the same question do I need anything else or do I just go full AP and I need to cover Muramana or you guys going to kill me murana is when you have almost full AP team and you know they going to be buying magic resist then instead of archangel you can go Muram mana yeah so that's one thing the the Fimble Winter. I know you're looking at it now and you're like, "Hey, but tell me about Fimble Winter." I mean, the problem is I don't play Fimble Winter. So, I don't have the enough data about the Fimble Winter. What I can tell you is some people buy double tier items and they put it here on the ROA, Muramana, Archangel, then they skip Malignance, and then it depends what you buy. Again, it's flexible. Remember, usually the three slots are pretty easy, but then the last two slots, that's where it gets more flexible. Okay. So that could be Muramana blue like blue. I saw he played some fimul winter on the test. He played I mean he played on a challenger I believe on GM. Some people play Muramana. In my opinion Muramana is situational but there are people that played every game. You can do it too. It's up to you in the end. I'm not going to make a problem out of it. But what works for me is I'm just doing world of ages archangel. Then I'm questioning malignance on the third slot or do I need let's say like a zona. Now it's the same even you can start questioning on the zona on the third one now that works. Yeah Ionian shoes because now the merks and steel caps are pretty strong I skip usually the Ionians and frozen heart I mean when they have a lot of auto attack speed but if they have so much creed then rando is better because rando decreases so much damage and I would say that's it guys about the the things from the itemization really important. Thank you for listening about the items. Just wanted to let you know on my patreon.comx bitmojo you can get access to my coachings for the $5 and for the $10 you can get access to my videos of me playing versus a grandmaster challenger players on the west server on some masters. So that's a lot of in-depth uh stuff. Uh you can read about it here or also if you just want to support what I'm doing uh creating this knowledge and stuff you can just consider Patreon. Thank you so much. smon spells and now you see it and you're like, "Hey, bro, what the [ __ ] You you want me to play every summoner spell? What the [ __ ] Mojo?" So, look, look, current season the cheat Okay, I will stop touching this ring. So, current season, the situation is basically that the cheater reset gotten so good, I mean, sorry, recalls gotten really good because the harm guards, they go halfway to the lane. So the TP stopped becoming such a priority which means that you can consider more in your games ignite or barrier. Barrier would be more like a scaling air boy scaling. Ignite more like a electrocute setups or full early game setups that I just showed you about. Okay. TP I do still but I'm considering getting back more often on the ignite again or barrier to be honest. But I do TP against like turbo extreme players, but I'm playing on a I mean, if I play versus challenger orana, I would prefer TP, you know, but you need to just realistically ask yourself, can they [ __ ] punish my first reset? Because you have good wave management and stuff, you probably will do fine with the ignite or the barrier. Okay, barrier. Barrier. I'm from an A, bro. Barrier. And then exhaust. Exhaust. That could work. But the thing is the ignite and the barrier. barrier bro they have 180 cooldown which are the fastest cooldowns while exos is 240 if I'm not wrong or something like that so exos is a little bit longer CD could be used versus some z I would say uh what would be so broken I would still stick to bar but could be like kiana zet I would say zed comes to my mind the most uh ghost this is something that you need to mark my words about one day people will play the ghost on the cassadin and I will was the one that come up to this. I was the one. You will see because if you don't need ignite, if you don't need TP, if you don't need barrier and they're like full squishy and you want to h hunt on them, get flanks in, reach to them and the ghost, this could make sense. I don't need you to play it. I'm just saying, okay, I just want to create the legacy that you will see the win rates on lalitytics.com. One day you will see the ghost there. I'm sure cleanse. This one can work. And I'm also the one that probably the one person that like would consider to say that versus Zoe because if you get bubble, you usually die or you end. So you go cleanse, problem solved. Uh helps. Or fiddlest stick. Fiddlest stick match up mid lane. The fiddler this [ __ ] challenger guy annoying. You go cleanse and boom. Because the problem is if the fiddle jumps the fear is so long even on the merc threats that you might lose the game for it. Lisandra, you know, sometimes that that just blocks you, right? Lisandra, Fidel, um, Zoe. Boom. 200 IQX bait mojo. Time for the combos, guys. So, we're going to keep it simple. If you know, you can skip. But just a little bit of the theory. So, you slow the person, you reach, you do auto attack, then you do W, you queue, you walk back. That's a quick trait on melee range while you disengage without rift talk. Right? So, basically, this combo is supposed to put the most damage in. What's the most important about this combo is that you auto attack W. That's all about the traits from the level six. Basically, you slow or you cue the person dependence. Let's say you slow. If you can slow and reach out, you do auto attack W, then you queue and rift back. this combo. What I mean by riftto back is when you are playing versus a champion that can heavy contest you like Yasuo, Talon and stuff, you can't rift on a Yasu Talon because they will usually melt you because Yasuo is a melt auto attack champ. Talon is a cooldown dependent. So you could rift on a Talon if he doesn't have any cooldowns. But otherwise against mini champions that are risky, scary, you do the combo that goes out with rift talk. And from the other way around, if you play versus champions that you can contest like some mages that are vulnerable and they can't melt you, you rift talk, you slow them or you reeto, slow them and do the same sequence. So basically there is no one combo pattern that you must understand trade understand trade starts or ends with rift talk. That's all you will see on the video. Also guys, if some of you are interested in one-on-one individual coaching to help you reach your dream rank or just be be happy with the game play, then you can consider whether one hour coaching to just try it out, see how you like it, or you can consider a full 8 hours uh training plan. All links are in description. If you're doubtful or not sure if that's for you, you can book a free introduction call with me to actually discuss how that coaching would work like in your situation. Thank you so much for listening. Okay, a little bit of the theory, then we are good to go. So, general laning tips. Q, you stay efficient on the lane. What does it mean? You don't waste Q and Omni. You use Q to block the damage and to farm with it. Pre six. If they let you free farm, smile. Because if they let you free farm, you can guarantee the free scaling. So if they don't pull your waves, if they if they don't pull your waves and they push, just just focus on that CS bro till six because the better base till the level six, the easier it's going to be to to later on beat them. Especially if you can get like a blasting wand. Use your HP bar to be efficient. So your HP bar is like currency that you pay for the certain minions. So this concept is pretty tricky because you need to keep a golden balance between how much of the HP bar we give for how much gold on the POV uh on the in the end of the video. You will see you will see surviv comfortable then it usually gets easier. Trade around their cities. So track enemy cooldowns. It's like a chess game. So you see they waste their cooldowns. you can consider trading back with your cooldowns while their their cities are are down. Yeah. So that's general laning tips. Laning phase milestones is you first get to the level two window and you want to make sure that you're not going to get punished on the level two window. Second milestone is you want to get comfortable first reset rather like a quick cheater reset or you TP back without losing too much wave or not losing wave at all losing XP. Uh first slow push first slow push toward the enemy turbo hard concept. If you get pulled like that, then you either misplayed something or you played poorly or simply they are just clever and they did that. Then it's a burg survival. You need to ask the jungler to help you with the crashing usually because you might just die on that. Right? So the first slow push toward the enemy is the hardest concept. If you if that doesn't happen, that's what I'm saying. Just smile. You are you don't you can't complain. If you don't get pulled versus Somyasu and stuff, that's okay. Sometimes you might get pulled because you trade to him in the wave inside the wave and you cause the wave to push a first TP back to the lane. But now we don't play with TP that often. So that's you know just like your first TP. So basically first recall can be first TP. So you you recall and then you T back to the lane reaching level six efficient and then we can start contesting. These are the milestones. ROM timers. So everything about ROM timers is basically about your proactive mind because every time you shove the wave into the nei you want to ask yourself these questions. So do I have enough gold to recall? Is my HP fine? So you want to question is the reset possible or should I just stay on the lane? There is not much to do. If you decide to stay any rotation possible, can I ward or deeper ward? Can I make any pressure? Every time you push it just you need to start pilotting questioning your mind what can I possibly do on the map. Yeah, that is the problem of people that the people they just stay and they don't think about like what can be possibly done on the lane, what can be done outside the lane. I'm not saying that you force from timers. No, no, no. There is no magic recipe because every game is dynamic and it's like you have deck of your cards and then you need to dynamically choose uh which cards to use in the certain moment. You can rather work on it on your own. You can listen to the VOD that I will analyze or you can consider the coaching with me and I will help you develop those habits. Right? So you don't have to only kill the opponent on the lane to carry your game. You can think about convers conversion transitioning your lead but not always. Sometimes you will just sit and scale but as I'm saying sometimes you do this sometimes you do that. That's why I'm not a fan of giving general tips. Even though I just gave you general tips I still made the questions because when you coach someone you want the person to think you don't want to create a zombie sideline. So about the sideline, it's like you're not going to ARM with your team, but you actually want to go to one of the sidelines. Usually it's when the bottom lane turret goes down, the enemy bot will transition to go to the mid. Preferably after the quest finishes, okay, the quest of the of the roles that it finishes, then you go to to the side lane, bot lane or top lane, usually bot lane, depending also what objective is up. So you go on the side lane, you create their pressure, you can try to beat your opposite laner, especially if it's a mage. usually you win most of the mages on the side lane and yeah you create the pressure someone is busy because they need to receive the wave and that gives you the potential roam timer to let's say go to the mid and make it 4v3 or 5v4. Uh so that's a repetitive concept of like you want to be keep getting resources XP while implementing the pressure on the sideline potentially maybe even not chasing the person uh fighting them beating them or just as I'm saying creating the pressure and rotating some you are just losing so you go side just going to tle on the sideline because your team is losing and you can't elevate the pressure on the side. Thank you guys for watching the theoretical part of the video. Consider supporting the Patreon. Join Discord to be part of the co community. The universal link is in the description. Patreon is in description. So now it's time for the really important part, the point of view perspective, me explaining everything I do in the two games. Okay guys, so the first game versus Vero, pro player, challenger, multiple seasons, me on Casadin, 66% rate, 600 LP, Grand Masters also in the lobby, and some masters, but actually some people were just previous challengers here, right? So we speed up. I'm playing the first strike with the second wind because I just wanted to make sure I'm gonna be as consistent as possible along with going for the TP right there. So, that's what I went for. And uh yeah, the game starts. This shield start second wind unflinching because if he's going to be doing I will be able to heal. So, that's what I start. The guy already warded my raptors. And now the most important thing is that I want to make sure that I won't stay on the same side as the wave. So I won't give him double value out of the thing. Yeah. So basically I'm here standing and every time he will try to throw Q at me, I will try to block it with my Q. So that's the goal here. If he hits me, I don't mind because you don't want to be like full health. You have second windy shield. So that's completely fine to lose a little bit health because that's also reduces the push amount of the person Q auto attack here. Step away and now the big thing is about the ranges you need to learn to give some ranges in the early game because the the rangets in early game they will cost you so much health. Yeah. So here again if it's a mini minion here you walk up and then you queue max range and you keep on farming. The guy was also about to get level two so you're respectful. Look how I'm positioning all the time. I'm trying to be vertically opposite to the person. Then I'm doing the queue again. As you see, there is so much pressure from the guy. The body is constantly on me. I'm wondering if I should get your W. Then I was like, "Oh, [ __ ] I didn't get that 20 gold, which I wanted. The closer you, the less distance between Q and the minion. So, it's a higher chance that you will secure the minion with your Q. Okay, right there. I don't have much. So, again, I'm staying vertically. If the person is left, I am right. Yeah. So that's what you need to uh do also. If I am left, he's left, I am right. Again here, pay attention to my movement. I'm more from the left getting the minion. Then cannon really important. Popping up the orange potion to get more damage and pinging that there is a rom coming from the zero. So he's converting the lead. Really? No, he just deported. Okay, so that's a deport, but was worth to let the jungler know. And now sometimes they can pull the wave. So, we need to figure out what this guy does. Uh, but as you see, it's repetitive concept of you queuing and keep on regenerating more points Q to block more damage for the survival. And you want to be pushed now. You don't want to get pulled. So, if I see the guy starts to pull the wave, I would let him hit me. Yeah. So here it's really important that you just maximalize the last that you don't cause the wave to push any further because otherwise if you get pulled that's the trouble. So here I'm not pressing spells on him and I like that he hits me here and presses the spells because that causes the wave to push. Why am I not using the potion is because I'm regenerating more from second win endurance shield the more the lower health I am missing health basic regeneration. And this is doom wave right. So here I'm standing inside the wave hoping that he will press the spells on me so I can potentially cause the wave to bounce back into me. So that's what I'm doing right there. And it it happened. Yeah. So basically now again boom and keep on farming. 900 gold. Not so bad farming yet here. I let him hit me. I used the potion. That's going to be one one more wave here incoming. I'm letting him hit me one more time. It was pretty much hard. Now I have guaranteed the push. But the thing is if I can survive it. Yeah, because he still have decent amount of mana. So I would say he must be trading pretty good around his mana flow band which gives him mana per moment. Q point one more time because the damage is pretty insane. Sadly I used the Q here. So that's tough. This is the most important moment of the early lane. So I press E. I I give up on the rangers and I use that time on the rangers to give to press the B and the guy sees I want to be so he pushes. He's not going to pull me. I see he pushed. So I greet one more wave because he can't kill me. I don't have ward otherwise I would also Oh, I did mistake here right now. I get the minions and we actually handshake with each other. Handshake because the wave is about to meet on the equal state. and let's see how I buy because I could go blasting one but I sadly don't have extra 400 gold. Yeah, if I go this. So I was like okay I go blasting but then I was like okay I will try something else. I TP and I buy I buy magic mantle and dark seal. So I have a little bit AP and more defense here. I hope I hope I don't lose cannon because I lost cannon out of the hesitation otherwise that's what I do to secure it sometimes. See I miss it but I was hesitant about it. Yeah. So basically blasting one is possible. You can go blasting one. I was just testing something and I will do it more often. The the tech with the magic mantle tier to be honest pretty good. They have noturn in an enemy team that makes it pretty tough, you know. So, he's pushing. I'm keep on farming. Receiving the wave signalizing that I don't have wrong timer because I was pre six. Now when I look at I miss some minions in a really cringe way, but that just happens, right? So he rotates now and I can't really match it. So they the only rational thing you need to do now is to just push the wave and to get the play things and it's a 50/50 because you after this you can you would think like yeah but you have to go there. I mean what if you go and you you waste time and you get nothing. Yeah. So here usually the the common thing for the Cassadin players is that you go and you get the play things. You trying to get as much gold as possible to because the way that he must convert the lead as Oriana because I am scaling for free. So when he's converting the lead and I'm already too far to match him, I'm choosing what's most consistent for me which is the gold income. Okay. So that's that's the big thing right there. Now I got decent amount of gold. That's going to be B by me. And I'm wondering if I should start maxing E at this point. I was like, okay, I will just start maxing key. Sadly, no blasting one. So I want I went for the shoes. Could go also the ruby crystal instead of the shoes. But I wanted the shoes so I can potentially jump in on the person. The only problem about trading in this matchup is it's possible completely to trade and beat Oriana players genuinely. Uh now when I think about it also I would do comet against him. I would do comet scorch dishield what I just showed you on the beginning of the video. That's one thing. The problem is they have noturn. So my trading potential is limited. That's the problem. Because if Noctturn have al I need to perfectly track the nocturnal then I know if I could be trading or not. That's the problem. Now he's building up the slow push and you see he's not in the rush with it which means that he's going to create a slow push and then he's look going to look to to transition it somewhere most likely. So that's something that many people don't do. This guy knows the ball. He he creates the slow push so he's going to have the longer timer on me. I'm getting the waifen. Okay. All right. And now there the thing is I would want to trade with him if he gets too close with like let's say rifttok into eq poke you don't rift talk in and look how he's hovering. So here even if I would want to trade I see he's hovering most likely toward his jungler and additionally uh the alt might be up. So I rik here I do eq then I step back to increase a little bit of the pressure and I wanna turn and trade back again. Yeah. And I would want to trade back again. But now the thing is I wanna trade, bro. I wanna But I was really afraid of that Noctturn right there, but he wasn't there. You see? So we actually get the first kill on this V. But you Nocturn had so think about it. Yeah, I I am limited here. I remember Zero said like, "Yeah, you had you you you played bad because you had way more chances to two trades, two options to trade with me more than you did." But I'm like, "Hey, but you know, you have noturn, bro." So, I know I can, but but we will see. Maybe I will make conclusions here, you know. So, now I reset. I'm not going to get one more wave because I will lose my tempo. I'm buying blasting wand. That's a huge start for me. Mhm. So, we will see. So, the beginning looks pretty good so far. team is doing the dragon. You got to see it, of course. I want to talk EQ. That's the base common trade pattern. Memorize it, please. That's your common trade pattern because you you can't always rift in because that can be risky or you might just get run down. I'm not saying here is just the jungle factor more. For now, we receive the wave. Pay attention how I receive it. We have no pryo. uh to contest the void grabs. So we just give it. So since I see the nocturn I can do EQ and as you see we are creating the pressure. So the guy roam timers they woren up. They're warsing right because if he rotates he's half health at this moment at this time before he gets the first item you're still winning Corana could be riftto eq boom and now it's like I could be looking to click front and look for the trade. However, my cooldowns are still pretty long but also I can't because no. So I think maybe he meant this moment now if I want to be open-minded about me because I was on his stream after the game. We receive reeftok EQ. Boom. And you see they were insta on me. I would say I'm playing pretty good. ATCS 1040 against the Oriana main challenger pro player and we get both. But you know what? Turn this back and see bro that it was literally cime and Jarvin would take the aggro. Well, let's call it my bad. But bro, that looked like he would be taking the but I'm talking like it requires so much awareness outside. Yeah. Just a little bit centimeters 1 cm backwards, bro. And that looks so much better. I went mers, but I'm wondering if I should just The problem is this dark seal. It's like it wasn't bad, but I have no slots and I would say I would prefer catalyst here. But we're almost done with the shoes, but I delayed the roa here. So, it's like 50/50. To be honest, I would be down to do catalyst, but I just didn't have slots. some mers because to make me more bulky for the lane. I do full W max now. >> He does negative damage to me. I'm higher level also. here. I could be looking to turn on him the moment he was casting, but >> I just didn't want to rift talk here and he would be like, "Yeah, well, okay." But he also got healed from the support if you just seen right. So that's what I'm saying. I'm limited, bro, on the nocturnal here and I really don't want to throw the lead otherwise that would be trading window. So as you see, I have a lot of spectral awareness. I mean complex awareness. Not no idea how to call it. I'm just steps ahead here. That's okay. Rift EQ and we can really beat that guy. Like holy [ __ ] we can beat him. But I just need some clue. I need some more clues, bro. Cuz we are winning. That's my peak moment of the lane before he gets to our changel. And Nocturn is in in my jungle. I'm trying to help. And yeah, that's it. Yeah. So I'm 97 CS to is ver being how much CS not sure how much CS that guy is tempo reset catalist or did I stay? I stay. Why do I stay here? Because I could recall for a tempo and get but I wanted the ROA really badly. So I was down to exchange one more real quick. Do I give this two? I don't believe so. I give them. So you see I want to throw up but I need that one more one more minion and I get it. So I can recall and if need I can TV back. But waves waves are still pretty far behind me. So I would say if it's a cannon I can make it in time and it's perfect example of a cheater recall. Cheater recall means that you recall and you make it in time between waves without losing anything. That's what we call cheater reset. Mustafa is losing so much. Mustafa is chugged. Mustafa was getting wrecked there. If Mustafa wasn't 09, so much easier game. I lose cannon. I know. So he played against Mogat also. He was perma roaming on middle. I just outscaled him. So again, I want to quick trade the guy. But what about Nocturn? If I die, game is over. So, you know, let me know if you think I could be trading more, but I don't think so. But maybe someone can open my mind, then you can give me the timer and I'm really down here. The mistake is that I'm trying to match it while already it's only Jarvin. That was the biggest mistake because I should have shuffed and keep getting the plates. So that's what you make conclusions about. Was TP good or bad? You stay, you keep receiving. You need to analyze the situation and genuinely ask yourself, can that be possible to to get that here? It wasn't. So Zero gets the stuff. I should be getting one plate on the M at least and one more wave faster. And I should deny him one wave. Quick iterate. As you see, I gotten the magic shield from the mer threats. Pay attention to cooldown of your me merc threats because they improve your trading. Also, the boots are really good for the trading. And why sorcerers are worse? Because now the people buy mers so often that the sorcerer has gotten worse when I think about it, right? So, I receive it. Boom. Varus went mid and I got confused but I mean my quest is done. The guy just transitioned which I would say that was fine. I thought he's running me down for a moment that he tilts you know and they died on a bot side you know in a really important timer where they could survived they died on a bot side. So as I'm saying it just like in the game like this when an enemy laner is pretty good and have noturn pressure on me uh this depends if my team let's say we could knew that they that we shouldn't force on the top side we force on the top side that's unfortunate here you just focus on getting efficient resources we trying to act too much guys because if we acted less if Mustafa wasn't perma dying top side and the team would just handle better then it's okay but it's solo queue but you just got to Keep doing what's most correct for you and that's the only thing that realistically matters on solo queue doing what's correct for you. So I'm getting the gold. This video is going to be so beneficial for you. It's really high quality game and game play. I get it. But I'm out, bro. I mean I can walk but like my team goes right from the tri bush. So, even if I go forward, even if I'm go forward, the guy goes back because he knows he's getting rotated on. That's not possible. That's not possible. You are dump [ __ ] You are dump. I'm I'm I'm wiser than you are. Recall. And we go for our changer. We go for a little bit components most likely. Let's assume I would recall here, right? It's okay. We AFK since we are in Just Mute. Mute the soy boy, bro. Keep playing. Keep playing. Mute the soy boy. Okay, I'm getting the components that I'm about to receive the side wave one more time. I will have TP up. So, I will look to transition it soon on the mid or the top lane. I realized I talk better when I don't have headset because when I have headset, I don't hear my pronunciations that good. But now when I don't have headset, I probably talk better English that I usually do. Than I usually do. They got picked again. Life is brutal and full of zatskas basha biceps. So we just go and you watch your team basically get wrecked and you keep pushing, keep betting resources. Those tipping on recalling helps you defend them. No. then you keep committing to the sideline and that's where most people just fail in the concept. Guys, I want to know if you climb out of the this video, you join the discord and I want your YouTube review about how much this video helped you. Okay? Also, if you appreciate my work, just say a good word about Xbait Mojo to your friends or anything. There is a guy full coaching not only in Casadin everyone. Yeah. So just if you can just say a good word support the channel about me helps so much. So basically elevate the siding. Oriana is supposed to catch it. I'm getting the archangel going for the malignance now. I need to go for malignance. I go oracland also. Now I'm going to go both side. We have TP up for the Nasher in 40. Dragon is in one minute from now on. I'm excited for this video. I'm so excited, bro. I'm so excited to share it. Holy [ __ ] That's my masterpiece, bro. Okay, Mustafa unfortunately dies again. You just want to keep staying efficient. We're level 13. Road of age is on the five stacks. Need to count the people on the map. Where is the Noctturn? Where is Doriana? Take a cheesy puffing if possible. If there is nothing, just elevate the push because dragon is in 30 and you have really have do push on the mid so you can't comment that much far. Mustafa died. They get picked in the jungle. So his decision, do you TP or do you stay on this point? I'm like, hey, not much to do. Keep getting resources. I could be tipping for the Nashor, but the problem is we can't get Nasher because Mustafa is dead and G4 is basing. You see, everything is just percentage percentage chances of you possibly getting successful play or not. So what I teach my students is I tell them don't be too ambitious. Be bold. Be rational. Look how much gold I'm getting, bro. You see that? And that's plus 100 350 plus split 800 for the team, bro. And I'm level 14. Roa will give me 15. We give dragon because we are too weak and they are on the Nasher. Nash increases their damage. So that's why we don't fight and they have also better pressure. Yeah. So if it's second dragon of the game, we give it and we give me time to scale it through till the level 16. That's basically the mindset right there. I'm trying to wait here, but even I if I know I can beat that guy on Archanger by the way, but I can't because not enough push on the mid lane. I don't know about the Noctur, so I got to keep staying chill. How do I even have so much energy to to do so much commentary in a row? Okay, so here I'm just waiting. They will probably get the tier two bot, tier two top lane. That's just correct on the map. Nocturn is meanwhile doing dragon which want to defend. There is a go in of course Noctturn will come up. You know what's good about the videos once you play versus challenger players and you realize okay you can handle them you're not doing bad then you come to the realization you can achieve anything in this game. That's where the real League of Legends where the real mentality starts to develop, you know, for the game. We have to give sadly because we have even bought kind of even not even at this point. Then we have full losing top side. Here I baited out the alt. He was thinking I'm stupid or what and not much to do. Akali is getting the mid shove. So we got a gif even more sadly. and she opens inhip and I'm like why would you open inhip? Because you give me four minutes till the next dragon and four minutes till the nasher. Okay. So, okay, you can use that inhip to potentially get tier two turret top and to increase the pressure on the map, but I don't think so. Power farming me on the mid lane now and giving me faster 16 and more gold was correct play on Akali. What do you guys think about it? Cuz I would say that in he wasn't to me in my head from my perspective cuz look, I'm getting how much gold per wave? over 150 and I'm almost one more wave and I'm 16 and I'm 16 in a moment. They go on my team sadly because we are defending tier two turret guys. You can't defend tier two turret while the mid tier one and tier three are down because you can get flanked from behind under the tier two. That's why it's not possible to contest that. The big mouth varus big. So I'm getting the 16 right there. It's 24 minute. I'm 226 CS, almost 23. Receiving, getting malignance. I'm three items at this point. Level 16. I'm ready to play the game. Sadly, the game looks like some [ __ ] Hunger Games District 11 or 12 because or Kingdom Rush. Kingdom Rush by Armor Games on the browser tower defense. You know, that's how it looks like. Rat race to gameplay bro. So now I'm keep scaling. The next time we will be deciding the game is going to have a place on the Nasher probably because we finally got a decide. It's rather for the soul or for the next Nasher. We are startling as much as possible. Yeah. So that's the thing. I wonder how many people are watching till now. I'm really doing my best to be so clear with you. And I'm going abyal mask because you know when enemy are so much fat, you got to flex the build. So I'm flexing the build into the abyssal mask now. I can't go. I'll just get one up. So I just do aby coming and Mustafa dies. So we lose 50 seconds. So, we can't prepare the ground for the national. Doing like a quick trade here, but can't really go in on so many people with the CC up. After this one, I will record the only I'm checking which dragon third one we can give fair dragon. Then we play soul. Really, really vegan. game play. We got a gift so much 06. Yeah. But it's only about how you will perform and what you can do long term because if you make conclusions out of this game and you implement them on the next game, then you sooner or later climb. That's just reality of League of Legends. I don't care how bad is your team. I only care what you could have done. So cut the [ __ ] bro. About your team. Just stop it. Just stop it, bro. because it's not clear. Not cool. They do nasher. I'm trying to approach, but I'm at this point coming to realization. Okay, let's trade dragon for the Nasher. That's the only thing we can possibly do. Jarvin gets one-shoted. I'm trying to reach Akali Q to cancel her TP reef token. I get her. But actually, we can't do anymore the dragons. So, we got a reset. And I got like a crazy combo here. >> And I die for the first time. I don't know. Was that my fault? I think maybe I could survive. I didn't focus. I was wondering about this death here, you know, genuinely. The first death was really unfortunate this one. But the the the timing was perfect, bro, with Noctton. Oriana Noctturn. It's not LCS, guys. Relax. You just solo Q. So, we are on the full tower defense as you see. Yeah, I'm for items. I see potential to win in this game. Yeah, but it just the map looks terrible. So, that is the problem. I should speed up the death timers to be honest. So, we go mid about to receive the wave. We're thinking they're on the dragon. And they do this combo again. That's crazy. They do this combo. They killed someone. So, it's one for one. I'm trying to contest here. And I'm genuinely, bro, doing so much damage. But Corki is finishing me off. Our AD carry died. and then fullfeed Akali and Corki with two Nashers and stuff. At this point, I would have won. I don't know. Zero said I played that bad, bro. But I I wouldn't say so. I would say I played that game the way I was supposed to. I don't I wouldn't even say ego. I consider myself I play this game good and I deserve to win, but I didn't win. So, there were some like small things, but away from me pretty consistent stuff. So, let me know how did you like the video number one. And we're about to go to the Yasua matchup now. And I forgot to say that's a reckless game with Reckless in the team. [ __ ] Hey guys, game versus Yasua on a Grandmaster challenger level. Yasua Grandmaster D Fiddler on the top lane challenger reckless on bot lane as a in my team. So going to be interesting. I took cleans because I thought it's going to be Philstick but it's Yasuo. I play first strike with the second wind and additional just to make sure I'm going to get efficient scaling in. Normally I would go TP versus Yaso. If the guy doesn't push level one, what I'm going to do is I would normally E, but he kind of pushed so I could start the queue and got normally the the stuff. So we just take a chill for now. It's all about the efficient farm expecting when open can punish you. As you see, I'm not pressing Q on Yasuo. I prioritize getting more resources. He warded her raptors. Now I press that Q. The question if I lose any of the minions. This one I could gotten. So that wasn't worth Q. That's really good example of a bad first strike usage because I queue him while I could queue auto attack Demion and get more gold which would be 20 from a mill minion. Is there a sound? As I thought. Okay. All right. Fixed. Good. I realized. Holy moly. As you see, make sure you don't quue him or hit him now because if you do that, you would cause the wave to push into him. So, you really want to focus on getting the resources. This Q, I mean, acceptable if I get both of the minions. Okay. It was bad queue. Then it was bad queue. To put it simple, if Yasua is roaming, you ping it. You never rotate. Wave is slow pushing. You don't push it unless you see a Yua bot. Then if you see a bot lane, you can decide to hard shove it. Otherwise, you don't want to push it now because if you push it too much, he will just zone you out and that's going to be a problem. So, I quick trade while getting the resources. And as I'm saying, wave in your comfort zone which is near the turret is what we prioritize. This is the slow pushing coming, the most cooked situation. I queue the guy, but I shouldn't quue him. I shouldn't quue him because I only caused the wave to push even faster and that makes it doomed more. So the burgers survival is going to be about to start. I was pretty respectful. I knew Nuno is from below. So I don't get the the gunk the wave kind of a little bit fixed. I just pop the shield and get first strike. But I should be careful to not you shouldn't hit the E on too many minions because you only make it worse in the moment like this. Yeah. So keep that in mind. >> This cannon you want, but I don't have mana. So I just got to watch it, bro. And let it burn. Let it burn with full maxi. Two points Q to secure the ranged minions under the turret. Then we full maxi wave is doomed in this situation. You can call here also I see that the I have a timer. The guy is pulling me anyway. Yoni goes without prior to my to my side. So I just walk here. Simple. And I'm trying to get a kill. She sadly took it in my opinion. She could give me because then I can scale faster and be stronger in the game. Uh but that's okay. I mean that would help me so much if I only trust myself on solo Q. That's why I really want to devour. Devour. Devour. Yes. Watch Blue. If you play Cassadin, watch anime Blue. It's really good anime relating to how you should play Cassadin. Okay? Blue anime. You don't never seen anime, watch it. Blue lock. That's going to help you play better Cassadin. You will understand why I want everything here. He might dive you. So, be careful because he's ignite. I have cleanse to to cleanse it, but you never know. Yeah. So, I'm just like careful here. But the guy like kind of brain like he didn't have minions. So that was giga end by him and he was low enough that I was like hey you know what since he's so low so low enough I will try one more wave because I knew I'm getting my level six so I knew my wave will increase. Make sure you hit as many minions as possible with your riftwag. Same with your e usage. Now we recall we made it in time. If because we knew Yasu was basing and then he had to come back. So that's a perfect base. That's a blasting wand. And here refillable potion is possible. Come back. Look at the surroundings. And we play for malignance because against champions that heavy melt you, you should be considering malignance because then if he goes blade of the run king and you go, he will melt through you. So it's really good to go Malignance in that case scenario. Getting the wave in. I mean now I just made this wave like little I block the minions so I can rotate without losing the wave and it's still going to be uh on my side. I'm trying to approach and I see what we can do here. I actually could rift and I misclick right. I didn't manage to refer before, but to in my opinion, we shouldn't even be considering getting that because I still don't have that much prior. So, that wasn't too efficient, you know, that wasn't just too efficient to take that play. So, usually the skirmishes early skirmishes early game you'd want to be really careful with. I tried to take one and then I just set up for the team and it in the end went pretty okay. But sometimes it can get a little bit too risky, you know. So be extremely careful with be extremely careful with uh how do you receive it. Yeah. With how do you fight because often if you do bad skirmish you lose the game or you troll your game play for yourself. So here Yasua was bought. He dies. I shove now. Should be completely fine. But the skirmish was extremely scary. Let's see if I greed plate. No, I don't. I greet plate because Yasuo death timer was still 4 seconds. So I wanted to greet one plate then reset. But as you see, okay, I won't I won't end it now. So whatever. So Yasuo gets back from the base and you want to be on the same time or before him back. So, what I'm doing really good is I'm making sure I'm going to make it in time. Buying shoes and the amplifying tomb, but that could be cloth armor and amplifying tom also because in this matchup we go for the steel cups basically. I missed my E which was obviously the misplay cuz then team rotates which is good. Reetoft through the tornado he finish but if he would survive that would be on me. So now I got time to elevate the push and to get potential plate because the enemy person is on the 10 seconds death timer right there. So we are getting the one plate. Then I see Lunu and Fid are coming, but we are three men, so I'm trying to be the first one that joins the play. Here I should cleanse to be honest if I would say I mean I cleanse anyway, but in the end of this was a misplay. So for example, this is turbo misplay by me because I should have kept the queue to cancel the no instantly which I used on the fiddle and that's like terrible in the end. And also we knew the Yasuo is coming back from the base, right? So we shouldn't be prolonging the fight. So that's where I from my lead and that's what I'm saying. The most common problem is if you overforce some skirmish in early game and that wasn't bad skirmish but you need to be aware how much time you got what 13 way you should be using your spells for that. Yeah. So just like being really open-minded about the the conclusions but I am spiking faster this game because I am going for the as you see malignance you you go somewhere just make sure you ping it and it's all good. Boom. E keep the queue this time. Try to ping for a kill. Oh my god. And I'm even showing this on YouTube, bro. I'm psycho. I missed my rift. I'm sorry. I misplayed this this game. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Forgive me. Don't skip the video. Forgive me. I will smurf this game still. I promise. So, yeah. So, that was terrible, guys. I'm not going to lie. That was terrible. And okay, so we stay on the lane. Remember that when you quick so you do EQ W, but you reef talk back. So that's opposite trading pattern compared to the Oriana that that I did on the previous one. So now I'm walking up and I just wanted to pop the shield of the Yasua because the shield of the Yasaw can block up to 300 damage which is a lot. So it's really important that you pop it. This guy, this Yasua is already grandmaster 800 LP in this current moment. So pop the shield, get the first strike in at this 10 minute already. That's going to become more of a pingpong on the lane. So basically, you're going to be way freely to receive between each other the waves. I need to find that efficient reset because we have Malignas 900 gold. If Yasu might be roaming somewhere, I would push. If he stays, then I just hope he pushes. Yeah. So, sometimes they might rotate for a second. You push and they will freeze on you. That would be cooked. You see, he's not that stupid because he tries to zone me out here a but then he starts pushing again, which isn't bad, right? So, which which is good for us in the end. So, in the end, we received that wave, which ends up cool. And if he rotates bot, I'm going to use that time to elevate and show the midwave because I really want to be and I can't make it in time to match him. I'm also half health, so I'm choosing what's most rational for me. I'm also greeting one more plate real quick. I ignore the pinks of allies. Sorry, can't help you in that moment. I'm in a pretty tough matchup. I need to choose to play for myself. And instead of resetting, I use map awareness to see if there is any potential opportunity on the map. And I find the fiddler pink here. And I just didn't want to risk. I just flash him out. Probably I didn't have to, but I just really wanted to guarantee the lead here. I tax full wave on the Jace. So the next wave arrives faster and Fid is going to lose the next wave anyway. So actually Jay gets a free plate from me also against the Yasua steel cups but against Nuno fiddle merks looking better generally but I will go steel cups to beat Yasua. Oh no, I went mer to make sure I won't get like turboed by sona al and fiddle mainly for the fiddle fear because that fiddle direct duration bro is crazy broken crazy broken so I'm still on the mid lane the bottom lane is still on the bot side about to elevate the pressure and now I'm really aware of the surroundings I'm trying to question Um, I'm trying to see the opportunities on the map and I would love to transition the lead that I have. I would love to transition the lead that I have on the map. So, the sooner the guy pushes, the faster I can receive the wave. And the faster I receive the wave, the sooner I can look to play the map. Yeah. Otherwise, we just free scaling still. Game is going good. So you see I'm really good at expecting his point of view perspective because I every time I woke up I expect him to jump on my minions. The cleanse was turbo bet useless cuz he wasn't igniting me. So the cleanse was insanely useless because he didn't ignite. He wind the alt. I greet one more wave, but I need to take to consideration where is the Nuno. Yeah, because the Nuno is the only problem that could happen here. Then I see Nuno. I see fiddle top. I see two people bought, which means that I'm using map awareness to make decisions between reset, roam timer, greet, stuff like that. Really important. So I'm keep getting the stuff. I'm pretty low, so I'm just greeding gold. Yasua is coming back, so I'm not staying one more wave. Instead, I'm resetting right now. Okay, in this moment, I'm about to receive one more wave. Pretty okay by its even though I don't work out for a longer time. Actually, Yasuo is getting the wave. Then he rotates both side. I just receive it. Soon we going to talk more about the silent and stuff. Still needs some time. It's 14 minute. And if I can't make it in time, I'm just pertizing the waves. Take the shield off. Perfectly timed. Actually looked cool. And I wanted to reef talk because I can beat that guy on the item difference kind of. No, but okay. But it was really risky. The only reason I did that is because he didn't have tornado back then. Because he didn't have tornado. And here you see I do it again when he didn't have tornado. But still, you see, it's like so much melt damage. That's what I mean. Between your cooldowns, he does so much melt damage. Even though I'm 4-1, I would need to have steel cups to beat him there. Then I beat him because on malignance, you have your only chance to beat Yasu is usually on Malignance. Playing slower, waiting for momentum. I don't really want to lose the lead. Tank, tank all tank, bro. He will just finish me off without auto attack. Then go to bed. Just tank it with XD. You know, I heard that Polish people are only ones that still use XD in 2K 26. Like some people don't even use XD anymore in other countries. Is that true? Like, bro, we use XD since like 2K, I don't know, 10, nine, and it stayed with us forever. I don't know, maybe because of Met in two or something. So now I would still go Met and I would like to to fight to play for some objectives with my team for incoming dragon for incoming Herald. That's what I what where I would look to transition the lead basically. Even if I sometimes don't look at them, I know exactly where they are because of the mini map. because mini map you need to use 80% of the time to navigate and to use it as your most powerful tool in the game. So I'm really patient. How many kills on Reckless? 10. Or am I tripping? No, that's not possible. Okay, get one more wave. And now secure the Herald and soon it's really going to be time to go to the side. I would say I go one more midwave and then I mosta and I would say soon we transition. So I go bot to implement the sideline pressure and I can look to fight that Yasua and others. For now I will get one more midwave by looking how I navigate on the mini map. Actually Fidel just show ups there trying to take him out but couldn't re talking back as you see as damage is crazy crazy high so Yaso is broken champ Reckless manages to kill him but I'm pretty low so I'm just waiting and spectating if I should be going in or should I call it a day here I just rift talk EQ to provide the setup we are flanking them so So it works out. I would really want to recall and go both side. So the sideline starts right now. The sideline concepts. I didn't want to risk genuinely. I rift talk but I keep que. I don't want to. And now I can I wanted to rift into slow them but I actually waste time. So it's really time to reset and to restart the game play for the side lane. So let's see what is going to be happen. I go top side because it's the closest toward me and JC was bot. So that's why. Now let's count people on the map. So one person is b side. Yasu was What? Oh, I got like the root of this [ __ ] herbs. I just spitted it. But I didn't spit. I just spit the root. I didn't spit like spit spit, you know. I will take it in a moment after this. So, I get the side. And now you just got to pay attention to the mid and the bot side. So, I I see only the two icons. So, you see I'm just tracking. I didn't see nun. I didn't know where is the fiddle. That's why I played it really slow. Sideline it's all about how many people you see here for example could be feeding and it is here and here the cleanse should be way faster so that's a mistake that's tunnel vision you see I should have expected that I was having missing information about fiddle and I didn't have to risk I didn't have to take the risk to consider this play I could just recall and call it a day we're winning so this is example how you can lose all the lead possibly another time ba Okay, dragon into 40 would be good to go to the sideline once again. So, let's see. I see the top is really deep pushed so I can look for the potential botsside play. I'm level 13. Malignance two and half items. So, we're looking for a pick trying to explore. We see the guy here. Riftto misses and he misses. Getting the sideline pressure in. My team can slowly soon look to play for the Nasher. So I implement the pressure. Then I'm going to start counting the people on the map. I see Sona. I see. I see the fiddle stick. And I can just keep pressuring. Now I'm standing near the wall because I can rift walk to the wall then. So now the fiddle is here. I just call it a day. I get the wave. But then instead of calling it a day, I can re I can go to the mid lane and look for a cross map while Fiddlestick is busy from me shoving the wave. So I'm looking for potential kills right there. I should kill Sona also. I shouldn't let her survive to be honest when I look at it now. So I got 2.2k gold. It's a good time to reset in that case. So we recall the guy stops me. So I can't one more time need to cancel and restart it. And we want to play for objectives because where you going to be deciding the games and converting the lead is going to be for objectives. So basically now I will be going toward the dragon and that's where I want to decide the fight because we are 23 to 17. The game is not going that bad. It's going pretty consistent. There is zero problem with this. You are no void. And look now, you see I'm checking that severe because how I'm scouting on the map is I'm checking the surroundings on the icons and I'm looking to pick someone. So I just wanted to cut her off on the back lane on the bot side. But then then I realized she was even more stupid there and she went toward the jungle. So we get a pick and now I could push side lane. But I'm ah but no no no no I didn't push because Nunu can do solo Nasher bro. So we go there and we make sure that we secure that. Otherwise if it was no Nasher if you weren't scared of that I would just push both side. I didn't have to group at that time. Yeah. So that was basically the thought process here. All takes another kill. Now it's decision between the Nasher or dragon. You go Nasher dragon because it's a soul. So why would you go for the Nasher if you can secure the soul? Nasher can wait. So better to secure the dragon and dragon is also safer because Nuno can outsmart dragon arena area because he can flash into the area of the Nasher. Yeah, that's the thing about it. So we recall and soon would be good time to play for an ashore. Remember at this point it's all navigation. It's all how you navigate by seeing the icons on the map. I buy the potion because I'm expecting to be finishing the game any soon. I'm afraid Nuno does that. So we are running there. And they do. I'm coming. I riftto flash. Rift talk one more time. Dead. Sona coming. I wanted the kill, I guess. So, because four people are dead, your four team four people can do nasher. You can still push. The common mistake is some people just too many people for a certain objective while we already secured certain play. So here basically it's correct for me to keep pushing getting resources while the team is getting the N. Yeah. So that's the process right there. we recall and then we're going to be trying to finishing the game. So you want we want you on a one of the sides because then and we progress the map progressively step by step. So the next objective on a map is the tier two turret on the top lane. We took tier two mid. We took tier two bot side. So now it's tier two top side. So I'm crossing there. I'm trying to avoid the fog of war. I have aura cleanse to make sure that they don't see me. I'm fighting waiting a little bit playing it slow then want to risk into tornado. I dodge the tornado waiting with riftto expecting the enemy dodges and we get a double. So now we can get the started but there is no wave sadly. So I probably will just go and that's looks so weird and I could just go mid and cross them because there is no way if we can look to cross the mid. I'm just waiting for my rift number to go off from 640. So I'm like you see I'm like a kind of hunter. I'm like a scout. I'm watching the mini map and I'm deciding which angle to take and when. So you need to get comfortable in that phase of the game. Mhm. That's a recall. And now you have a elder dragon in 2 minutes. A matter of progressing the map once again. So tier three bot, tier three top lane. Your job is to go inside the enemy jungle, try to find a peak if possible because that would mean that you can possibly end up the game in a moment. Boom. We kill one. I see the Asu and in Fury I should go back and defend. But at this point, I'm pretty confident confident that I can just go mid and I will look and find a pick. You see, I'm not showing. I'm looking for the gaps on the map to possibly find someone. And I find Sona. Such a cutie. I'm being reckless to not take my kills, to not try me on. Don't test me, Reckless. That's my kill, bro. Boom. Za to dodge the tornado. I know I could react like into the tornado, but I knew it doesn't matter at that time. Yeah. So, we got the kills and that's how we end the game. Guys, let me know how did you like the video? How did you like the whole guide and stuff? And yeah, if you like it, like, comment, subscribe, join the Discord. If you want individual help, you know where to find Xbate Mojo. All links description for one-on-one coaching and to book a free introduction call. Thank you so much. I hope the video is going to be viewed, seen by many, and it's going to help you so much. Put it my heart into it. All the best. Good luck with the climb. I want to take a second to recommend working with Exploit Mojo who has been a terrific coach. >> I've worked with a lot of coaches over the years. Exploit is far and away one of the best. >> Thanks for teaching me so much.
