Title: How To Play League of Legends on Mac!
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_Zl2RCax0c

Content:
What up y'all? Going to be showing you how to play League of Legends on your Mac today. This is going to work for Apple Silicon Maxs, meaning anything with the M series chip in it. It will also work for Intel Macs. However, League of Legends says they are switching from OpenGL to Metal over the next couple of updates. I know some Intel Macs can run Metal. However, I'm not an expert on the Intel Mac, so I would just Google that real quick to make sure your Mac will be able to run League of Legends in the future. Also, here's the minimum specs that they recommend. You can pause that if you want to look at it. And with that being said, let's get into it. So, it's fairly simple. No fancy workound or extra steps you really got to do. Just go to Google. Normally, I would leave a link, but I guess League of Legends is region specific. So go to Google, type in League of Legends Mac download. Now mine's going to come up with North America. You can find whichever one you need anyways. So all you got to do is click that, click download Mac installer and allow. So then we can go to our downloads folder and doubleclick. Hit open. Now you can change where you want it to install at by hitting advanced options. I would just leave it in your applications though and then you can hit install. It will disappear, but after a minute or two, the Riot Games client will pop up. It will be updating as you can see in the bottom right. If you don't have an account, you can create an account or sign in with your username and password right here. Once you've logged in and this is finished downloading, you can hit play. It'll verify League of Legends. That will exit and League should pop up in a second. There it is. Just give it a minute to load up. And here was the notice I was talking about. graphics update. Sometime in the next few patches, we will move Mac OS users from OpenGL graphics technology to Metal Graphics. This will roll out gradually with the ability to revert back to OpenGL for a period of time until OpenGL is removed. If you need to switch from OpenGL to Metal or Meta to OpenGL, open client settings by clicking the settings wheel in the upper right hand corner. Select game and then graphics technology you can select. So, hit okay. Let's do that real quick. in the upper right hand corner, settings, go down to game, and it's on automatic. Going to put it on metal, and done. And once you've done that, you're pretty much good to go. The game probably still going to be downloading. You can see in the upper leftand corner what percentage you're at and how much longer it's going to take. For me, it's going to be another 12 minutes. But once you've done that, you can just hit play and enjoy the game. And that's about it. See you. [Music]
