Title: The 10 MOST OP Bot Lane Combos For End of Season 15 - League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-cF_Sd_yes

Content:
With season 15 winding down, let's take a look at 10 of the most OP bot lane combos for those of you who want to duo up and grab some free Elo before the season ends. These are going to consist of combos who have serious 2v8 potential to where if you're able to play well in tandem with each other, you won't have to rely on your team nearly as much to win games. And with season 15 coming to a close, if you want to rank up the fastest, there's no better place to be than Skill Capped. First, start with any of our fundamental courses like macro, wave control, and trading to boost your general game knowledge. Then dive into our brand new season 15 courses from coach Rog and coach Chippy, along with our newly updated jungle clear courses that cover the fastest clear for all the meta junglers in the game. And it doesn't stop there as every single week we upload 10 brand new full game commentaries where our challenger experts teach you how to climb out of the exact rank you're stuck in. We're so confident in the quality of content we have to offer at Skill Capped that we don't hide away from anything and offer you a five division rank up guarantee. Climb at least five divisions while actively using Skill Capped or get your money back, no questions asked. So, what are you waiting for? Click the link in the description below and get that rank you deserve for season 15. A combo that has gained in power over the past few patches and a really easy to execute combo consists of Swain and Pantheon. So, this is Swain played as the bot lane carry and Pantheon as the support. Swain just got buffed two patches in a row, so his power level is incredible right now, but when paired with Pantheon, it's just absurd. What makes the combo so lethal is the fact that Pantheon can turn Swain E into a point-and-click spell. When Pantheon jumps in on his target and stuns them with his W, it then allows Swain to follow with his E to land the CC and you get a really foolproof chain CC combo that is great for setting up ganks and securing kills in general. The only more difficult part of Swain is actually landing his E consistently. So, Pantheon drastically lowers the amount of skill needed to play Swain. Trying to get the early push and hitting level two before your opponent should be your game plan early on. You can skill Q at level one with Swain to help shove the wave faster and then take your E at level two. Pantheon can go Q level one to help with the push as well and then take W level two to try and CC the enemy. It's really the level three where the combo becomes extremely oppressive though because that's when Pantheon has his E and it makes being really aggressive a lot less risky. You dive in with W, get a nice chunk of damage on the enemy, and then pop E as you are on the way out to take very little damage in return. Once you finish demolishing your opponents in lane, the ability to continue pressuring that lead is great as Pantheon can look for roams with R and Swain is completely fine left on his own due to how durable he's able to get from his core build. One of the most powerful combos in meta right now and an absolute classic is Miss Fortune and Leona. It's no secret that Miss Fortune is one of the most OP ADCs right now, while Leona herself is in the S tier. So, the fact that both champs are insanely powerful on their own makes the duo synergy that much more disgusting. The whole idea behind the combo is that Leona is able to provide a ton of lockdown with the chain CC potential she has from E, Q, and R. This allows for Miss Fortune to follow up engages with a near fully channeled R and completely melt anyone that Leona engages on to. It's definitely a massive level six power spiking combo. So, you just want to make sure you don't take any unnecessary risks pre-six because if you fall behind and can't willingly engage at six, then the combo loses its potential. Say for example, you aren't super certain on where the enemy jungler is currently on the map. As the Leona player, don't try to make that engage then. At level six, it's a lot different because even if the enemy jungler is around, if Leona gets on her target, you're basically guaranteed to burst them out instantly, so you have the ability to turn 2v3 fights in your favor. Pre-six, the 2v3 power is definitely not nearly as potent though. So, that's where you have to be more calculated in how you play. As you reach the mid game, it's all about Leona fishing for pick plays whenever she's with Miss Fortune because you have incredible ability to completely nuke a target whenever a Leona alt lands. One of the most OP off meta bot lane combos that you can play with a completely ridiculous win rate right now is Brand with Nami. Every single patch, this combo quite literally has on average a 56% win rate. Now, this is probably inflated a little bit due to duos likely playing the combo the most. However, it's still an absolutely crazy stat line. What makes Brand with Nami so oppressive is the fact that Brand can throw his W down on the ranged minions. Nami can then put her E on Brand and as Brand uses his E on the ranged minions, if the enemy ADC is even remotely close to the wave, E damage from minions will splash onto the enemy ADC. They will take bonus damage from Nami E and because Nami E slows, the enemy is guaranteed to be hit by Brand's comet proc unless they dash away. So, it's just such brain dead uncounterable poke power out of this combo. And if you can slowly chip away from range and whittle the enemy ADC down, there's literally nothing they can do. The combo is the most insane when played into ADCs who are shorter range like Kai'Sa, Vayne, and Draven because they won't be able to farm without getting hit by the splash from Brand E. On your one item spikes is where the combo becomes simply unfair because Nami gets her Imperial Mandate which gives Brand even more damage. As the Brand, you can just walk at enemies and it's important for Nami to throw her E on Brand preemptively because if Brand lands his E, then that will proc the slow from Nami which will then allow for Brand to land his stun from Q much easier. So, if you want to play one of the most powerful laning bot lane combos in the game right now, then Brand and Nami is pretty much as close as you're going to get to a truly broken synergy. Going back to a more traditional combo for this next one, it's a newer combo that just got introduced this season being Yuumi and Nami with Braum. So, Yuumi and Nami on her own right now isn't anything special, but what's really interesting is that when you pair her up with Braum, her win rate literally spikes 4%. It's been this way for the past couple of patches now too, so it's not like this was just a low sample size bit of data from one single patch. Yuumi and Braum have been decimating games for a long time. What makes the combo so powerful is Yuumi's ability to proc Braum's passive really fast. Yuumi's Q is an auto attack reset, so this gives her two instant stacks of Braum's passive, which means she'll just have to auto one more time after that to proc the stun. Because of this, you can be really aggressive with the combo, especially when you have your level six. Braum can be looking for opportunities where the enemy is playing up around the wave and he can jump to a minion with his W and then follow with a point-blank R on the enemy. The pre-six of this duo can be a bit tricky if you're laning up against a double ranged duo because getting priority in lane and hitting level two first will be more difficult, but if you're against a melee support, then you should really be actively trying to push for level two first and playing for a level two all in. As you reach the mid game, as long as you're playing together, then your skirmish potential is top tier. Yuumi is an ADC who wants to get up in the enemy's face, but she also wants someone who can help protect her and Braum is literally the perfect match in that case because he also wants to be diving in, but with his E and W, he's still able to keep Yuumi really safe. A combo that takes a little more mechanical skill to pull off, but one that's nearly uncounterable when played to its potential is Jhin with Vel'Koz. This combo has a massively high ceiling because of all the long range skill shots the duo provides. To make things a lot easier on yourself, what you'll want to look to do is generate push in lane and hem the enemy under tower. As the enemy is forced to last hit minions under tower, it makes landing poke from Vel'Koz Q and Jhin W so much easier. You just want to focus on when the enemy is winding up to go for a last hit and then throw your skill shot out as they'll either be forced to dodge the skill shot and miss farm or get hit by it. At level six, all it takes is for one Vel'Koz Q to land and it's no joke a free kill 90% of the time. Vel'Koz Q followed by Vel'Koz R and Jhin R is going to take out an enemy ADC or at the very least chunk 90% of their health bar. Vel'Koz Q into R combo will take at least 50% of the enemy's health, so Jhin follows up with his R and can land all his shots, you will score yourself a kill while potentially never even giving the enemy a chance to fight back in the slightest. You can be two screens away from your opponent and still pick up kills with this combo. So, it's one of the most rage inducing synergies for enemies to have to deal with. A combo you don't really hear talked about all that often, but one who consistently holds extremely high win rates patch after patch is Ashe with Zilean. This duo has been consistently over a 54% win rate for the past five patches, which outclasses the majority of bot lane duos. So, what makes Ashe and Zilean so powerful? Well, Zilean is going to be providing the speed boost with his E and when you couple that with the fact that Ashe is going to be slowing with her W and auto attacks, it makes the kiting and sticking power of this duo top tier. If you were able to get an auto attack range with Ashe Zilean and the enemy cannot fight you, then there's literally no way they are escaping. For example, if you get an advantage in lane, it's literally brain dead for Zilean to just throw his E down on Ashe to allow her to get an auto range and then she just chases the enemy down with her slows so that they can never get away. Not only is the kiting and sticking power incredible with this duo, but the catch power is really strong too. Ashe R followed up by Zilean double bomb is a nice chain CC combo and will allow you to capitalize on enemies being out of position really well. That's one thing you really like to have in a good duo synergy is the ability to make plays without needing your team to engage because if you really want to climb the fastest, you can't rely on your teammates to be making the right decisions. And of course, the cherry on top of everything is the fact that Zilean has his revive from R. So, when paired with an immobile ADC like Ashe, if the enemy team does have a bunch of dive champions, that insurance from a revive to keep her alive from backline divers is really nice. Next up, we've got a non-traditional combo and one that involves two mages being Lux and Morgana. So, this is going to be with Lux as the bot lane carry and Morgana as the support. It should be pretty self-explanatory as to why this combo works so well together as the chain CC potential is off the charts. You've got two champs who both have spells that can bind targets, so if either Lux or Morgana can land a Q, the other follows with theirs and you have a super obnoxious lockdown. Being able to find picks in solo queue is so important as finding a catch on an enemy who's out of position and killing them before an objective spawns is going to lead to great things. So, the fact that you have two champs who are both capable of catching enemies out just amplifies your ability to carry as a duo and you never have to rely on your team to make things happen. And possibly the most obnoxious part about the duo isn't actually the fact that they have CC lockdown, but the fact that their perma shoving power in lane is unmatched. Morgana throws her W down on the wave and Lux throws her E and you're killing waves faster than the enemy is going to be able to respond. This gives you the push in lane and when you have the push and the enemy is hemmed under tower, you can do an amazing job at not allowing them to see us without you taking massive chunks of their health bar. The You actually don't even need to land your binds to be effective with this combo in lane. Of course, it's nice if you do, but just by perma-pushing and poking away at the enemy under tower, you're going to generate leads in lane extremely frequently. If you really want to play more traditional combos where the ADC is the sole carry, then these next three synergies are going to be the ones for you. First up, we've got Vayne with Milio, and this one constantly has had one of the highest win rates for any bot lane duo throughout the latter half of season 16. Milio has been one of the most OP supports, and then Vayne is a champ who's always going to be a massive threat on two items as long as she can survive in fights. So, no better support to pair Vayne up with than the best enchanter in the game as Milio can do a phenomenal job at allowing Vayne to play hyper-aggressive. One thing you always worry about with Vayne is going in too hard and then getting caught out by a CC spell from the enemy team. But with Milio, as long as he has his R available, Vayne is able to play way more aggro than with any other support in the game. If you get Vayne to two items, then you're going to be a massive threat with this combo. But if you can reach three, then it becomes a legit 2v8 duo. Vayne, if she can complete her hexplate with Milio by her side, is just simply never going to die in a fight unless the entire five-man unit on the enemy team simultaneously dives onto her at the same time. If it's just one assassin trying to get onto you, then they may as well not even try because you're going to be impossible to kill with all the durability that Milio provides combined with all the health you get from experimental hexplate. This next combo is going to put all the marbles into the ADC's hands as Yuumi will be the support while Tristana is the ADC. Tristana Yuumi is a really strong duo because Yuumi as a champion on her own lacks the ability to jump in and start fights. But when paired with Tristana, she has the long-range gap close from W and the ability to dive in aggressively. So, Yuumi pairs up extremely well with that. Tristana is at her best when she can be using her W in a more aggressive manner, looking for picks on enemy squishies that are out of position. Yuumi enables Tristana to look for these kinds of plays more frequently without having to worry so much about being out of position because if you can score a kill on whoever you have engaged on, you've got the reset on your W gap close with Tristana while Yuumi has all the utility. So, diving in and then making your way back out after you've got your kill is really easy to do with this synergy. It's going to be the early laning phase that is most difficult with this duo, but if you can reach level six unscathed, then that's where you can start cooking. At six, Trist can super aggressively pull the trigger and just dive in as soon as she notices the enemy support split from their ADC. Everything revolves around the Tristana player with this duo, so it is a little more risky than a lot of the other synergies in this video as it's really more of a solo carry synergy than a true duo synergy. With that being said, if you're an ADC main and you've got a friend who never really play support at all, but you still want to duo up bot lane and try to climb for into season, then that's where this combo will be of most value to you. And then an absolute classic combo that you can look to play if you want all the carry power in the ADC's basket is Kog'Maw with Lulu. Trist Yuumi is very similar in nature to Kog and Lulu. However, Kog'Maw and Lulu do have a lot more potential early on in lane. Kog'Maw's mid to late game is always the focal point of the champ, but his laning phase when paired with Lulu is pretty underrated, too. If you're playing into a shorter-ranged ADC like Kai'Sa or Vayne, then whenever Kog W is available, Lulu just throws her E down on Kog and he gets these super free trades where the enemy can't fight back. You really need to be able to farm efficiently as the ADC when playing this combo because it is extremely reliant on items to be effective. Kog'Maw needs his Rageblade with Blade of the Ruined King, and once you get there, the DPS potential in fights with a Lulu by his side is ludicrous. This energy is definitely a ticking time bomb, so as long as you're going even in lane, then come mid-game team fights, you're going to have great potential to out-impact the enemy bot lane in fights. All right, guys, one last thing. Our rank-up guarantee is insane. It's like signing up for the gym and getting a refund if you don't get ripped. That's how confident we are in SkillCapped. We obsess over making the best guides with top players, rigorous testing, and top-tier video editing to make your climb easy. If you're ready to level up, visit skillcapped.com and see the difference. So, that's going to wrap everything up for this one. Thank y'all so much for watching. We'll see you back soon.
