Title: Changes are COMING! (Patch 26.10 Preview)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z22D6gGbZ4c

Content:
Recent patch has brought plenty of balance changes and Riot is following it up in the upcoming patch with more adjustments. First, let's look at Shivana. After the recent patch, she became a rank one jungler with over 52.6% win rate in platinum plus. The changes that Riot implemented made her viable with a wide variety of builds. Kraken Slayer plus Dusk and Dawn is still a great item combo, but recently Trinity Force plus Spear of Shodden as first two core items is becoming more popular. And looks like Riot has also successfully revived AP Shivana because of her strong performance. There is a nerf coming that will reduce her HP gain per level by five and slightly increase W cooldown at higher ranks. One of the lesser obvious reasons why Shivana has become so strong is the addition of omnivamp boots. Champions like Shivana, Zet or Fiora have all seen a lot of success with glutonous grieavves. These boots are often outperforming the other boots by few percentage points. And that's why Riot is nerfing them as well. Instead of getting bonus 6% omnivamp with six takedowns, you will now get 0.6 omnivamp per takedown. meaning you will need 10 takedowns to fully stack the boots. On top of that, they are also 50 gold more expensive. On the other hand, two new Doran items are getting buffed. Doran's bow AD is being increased from 6 to 8 and Doran's helm HP is being increased from 110 to 130. Lichbane is also getting better AP scaling and 2% more movement speed. As for the runes, death fire is getting a nerf to its base damage. Storm Raider Surge is getting buffed. Movement speed duration is increased by a second and the movement speed amount is increased by a fifth for both melee and ranged champions. One of the other champions getting nerfed this patch is Anivvia that has base armor and armor growth reduced. Ash with Q A ratio reduced. Nafiri with nerfs to passive monster modifier and W mana. and zed that will deal less damage with E on higher ranks and also has 10% less scaling on that ability. On top of that, the passive target max HP damage is reduced early and mid game. As for the champion buffs, Ambessa Q target max HP damage is increased except for the last rank, although the bonus monster damage is reduced. Old healing from abilities is getting a hefty buff increased by 5 percentage points at all ranks, but the healing effectiveness versus monsters is reduced. Galio Q mana cost is reduced. EA AAP damage is slightly buffed at early ranks and nerfed at later ranks, but it has a better AP scaling. Now, there's a completely new thing as well. His old damage now scales with 100% bonus magic resist. Wukong W clone damage is increased by 10 at all ranks while also having its duration increased by three quarters of a second and E attack speed is also slightly buffed for him. Zer Qbased damage is increased especially at later ranks and the excess attack speed to 80 conversion is also increased. Zer alt is also getting a bug fix that will properly extend its duration by 2 and 1/2 seconds. Let me know what do you think about these changes. Tears.
