Title: 3 Minute Wukong Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2k_Afn_F24Q

Content:
Why play Wukong jungle? Well, he is a brilliant dualist. He's very mobile with two dashes. He is very naturally tanky and he's easy to pick up and do well with. However, his only lockdown is in his ultimate and he's much tankier into physical champions rather than magic. Rukong's passive is he gains bonus armor and health regen. And whenever he or his clone damages an enemy champion or monster, he gains a stack. This can be stacked up to five times, and for each stack, he gains even more bonus armor and health regen. Wukong's Q is an amazing ability. It is an auto attack reset which empowers his next attack to have a large amount of bonus range, deal bonus damage, and reduce the target's armor. This already has a short cool down, and every time he or his clone attacks an enemy, it's reduced by.5 seconds. Wukong's W causes him to become invisible and dash in a direction, leaving behind a clone. The clone will attack enemies nearby, dealing reduced damage, and it will also copy the effects of his Q ultimate, and gains the bonus movement speed from his E. Wukong's E is a point-and-click ability, which dashes him to that target, dealing damage to them and up to two other enemies nearby. Upon arrival, Wukong gains a large amount of bonus attack speed for 5 seconds. Wukong's ultimate causes him to become ghosted, gain bonus movement speed, and start spinning in a circle. Enemies within the circle take constant damage over time and are briefly knocked up. He can then cast this ability again in the next 8 seconds. For combos, your go-to is to E into W, then attack into Q, so both you and your clone are attacking. From here, simply attack away. And your all-in engage is to E to a target, then W to the backline. Attack into Q before using ultimate, then attacking away, using your recast ultimate as needed. For matchups, Wukong does great into AD junglers with his amazing passive, just making him very tanky. However, he can struggle against AP junglers that can easily lock him down and reduce his mobility. For runes, take this. Conqueror is just incredibly strong. For build order, start blue monster and pot into a triforce and tier 2 boots. From here, a sununded sky and black cleaver are amazing pickups before finishing a build with any of these as needed. For skill order, start E, then Q, then W before maxing Q, then E, then W, taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and smite. Starting the game, you have a few different options. The safest is always to do a full jungle clear just to make sure you have the maximum gold and experience you can. This also puts you in a great position to fight for scuttle crab if needed. And Wukong is very happy to take these early fights, especially if you're against an AD champion. Honestly, you're just too tanky for them. And in extended fights, getting multiple uses of Q is just amazing value. Otherwise, you can do a half clear into a gank. As always, when ganking, consider the three main points of where is the lane push to, what CC does your team bring, and what escapes do the enemy have. You don't bring any CC yourself. However, with two dashes, you're very good at chasing any dashes or flashes away. So, especially in longer lanes when you have more time to chase down the opponent, Wukong can be incredibly strong. Entering the mid game, the Triforce Power Spike is incredible, and he only gets stronger at two and three items. So, keep up aggressive wards and look for 2v2 or 3v3 skirmishes where you excel. Entering late game team fights, play as your teams engage. Eing onto their front line, then Winging onto their backline is incredibly difficult to stop. And your ultimate is great CC, damage, and with black cleaver shreds their armor. And from here, just keep getting damage on their backline. And that's how to play Wukong Jungle. If this video helped you, leave a like and comment below who you want to see next.
