Title: NEW BROKEN EKKO BUILD: SKYM'S SHOTGUN EKKO GUIDE
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kxP2vLABOI

Content:
All right, guys. So, they nerfed Duskblade on again. We have less AP, we have less attack speed, we have less health. So, they're nerfing us even further. I think with the new changes, with the new season changes, there is a really really OP build. I will run this down right now. I will present it. So, I feel like Echo has kind of lost his damage, his his one-shot potential since the new season, especially when they introduced Duskblade on. It just feels like people have to build Duskblade on or they just cannot play the game. So, I think it's actually really really good change. I think Duskblade on being nerfed again is very good for Echo. I think it brings back build versatility. I think there's many many ways to build Echo in certain situations. So, let's get into it. So, what is shotgun Echo? Well, basically, I call it shotgun Echo because you fire quick shots at the enemy. You deal a large amount of damage in a very short amount of time, and then you back off. You basically one-tap the enemy. If you don't, [music] you still can reload fast enough. You still have ammunition. You can always reload very quickly because shotguns, you can reload quickly. If you've ever played Counter-Strike. So, what I mean by reloading quickly, with reloading quickly, I mean you have a lot of sustain, and you have a lot of mana. So, after you one-tap, you wait for your next combo, and then you one-tap again. You go in again, you trade again, and it deals a lot of damage. So, it is played with Hextech Gunblade. This is both for mid lane and jungle. This is shotgun Echo. So, so the core items for shotgun Echo are Gunblade and Luden's. You might ask, "Why now?" Because it's very uncommon, especially with Luden's. Like, why do we build Luden's? So, I'll analyze this quickly. So, first item is going to be Gunblade. Gunblade has the best first power spike, and on will try this out because people might ask, "What about Duskblade on? What about Lich Bane, especially for mid lane? And maybe more niche, what about Luden's? This is too old. This doesn't work. This is not for shotgun Echo, right?" Nashor's Tooth is not for shotgun Echo, but we can include that. Sure. Sure. Sure. So, people might ask, "Why not one of these items? Maybe Duskblade on, which has been the the normal item. Why not Lich Bane, which gives the most burst, as we know. Why not Luden's? It's more niche. Why not Nashor's? Also a bit more niche, but those are the first item viable options. And I'll show right now, I'll go into practice tool and show. Let's go for level nine. For first item, I like to go for level nine. Add some gold first. Let's try gunblade, which I claim is obviously the best. Let's apply the logic. The new Halo of Blades. The new Halo of Blades gives less attack speed from 160 to 120. However, it scales with your damage. You deal extra true damage based on your AP and AD. Obviously, gunblade gives both. Let's try it out. That's just with Halo of Blades. That is without the active. And now let's try it with the active. Just three auto attacks. This is one of the one of the advantages is that you have the active, especially relatively early you want it. To me, it kind of serves as a rocket belt Hextech rocket belt substitute, because it is not quite a dash, right? But it slows the enemy and it it slows them by 25% for 1.5 seconds, which gives you a lot more possibility to catch up and to to chase people down, right? Because if you E, like if you E and now I'm in range for gunblade, right? Like th- th- this is how far I was. I can stand here and I can just E like from here on I can slow the enemy. I can just E and gunblade, and then they're slowed, right? And that's just very very good. I I can I can have so much follow-up and then and I think I think the slow is just very good here. Like th- this is the first advantage, right? This is the first reason it's the best power spike, because you get to easily chase people down. So, let's try the combo again. Yeah. Again. So, this is the damage and collectively it just has the best power spike, because even without the active, which you have every 60 seconds, you deal a lot of damage, because your Halo Blades, as we said, scales with with AP and AD. And this gives you both. And you have to consider Gunblade was already played before, before this Halo Blades change, before it scaled with AP and AD. And it was already relatively strong. Yeah, so Duskblade is the first best comparison. Let's try this out. Obviously Duskblade and burst damage makes no sense anymore because it gives little AP and you don't really get AD off it because you could argue Gunblade only gives 80 AP, but it's still a lot more AP than Duskblade, but it also gives you 40 AD and it's still cheaper than Duskblade, which is kind of crazy to think about. So obviously Duskblade and Halo Blades doesn't have the greatest synergy cuz you get your passive off anyway, but let's try out the combo. Even if we make one more auto attack, like this this is with an extra auto attack, right? >> [music] >> 1054 D and D. All right, next let's try out Lich Bane. This is what a lot of people think is good. There we go. 1248 is Lich. So while it deals 100 more damage than Gunblade without the active, obviously it has no chance against the active, but that's the whole point. >> [music] >> The active is the point for Gunblade that you do get as much damage as possible off in a minimal amount of time. That is obviously the the logic behind it. While it deals 100 more damage, we have to consider some different things. We have to consider that Gunblade gives you omnivamp, too. And that is also a huge part of it because when you're low, you do want to you you don't just want to reset all the time. I believe omnivamp is very underrated. Let's take some damage and try. I I I took a lot of damage there, but I let's let's try this out. I mean, look at the healing. It's quite good. It's relatively good. Look. I'm actually getting a lot of HP back. So this and the fact that with the active you deal a lot more damage makes this better than Lich Bane because look, I'm already full life. And you have to consider I'm obviously not hitting a target, but what if I just hit a wave? What if What if I Let's actually let's let's spawn a wave and I will take some damage and then we'll see. I'll let's assume I'm low and you don't have jungle camps to heal back on up on, but this also goes for jungle camps. I got quite a few like quite a lot of HP back like I I I do I do like this. This is not bad. And then let's let's try try camp. Because jungle monsters here already look Look how much I'm healing. Look how much I'm healing, look. So, I definitely think the omnivamp also the extra damage is just worth it. I think Lich is the only item that comes close, but you have to consider with without Lich I mean with Lich while you deal more damage if you don't have Hextech active. First of all, the omnivamp is also what matters. I'm not healing from these, look. Like I can I can just do my combo and I I I will not heal. Like look. I would have already been full life with this if I'd gone blade. So, that is very very important as well. Also, obviously with Halo blades you attack faster, so you heal faster. Now, obviously same thing goes for the niche items that we want to compare real quick. Luden's. Luden's with the proc, as I know, deals more damage than Lich Bane and with the proc obviously deals more than than than Gunblade, but same logic applies. You might have the mana, but you don't have the omnivamp. The omnivamp is the important part and the active because no item comes close to Gunblade with the active, right? It's 200 more damage than Luden's even. Last comparison will be Nashor's. Nashor's obviously very good for jungle, but for this specific build we don't want to go for Nashor's. 1108. Nashor's with the same amount of auto attacks. This is why Gunblade is the strongest first item. All right. So, now we can exclude these items. Let's remove them. And now we have a second item. What do we want to build second? The build goes Luden's. You You might ask yourself, why not Lich Bane? You might also ask yourself, why not Rocketbelt? Very niche. You might also ask yourself, why not Shadowflame? Because that is a very common second item. Yeah, we can also say, why not why not Duskblade? These are the possible variations, right? I say Luden's is the best item out of these. Let's go for level 12 for the second item. So, let's let's have a look at the damage. Let's have a look at the burst damage we we get. So, for the first item for the first item I didn't add any resistances. I will add some now because now it's actually needed. Because we're we're also trying items with different passives like Shadowflame. And we want to see if we get the passive off. I think a reasonable amount of health is 1.7 thousand is is fine. And then we obviously add resistances. And I think I think 60 is is realistic. So, let's let's do this combo. 1,270 is Hextech Luden's. Let's try that without without the active. 1,090. We have this amount of damage. Then the second advantage is you get 600 mana. 600 mana is very much. 600 mana is a lot. After considering jungle, you barely run out. But sometimes you have low mana, so getting that extra amount of mana does keep you in the jungle for a long long time. I think this is very underrated because obviously, as I said before, this build is about sustain. You get omnivamp and you get mana. So, you're basically never going to have to recall. Only to shop. But once you have these two items, you can stay on the map for a long long time. And if you know me, I like to stay on the map forever. I always reset at 3 to 4,000 gold and I will stay on the map until then to to just apply pressure. Midlane, you obviously don't have the mana regen from camps. So, mana is very valuable. Then another advantage is with the active, it gives you good burst. It gives you a nice burst damage as well as wave clear. Let's see. This gives a lot of wave. Look. This is also an advantage, the wave clear. So, the third reason is that you you 100 AP, which is a lot, which you do want. You do want more AP because not only do you clear waves with the burst of Luden's, you also just need AP for your Q, right? That is also huge reason that you need AP because if you don't have enough AP, you will not be able to one-shot these waves later on. And you do you do need a certain amount of AP to one-shot the waves. So, not only do you get the proc, you also get the extra AP, which not a lot of items have, right? The items we will compare it to are Rocketbelt, which only gives 70 AP, Lich Bane, only 100, Duskblade of Draktharr, only 60, and then Shadowflame, which just give 110. So, Shadowflame does have that, and Lich Bane does as well. The This is where we get into the fourth reason is that it is much cheaper. This item costs 2,750 gold. That is 150 less than the next cheapest possible item that we want for this build, which is Lich Bane, right? But it gives the same amount of AP, it gives the same amount of ability haste as Lich Bane, and it gives 600 more mana, and as a trade-off, you lose 4% movement speed. But you get 600 mana more, which you do need on Ekko, which is also the point of this build. Obviously, compared to Shadowflame because I'm comparing it to these two items because only these two get close damage-wise as a second item. Shadowflame is a lot more expensive, as we can see. It's 450 gold more expensive. If you can get the spike, Luden's, secured relatively early, and then just keep on one-shotting waves with the active, it is pretty good. So, let's try out the other items. Let Let's sum it up again. Luden's gives mana, Luden's gives a lot of AP, Luden's gives you the active for clearing waves, meaning waves as well as clearing jungle. Luden's is a lot cheaper than all the other options. Let's move on to trying out the other items. Next, we'll try Lich Bane. 1,256. Next to Lich. And as we can see, this deals less damage. This just literally deals less damage, and people don't know that, right? People don't really think about Luden's dealing more damage than Lich because Lich was always the item for Echo, right? 1,076 without the active. So, still less damage. So, they're like, "Wait, Luden's deals more damage." People didn't actually know that. I don't think people knew that. And now you might ask yourself, "Okay, Skim, why wouldn't I build Lich anyway? Because the passive colon of Luden's is 12 seconds, the Echo, but the Lich Bane passive is 1.5 seconds." And I do have an answer for you here. So, first of all, obviously, Hail of Blades has a 10-second cooldown, which means you only want to be taking these aggressive trades every 10 seconds anyway. This is how you play Echo. On jungle, this is very easy. You will not be trading every 10 seconds anyway. So, every time you do want to trade and gank, your Luden's is going to be up, right? But for mid lane, you also don't want to trade all the time. For mid lane For mid lane Echo players, you know, every time you go in, you want to have your Hail of Blades, right? So, waiting Waiting out two extra seconds when your Hail of Blades is down is always going to be possible. It's pretty much always going to be possible. Because Hail of Blades is 10 seconds anyway. Luden's is 12 seconds. You will have time to wait two more seconds because you have to consider Hail of Blades is 10 seconds. So, we can remove these 10 seconds from the cooldown, which means this cooldown is two seconds. And then obviously, this is 1.5 seconds. So, it's It's just very minimal. Let's try this. Let's try the the double Hextech combo. Yep, 1186 and then another hit is one plus one hit. And the extra hit doesn't really count. Rocket Belt, you just don't deal as much damage. It It doesn't scale as as well as you want to with your Hail of Blades. It doesn't amplify your damage. You You don't get mana. You do get 20 ability haste, which is good, but you also get 10 ability haste with Luden's. So, Rocket Belt is not as worth it. It's only good when enemies are very mobile, but for the mobility as we said, we have the Gunblade. We have the slow. Because as I said, you can be very far back and then still proc this, right? From a very far range away. You can stand here as we saw, dash over here, and then use this. And then they're slowed when they run away. So, you will be able to catch up a lot more. And you don't really need that catching up anymore. Then, what's next? Duskblade, obviously. Doesn't deal as much damage. 1147, Hextech D&D. Not as worth it. Again, you don't need the Hail of Blades with the Duskblade. And same reasons with Rocketbelt, you get ability haste anyway from Luden's. And you already for for Duskblade, you do get healing now, but you already have healing from Gunblade, direct healing, omnivamp. Let's try Duskblade again without the Hextech passive, without the Gunblade passive. It's very low. It's 975 without the passive. We don't need this. So, as I said, Shadowflame is the most interesting one because if we get the passive off, this deals more damage, right? On paper. Let's let's try it out. But, this is obviously a realistic target dummy, which has 60 armor, 60 magic resist. You have to consider we have Gunblade, so we we scale with both. The Hail of Blades scales with both. So, let's let's try it out. 1286, Hextech Shadowflame with the active. Let's try it out without the active. This is actually very surprising to me because I thought Shadowflame was better. I thought Shadowflame dealt more damage, but you have to consider this is a realistic target. Maybe when you have a squishy support or an ADC that's low, if they are like if you gank them and they're low, you have to consider the passive procs. However, these are realistic targets for at least three enemies with 60 magic resist and 60 armor. Let's let's assume you have a tank in the enemy team or two tanks. Then this becomes even worse. You will you will get it off less likely. The the only argument I understand is if we go for a third item, if we go for third item, Rabadon's, for example, then I might be able to get the passive off, right? But, at that point, you've already wasted your slot for for Shadowflame for for for this much. You are relying on getting the passive off, right? Because if you do, let's say you get the passive off. This also has 60 magic resist, but less health. Obviously, we deal more damage then, right? But, you are relying on getting the passive off for a trade that is not always going to be secured, right? You're not always going to get the passive off. But, the question for here is, so do you really want to take the gamble of getting the passive off? That makes no sense to me, so I'm going for Luden's. 450 gold faster. All right, guys, again, now we have figured out that Luden's is the best second item. Now, the rest of the items are going to be simpler and quicker. It's just going to be very simple. So, obviously the the best thing you want is Rabadon's. This is the best third item. You don't want to be building Shadowflame third. It deals less damage than Rabadon's because once you have these, Rabadon's just amplifies them much better and gives you more than Shadowflame ever could give you, right? So, Rabadon's is it, unless you need one of these four, which is one of the defensive ones, Banshee's, Zhonya's, Cryptbloom, or Void Staff. Unless you need one of these, because these are always needed sometimes, then you go for Rabadon's. You do them fourth, right? So, if you don't need any of these third, you go for them fourth item, right? So, Banshee's obviously very, very OP. Just blocks spells, gives you a lot of AP as well. Then, Zhonya's, if they have someone fed, so some fed assassin can also block it. For example, again against someone like Syndra, against someone like Zed, both of them work. I mean, obviously Zhonya's can block everything. Banshee's is more for when you want to find good engage angles and don't want to be blocked by a random skill shot, then Banshee's is better. If they have a lot of magic resist, then either of these is good. For those of you who watch my videos, you know Cryptbloom is my favorite. It's much better. To quickly explain, Cryptbloom just does more. Cryptbloom gives you the ability haste, 20 ability haste, and the healing once you get a takedown. Once I get you 20 more AP and 10% more magic pen. But, as I tested before, the amount of times you get your abilities back from Cryptbloom is much more valuable than the direct damage that Void Staff gives you. And then, last item, well, let's say you have one defensive item and you don't need the magic pen. You have a slot left, right? And that is when you go for Static Shiv. Static Shiv just elevates your wave clear, your burst, and gives you AD, it gives you AP, it gives you attack speed and move speed. So, it just elevates Echo. It just It just elevates you. That That's That's it. Obviously, for boots, we have different options. Obviously, the main thing you want here usually is Sorcerer's Shoes. They give you magic pen, they give you normal movement speed, and you just burst people with this. Then, you have the defensive options, the normal ones, which are Armor Boots if they have a lot of AD. I go for Mercs if they have a lot of CC. Let me run through the runes first. The The main runes and the main build are the same for both. We go for domination first. Let's call it shotgun Echo. The main rune is Hail of Blades, it's very, very important. Then, we go Sudden Impact cuz obviously it's the strongest out of the three. You need the Sudden Impact damage much more for trading. Then, out of these three, I think this is preference, but the most common ones are Six Sense and Grizzly Mementos. Personally, I I prefer Grizzly Mementos cuz it just gives trinket haste. And then, we go for Treasure Hunter. Obviously, gives us more gold. Relentless has some angles, I think. I I think this can be built because you're even stronger then, right? You can You can You can use that extra movement speed to roam [music] faster. But I I believe the gold is more worth it. You want to get to your items first. You want to get to your items quicker. And this is the main rune page for mid and jungle. I believe mid lane wants to go Sorcery. This is very common because you Echo's not as strong of a laner, so you do want a bit of trading power. So, what a lot of people do is Absolute Focus. While above 70% health, you gain extra AP. So, more trade damage. Three AP at level one is That's kind of a lot, and it only goes up. And then, you go Scorch because the the game is kind of early game dominated. You don't really want to go Gathering Storm, and you don't really need Water Walking. I don't I don't think you can go for others because you don't really need Manaflow Band. 250 bonus mana, yeah. You don't need the Manaflow Band because of the build, because we get mana in the build. So, the extra damage that we get from here is is better. This is the best trading build. Then, what we're going for adaptive force. Movement speed is valuable, to be honest. This It's worth a consideration, but no, you want to go double adaptive. And then, if you have an easy match-up, you can go for scaling health. If you have a harder match-up, which is very common for Echo, just go for flat health. So, I would say this is the build. This is the runes for mid lane shotgun Echo. Let's let's go for jungle. Jungle has much more creativity. I think the best trees are inspiration and precision. So, obviously the standard one is inspiration. A lot of people go for that. Yeah, this is this is very up to preference. The very standard one is boots and cosmic insight because you get free boots and 300 extra gold and summoner spell haste and item haste, which isn't bad because you do have active items, right? This is the standard one. You can also You can also experiment if you like to. You can go for cashback because that is more worth it after some time after two items. But, obviously free boots is is nice. You don't have to spend 300 gold. A lot of people like to do triple tonic, too. Despite the cashback and triple tonic nerfs, they are still very viable. So, these four are an option. Then, what I personally like, I think it's very underrated, is jack of all trades. So, for each different stat gained from items, gain one jack stack. Each stack gives you one ability haste. If you have five or 10 stacks, you get extra adaptive force, which gives you an kind of kind of an early game power spike for jungle. I don't think this is good for mid lane. I think I think if anything jungle. So, some people want this, as I said, and I think one of these two is very very OP because 10 item haste summoner spell haste is pretty good. You can go for that. I think jack of all trades here is best because we have different item variety. We we get a lot of different stats from our items. In this case, I cannot buy boots, right? Because I have the rune. Let's assume you get about three takedowns by 10 minutes, you get about three takedowns. Well, which is very realistic, right? Three takedowns, which is one kill and two assists, for example. So, by 9 minutes 45, if you have three takedowns only, you should get the boots. And that counts as another stat. So, let's let's let's try it again. Gunblade is the first item, right? AP is one stat. AD is the next stat. Lifesteal is the third stat. And then from this item, you don't really get any more stats because Omnivamp counts the same as lifesteal. So, that's three. Then, your second item is obviously Luden's, which means >> [music] >> you might as well just go for the ability haste or for the mana. For mid lane, you might want the mana more, so you go for it. And that's four stats. If you get these, you have five stacks, as I said, which means 10 adaptive force, which is kind of a lot, or you just get the takedowns. Let's let's fast forward. And now we have the boots. Now we Well, we have five stacks, right? Which means 10 extra adaptive force. That That's actually very huge. So, this this is this is very good in jungle for this build. By the time you have the boots, you will not have five stacks anyway, which means the boots just give you that extra stat, which gives you 10 more adaptive force. It's kind of big, I have to say, because it's it's 10 permanent adaptive force. I think it's either one of these three again, and Cosmic Insight or Jack of All Trades. This is just up to preference and up to play style because item haste is good cuz you have Gunblade, so the cool down of it is going to be reduced. We'll try it on a on a dummy. That's 55 seconds. So, you get 5 seconds off. 5 seconds cool down off is quite good. So, you're going to have to decide between 10 permanent adaptive force or 5 seconds. I think the adaptive force is better. I would go for Jack of All Trades in this case, but just for you to see, this gives you 5 seconds off of the 60-second cool down again, 55.something, about 5 seconds cool down. [music] I think Jack of All Trades in that case is worth more. One more thing, this is very niche, is if you don't like Inspiration, I think Inspiration is best here, but you can also go for Precision. We don't go for the lower ones. We always go for Triumph because it gives missing health, 20 extra gold, and if you have a lot of takedowns, it it really pays off. If you have 20 takedowns, you do have 400 gold extra. 20 takedowns is very reachable within a game. And also the amount of missing health that you get back after a kill can be worth it, too. Second, you go for alacrity or haste. Haste is usually a little bit better, but you might want to go for alacrity because this build doesn't have as much attack speed. But, this is up to preference. I think the haste is a bit better because you do like attack speed, but you also lack ability haste in this build. So, haste will be better if you opt for this. But, as I said, inspiration just wins. And then obviously you want to go adaptive force, adaptive force, and scaling health is best for jungle. That's it. That is the runes. I'm kind of weaker. I think it changed something. Oh, I have a pink in my jungle. Thank you, Yumi. There we go. See Udyr, he's pathing the other way. Could I could honestly kill him, but I just want a standard game. I don't want to invade now. It's too pushed in to gank. Wait, he's staying? No. Wait, really? My Batman. What? My mid lane died? No way. I'm heavily surprised. You ward it now. Do not trade right now. Not the best idea, guys. Hello? What are you doing? Hello? I got to give him a ward after. He's going to die for it. Ooh, he lives. I won't reach. Back to farming, I guess. I guess I can see it. Yeah, I don't think I don't think T I don't think Faker is all that in 2026, bro. His TF is amazing, but 2026, I don't know, bro. I'll try top here. What it should be the wolves. Oh, my timing is actually perfect. There we go. I do want my Gromp before I look at mid lane, but I will pressure a little bit for him. Crazy how she's not scared at all. We have a nice combo though, Zilean Echo. I don't really Yeah, they always pick these champs and then people who are scared against them. It's not gankable, to be honest. What are you actually doing? What's the point of that? What do you want? One Q is all it takes falling in love with me. Why are they so lucky? I had no plan. Oh, [ __ ] you. I'll reset quick. I have my gunblades. What's top? No complaining. I'll keep on going. I have crab block and we'll go for void crabs. With my strong top side. And the timing is good. Very nice. She's too mobile for me to risk it. I'd rather take the safe crabs. He can't really take my bot side and I have a lot to take top side. I have blue, I have crab. This is gankable though. No flash. I was going to reset anyway, so let's rush to bot lane. That's not bad. That's not bad, Nilah. GG. Stop. Surprise, Gragas. I'm coming back. Surprise. I'm back. You got no reach. I have my item after this after resetting on bot side. All right. Oh my god. Nice champ. Mhm, I will go for Dark Seal first for the extra health and for the sustain because I'm going to have refillable up for longer. All right, I did not want to face Akali, but so I just want to be taking good trades. Why is Viego Why is Viego here, honestly? Come on, why am I already getting ganked? Like, what are you doing, for real? I wish I could use Q again. I want to go E going for a trading. Uh I I'll I'll just go queue. I'll receive a level two in a second. Did you really just lose? Mhm, could have killed her. I will avoid because Viego was here. That was unlucky. I could have killed her. I do have a crybaby jungler though, of course, cuz why wouldn't I? It's a boring lane. It's very boring. Obviously, I'm ganked. Can kill him, man. I can kill him. Man, why are they so lucky? I'll take that. It's very worth for the fact that I got ganked. I will take that. All right. Double amp tome and the wave is very good for me, so I like it. My jungler is level two at three minutes. I'll try to keep the wave as much as I can. Oh, I messed that up. My bad. Honestly, she has blue buff. We love to see it. I'll just take a tempo reset. I'm still well ahead of Akali. I would have preferred a better match up, to be honest, for this video, but obviously, I get to play against Akali. >> I will keep the wave here. I'm six rows away soon. It feels very unusual with the new Halo plates, but What is Viego doing, honestly? Good job. Good ping by him. I I wasn't aware. Can maybe kill him. I mean, nice champ, I guess. I'll just leave. Okay. That was a solo kill as well. Why is everyone on me? I would have liked to get the wave, honestly, but it's okay. All right, let's do we go. Whatever. I I will I will get gunblade. I wouldn't have gotten gunblade anyway, so I will get it after next back. So, this wave didn't matter as much, and we got a CP. It's very good. Again, Viego here. I will not go trade right now. I cannot trade. I I don't know Viego's here. I need to wait with my like with trading with for my olds. I'll go to my to my jungle side. I really like double buff. It's very satisfying. I don't W this push because I know I will win. I don't know Viego is. It's a very annoying match up. I will look to push in this wave and then reset. Okay. Nice one. Very very nice one. And now Luden's next. All right, there we go. What is Viego doing? He thinks in back, so he's going to go for this, but I will I will I will defend this. With my life, I will defend this. Where is he? Got the slow and he's dead. We should wait. Very very nice. Very very nice. Nice team play. All right. All right. All right. All right. Pushing get some plates. I don't have to base yet. I don't have significant amount of money, so I will just use the void cup we had. >> I'm dead. I live. Oh my god, the the It's amazing. Oh my god, it's so amazing, man. The omnivamp is so good. This build is so good already, man. The omnivamp is amazing that you get. Wow, I'm very impressed. I'm genuinely impressed. Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. Lovely, lovely, lovely. Wow. We'll just get prior and then we can start moving. Maybe we can take the raptors. I will kite them. I got them. Uh I kind of wasted my rocket belt there, my gunblade, I mean. I'll keep the pressure up, though. It's better for me. She ulted. Uh she's out because I I mean, I will kill her if she stays. Yeah, she can't do much. Veigar's dead. And I will open up the map. There we go. Now we have the core build. Now where we're going to go for Rabadon's. I I have this crazy, crazy wave clear. Let's check it out. Let's check out the the power of shotgun echo wave clear. Wave's gone, right? I can freely roam now, as I should. Kali's there. Either I push or I roam, but I think I roam here cuz that's two free kills. What? Why are you flashing there? I don't think I kill. I think I go back. Cuz she thinks she has prior, no she doesn't. I mean the wave is just cleared. Well, what can you do? This just allows Echo to do what Echo wants to do, because Echo is a push and roam champion. I mean I will I will kill him there. Come on, stop running away, man. Stop running away. I just wanted to showcase it, man. Just let me just allow it. Just allow it, man. Stop running. Just wanted you to get the abilities out. There we go. All right, now we can see what I don't even need my Luden's proc, right? Because I have enough AP, as I said. I'll I'll go and take the the blue buff in the meantime. Actually, I take the wave first and then the blue buff. Oh, that's free kills. That's such free kills. I didn't see. And also, if you don't get the passive off on Shadowflame, then it's not super worth it. It's just so boring, man, with the way they're running away. Man, I I'll reset, get boots. Oh, mommy didn't see. She can heal me. That's fine. I will cut this out of the video. It happens, man. It happens. I mean, isn't it so satisfying? Just so satisfying. You guys should start grouping. Yeah, I should to win. Yeah. I mean, I kind of This new Halo Blades change is really weird. Like, it feels it feels a little bit weird. That's why I'm unused to I'm not used to the combos, right? I mean, I look very funny how he flashed out after being so confident. Now, with Luden's also just gives you a lot also for jungle. I think Shadow Flame is arguable, okay? Let's fight. Not like this, but Okay, it looks like an ARAM. I mean, there's nothing they can really do to us. She's an annoying champion. All of them, honestly. All of them. Like, polymorph dash W, this is too much. This is too [music] much. Too much. But, as you can see, this build, even with very annoying champions, works. And he's dead. I am just CC'd all the time. It's not playable. In this game, for example, they are not tanky enough. So, I think Banshee's will just be best. With the barrier, and I'm very, very much protected. And yeah, this build is just very, very strong. I'm I'm glad I got to showcase the three core items.
