Title: RIOT JUST BUFFED AMBESSA JUNGLE BACK TO POWER
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruKcQsMeHBA

Content:
All right, time for Ambessa. Riot gave Ambessa quite a nice amount of buffs again this patch. Like damage wise is looking quite good. Uh they nerfed her old like a bit ago and that was a very hard nerf, but the buffs that she got back are actually pretty nice. So she's in like an okay spot again right now. Going to play some Ambessa here against Trundle, which is an awful matchup for me. That champ is something I'm just looking to not fight at all. So, we're going to chill on that for sure. Let's full clear our camps. >> Why did my skill delay there? Interesting. >> Trundle probably clears for bot lane here, I would imagine. Neither of us have really good ganks, though. Definitely. We'll see how that turns out. Farming consistency will be a big one. I will be able to beat the Trundle like late game fights, but I'm going to have to like early game be kind of careful about it. Beautiful. Drag the Q over. Make sure to land the sweet spots of your queue to do bonus damage as well. So like here, we could just tap, hit that sweet spot, and then hit this sweet spot as well. Use the mobility towards the next camp. Finish it off. Take all my skills. Pop the pot. Keep going. stack them together. Not I'm not putting in movement commands for like the other ones so I just have my hits faster >> cuz if you don't have movement command between everything you're going to lose a hit on the E. You would need it for bonus damage though. He needs the movement commands. That doesn't need the movement commands. Save yourself the dashes. Reposition the red buff. The fact that my Lein died against Smolder top is very very scary. Like if you start losing lane early against a champion like the late game is going to be a problem. >> We'll see how that turns out. Trying to transition gank mid. So he's going to delay himself quite a bit. I might be able to make a play because of that on bot lane. >> I am very afraid to contest bolt scuttle against the Trundle here though. There's the Jenna. There's the Trundle. Yep. >> You skipped the scams to be able to just go there. And I can't really do anything. Trundle is going to be here. I'm going to have to play like catch up on this position. We're going to use some skills to get some mobility. I I'm going to go take his blue buff. Screw it. >> I am not going for top skull. I know he doesn't have blue buff, so we're going to just take his blue instead. Unless this is water, that would be very sad. But he's definitely going. Wait, did he just take top scuttle from him? He did. Okay, he just hit the plant, too. Maybe I can gank mid still. I think I just recall here. My camps are spawning again. Nothing too interesting. That's okay. I have no >> Cool. Back to my camps I go. No stress. Just got to stay as consistent as possible on these camp clears. He got both scuttles, but I took his blue buff. Like I saw him run up without doing his blue buff. So whatever, you know, trade that for the scuttle instead. He's just a guy I have to respect. He even lost top scuttle, too. So he lost his blue and top scuttle and he's actually kind of down bad for that one. Just keep consistent on my camps. Nothing else matters for now. You got to not stress it on this champ. Ambassa skills like an absolute gold. So even if my early game is a bit interesting or I don't get any ganks off, if the enemy jungler also doesn't get it, like Trundle is going to fall off compared to me. I do not mind. I really do not mind. Keep maxing Q. Too far. Slip through my fingers like sand. I will not lose the Trundle instantly. The wave is pushing back to you, bro. You are more than fine. >> This guy is probably looking for dragon right now. I'm just going to clear the rest of my camps for a bit and see if I may be able to gank bot lane. I am still not looking to fight a tunnel in this early game state. I'm still significantly weaker than Trundle in a 1 v one. So I do not want to go there right now. Moving bots. I'm going to move around. I think that's the most optimal way to go here. Should be able to cut both of them off. >> Walk up. >> Q auto attack. Q dead. Good. Use my mobility to get closer to him faster. Thank you. Flash for kills 100% worth it every single day of the week. You might be like that is a colossal waste of your flesh, but I would much rather take the kill than give it to my laners. I'm going be completely honest with you. That is absolutely worth it to me every single day of the week. Cool. Let's clear my camps again. Everything is spawning. got a very good recall there. >> He's going to go for his top side. I think his uh I do want to finish my blue buff, but he's going to go for his red buff in a second here. Move up. >> My le's playing very aggro. Unlucky. I am not even going to check his red buff at this point. And I'm just going to clear the raptors and leave it at that. His just massively in it. Unfortunate. I might be able to check his red buff. Actually, I I'll just be safe about it. Let's walk like this. Patience. He just queued his thing as well there. So, I should be good here. Very good kill. I made him basically waste all of his cool downs on the red buff, then smite the red buff, and then engage the fight against him. So ultimately, patience pays off in that position. I'm going to cut this guy off here. This should be a free pick up. He already killed him. No problem. Works for me. Back to the count. There we go. The trick there was waiting for like Q and everything. Get the red, pick it up. Don't let him have all his cool downs when he initially engages me and we're good. Keep moving. >> There's a small chance he insta invades me here on bolts, but I >> I don't think so. I should be fine to basically just clear my camps. I just need to make sure I stay consistent on my own camp clear no matter what and I'll be fine. I don't care about the void cops at all to be honest. Like >> my top laner is significantly more useless than their top laner right now. He already has him. Yeah, exactly. It's just not a potential for me to play for it. I'm not I don't want to do that right now. Yeah, no problem, buddy. I will. I will. I will. Don't worry about it. Void eye just just not worth it. Like I can full clear my camps and get a lot more value out of it. And I would do not want to really want to take a topside fight right there. >> Like I still have to respect Trundle to a certain degree. I I just do because that champion with level six, he's just really strong. >> They should have that guy. Yeah, they do. To those who underestimate me, >> I think I can invade here. I know his blue is going to be up. Basically, I have mid prow and bolt pry. Realistically, I have teammates, but I would need them to move, which I'm very scared about right now. Side step this guy. Beg and pray that my teammates move, but it's like taking very long. Oh my god, that's scary. Okay, note the future self. Your team is not going to move. Just don't do it. It's fine. It's I had double massive pryo and they just moved that it didn't move basically. So I I will respect it in the future. Okay, it's all good. My bad. My bad. Go for top scuttle here. Maybe dragon's going to run like 45 seconds though. I would like to not give him dragon to be fair. >> This world is unforgiving. That's not in range unfortunately. Room move though. I cannot go into the Trundle here. Like if I ulty or try to ulti there and Trundle is there, I'm just dead. It's not worth it. >> It is not worth dying right there. My camps are going to be up. I really don't want to give him dragon. I should have the pryo to just do the dragon in this position realistically cuz their team is going to have to back off. If we do this on spawn, we should have no problems. I am leaving some camps up, but I do not want to keep continue giving them dragons for no reason. So, I'll delay my camps just a little bit for this. It is worth it. Perfect. Ambessa ult nerf came in clutch there for the Azreel. He flashed it. It's okay. That That's exactly besta nerf. My delay is longer so I didn't get the hit right away. Might have to stand here and wait for a second. Now he backs off. >> Let's clear my camps. It's all good. He's going to go for my raptors, it looks like, but that's fine. I'll just give my raptor camp to him. >> Let's take my reset. I do not mind giving raptors to him there. There's nothing I can do to contest because the Jenna is next to him. So, I'm just going to have to like, you know, full respect just give it away. No stress. Take the pickaxe. Go for my top side camps. Top scuttle should also be up. So, I can just basically go like here. And I also see his red is spawning. So, I could maybe go for this as well. I'm going to go prioritize invading his red buff above anything else. As long as my bot lane doesn't like troll here, they should not be able to get turret dove. Don't walk up, please. I really need them to like not die right now. I can punish the TR really hard here, but just taking his topside stuff. As long as they don't die, like it doesn't cost anything at that stage. >> Take his red. >> Perfect. Hit my smite upgrades. >> Go over with a dive on the wave. Flip champions only. Dash away. Good. >> Very nice. I was just patient. Just wait for the wave to come in there. C it into the turrets. We can dive it so I can clear the camp before that. And I just clear my top side camps, including this scuttle crap. I might actually just be able to gank mid here. If she lands the stun, this is good. If she doesn't land the stun, it is what it is. No, I'm not going to do this. I can't ult directly anymore because my ult has a delay. So, I would need her stun to like basically guarantee me the ulti hit. And if she doesn't get it off, that's fine. But I'm going to not go in. >> Clear my camps again. Okay, TR was bought. Double camped them a little bit. Keep going. >> All of my bolts set camps are going to spawn again. So, I could just full clear this right now. The only thing I'm really concerned with on the map right now is just dragons. That's it. The rest doesn't really matter. The rest is just my camps. 40 CS up on Trundle right now. He's getting absolutely obliterated in tempo here. >> I'm not really going to be able to gank mid because there was a ward here. So, she fully knows I'm there. I should just clear the rest of my camps right now and just have like level 11 off that very good amount of gold to spend as well. I might be able to just go for the bot lane play. I just plant here and just get here. Ash ulti is going to be 12 seconds. Okay, this is fine. This is a free double kill. >> Hello. Hello. Hello. >> Focus that guy down first and the other guy was already going to die. I go for the guy that runs away, not the guy that stays because the guy that stays will be a pickup that I can get right afterwards no problem anyway. >> So, no stress there. Jenna did flash there actually I believe. So we should be good on that. Bundle mid. I got my recall off. >> Spend the gold. >> Going for voltaic next destroyed. >> I actually should have done one more camp. I actually Yeah, I needed to do one more camp. I thought with the Yeah, with the gold I would have had it, but I'm kind of trolling. Just to take the midwe and recall again dies. No problem. >> Cool. Pick this up. Get my Volta and I'll just play for the dragon in 30 seconds. Don't stop me from recalling, please. Whoa. >> Very nice ash ulti. That was a really nice ash ulti. Respect. Well, nice. Oh. Okay, now I'm not going to recall because now I basically just want to play for the dragon when it spawns. I don't have time to recall anymore. I need them to like move this way. So, I'm going to collapse for like three people right now. Okay, Smaller is top as well as B. I guess I'm fine then. Just do it. Make sure I secure the dragon above anything else. I got my Voltaic on his next back, which is huge. Beautiful. Voltake. Perfect. And then now we're just going to go full drain tank basically, which means we're going to go Death's Dance, Endless Hunger. And I mean that's just disgusting. Death's Dance Endless Hunger G or something. And we're just completely broken. Like we have a lot of shielding from from our W. We'll have so much sustain it's going to be ridiculous. square my top side quadrants and we'll walk forward as his red respawns. I want to go for that. >> Make sure I contest them on his I'm actually going to go for the Smolder here. >> Okay, Smolder backed off. I'm going to Okay, at least this guy was spotted on bot. He got a kill. Nice. Sweep here. Don't face check anything without like notice. My ult's going to or sorry, my ult's up. The red buff is going to be 10 seconds away if she lands the ashalt. Okay, never mind. Oh, she landed an ashalty. We do some damage. We do a lot of damage. Nice. Block the turret shot with the shield clean. This champion is so OP. Like the buffs were so good for Ambessa. Like honestly, it's just noticeable damage increase. And Voltaic is obviously still a crazy item. I just don't think it's like the best first item. I definitely think that Profane is a better first item. It just adds like extra value, like quite a lot of it. Let's go do the Herald real quick. have time to do it now. If I would like delay this any kind of way, then the baron would spawn and this would despawn. Wouldn't be worth it. Take the recall. Buy more of the death's dance. It's just Yeah, but just dev's dance and his hunger. Once I get the endless hunger, like I'm completely immortal. It's not because I'm have a lot of resistances or anything. It's more because my life steal is going to be out of this world. How difficult is Ambessa? She's not that hard. She might look very difficult, but she's pretty easy. >> Mercy is foolish. >> Just, you know, if you put in uh like you just have to get used to putting in movement commands after your skills correctly, and that's about it. Get the right angle for your Q. That's that's really all you have to worry about. It's not that not that difficult. She She is de She looks deceptively difficult. You know what I mean? >> Let's keep going. My team is giving away some deaths. I know this guy's camps probably are up, so we're going to take those as well. Let me play safe here. My Synindra is a bit too far back. I can probably engage that, but their entire team is alive. And for all I know, they could be right behind her. So, I don't want to risk it too badly. >> Did he see me there? I think. Yeah, he did. Just barely. Okay, fair. My biggest concern here is just taking this guy's camps. Make sure he gets nothing to clear. He might be going for my bolt side camps, though. It's possible. I'm okay to pop the Herald down. Oh, he actually lived it. I didn't think he would. I could have committed a little harder than what I actually did there, but I didn't think he would live that one. That was a bit of an in by me. Oh, I'm ining. I thought I'd have enough range. I'm so bad at this game. Okay, that's 1,000 gold to the Lux. My bad. Uh, the biggest thing at least here is before I did that play, I at least checked the dragon to see if I would respawn in time and I do. So, I should be good. I actually thought I had the range to one like to actually reach with flash there, but I did not. That was definitely not worth it. My bad. She might be slightly late. I think she might. Yeah, it'll be okay. I should be able to get there. Unless this guy dies right now. We might have to Nice kick. >> Very nice kick. We're going to homeguards our way all the way through the bot lane here to try to get there fast. I I'll refrain from being that greedy in the future because that was pretty cringe. I have for 5 seconds. My Synra is mid right now. I don't really think they have much of a chance to do this dragon, by the way. Like, we're not that weak. Just one shot him. And I more than confident to go forward here. That's completely fine. Works for me. I got it. Very nice. Yeah, we're still more than strong enough to not lose fights like that. I could just ult in off the ash ulti. It's a very nice combination. I can afford my death's dance as well, which is beautiful. Let's go buy that. Death's dance is going to already make me invincible. The damage reduction from this is going to be big. All right, take another pickaxe with that gold. This is why I did the extra camp because the cashback gold allows me to buy a pickaxe there that way. And this pickaxe goes towards endless hunger. >> We just keep going. Let's move towards my team. I want to play for the Oh, we're playing for Baron. >> Please come to Baron. They're not moving to Baron. So, I don't know if it's possible. >> They're really slow. I don't know if I can still do this now cuz like we are really slow on this one. I'm hoping it's still fine, but Okay, now they're not even hitting Baron. Okay, I'm just going to not do Baron then. It's completely pointless. They're just trolling. Ah, he flashed it. Fair play. >> I mean, that is just cringe, right? Like, there's nothing I could do. My Ash refused to move to Baron. I could I can't play the game. Whatever. Never mind. It's fine. It is just cringe like that. I hate stuff like that. you just like have the best Baron on planet Earth and then your laner just decides like nah who cares about Baron. It's fine. Useless objective anyway or something. I don't know. We saw Trundle like all the way bolt if she doesn't like keep hitting mid here. We just have a free Baron. Doesn't matter if they know if the Trundle is bot lane, brother. That's how that works. It's all good though. I don't know if those pings don't convince them to move, nothing will. It is what it is. Keep clearing my camps. I'm not going to go invade here because I have no team to back me up for those. I will just look for this Lux. I think I agree with Lucen. It's a very big int. Should be able to walk in here. Look at the damage output. >> Look at the CC lock though. I can't really do much here. She just lives towards that. Thank you for the leash. Clean Ashulti. These Ashalties have been so on point, bro. They're so good. This guy's a gamer. Going to quickly remove this. I should be able to do this. I don't think it's that that big of a problem, right? Frontal is dead. So, I definitely want to be doing Baron here for sure. No doubt. I'll tank it. It's all good. I can just tank it with my W shield and everything. Oh, somebody died. No stress. Just finish this off. Dash closer. All good. Keep going. Should be able to catch up to him, I think, with this plant right here. I'm hoping I can do this. Oh, he tpd out. Okay, Trundle not or Smolder no TP. That was definitely Smolder TP. Fair play, bro. I'll take your smaller TP. Your team destroyed me. >> Uh, >> okay, they got it. >> Soul. I'm going to recall right now so we can fully play for this Drake soul. All we have to do here is just secure the soul. But when we have the soul, like the game is un loseable. Basically, my sustain this game is going to be I have ocean soul plus all of this. I have 76 abilities as well. This is pretty disgusting. My omni vamp is crazy, too. Let's go over the pits. Stand in the corner here. We wait. I think she might have to be careful there on mid lane. I think she could get cooked if she walks through the river. That's why I ping it ahead of time so she doesn't walk through the river. Yeah. See, they were like definitely waiting for her to walk through river there. Clean bar, clean dragon. And now we could just engage. Any ash ulti will do. Just going to wait for any ash ulti will be fine. And I can al that or I could just go push bolt wave here. I think my team is fourman strong enough that I should be pushing bolt wave to apply baron to bolt wave especially if this guy's going to hold the wave like that. Very good call by Trundle. >> Okay, my team's losing the fight though. >> Okay, still two mid. I'm still okay to go for the turret then in that case. Just hit it down. Smaller was top as well. I don't think any of them can one v one me, but I do have to be. Okay, there's still two mid. They're trolling. All right, we'll take that. Free turret for me. Split pushing was definitely the best call here. Trundle is also top, so nobody's backing. It's kind of a wild one. I just get to hit the turrets for free. Thank you guys. Avoid the damage. Ow, >> he actually hurts. >> Guess that champ's still just OP. What is my team doing? Actually, they're actually letting Throttle Push stop after all that. Really? That's a bit sus. >> I guess I just got a free push as well, so both of us. But I figured they would at least like defend this bit, right? Like after I Yeah, it doesn't matter. I need >> 500 gold for J. I did get a decent push on bot lane, but it wasn't great. The tunnel did a very smart move of like backing the play, >> so like hold the wave so my team couldn't push with it. >> This game's a little worrying. Just going to regroup with my team here. Oh dear. Trundle is going back to top. I think what I'm just going to do, I'm just going to recall and play for top lane. Probably going to have to kill the Trundle first. So, I'll just kill blue and I'll just go kill him on top lane. >> Oh dear. Does he get that kill? I think he dies here, right? >> Oh, he got it. >> He dies to that. No, he doesn't. Okay. Hopefully, my Synra can defend the turret now cuz I at this point should be pushing bolt wave after that kill to apply pressure on this turret. So, that's what I'm going to do. Got the shield up so I don't take damage from that. >> It's good enough. I'll take it. Thank you. >> I just needed to wait for the misstep slightly and we're good. >> We have enough of a wave here to make this work. I think maybe not. Next wave comes in. Tunnel on the side. Hit the turret, please. He doesn't die off that. You're trolling me. I'm going to die off that. Really? Wow. It's still fine though. We finished off the game. We're good. That is it for Ombsessa. I hope you guys have enjoyed this one. If it makes the like button, much appreciate it. Be sure to subscribe if you haven't and consider joining the memberships as well. And I will see you guys in the end game stats. Okay, so for the end game stats here, I end up doing 23k damage, which is a respectable amount. Like my laners will laners will generally have more damage output than you as a jungler for the most part at least because they just got to consistently hit lane opponents the whole time, right? So there is that. Not too bad. 993 damage. Objective damage at 50k, which is the most healing done at another 20k. Damage taken at 30.9. Self-made again another 44.2. Gold earned at 18.6,000 gold, which is the most in the game. A large partly 291 CS at 31 minutes. Just very consistent on that part. Going with conqueror here. Just overall best consistent rune. Take cash back. take triple tonic for a bit of extra gold income. This could also be different things. You could take like maybe ultimate hunter here or you could go for the green tree and go like conditioning revitalize here for example, make you a lot more tanky in that sense. You have some options in that uh in that regard if you'd like. For the build though, we're looking for profane hydra first. Uh this is just like cheaper item. I don't really like going voltic first as much on Ambessa because this just costs a lot more now and the value of this for like extra AoE damage, extra clear potential is quite nice. It speeds everything up nicely. Gets you additional wave clear and everything like that. So I do really like it for this reason. You can also simply go like no profane here. You can go like hubris into voltaic. I think with the wave voltake is right now it's optimal second item purchase for the most part. Not really first, but you can still go at first if you would like. A second item Volta take you either you will you will always want to build this item. It's either going to be first or second. No questions asked. It is super duper strong. After those two items, whatever you decide to do, then generally just death's dance. Third is always the best. Basically, it's super strong. The survivability from the item is crazy. Damage is good. Like everything is great. After that, endless hunger is amazing. Gives you a tremendous amount of ability haste as well as omnivamp. So, it allows you to sustain fights really easily. Have this omnivamp here. your omni vamp here def sustain like you're going to just sustain everything shield through everything and you're going to be tanky in that regard instead of having to build tank stats you're just going to heal so much have so much shielding that it's just unplayable for the enemy team and then I like to end this build with a guardian angel to just completely commit to every play just dive in with the old full commit do as much damage as possible die and then do it again because you can heal yourself back up you can shield yourself and you are looking pretty good like that so yeah that is it for Ambessa I hope you enjoyed enjoyed this one. If you did, make sure to hit the like button. Be sure to subscribe as well and join the memberships. And I'll see you guys in the next one.
