Title: 3 Minute Senna Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAcao1EI0KU

Content:
Why play Senna bot? Well, she is an infinitely scaling carry. She brings great sustain, her range is ridiculously long, and her global ultimate is game-changing. However, she does lack mobility before her items, and she is skillshot reliant for a lot of her kit. Senna's first passive is all of her basic attacks are not projectiles. However, when she buys attack speed, she gains reduced effects. Her second passive are her infinitely scaling souls, which you can get in multiple ways. Attacking or landing an ability on an enemy champion will apply a stack. If she does this again within 4 seconds, she does bonus damage and gains a permanent soul. Also, enemies that die nearby have a chance to drop a soul, and she can attack them or hit them with Q or alt to collect them. For each soul, she gains permanent attack damage, and every 20 souls, she gains bonus attack, range, and crit strike chance. And her third passive is all of her basic attacks just simply deal bonus damage and grant her bonus move speed. Senna's Q is a point-and-click ability which can be used on an enemy, ally, or anything else. And then when used, it shoots out a long-range rectangular skill shot which deals damage to enemies hit and slows them while also healing herself and all ally champions. The cooldown of this ability is reduced every time she attacks. Senna's W is a straight line skill shot which deals damage to the first enemy hit and attaches to them. After a second, or if the target dies, then them and all enemies around them get rooted. Senna's E creates a circle around her where she camouflages herself and all ally champions within. All allies within become camouflaged and gain bonus move speed. Senna's ultimate is a massive global straight line skill shot. It deals damage to all enemies hit by the center and in a much larger area grants a shield to Senna and all her allies. For combos, start with E if needed into an attack, Q, W, and ult before attacking away more. And if you start with W, attack into Q and ult before attacking away. For matchups, Senna is great into less aggressive laners where she can simply farm her passive. And she can struggle into harder lane bullies who won't let her scale. For runes, take this. fleet for movement speed, damage, and healing is just amazing synergy. For build order, start blade and pot into a ghost blade and tier 2 boots. From here, grab an RFC and an infge before finishing a build with any of these. For skill order, start Q, then W, then E before maxing Q, then W, then E, taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and barrier. For synergy, she works well with champions who bring her even more peel. Starting the game, you're looking to scale into a beast of a hyper carry, so focus on farming while poking and harassing your opponent. Your attack range being 600 is great as it means you just simply outrange almost everyone. So if you can ever attack the same target twice or simply attack and queue them, not only is it great damage, but you've also got a passive stack. Otherwise, landing a W is a great way to start a trade as you can simply just shoot them from out of their range while they have to stand still. And of course, once you get ultimate, look to influence fights around the map, turning the fights for your team. Entering the mid game, take your tower as soon as possible and rotate mid. This puts two strong champions in the center of the map to quickly roam to fights and objectives while sieging the most important mid outer tower. Entering late game team fights, play as the backline hyper carry. Use your ultimate early in the fight over as many allies and enemies as possible for maximum value. From here, rely on we E and your long attack range to keep yourself safe while spamming out QES on as many allies and enemies as possible.
