Title: ALL NEW CHANGES for PATCH 26.08 - League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxCxpr9du9s

Content:
26.8 is right around the corner. So, let's get you guys set up with every single change that we can expect to hit live servers this upcoming Wednesday, April 15th. And don't you just hate it how every stat site just autogenerates their stats, litters them with Google ads, and then AFKs, baiting players into terrible builds via misleading stats. Well, that's why we just launched the best build site for League of Legends that actually has our team of challenger players working with the stats to explain why you should run each build, when to pivot, and what to avoid. It's totally free, so why wouldn't you try it? Check it out after this video. And of course, if you want our famously effective courses behind the builds that teach you how to actually carry games and climb fast, use our special discount link in the description below. And with that being said, let's get into it. Hui is first up on the buff list for this patch as Riot is going to be increasing his passive base damage going from 35 scaling to 230 to 40 scaling to 285. Hi's ability slows are now actually going to stack with each other for diminishing value as well. And then there's a bug fix being issued so that He's QE and R slows no longer stack with other champions or items slows. Lilia buffs are on the way with her passive monster damage cap going up from 65 flat to 70 scaling to 180. So, a lot more scaling strength on her passive monster damage. Now, Lucian is going to be making a push back into the meta if these buffs go live as his E cooldown is going to be lowered from 18 scaling to 14 seconds to 16 scaling to 14 seconds while e- mana cost is dropping from 40 scaling to zero to 32 scaling to zero. Tom Kinch is going to receive a few changes to his passive for this patch with the base damage being increased. AP ratio on passive and health scaling on passive are both being lowered a bit to compensate though. But since Riot has the changes listed under the buff category, we should be able to assume that the base damage buff is going to outweigh those nerfs. Despite being the most popular jungler, literally in the entire game right now, and by no means in need of a buff, Viego is on the buff list for this patch. Riot's going to be increasing his Q base damage by five at all ranks, while his R primary base damage is going up as well from 12 scaling to 20% missing health to 15 scaling to 25% missing health. So get ready for 20% play rate VGO man in 26.8 cuz if these buffs go through, we're going to be seeing a ton of them. Mel is going to be issued a couple of nerfs for 26.8 with her Q initial base damage dropping from 60 scaling to 180 to 60 scaling to 160. Q initial AP ratio is going down from 60 to 55%. W movement speed duration is dropping from 1.5 to 0.75 seconds and W cooldown is going to be increased from 35 scaling to 23 seconds to 38 scaling to 26 seconds. Now Karma was nerfed last patch, but the change didn't result in her power dropping off all that much. So Riot has a second set of nerfs planned for 26.8. Base AD is going down from 51 to 49. AD growth drops from 3.3 to 3. And then e- mana cost is going up by 10 at all ranks. Mundo jungle is going to be targeted with nerfs as his Q monster damage cap is going from 300 scaling to 600 to 250 scaling to 550. E- monster damage cap is down as well from 200 to 140%. So a pretty significant set of nerfs to Mundo's clear speed. Riot's going to be adjusting Yumi for this patch with her R healing going up, however, only at rank two and rank three in the spell while the AP ratio on the heal is up from 10 to 12%. Our best friend increased healing is up as well from 30% flat to 30 scaling to 60%. There is a bug fix being issued though to where her R is no longer going to heal her attached ally a second time whenever it heals another ally. Okay guys, one last thing. Our rankup guarantee is absolutely insane. It's kind of like signing up for the gym and then just getting a refund if you don't get ripped. That's how confident we are in Skill Cap. We obsess over making the best guides with the top players, the rigorous testing, and top tier video editing to make your climb as easy as possible. If you're ready to level up, just visit skillcap.com and literally see the difference. So, there you have it, everyone. We have another pretty small patch for 26.8, so likely no significant meta shifts here, but Riot has stated that 26.9 is going to be a larger one, so hopefully that one will have more of an impact on the meta. Thank you all so much for watching and we'll see you in the next one.
