Title: 3 Minute Ambessa Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XhEGgAtbsnc

Content:
Why play Ambessa jungle? Well, she is insanely mobile. She deals massive AoE damage. She brings strong single target engage and she has great built-in healing. However, she is very reliant on skill shots and she can take some time to learn and master. Ambessa's passive is after using an ability, she can immediately input an attack or movement to cause her to dash. Her second passive is after using an ability, she generates a stack and she can have up to three at one time. While she has at least one stack, her next attack will consume the stack to grant it bonus attack range, bonus attack speed, bonus damage, and also restore a chunk of energy. Ambessa's Q has two activations. The first is a cone skill shot, which deals double damage against enemies hit by the outer edge. As long as this hits at least one enemy, she can use the second part of her Q in the next 4 seconds, which becomes a line skill shot, dealing damage to enemies hit, and the damage is doubled against the first enemy hit, and both her Q's deal massively increased damage to monsters. Ambessa's W causes her to brace herself, which grants her a shield. During this time, she's unable to act, which does allow her to dash with her passive. Then, after a short delay, she deals damage in a circle around her. And if the shield mitigates any damage, the damage is increased. Ambessa's E causes her to deal damage in a circle around her and slow all enemies hit. And if she uses her passive to dash, she casts this ability again. Ambessa's ultimate has a passive where she gains percentage armor pen and also percentage life steal for her abilities. The active is a straight line skill shot which causes her to blink behind the farthest enemy champion hit. She then suppresses them before dealing damage to them and stunning them. Before we talk about combos, let's talk about her short dashing. You will be dashing between every single ability you use, and it is a fairly long-range dash. And if you need mobility, go for it. However, if you click closer to Ambessa, you'll dash for a much shorter distance. As you can see from the footage, these short dashes allow you to get the damage out much faster than otherwise. This is definitely a mechanic worth practicing and for a go-to combo is to start Q into attack and E. Follow up with alt while they're slowed and then from here Q into an attack and W before attacking away. For matchups, Ambessa plays well into champions she can just easily dash around all game and she can struggle against high damage junglers who will stick to her. For runes, take this. Conqueror is everything she wants. For build order, start red monster and pot into an eclipse and tier 2 boots. From here, a sho and death dance are great pickups before finishing a build with any of these as needed. For skill order, start Q, then E, then W before maxing Q, then E, then W, taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and smite. Starting the game, your go-to will always be to do a full jungle clear. It's just the best golden experience, and your early ganks aren't the strongest. After getting scuttled, you do want to look for a gank. As always, considering the three main points of where is the lane pushed to, what CC does your team bring, and what escapes does the enemy have. Ambessa has a ton of damage and is easily able to dash down opponents. So, it's often a good idea to gank the lane that brings the CC for you. And this is especially good once you're level six as they can hold the opponent still for you. Enter in the mid game, play a skirmish play style. Farm hard, but whenever there's a chance for a 2v2 or a 3v3 fight, take it. You absolutely love these. Entering late game team fights, play the front to back play style. Just attack the enemy front line until you get the opportunity to dash towards their backline. And a well-timed alt can get you there immediately. From here, you deal so much damage just to pop the backline, relying on your high mobility to keep yourself
