Title: Zaahen Champion Spotlight | Gameplay - League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3F9CpeiSNE

Content:
An enlightened
warlord who chose exile and imprisonment to stop the threat of his fellow Darkin. Zaahen has returned to once again
fight a battle against his own kin and within himself. In game, Zaahen wages war as a lethal brawler
who can skirmish with the best of them. With a mix of sustained damage, mobility
and auto attacks, this Darkin warrior ascends in combat
to become unstoppable as the battle rages on. Discover the power of Zaahen, the Unsundered in this Champion Spotlight. Zaahen's passive is Cultivation of War. Every attack and ability that hits an 
enemy champion fills Zaahen with Determination Each level of Determination
grants bonus attack damage until Zaahen reaches full power... but we'll get to that later. Zaahen’s Q is the Darkened Glaive. After casting his next attack,
slashes twice, healing bonus damage, applying on hit effects and healing
for a percentage of his maximum health. Recasting the ability within four seconds empowers his next attack
with more bonus damage and the knockout. This makes Zaahen even more attack
oriented than your typical bruiser. As his name suggests, he's all about
those AAs. With his W, Dreaded Return, Zaahen stabs his glaive forward damaging any enemies
it hits and dragging them toward himself. In addition to keeping cowardly
enemies in range, his W is great for multi stacking his passive in the heat of battle as it hits on the initial stab,
and again on the drag for double procs, and it can strike
multiple enemies at once. His E is Aureate Rush. Zaahen dashes a short distance
and then flourishes his glaive, dealing damage to all enemies around him. Enemies at the edge of his sweeping strike
catch even more damage. Whether you decide to use Aureate
rush as a chase tool or as a quick repositioning option,
you’re golden Finally Zaahen’s Ultimate is Grim Deliverance. Zaahen prepares for battle, takes flight,
and slams down into the fray. The AoE impact will increase his Determination for every enemy champion in the area. Expertly timed, this ultimate
can swing the odds back Zaahen’s favor but his true power is revealed
when he reaches that final level of Determination and unlocks
the other part of his passive With full stacks, Zaahen doubles
the bonus AD from his Cultivation of War, and the next time he would die,
he instead revives after a few seconds with a portion of his max health
- back to finish what he started. Wise to dread my return. Zaahen is a serious threat over time,
so smart enemies will either disengage early early or shut you down before he reaches his max potential,
leaving you determinated instead. Apply his ancient techniques
well, though, and your high sustain abilities will allow you to thrive in an extended
fight, defying both death and defeat. Ascendant. Darkin. I am the blade between If you're drawn to the art of combat,
an unflinching champions Like Illaoi, Darius, or Jax Gives a Zaahen a try. You may find this meditative Darkin is exactly the warrior you've been waiting for. The moment for mercy is long past. Break your enemies until only you remain. With Zaahen, the Unsundered.
