Title: Rough Start Turns Into A Mejai's Game | Fizz Mid vs Ahri 26.10
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0X3jNhIGLg

Content:
What's going on guys? Sophisticated here bringing you another Fizz gameplay video. Today we're in the mid lane. We're up against an Ari. This guy took electrocute running resolve secondary. So bone plating is a certainty. Running the flash and the ignite. This name seems familiar. Junking. I don't know if that's anyone special or not. Streamer or something like that. I need to do a better job of just taking a look at people. see if we got anybody in our games that uh >> looks familiar. So, we're up against Ari. We are running the electrocute and the we're going to do the Lichbane build. The reason being is Lichbane just got buffed and I said it last video, too. It's like a 5% bonus AP ratio and then a 2% movement speed buff as well. So, pretty pretty decent little buffs. And this game they're like high priority targets are all this going to be a pretty good trade for us. If if Fiddle would have been here, it would have been even better for us. >> I think as long as we don't get hit by her W. Oh jeez. I was going to say if we didn't get hit by the W or if Fiddle would have just been there would it would have been really good trades for us. But yeah, going to be kind of tough for us now. That is going to be a little brutal. Definitely look for an E onto her. Hit her with the E then just walk out. Nice. She's going to tank up a lot of damage from the minions there. I'll take a little auto cuz she's going to hit that electrocute proc wasn't worth it. Yeah, low key we might have to get a reset in. I think being sand is too like dangerous cuz she's got the ignite. Oh, if I could have hit her with that potentially would have been not too bad. >> Definitely not a great start. I think if Our boy Fiddle would have been like closer to his raptors and been able to capitalize on that damage, that little bit of a trade. We for sure could have killed. We'll just E that probably going to mess up the whole wave here, but that's fine. I'll flash that. I think I still might be dead. So close. Might as well come get this wave, brother. I can't get anything other than this. Yeah, I was about to say he might as well soak that XP. That's a huge like little bit of bonus for him. He lowkey might kill her there. Oh, great. Like cancelled by him. Him holding this wave. Okay, don't die to her though, brother. Don't die to her, brother. Please don't die to her. If he dies, it's so bad for me. Thank goodness he didn't die. He got her flash as well. And this wave is going to be perfect for us. So, actually not too bad. She doesn't have teleport either, so she's actually going to miss out on a good bit of CS here and XP. >> It would have been icing on the cake if he got the kill, obviously. But this is still really good for us. The wave is going to be perfect here. And she's going to miss a lot. We should be just about even. Maybe she might even be further behind us after this cuz she's only level 3, too. And she's going to miss this full wave. We'll collect this full wave. Although she is going to have better combat stats than us off of her back. I'm going to trade with her cuz I think just her being chunked like that is going to benefit us a little bit more. Her auto attack range is kind of crazy though. Yeah, she doesn't have any sustain other than her kit. Oh, if I'm walking into her though, it doesn't help us very much. I should have traded with her on that cannon. Dodge the That's fine. I'm taking way too much damage from the cannon here to actually continue that. But we're even in CS and I'm about to catch this wave. >> She actually has to be a little careful. >> Bro, that Q is so brutal. She has no flash. >> Really sucks that he didn't come back for this gank. Yeah, that's brutal. If he came for that gank, I think we kill. Honestly, we still might kill. Just her bone plating is going to keep us from winning the potential fight. Dude, I don't know how she's so high in XP either, though. Yeah, that sucks. This guy being here, perfect timing. H, that sucks. If he would have just came, Fiddle just comes a little sooner there instead of waiting. It's pretty brutal. I am so surprised she was as high in XP as she was. I thought we'd hit level five a lot sooner than her. I mean, I wouldn't even go to this. That is brutal for the lane. Absolutely. >> An ally has been slain. >> That was just a really great grave gank. Like perfect timing cuz I think if he doesn't show up there, I potentially kill her with her having that low of mana. It's a really good counter gank for that guy. >> Can maybe go down there and gank them if they stay. I have a feeling Graves is right here. Why is she walking over this way? Is he taking the scuttle? He just took it. That sucks. Yeah, little unlucky. Little unlucky. I can't even play up any either because Graves is for sure going to be like in the area. I mean, Fiddle turns on once he gets his AL, but oh my goodness, bro. He has 48 farm to our 24. That is wild. This guy probably is a uh YouTuber or something streamer. There's no way that his grapple should be that big. There's their alt. I'm going to fish. Bad up fish by me. I mean, that's her as well, which is great. But if I hit that fish, we may have been able to kill. I need to give me some stacks here, brother. this guy low. I feel like this could be a really really bad dive, >> especially if >> Yeah, I was going to say if uh Grave shows up, it's really bad. >> That little bit of health is going to go a long ways. I wish I hit my alt on the RA, bro. We probably would have had potential to kill her. She's for sure going to reset after this. >> That's fine. I'm not going to let her. >> Absolutely insane that this Oh my goodness, dude. So brutal, man. This they have to be duoing. Like that's crazy that this guy just happens to show up both times. Yeah, she's not getting it back. Yeah, you're dead, buddy. Call your jungler this time. He is probably way too healthy for me to mess with this guy, but I'm going to walk over here. Yeah, he just gets it. Very brutal that our jungler is level five. I can't even push this wave where I would like to. Yeah, our jungler being level five is so so bad, man. Oh no. Stay away from me. They should be starving that guy of farm or something. Um, let's go ahead and grab this and this. Just the most AP that we can get. Yeah, we should for sure be grabbing this. I think a dragon the dragon heal and shield is really good for us cuz we have a lot of shields. I cannot even press up here even though my wave is completely screwed. If I push up, yeah, the enemy support and jungler are there. We'll take this control ward out. I mean, us getting the dragon there is pretty good. I don't think she can keep going. So that's fine. We get her alt. That's really, really good for us, bro. She's going to push up here. Oh, dude. This guy's going to die. I can't even help him either. Yeah, this uh Graves is kind of going dummy ham on him. She should be dead here. Oh, we blocked the dodge the charm rather. That sucked, bro. This guy. That's brutal. That is brutal. I thought for sure we were killing her there off of that. Got her charm. Got her alult. Our Fiddle is just so far behind, bro. He's level six to her. This guy's level eight, man. It makes it impossible for me to really fight with this Ari cuz she constantly has a incredibly strong jungler backing her up. >> Yeah, very annoying, man. The Embessa living there is crazy. >> Yeah, it's a cry and shame that Fiddle is incredibly far behind as he is. It's a good stop on her back, though. >> I mean, our bot lane seems to be doing well. If they can Nice. Great. That's good. Double kill enemy bot. Maybe our bot lane can carry us through this Graves. [clears throat] I mean, he's hard popping off right now, so it's going to be difficult to >> come through that death. Okay, they already got their tower. Maybe not. >> Definitely going to be a tough game to win. I'm going to try and get this blade if possible. Nice. I'll just come straight down here, I guess. I'm not really strong enough to match them, though. That's the only bad thing I have ult up. I would love to make a play with our bot lane if possible. >> Yeah, he should be dead. Great. Good play. Good place. I'm going to run straight mid cuz I have a feeling that Graves is going to be there after this wave cuz he might just go and look to shut down our mid laner or ADC. That's such a big play, man. If I get Lichbane off of this and can just run mid and help my team, Graves is for sure in the area. Yeah, this is going to be really bad. That's what I was worried about. They can outplay though. That's huge. Oh, it's so big. I'm going to come and help here. >> Oh, my home girl didn't even come help me. What is she doing? Why is she not coming to help us here? Dude, that was wild by her. just leaving us hanging there as we fought that Graves who was incredibly fed. Ari's going to be coming up. So, I don't really want to even go there. I'm just going to come to this. But that's huge. That's absolutely huge. Killed the Graves. She might go down there. >> She's got to be careful, man. Ari's going to be coming for sure. And she has a 5 400 gold shut down on her. Actually, there's the Ari right there. If she has alt, I'm toast. All right. I mean, getting that kill on the graves is massive. I hope that she doesn't walk in this bush and kill me. Lazy recalling here. Nice. Let's grab that and then start building towards this. Honestly, the armor probably would have been a better play. No fear. >> I think we should for sure contest this cuz our Caitlyn is so strong. But if we don't get our whole team over here, it's going to be bad. There's the the Nautilus and the Graves. And I'm sure Arya is over there, too. Ah, that sucks, man. Our Fiddle just not contesting sucks big time. If she kept that minion up, I could have queued off of it and looked to al him. Yeah, we can't. We can't play. No, we can't. This guy's here. That's gone. Like, it's for sure gone. I'm just going to go for anyone. If we can get a make a play, like kill one person right off the bat, we can potentially just keep going on the fight. At least we can keep going here. Dodge the charm. Keep going. >> Can we maybe keep going here? Take out the control ward. Graves is behind us, too. But that's really good. I mean, we we miss out on the dragon, but we got a bunch of kills and we might even get some plates over there. So, honestly, not too terrible. Can we look for this? Maybe. >> They have a lot of vision, don't they? Your >> team has destroyed a turret. >> Um, I think we look for this, right? >> Uh, can we come help this guy? He might just be dead. I mean, we for sure kill this guy. We can keep going, though. I want to go on that guy. Ah, we can't. I don't think we can. Ari's going to be coming. [snorts] I mean, that's still decent. >> Oh, actually, Ari's down there. >> This guy might be toast. I don't think I can catch up to him, and I think I would just potentially die. We'll just reset. Reset. Grab the seekers. I mean, our Fiddle is definitely kind of griefing it, but we have a really strong bot laner. And I think this Braum is really good, too. 10 sack on the dark. So we might have to go soul stealer here. >> Ari is no slouch either. She's got decent amount of stuff going for her. She's got a lot of plates here in this bottom lane. Although she did just use all of her abilities. So I have Za. So I'm going to try and outplay her here. >> I don't think I can kill her actually. An ally has been slain. >> Yeah, I don't think I kill her. An >> enemy has been slain. >> Boys are dying up there. They might kill the Graves though. >> Huge. Yeah, if I hit my ult on this Ari like ever whenever she ults as she would die, but I'm just too slow. That's fine, though. We push her out of lane and we survive her. We should be able to deny some of this farm at the very least. Maybe even get a plate for ourselves. N dang, she kind of got back fast, huh? We just got to reset. I think Bessa's pretty strong, too. The only one on our team that's not strong is Fiddle. And his ult as long as he like makes decent ults, like he doesn't have to be very fed for his ult to be impactful, right? Um I have ult up soon. If I can just land it on the Ari, we probably kill her. See if she keeps pushing. We could for sure look for her. I don't think she's done it, though. Um, this guy's got to be a bit careful. We don't have anyone really in the area. I don't think that's a great play unless they can get a big Brahm's got to be a bit careful >> without Caitlyn. It's going to be hard for us to really make a big play. She's all of our strength and Ari could for sure look for these guys. But me pushing in might incentivize her to come down here. Oh, yikes. Dude, I'm telling you, bro. If I could just not in whenever she ults. I mean, she ulted and didn't get anything. And she's not over there making plays on my bot lane, so I'm going to say worth. She doesn't have, but that might be a dead Caitlyn with a 700 gold shutdown. Should we sell this? >> I think we sell both of these and grab this. >> Ari has no alt. Big play by that guy though. I also don't have alt. Don't think we can do too much there. Oh, did she flash? I really want to contest the dragon. There's no reason we should be giving over drakes to these guys. We are way too strong to be potentially giving this over. Nice. We can maybe make a play on these guys. They might just walk right over here. It's a little sketchy. I'm surprised that no one has walked over here yet. Right here. Right here, boys. This might be a free low kill. I mean, we have Fiddle Al, do we not? Very crazy that we don't just use Fiddle Alt. That's a big Nice. I can probably kill this guy, too. I just need to get a Q on him. Give me some uh KP here. Pop. One more auto. Let's go. Yeah, we could definitely do Baron. This guy's down here. Yeah, I think it'd probably be better to just grab this as well. Come grab this health so I'm not too low. I think this Ailio is a bit tilted and uh we'll take it. We will take it. We'll walk over here and just scare this guy away. I really don't need to even be over here. We got the Baron. We'll just get a reset in. Pick up our Znas. Pick up our Zas. Wow. We can't really get anything else, but I want to grab a controller sweeper. Oh, big juicy wave here. All right, level 13 got a little bit of a lead on the RA. It was a rough start dying early, but we've played really well since then, I think. And shout out to our team. Caitlyn is just insane. I just played a game against a Caitlin who took over just like this Caitlin did. Just completely ran the game with her uh support. >> I'm just going to keep pushing bot lane. Legendary. >> My team's doing putting in work there. I think I just soak up solo XP down here. >> Let them keep doing what they're going to do. I think they're going to win pretty much any fight. >> Big shut down on the Ambessa. As long as Caitlin doesn't go down, we're fine cuz she's got like a 700 gold shut down on her. >> Nice. Yeah, they're getting kills, too. So, who's still alive? Graves. Graves is still alive. I am going to get a lot of damage on this tower. I have Lichb Bane a lot here. >> Yeah, a lot of lot of minions. A lot of plates there. >> I have a big stack wave here, too. >> Your team has destroyed a turret. >> I don't think we want to get the inhib, but getting all these plates is super good. All right, I think we bail here. Look for a fish just to try and save that guy. We got to run. That's a big shut down over. Yeah, it's a big shutdown over that guy. I mean, I did everything I could for you, brother. We have our fiddle in the wings here. Braves got the shutdown, too. Unfortunately, which is pretty gnarly. We'll throw our control ward there. I think we're going to grab a soul stealer into. Do we have enough gold for this? We don't. That kind of sucks. Oh, what is Fiddle's going in now? I >> I guess if Graves doesn't show up, that's fine. Definitely sucks that uh Graves got that shutdown because he is insanely strong and he's scaling up, but if we can stack up mountain dragons, it's going to be really good for us. I want to grab this wave so I can uh get closer to my Needless. And I might even just reset here and grab it cuz that with my soul stealer is going to be make us even stronger. almost 400 AP. I think Caitlin just pushing is a little sketchy cuz we have no idea where anyone is. >> Plus, we're going to want to play for this dragon. Grace is up top. He probably kills the Ambessa there, but it should give us drain. >> Yeah, they got three people top. Should be a free dragon for us. >> Kaitlin's got to be careful pushing this wave cuz they're all right in this area. Dropping some frames there. Yeah, if we can get the mountain soul, I think it'll kind of mitigate Grace's uh fedness is having that little bit of shielding on top of three 15% armor and magic resist. Although, we don't really have anyone who's tanky to kind of benefit off of that. Um, I can't get anything. Running around the jungle seems a little bit silly. See if we can't get some wards though or deny some vision. >> I don't know if I could 100 to zero her is the problem. I thought he was going to look for an al play. huge gives us some uh stacks on our soul sealer as well. I wish he would have given me the kill there, but that's fine. Braum might be dead. Yeah, it's a great alult by him, but I just don't think it's going to. Got his >> enmy. >> Oh, I might be dead here myself. Think I probably die here. Oh, I'm barely alive. I am barely alive. Let's get out of here. Think we just go for this. Got that soon. >> Your team has destroyed an inhibitor. >> Yeah, I think I just run even though this wave is forming up. We're going to want to play for this. Graves is dead for 22. And they're scaling up with the with the ornament. So, we want to end this game relatively soon. as soon as we can. Anyways, I'm actually going to hard shove this wave so they have this wave pushing into them while Baron's up. She have a roll. Oh, she's dead. That kills her. It's a big pick for us, too. I think we just rush this on spawn, right? We don't rush this on spawn. We absolutely rush this on spawn with Ari being dead. Spittle have he doesn't have smite. That's really sketchy. I think we have to fight him. All right. Huge. Yeah, we just pick one person. All right. Now we just bail. Reset. Wait for either the dragon or some inhib or something. Huge. That is a good pick. Team is playing really, really well. Caitlyn's gigafed. >> Nice. We dealing a lot of damage. They got to be careful there though cuz me and Fiddle are not even there. So, it's going to be a 4v5 if they do stay. I'm getting a lot of pressure here, though. Disengage if you can, boys. I think them staying is just super greedy by our team. Unless they can get the plays. They get the plays. I'm going to say worth, but >> it's big shutdowns. Yeah, >> lot of shutdowns for the team. destroyed. >> If I can get this inhib, I guess it's not that bad off, though. >> The the inhib is going to help us to potentially get this Baron or this uh dragon soul, which we're absolutely going to need. Hopefully, Fiddle doesn't die to this guy. >> I feel like the Graves is the much more important person to be killing. Especially with dragon up soon. This wave should give me my >> Oh my goodness. >> Oh my goodness, bro. Yeah, that sucks. Our dragon soul is up in 30 seconds. And if they just backed off right there with the wave pressure that we we're going to have, we would be able to take that. But we're giving the enemy a way back into the game. It just didn't make any sense to be letting them do anything there. But getting this would be nice just so they don't I don't think we I don't think we mess with this at all. We really don't want to mess with this. rather just chill. Wait for these guys. Oh, if I hit that fish, maybe. Now we definitely can't fight it. The Graves is so strong. There's really no point in fighting it. Ah, that sucks. I think Caitlin's going to go down there. If I can get one pick though, it's something. How is that guy still alive, bro? Insane. He like one tapped me. I couldn't even zas. I mean, if this guy can keep them busy enough. >> Yeah, that just sucks. Just sucks that Fiddle and them died up here. >> An enemy has been slain >> cuz that would have been our dragon soul. A free drake dragon soul for us. I mean, there's nothing that this guy can do right now. I lost a lot of stacks there, too. Um, I don't even know what to build. I mean, this guy has so much damage. They don't really have enough AP damage for me to warrant a void sap. Like, he has no magic for this other than that. So, maybe just Yeah, I think this might be the play here. Inhibitor has respawned. >> It's going to be very hard once this guy picks up a G, too. I think we just stay for this. We don't want to let them stack any mountain dragons cuz they have an or Nautilus who are both stacking a lot of magic resist. Fiddle needs to only make plays around Caitlyn and not around himself. He is not that strong. >> An enemy has been slain. I mean, can we make a play on this guy, though? I have ult up. I think we just come straight up here. >> Come straight up here. If we come up here, we can do triple inhip. Oh, our bot our half of our team is staying here and it's going to cause them to just hard engage on us. >> Okay, it might be good. Great alult by me and Fiddle Bro won us the game. My Eve jumping over the wall was bad, but my alt was really good. It landed on two pryo targets. Let's go, baby. Let's go. Give these guys the little fizz emote. All right, boys. as we are in that one. It was looking sketchy at times, but we managed to pull it off. We're going to go golden here at the end screen, too. In the game, so I can go golden, boys. All right. All right, boys. There it is. Fizz mid versus Ari. We'll take you to the after action after this. All right, fellas. This is the after action for the game. We just played against that Ari mid. And this was This game started off pretty rough for us. I'll be honest. Like, I think our initial trade wasn't bad against this guy. We should just after getting that like E auto auto to proc electrocute and get our manaf flow banned. I think we should just back off there. Now, if I had like our jungler, if he would have been closer to me, I think extending that trade would have been fine cuz even if he could have thrown an E or or like a W, you know, to drain her, uh it would have been great and maybe get her flash early. All in all, I think that was like our biggest weak point. Um, and then obviously the couple times dying to her just were super unlucky timing. Like the Graves just h I'd say up until like Midame, this Graves was just constantly showing up at the perfect time. Like every time we would go in on a fight on her or try to stop her back, it was honestly just really well played by the Graves. And I do think that this Graves played out of his mind. I think if there's not a 17 kill Caitlyn who's pumping out 56k damage, like this Graves carries this game. Um, but all in all, I think we did really well. I think another big point where I played really poorly was my ults. There were so many times where Ari and I were both in a lane and she would ult and like start the aggression onto me and I just was not fast enough with my ult to hit her and like capitalize off that Reich because we were ahead of her. Um, we had pretty good farm and we had a lot of kills. I plus the soul stealer was stacked up the majority of the game. I think if we just hit some of ours, we absolutely could have killed her. Um, especially with her being 0 and8. So, I didn't push my lead effectively enough in that aspect. [clears throat] Excuse me. But I do think my team fights were pretty good other than I think the the last fight around that that mountain dragon was kind of bad. I miss I led off with trying to ult the the Graves. Couldn't get him, so I flash QWD onto the Aphilios. He had barrier, so I wasn't able to one-shot him. And then I had to kind of remove myself from the team fight, kill him, and then I tried to pick Graves off on the back half and he just one-shot me, hit me with a crit for like 900. Um, so yeah, it was it would have been difficult, but that we really brought it back on that very last engage and Bessa TP top lane and I was going to go top lane too cuz my thought process was instead of like coin flipping it, luckily we won the coin flip. Instead of coin flipping it, my idea was we all go top lane and we use the pressure from our two super minion waves pushing to just get that tower and that inhib and then we grab Baron and run it down with triple inhibs down and just end the game clean. Uh, luckily the enemy team were baited. They all went in and they bunched up. I got a really nice like size fish that knocked him up and then Fiddle got a a big ult onto that. So, we just hit him with so much AoE damage, we were able to kill Aphilios and um the Graves without them really doing anything. So, that really uh won us the game. But all in all, we get the win. We're sitting at 27 LP, diamond one. Not too shabby. But yeah, fellas, if you enjoyed that video, drop a like. If you're enjoying the content, I really do ask you to consider hitting that subscribe button. Helps push our content to new people. Helps us grow the community gets discovered. And yes, stick around for the next
