Title: BUFFED ANNIE IS FREE ELO - How To Play Annie & Carry | Best Build & Runes | League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmkauyiADVY

Content:
What's up guys? It's Ardoin here and today we are going to play Botlane on Midlane full burst build playing against Bell. So this match up can be really annoying for Eddie and we're going to have to focus on the wave clear from the start. But surely staying away from the minion wave helps. Unless if she would just use her Q on minions. But it seems she's keeping that for me. For now I can't really reach her and this is one of the worst match ups for Eddie maybe because of that Q advantage and the fact that she can counter burst. But it's all about timing. So at some point I'm going to have an opportunity to make a trade. It's also not like she can always counter my burst. But I can see I push more than her and now she has to use abilities on minions. This works too. I make short trades just to trigger Electrocute and I back. Like this. And I go back. She's dead. Yeah, in the end I've got the kill on this match up. I'm my Q hurts. So, if you manage to last hit with the Q, you get mana back and the cool down is refunded by 50%. Actually, that So, like there are moments on this lane where it seems like Malzahar is really annoying, but actually we can counter her. And here I kept my shield. I didn't use it for the speed up. I just needed to reach Lee and I shooted. Kind of funny he tried to kick Mundo on his passive. I really like Luden's is fun, but Malignance is more consistent for ranked. Like the ultimate ability haste. And the magic resist reduction. Yeah, she's spamming so much. >> [laughter] >> Very nice that they buffed Annie. She has a lot of potential. I can imagine her against my lane matchup. I just have to engage with Tibbers, but always use Tibbers when you have the stun ready. Otherwise, it's not worth it. See? You have to do it fast enough that her W is useless then. Okay, I won't get the plate. I just go for boots upgrade, and that's fine. Next, we go for Stormsurge. Stormsurge is nice because except for magic pen and the extra effect, you also get movement speed. Okay, teleport. I've got boots upgrade first. My cooldowns are low now. I could flash with W. I see 03. I'm contra. Come on. Yeah, you see Q as well good. I bought it for an auto. And you can press alt again to make the bears walk towards you and attack the closest target. You can also shoot the bears and make the bears attack the turret. He's going for kills by I can provide the shoot. >> [snorts] >> I want to back already, so I get this control later. Killing spree. Have you seen my teddy bear? >> An ally has been slain. >> I never play with matches. Hop, skip, jump. Your team has destroyed a turret. Come out, come out, wherever you are. I'm going to stay on Lissandra's side. All right, he's fine. DON'T BE A SCAREDY-CAT. >> [laughter] >> THIS WAY. AN ALLY HAS BEEN SLAIN. Try to keep up. >> Are we there yet? Wish she wanted to roam. An enemy has been slain. Double kill. Reverse. Okay, Chase. I'm going to Oh, never mind. Much chance to bug. Jump. Your team has destroyed a turret. Okay, I'm keeping the shield in case someone will be there. She got back quickly. I'm getting my flash soon. Your team has destroyed a turret. Rampage. An ally has been slain. I'm going to come out wherever you are. >> Killing spree. Okay, Storm so chubby. Come on. How do you guys one of the most brutal one shots in the game? >> [laughter] >> Seems I can go for more damage this game. I was actually using Gathering Storm over Scorch. Extra damage. Shield wasn't enough. Rampage. Shut down. They were actually chasing like that. >> Usually I would go Shadow Flame now. But let's go Mage's Eye. That extra speed helps Annie. This way. Unstoppable. An ally has been slain. >> a scaredy cat. An enemy has been slain. Okay. Come out, come out, wherever you Will they contest? They have no jungler. Have you seen my bear Tibbers? Are we there yet? Well, no one's coming. Try to keep up. So, they have vision. Chubani All right. I was hoping for them to chase into one of my allies so I could make a really nice combo, but like this, nope. Just potential come back for them. Oh, actually. Long CC Morgana maxed out her Q. [snorts] Oh. Nice try, Mundo. Got them both. >> Nami is coming. Now she's bought lanes. Fine, okay. If I have my eyes tucked, now it makes more sense to go for net cup. More AP. An ally has been slain. An enemy has been slain. Killing spree. Double kill. Nami is top lane. Your team has destroyed a turret. I would like to just catch someone off. You can let me know if you want to try any unranked she got potential as you can see. An enemy has been slain. Come out, come out wherever you are. This way. unstoppable Are we there yet? An enemy has been Oh, that kick doesn't help me. Don't look back. Shut down. Got the shield off. Both shields together, oops. Your team has destroyed a turret. Your team has destroyed a turret. Your team has destroyed an inhibitor. >> Seems like we can't end yet. We should just back. Okay. Woah. Just done that. The dodge. I lost got an elixir. >> Yeah, we could borrow or just out maneuver them. So, that he buffs are really nice. I hope you enjoyed this. You can like and subscribe. Thanks for watching. I also do coaching for any other champions. So, you can contact me on Discord in the video description. Check out my stream and my other channel as well. Thanks for watching and see you all next time.
