Title: LEE SIN TOP IS THE NEW META.. 1V5 EASIER THAN EVER (NEW BUFFS) - 2026 Lee Sin TOP Gameplay Guide
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bi8BckCLM-A

Content:
All right, guys. Welcome back to another YouTube video. Today, once again, playing some Lee Sin in the top lane again. We're playing Lee Sin today versus the Darius matchup. And for runes, we got Electrocute, Sudden Impact, Taste of Blood, Eyeball Collection, Ravenous Hunter, and Scorch. We're playing Lee Sin with all of the new changes that happened recently. W has got a complete change to the ability. The ultimate also got a change to to the ability, as well. Lee Sin is entirely different from what he used to be like now. The abilities are basically the same, but now you get a shield if you jump towards also believe to the wave. And the cool down is no longer being cut in half. And the ultimate has Well, you can send people flying now, even if they're dead. So, you can actually do way more damage now. Got Darius matchup. Not the Not the worst matchup, but I do have to play really smart. Don't tell me I got to flash that early. I'm going to have to flash it. He took tower tower hit, though. I don't think he ulted. All right, I'm back. >> [snorts] >> Yeah, the early game can be quite a challenge. We can start winning around level three, four. But we have to be really careful like with the way how we approach him. So, we'll see how that's going to go. All right. I'll take my W right here. I'll probably go for He got that perfect grab. Yeah, I'll start playing really aggressive as we hit level four. Maybe level three depends on the wave. Yeah, you guys know I am a massive fan of playing Lee Sin top lane. I've been doing this for a very long time. Seeing all these changes make me really excited because the these changes are exactly what Lee Sin used to be like over 10 years ago. It's what I grew up like playing League with. All those changes they used to exist, but Lee Sin was too OP back in the day. Therefore, they they gave these crazy changes to Lee Sin and now they basically revert all these changes. Uh we've got jungle up here. The problem with this match up is I can fully get close range very easily. They got Jax as their jungle. Ah that's fine. There is one thing I got to change the ward jumping on my on the button that I use. I'm quickly going to do this. Um Why can't I change it? Why not? What have they changed? What? They've been changing something. I can't change it back? Why I cannot ward jump right now? What has League been cooking, man? Why can't I change it to the button I always use it for? Hold on. I can beat him but I need my I need my ward jump on the right button, man. I'll just tower dive, probably. No, never mind. Okay, we got to figure this out after we get back to lane. I always have my ward jumping on C but I cannot put it on C for some reason. I don't know why. Uh Jax is still missing on the map. I might just have to let it bounce into me. I don't know where Jax is right now. I could do like a max range Q here. Yeah, I hit it. Oh man, I wish I could ward jump using my C button, man. I've got I've got to change it all now. Wait, I don't see Jax still. We don't really know. Wait, I got to figure this out. What if I put it on eight and then see? And then I put it on six. Okay, I think I got it. Yeah, I think I got it now. I can war jump again. Nice. They done some changing. You can't uh You have to change every button. Kind of put the same button twice like you used to. And there it is. And the body is sent flying after you after you get the code like that, the body will fly allowing you to deal damage um onto the other targets as well just standing right behind it. And as you can see you now get the shield and it's only half the cool down it used to be. That's a massive change. Trust me. Look at this. It's like the good old days, bro. It's like the good old days. Unbelievable, man. Most people have not even played League in those days, so it's it's crazy. He's trying to cancel my back port. How badly does he want to make me stay? It's a smart choice, though. Okay, he completely canceled my back port. I have too much gold right now that I can't use. Mhm. I got it before he was able to throw uh drop the ultimate down. Nice. Pretty solid, dude. Sometimes the way how you beat Darius is simply to burst a target before he can uh drop the ultimate down. Sometimes that's the answer. Let's push this fast. Nice. And we go back. I'm not going to go for the for the plates. All right. So, we have a double farm. I'm not super like we don't have actual double farm. We have slightly more than this. Let's go for I'm thinking about going for Ravenous Hydra, but also I think Prophet Hydra would be perfect here as well. I think that's what I'm going to do. And we get back. So, a little bit of a story guys about Lee Sin. I've been playing this game now for 16 years. Okay, I'm a very OG player in this game. I've been playing this game for more than half my life. I'm 28 right now and I'm playing it for 16 years, okay? When I started playing this game, my first main to ever exist was Lee Sin. Lee Sin was so so unbelievably strong back then that they had to double the cool down of W and remove the shield if you jump towards and jump to waves and everything. Um So, and then they they they removed that. I think it was around season 4. Which is I think it was season 4 or season 5, which is actually 12 years ago if you think about it or 11. Um That's how long it took for this thing to come back. When that change happened, I didn't main Lee Sin anymore. I felt like the changes were very sad. But yeah, like you can possibly imagine how excited it is for me to have this change back, you know? It feels very good to have it back. It's like I'm playing the old Lee Sin from back in the day. It feels really good. It's like I don't know. It's like pure nostalgia for me right now to like play Lee Sin right now. It just feels like the old one again. You see that? And we got it. Nice. I think I could help out my teammate here. Let's give that a try. Yep, we got a double for that. Let's make it back to the lane. Nice push. I'm I still need to get used to the fact that I can W the wave now. It's so weird I can W the wave now and actually gain my shield. It's very weird to look at. Like I I'm definitely not used to it. I'm still trying to W myself because I think like naturally I think that the only way to get shield is by using it on the on myself, but no, that's not the way anymore. I've got to get used to this. Cuz this opens up completely new play styles. You know, it's going to be entirely different right now. I could literally do this now, get the shield, and then we go in. So yeah, that yeah, it just opens up new ways to play the match, dude. I'm going to see if I can go forward here. Nah, never mind. I think that Jax is top lane right now, so I don't know how much I can do. I'm thinking about building Youbrus in this match as well to snowball the match at like further. I will master the I wish I could like W in more often, but I also know, like, it's not that simple with the Darius matchup. Yeah. I'll stay max range. Maybe hit another Q here. I I could not jump in, unfortunately. Take a free damage. Not bad. Yeah, I don't think I'm going to jump in here. I'm I'm probably I will push. I will push this out for sure. Yeah. Put some more points in my W. And here we go again. Wait, I will try and drop another Q. We we have to hit like two Qs if you want to tower dive, I think. Then then we'll have enough damage. Okay, I'll let the wave flag be in the center, I think. Yeah. No, I don't think I'm going to jump for that, no. Maybe we can tower dive if I uh use my support here. Oh, there's actually a Jax, also. Oh, then that actually lands. Not bad, dude. Really good. Really good. Let's push this out once again. I I don't know if we can jump in, to be honest with you. Uh he needs to auto attack first. Yeah. All right. Nice. Honestly, fantastic start. Can't complain. I would take this. Jump Jump back. I will push and then we probably reset afterwards. Yep. I think Yeah, I'll just go back here. I'm fine. Okay, so the next thing we're going to do is we will start building into uh the Ubi's item. And I think I might sell the potion. No. Okay, I'm I'm going for damage. Yeah, I will go for damage. I'm fine. I was thinking you know, I'll go to city so I can have movement speed. But I think I'm fine without without that. Like I don't need it in right now. Okay, I think I might consider freezing this. Ooh. I got it. Nice. Push this as fast as we can. I'm still really thinking about what do I rather max out like E or W? Like I know that like Lee Sin W max is the meta after you go for Q. However, I do always appreciate the E max for burst damage a lot. And I feel like people underestimate it. Let's go for jungle camps. Very nice. Uh I've got what I was looking for. Stealing the jungle camps. I actually Yeah, I'll just jump away. I'm fine. There's like three people total. Okay. I could rotate bot lane. Like that's also an option. Yeah, I've got the item. Cool. Let's uh let's go back top lane. The only difference from the old version of Lee Sin was that you could also W a ward, for example, or or like actually like shield the wave itself. Um but I don't remember it giving a shield. I I I don't remember at least. Like it looked like it gave the effect of the shield, but it didn't actually like transfer over the shield. So, outside of that, like it looks exactly identical to what Lee Sin used to be like back in the day. It's exactly the same. I could jump across here. I could rotate towards mid lane or bot lane. I think I'm going to give that a try. We could alternatively like keep on snowballing. I have a support that's like following wherever I go. >> [laughter] >> Wait, let me check. I've got a new support. Okay. Uh I'll just sustain back up with my W. The only problem with support chasing me down like this is that I lose all of my XP cuz I'm sharing it basically in other other words. Let me see if I can rotate towards mid lane. I can catch this guy. No, he's running away. Seems like he's pushing the wave out, which I'm fine with. I I could jump on him here. Okay. I'm sharing a lot of with my support right now. Uh My training All right, there's someone here. Fortunately, did not land on me. Uh okay, let's walk away. I think I'll push like maybe one more wave out. I think I might have to ping him away. Sharing too much XP, man. I always have to be really careful. Seems like they're rotating now. They're putting Darius on bot lane. That's actually kind of what I wanted to do. Drake spawns up in 2 seconds. I've got teleport ready. Uh one thing I got to check. Did they reset the the No way, right? No, they did not reset. It's still the same. All right, good. Now, let's go back. The support should not be here. We lost a Drake. This guy has to start rotating more often. Shut down. Where am I needed? Wait, we just wait. I think they'll Yeah. I'm doing so much damage. I just blasted the wave instantly. Hm. Nice. Hahaha. [laughter] >> Wait, what was that? You better close your eyes, man. Like that that was bad. The The idea was good, but I messed up my queue by accident. Don't copy that, man. Don't copy that. Not a good idea. Bad idea. >> [clears throat] >> Okay, I'll go back here. Um I have not been able to get this support out of my path. See, I I'm sharing like constant XP with him. I've been spamming him to go away, but like this guy follows me wherever I go. I can't lose this guy. I could be way further ahead in XP right now, but I literally continue to share XP with him forever. I've been spamming I've been typing to him. I don't know, man. The monks taught me well. >> What happens if I go botlane? Will you follow me botlane then? All right. Let's walk away. I have teleport too. Like I can make a play on the map. I can do like a five versus four play, but if the support continues to follow me down, like we're going to be outnumbered every time I teleport. I'm sharing gold from the tower. All right, he gives me the gold. That's good. That's positive. Okay, I think I might have to just rotate away eventually. I'm just going to take the wave here real fast. I know we're losing a lot on the other lanes. Okay, Jax and Darius are here. It's only them because we can see everybody else on the map. No, we cannot make that jump sadly. I think we'll get our opportunity probably. Walk away. I'm dead, guaranteed. Okay. I need the support to stop following me. I can't I cannot do anything. I cannot use teleport. I can't use it. I want to split push and then teleport to my team, make my team group, and then make a play, but this guy is following me so much, bro. Oh, man. Um we are 400 away from Sunderer's Sky. The thing is I'm looking at their team comp and they're like mostly AD, so what I'm thinking about doing is maybe go like Death's Dance first and then we go like Sunderer's Sky after. Um I I think I'm going to go Sunderer's Sky um first and then we go Sunderer's I mean Death's Dance first and then we go Sunderer's Sky afterwards. It's just better. It's going to be more optimal. I'm on my way. Uh we we could make a play. It just entirely depends. No. We'll see if I can farm it. I I missed that queue? Oh, that's so sad, actually. Oh. I'm maxing W and that's why I'm so strong right now. And then on top of that, we also have my support that's making all of the difference, man. I missed my queue again, which is bad, straight up. Uh I need somewhere to teleport to, just anywhere. Yeah, we got Drake. Nice. Some random teleport. I think Yeah, it's actually the the mid lane. Very nice. Okay, we we've got the distance right now. This exactly what we needed, so we'll go back. Nice. And now we start building the Sundered Sky, which we still need to get. And I'm also thinking about going for the endless item, which is going to lower my cool down from every ability I have by like a massive amount. An ally has been slain. An enemy has been slain. He's dodging every queue I'm throwing at this guy. He's strong. I flashed it. Smart. This Darius remains very strong. There's not so much I can do about it. I'll uh try and heal off of the wave here. I think they're going to be all top lane, guys. Mhm, maybe not yet. Nice. Thank you. Again, we've got another amazing play out of that. Always throw old first and queue after. This way you can't really lose your queue. Are you serious? I was going to get the tower, bro. Keep going. I think the enemy team is on the way soon. Yeah. Ah, we can keep going. I think we're fine. What an amazing play, bro. That was incredible, man. All right, we've got Thunder's Sky. That's good news. We keep going. I'm going to go for the endless item right now. You guys saying that you're seeing people like max out Eve like first? Yes. I've done that. I've done that a lot. That's definitely super viable. Absolutely. That's a super viable option to do as well. Into Camille's match up, it's kind of a challenge though. More jungle camps. All right. Oh, I was not supposed to. Oh, I I I could technically make that jump, but like it's not like a really good plan. 1,000 damage. Look how much damage we already have. Look at our AD right now, guys. Look at that. We have over 400 AD cuz of my item. Drake is coming up in 45 seconds, which I'm totally ready for. Okay, they definitely know. I'm missing all my cues, guys. >> We'll hit a queue eventually, man. Just give it some time. Yeah, Drake is available. Once again, bro. Dude, we are destroying at this match, like It's great. And my jungler will get the Drake, too. Mhm. Does not take the risk, which makes sense, of course. He's farming up until I get my next item. Let's pick up the camp here. Nice. I cannot make the jump. Uh, did not go according to my plan. Super sad because I'll tell you my plan. Um, what my plan was I was going to queue I was going to queue the target W across, and then cast my ultimate and then Q back across the wall. So, I was going to start with Q and end with my Q. And then change direction of the target that I was going to jump on. That way I could disengage out of the fight using a target. Would have been really cool if I could have made that work, man. But, I got CC'd like halfway in the combo. So, yeah, did not go according to the plan. You guys saying you're surprised they did not surrender the match yet? I'm I'm kind of surprised too, actually. I'm kind of surprised too, man. Like if there's like a Lee Sin running around with like 20 kills, like I don't know. Like I I would not be having fun. That's for sure. I need one auto attack. That's it. Well, that's just messed up. Very nice. Another one. We could technically go Baron, yeah. We should go Baron, actually. Mhm. I think it's just a matter of connecting Q. Let's wait for the opportunity, man. Yes, I think that Baron's going to be the call right now. They will get blue buff, which I'm sad about, but we will get Baron in in return for it, so it's all right. Yeah, look at this. Very nice. Come on. I need one Q. Yeah, there you go. Okay, we've got the endless item. Good news. I need tower, too. I'll teleport so I can fix mid lane. I'm fine. I think I think we could chase this. No, did he run all the way back? I think he did. Yeah. Very close to my next item. We won't need that Drake, yeah. Yeah, okay. So, we are you wouldn't believe it, but we are currently 400 gold away from getting my next item. It's actually the dude, it's actually kind of sad. I will admit. Got to prior the Drake here. Got to prioritize the Drake right now. This Drake is going to make a difference. Yeah. This will make the match more playable. In the very and very late game. We're already in late game, but this will make it better. Yeah. I'm very close to getting my last item. It's It's going to make a big difference, man. I promise you it's going to make a big difference. I'm very slow. I don't have a lot of movement speed. Yeah, 200 gold and then I'm basically maxed out. Wait, where's where what? The the body didn't move at all after I cast the R button. Which is very weird. The The was blocking it. I just got to connect a single queue, man. That's what I'm trying to do at least the entire time. Yep. Very good. Wow, they Okay, they played that really well. Not bad, dude. Not bad. Okay, we have now basically more than 600 AD if we can proc my item. So, we just got to proc my item one single time. That's it. So, that's what we're going to try and focus on. Just got to proc it one single time, 600 AD. I think we're going to have to round like 620 or 630, I think. Uh we'll see. Anyway, it's going to be a lot of damage. My AD carry should not have gone in there. I think the game is over. Maybe not. Depends on how long Swain can survive for. To be honest with you, I don't know if there's much we can do. I think we might lose here. I missed my cue. Yep, we have 648 AD right now, bro. Look how much AD we have right now. That's a lot, dude. I think we can run into their base. Yeah, let's keep going. Mhm. I think I can tell where I am. I think they were able to tell at least. Yeah. Not bad. I'm done. No! My cue, it connected to the wave. No, it didn't connect to the AD carry. I could have had it. No, okay. It's fine. Dude, it was going to be such a good play. No. No way, dude. No way. Impossible to believe. Doesn't the jungle win against AD carry? >> Cuz I feel like I feel like my jungle would. I'm reconsidering maybe selling this item so I can go for the the GA item. I think it might be the better option for me cuz then I'll have like armor and less ability haste, but I already have more than enough anyways. Now I have some more like now I have more survivability which I think is going to be well worth. I shall not repeat that mistake. >> [screaming] >> Yeah, I don't know if this will work. We'll find out. Shut down. An enemy has been slain. Oh, they can't stop them. Your team has destroyed an inhibitor. Okay, they actually dude, okay, we win. Hey, this is Leesin Top Lane. Thank you so much for watching today's Leesin Top Lane video and I'll see you guys next time. Peace.
