Title: Riot just made the biggest update in League of Legends history (WASD MOVEMENT IS HERE)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndsZb8NlA7U

Content:
All right, everybody. Welcome back to another video. Today, we are playing one of the largest changes in League of Legends history. They now have WD movement. You don't have to click to move anymore. This is supposed to help newer players on board the game. And this is going to be interesting to test out and play. Here's the the settings if you want to look at it. I actually was only I only needed to move W onto my mouse and then my flash is on space bar. But yeah, this is really weird. They have this new lock camera setting which is nice that follows your mouse around but for some reason I got to click the abilities to level up. I couldn't find the binding to use my control. But yeah, this is apparently going to make the ADC roll super broken because you can move and auto at the same time. It'll perfectly kite. I don't know if anything else is going to be that good, but I think just ADC might be the best for it. So, I put a little indicator on the screen so you could see me move with my keys. I don't believe there's an attack move. You have to either hold down right click on the target or you have to click it each time. You can't click near it to auto. At least I don't think so. Let's poke with some rockets or push. So weird. I'm not even last hitting that good. I think it's cuz I never play with lock cam. So I'm not even used to the screen moving when I move. So I put this ability on my mouse. So, I'm moving and autoing perfectly. Yeah, I probably got one or two extra autos there than I normally would have just cuz I can keep walking forward and attacking. See, normally my items on space bar, so I'm going to click those. This is cool. I really wish they'd add like controller support, but I guess it'd be hard to use the cursor. Push. Look at me, guys. I'm a WASD player. Wait, what happened to the cannon? I think Lulu got it. I don't want a base yet. I don't really have anything. See? Oh, I can't ping cuz I put my left click on my ability. So, it's going to use that every time I left click. Who needs ping? I put my trinket on something, though. My trinkets's on my mouse. I guess we'll base. will be at a disadvantage. I suppose we get boots. Maybe boots and a coal. Yeah, everyone's trying to figure out how to use this. It is optional though. You're not forced to use this. But look, I can There's like no turn delay. You can instantly go another direction, which is kind of busted. I think for people who play um ADC, maybe you'd be worried that this will take over your role. But I think any other role, I don't think uh this will be better than just using your regular mouse clicking that you're used to. They might nerf it specifically for ADC if it's too OP. I'm hit. This didn't take that much damage. I'm trying to auto there and it's like glitching out. I'm sleeping. That was a long CC. Not bad. I can't wait till I have more attack speed, but man, I am uh not playing that well. But this is it's really hard to get used to. Been playing the other way for over 15 years. It's like I'm playing swarm now. >> Oh, she's so low. Oh my god. I'm going to flash auto. What am I doing? I'm not fast enough. Please. Okay. Oh, I got caught in the minions. I think it like glitched out on the minions, but there we go. My first two kills with WSDers. Oh, wait. I can't get a BF sword. I don't have enough. >> You go wild arrows. Yeah, Vain would be a little weird with the tumble. >> An ally has >> I think if you bound it to your mouse and that'd be fine. >> But if you have to let go of W or D to use your tumble, then it wouldn't really work that well, I think. >> I dare you. >> This guy full. Oh my god. I can't tell if he's full HP or not. All right, let's stack up the lethal tempo. >> Worth an enemy. >> My R is still on my R key. >> You somewhere else entirely. >> I couldn't show it on the overlay though. But yeah, my thoughts on this, I'm fine with this. I actually like it as long as it's not doesn't ever become like the norm to play instead of the regular way cuz anything to help get new people to play is good. just spamming rockets. Oh, so close. I feel like I'm not as good at dodging spells cuz I am just eating those Zoey bubbles. >> Oh my gosh. I live. >> Well, I tried. >> I hit that. I walked into the bubble again. >> It's okay. I got some autos. I'm dead. >> Wait a second. Kite, kite, kite. I'm kiting mom. Look. Okay. Okay, wait a second. That was really easy to kite. [Music] >> I like to push away before going. She's out of mana. I think the more attack speed I get, the more broken this is going to be. So attack speed we shall >> this this is there something I could do with this skin to change I must have unbound my control button because it doesn't it's doing a missing My control doesn't really work with the stuff it worked with before. Ooh, >> look at me move. I'm going to try playing with my main Zerith after this. I have a feeling it's not going to be fun, but got to try it out. It'll be cool at least. I'm stuck. Oh, creep block is going to be super annoying with this. I mean, I just kind of held down right click and cleared that whole wave. I guess you could do that normally, but I I wouldn't be able to move like I am. You'd have to stand still if you were going to do that normally. I'm getting the hang of this. >> I feel like it doesn't cancel your autos, which is kind of the OP part. scared to go under turret. Is he low? I don't even know. I'm scared to even shoot my alt like that. >> Yeah, I think you have to play with lock camera like this. I don't see how you could play it without it. I mean, maybe. Is there a setting? >> I mean, I have to >> I don't even want to try. All right, we have yall. Let me go base. Wait, here. I was testing it in practice tool. Here's the keybinds I decided to set up. I don't have enough for this. Oh, we'll go a with zeal item. I just want to attack fast. What if I go rune in second? Yeah, actually I will cuz then I'll just hit everything. >> An ally has been slain. [Music] I got to hold my abil my keyboard down to walk to lane. I can't just click and go AFK. Ow. Oh no. >> I don't like that there's a Jin on the other side of us. He could al Damn it. Where's my cannon? Hey, I got the dragon and the nocturn. That was a good polymorph. It worked. Or who's somebody I could kite? Urgot. I have six kills. When did I get six kills? >> So, holding it down and moving works, but I think you attack a little bit faster if you spam click. I'm not 100% sure. In practice tool, it was doing that. Yeah, it is. Unless my attack speed just ran out. I think it did. I'm so dead. >> I tried flashing, but it was too late. Um, yeah, let's get a run in. Then we just hit everybody. How much do I need? If Guy's dead too. >> I guess I'll go bot. I don't know if my alt kills her. little weirdo. >> I don't know why I'm moving my mouse away like I'm actually kiting the other way. What? Dude, I saw a flower here and it's just gone. There's a red buff. I don't know why, but it feels like a chore now to just walk over to get stuff and go to lane. I don't like this. I have my runins, but I really want to fight. I mean, I'm just going to go grab it. It's a big buy. I think we go IE next. Is call worth selling for crit cloak. Well, I have a Karma and a Lulu, so they'll keep me alive. I just got a kite, which the game does for me now. Wake me up. Oh, I crit. I got a crit. >> Scripting. That has a bad ward. >> My god. >> Come here. >> Dude, I can just run at him. >> I need my teammates. Where's my Oh god. This guy's eating the bubbles now instead of me. Oh, I couldn't get around the wall there cuz the movement's weird. I mean, dude, auto attacking definitely is way more broken. Everything else is a lot more difficult. >> Hit the bullet. >> I'm just fighting. I don't care. I'm literally just like, look at this. Oh my god. Yo, look. >> Oh my god. Look at my Yo, perfect kiting. And I'm not even doing I would not be able to do that without these controls. I guarantee you. I got so many auto attacks off there while I was just running away like Okay, that that was a good example of this movement. That's kind of crazy in team fights. Dude, I think I just kind of want to just build more attack speed cuz I'll kill them too fast with this. All right, for science, I'm just going to do a full attack speed build because the faster I attack, the more broken it's going to look. Kalista. Yeah, Kalista would be a good one to Wonder how that'd work though with her jump. It might not be might not feel that great, but we'll see. work. >> I'm just like, normally if I was kiting in a team fight, I'd have to click and like press so many different buttons. I was holding down my mouse. I was holding down like uh W and D. I literally clicked like once and got a quadrakill. I didn't do We How are there gin traps everywhere? >> Yeah, it keeps auto attacking while you're moving. All you have to do is have your mouse over the target. That's it. I can go get another item. What was that? If we kill the tower, I get a reset. Turbo mode. I feel like I have extra attack range. Why am I so slow though? I should be I need ghost. Oh my god, that went through me. >> That one went through me. Yeah, I turned off the auto attack. It's They said turn this off, which I didn't notice it really make any difference. I don't know. Um, what gives a lot of attack speed? How about a ragelade? >> Your team has destroyed a turret. >> This does have its downsides, dude. I feel like I am going to run people over playing who play like this and I'm playing Zerith because I'm going to be able to hit them and they're not even going to see where it's coming from. And I think it's harder to dodge like this. Like just the kiting parts are broken thing. Oh, if I had my support, I think they got zoned off by Landre. But you saw at the end there, I was just like I almost killed Noturn. By the way, I'm not even like I don't have a high damage build. I'm fed. Okay, I'm 20 kill fed, so I guess I would have a high damage build cuz I have so much money compared to them. But I'm I just built attack speed for the walls. Like I if I had Infinity Edge, I could just pentacill them and kill them over and over again. But it's more fun when we attack really fast. Kog'ma is going to be disgusting with this. I think Jinx is a good example to do, too. I could try Kalista. It depending on how the movement works cuz like she dashes every time she autos. You would only be able to go in eight different directions. Yeah. I don't think the dodging I don't know anybody who said anything about dodging, but people complaining that this is going to be kill league is stupid. It's not that broken, but I don't know the auto attacking though. Like I am I am I don't even use attack moves. So like I'm a terrible auto attacker. That's why I play mages. But this gives me challenger level auto attack kiting in fights. Like can't see. I hate lock screen. Oh, this is good. I'm too fast. >> See, like, look at this. I guess I was attacking so fast that I couldn't even move. >> What if I had more move speed? Does it look like if I spam AD really quick to move back and forth? I'll show you. Like this, like it's instant. It's instant moving. Yeah, maybe if I have too much attack speed, I can't move anymore. That actually is the case here almost. But I could just stop auto attacking so I could move more. I'm just kind of playing it brain dead, holding it down. Where are they? Are they on Baron? >> Why did I attack that when I didn't even have vision of it? behind me. >> Oh, how did I get put to sleep? >> Damn it. I could have got some resets. >> Oh my god. I was like, where's my R button? >> I have life steal if I could hit some minions. Somebody's dying over here. I think >> an ally has been slain. [Music] Oh my god, dude. What is this? >> Oh, I died. I walked into it. I could have dodged. Maybe we do one more fight. Maybe they don't end. Your team has destroyed a turret. >> I cast my W. I put it on my my left click. So, but like if you were to click on a minion or champion to see their stats, that's what it is. >> Your team has destroyed. >> So, my Q is the same, my E is the same, my R is the same. >> Destroyed a turret. I >> actually don't feel that bad, but I'm playing something easy like Jinx. Like if it was a I might have to change my bindings for Zerith cuz I'll have to put more stuff on my mouse because as soon as you you take your fingers off your movement to cast a spell, not good. Oh yeah. What happens if I get a pentacill with this skin? And we could try. We got one more attempt for a pentacill. If I get it, I get it. If I don't, I don't. Really just got to watch out for the Landre alt in the Zoey bubble. >> There's my Lulu. Look at this kiting. Oh. Oh my god. Penta. There it is. I pressed like three buttons to rid that penta. >> That's crazy. My frames are getting killed. What the hell happened to my frames, bro? Oh my god. My frames just kept going down and down. Okay. Yeah, it does look like scripting in the fights. That's insane. But yeah, let me know your thoughts. My computer is starting to freeze. The client's just being the client, I think. Yeah, ADC so far kind of broken. Let me know. Like, comment, subscribe. I'll definitely upload some more videos on this. We'll do some testing.
