Title: How to Track Summoner Spells like KERIA (PRO Guide)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddsj2byUynI

Content:
You have probably seen a lot of challenger supports spamming these numbers in the chat. This is how you track summoner spells and today I'm going to show you how to do it and also I'm going to show you a game play from Keria on how he uses it in solo queue to win his games. Tracking summoners is one of the most important jobs that a support has to do. And if you are emerald plus and you are looking to really take the game seriously and you want to climb let's say you want to reach master you want to reach challenger then I highly recommend you to start tracking sams also this is mandatory if you are going to compete if you are going to compete in a semi-professional professional and m level you need to know how to track summoners it's the most important job or one of the most important jobs that supports have and it gives a lot of value that we are going to see just in a bit and also if you're playing solo queue and you are tracking summoners, everyone in the team is going to say, "Oh, this guy is really try hard. He really wants to win." And it sets up the mood for your team and everyone will play a bit more try hard. They will see that you are trying very hard. You are here to communicate to give good relevant information and then you have higher chances to win in solo cube. Why is it so important to track someone spec? Because it gives you so many more windows of opportunity to make plays. If you know someone doesn't have flash or doesn't have cleanse, you can make plays on them that usually you might doubt if they are going to work out. But if definitely they don't have a summoner, it's way easier to kill. Especially mid laners and AD carries that are very mobile. For example, if you see them stepping on a wave that they cannot be contesting, you can be very explosive with your engage or your teammates can punish that and you can get easy kills in Midame, which allows you to snowball the game and get bigger advantages. Before we start with the explanation, what are we tracking? Which summoners are we tracking? Are we tracking everything? No. We are going to track two important summoners, which are going to be Flash and Cleanse. Those are the two most important summoners to track. Now, if you are playing laning phase and you want to take it to the next level, you could track the enemy heal, enemy exhaust, and enemy ignite barrier for the first minutes of the game, then you just want to make sure that you are just tracking consistently the flashes and also the cleanse. Let's talk about the cooldown timer. We are getting there now. Flash has 5 minute cooldown timer while cleanse, exhaust, heal, and ghost has 4 minutes. Ignite and barrier has 3 minutes cool down timer. But this changes, right? This changes if the enemy team has cosmic inside or lucidity boots. If they have lucidity boots, they get reduced and if they have cosmic, they have reduced. Also, if they have both, it gets more reduced. Now, what you want to do and something that didn't work before is that you want to press tab in the game to check what is the enemy cooldown. Before you didn't have the cooldown updated, you will have to know if they have cosmic in runes or not. But now, Riot makes it very simple for us to track summoners. That's why also I'm doing this guide because everyone can do it. You just press tap, look at the cooldown. If it's 5 minutes, you time 5 minutes. If it's less, you time less. All right, here we are. Timing SAS is super simple, guys. I'm going to make it as best as possible and short as possible. So, let's start. Now, let's imagine this is the chat. I mean, this is the chat in the practice tool, but in game, you want to understand the three key factors about timing sums. First of all, let's type a message. Coach K is the best. Now, I type this message right now. Before pressing enter, I want to select the message to copy it. So, you want to press Ctrl A, I select it. Ctrl C, you copy and Ctrl +V, you paste. So, I press escape to delete the message. And now I press enter. And now I have it there. Coach K is the best. Okay. So that's what you want to do to time summoners. That's what I do to time summoners. Now let's say the enemy Jinx flashed at 2 minutes five. All right, she flashed at 2 minutes 5. Now she has a 5m minute cool down. I will check with tab. I will press tab. Now no one is here. But I will see. Okay, enemy Jinx has no cooldown reduction. As you see here, I do have cosmic. So it appears at 254 54 seconds. If Jinx doesn't have it and she fl that to 05, I would say 7 minutes ad carry. Okay, you can say 7 minutes space ad carry. You can do however you want. And after that, I will control A, Ctrl + C, and then I will have it. Now, what's important to know is that you want to time the most recent summoners. At least that's my preference. Let me explain. Let's say the enemy Sona flashes at 4 minutes. Now see if Sona flashes at 4 minutes and she has cosmic then I will say okay I will time 410 so 810 810 support and then I will paste my old paste that I had the old message I had ctrl arr c enter and then I will have it again now why is it important to do the most recent because I like to do it this way so I can just copy and delete the ones that are expiring right let's say right now it's Minute 7. I'm already going to paste it and I'm going to delete the other one. Let's say the enemy millenner classes at 10 minutes, 5 minute cool down, 15 minute. I paste this one. We are at 9 minutes in the game. I'm not going to paste the super one. I'm just going to I'm just going to do like this. And I already have one. Now, sometimes you will have very long messages. Let's say you want to time the cleanse. You could say is 4 minutes. AD carry flashed at 14 minutes. 18 cleanse and then you go like this. Now you know what this means. So if you are playing in voice with your friends or in a team you can communicate no cleanse this guy, no flash this guy. Now in solo Q people will have you muted. People will not read the chat. You know right you know who has not flash and who has no cleanse and who has not whatever. Now this makes you and this allows you to make proactive plays and also call and lead a bit more your teammates for or towards really good plays what can that can help you win solo Q. So a fast rundown it's going to be uh you want to press Ctrl+ A Ctrl Ctrl + V check with tab the cooldown timer let's say 20 to top 21 mid control arr Ctrl + V now something that I want to add up add up a bonus uh pro tip I will say is don't try to be too specific right always take 5 seconds maybe 10 seconds of the timer to make sure that you create some space between like when he flashed And when he gets the flash back, let's say he flashes at 7:35 and it's a 5 minute cool down, then I'm going to do 12:30, not 1235 AD carry. It's too specific. If you want to go very specific, you can. But I will just go for even numbers that are very easy. I will not go for a 1238. It's a bit too messy for me. But if you want to do it, you can. But this is the way I do it. just make it sure that you understand and you can communicate well with your teammates. What's the difference between Keria and the rest of the supers that usually time sums my case as well is that when I watch Keria, he does it with a bigger purpose. He just goes in and tries to punish everyone that has no flash. If someone has no mobility and they have no flash, he's like a shark. I said it's like a shark. When you see him, look at him again. He sees the Varus overextended. Of course, he's overextended. An easy kill, right? Bard comes from the river. Jin has the ultimate as well. It's going to be an easy kill. He has no flash. I'm watching him and I'm saying, "Okay, he's just punishing people overextended. Of course, he knows what flash was not flash." Not not of a big not a big deal. But the more I watched him, the more I watched him play. And there's a play just in a couple of seconds ago that you are going to watch where it's definitely on purpose but like he's looking for everything every single time. Here for example, this is beautiful. If you guys see on the mini map, Varys is going to push this wave right now. He still has no flash. We are going to click on Vus right now. 54 seconds for his flash. And the play that is right now I'm going to play it that right now is going to happen is not possible to do if you know that the enemy Varus has flash or ultimate I would say. So probably he's tracking both. He's tracking the flash and the ultimate. He just takes the portal and starts auto attacking. Holds the queue as long as possible and then they end up getting the kill on Varys. So he killed Varys three times when his flash cool down was coming up in two minutes and a half. So he punished every single time that he could. And I'm going to show you an example where it's very clear that he's looking just looking for this. His entire game plan is making sure that anyone that has no flash, he gets punished in solo queue. This is the play where I realize that he's for sure doing it like just because he has no flash there. He's going for the Varus all the time. Now you can see that Varyus lost the flash in the last play. So he has no flash for 4 minutes. And now Keria is coming out of base. Now Vus here might keep pushing and keep going. Now look at Keria. He just comes out. He takes his uh passive and now he starts spam pinging where the virus is. You hear that? Pam pam. That's that someone is tracking a summoner right when you click here is in Spanish, but you will see I'll translate for you guys is pinging varus no flash. Varus no flash because he flashed before in the other play that we didn't see but he flashed in mid lane like a few seconds ago. So he's actively looking for the enemies that have no mobility that have no flash to be punishing them. So one of the main distinctions about Kerry and other supports is that okay it's nice to have the information this guy has no flash this guy no flash and you can give the info but he uses the info to take it to another level to look for his own windows of opportunity and to drag his teammates towards these people that or these players that have no ss to punish them and that's how he wins a lot of his solo games like he gets a lot of leads and can snowball snowball. So if you're playing engaged champions, it's really easy to do because you you are the engage. So you know who has flash or not and you can force this type of plays. So this is a really good tip for you guys that play or B or Leona, Nautilus, these type of champs and you struggle climbing with engage. I would highly recommend you to be more proactive and look for this type of plays because they are very easy because also in your ELO people overextend a lot in my ELO that's already master plus they overextend a lot. So imagine right they're all always going to overextend and you can punish them way harder.
