Title: THE ONLY VEIGAR GUIDE YOU NEED - HOW TO PLAY VEIGAR MID | Best Build & Runes | League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7aVZcys8SHo

Content:
what's black and blue and is about to show you the definition of pain. I will swallow your soul. >> What's up guys? Sardo here and today I'm going to show you how to play Vega on the mid lane with the best but runes and I'm going to provide you tips that will help you in playing him better. We are playing against Akali. And let's get to Vagar's skill explanation. So, the most important thing to know about Vagar is the fact that thanks to his passive and Q, he can stack ability power infinitely. So, let's talk about how to stack Vaggar's passive. Whenever your Q kills an EB, like a minion, for example, you gain one stack of your passive, which equals one ability power, and this value triples if you kill a large cannon minion or a large jungle monster, giving you three ability power instead of one. Your Q can hit up to two targets. So to maximize your stacking, try to set up two low HP minions and last hit them both with a single Q. There's also a more advanced technique on the lane. You can line up a low HP minion with an AB champion. And if you last hit the minion and hit the enemy with the same queue like this, you'll gain a stack from the kill on minion and another one just for hitting the enemy champion while applying some pressure with poke. Depending on the matchup, you want to go with W second or E. If you play against assassins with a decent engage level two, I recommend taking E because that way you're going to disengage against someone with a good pushing power. Take W second and you have to use W on minions to be able to keep up with the wave, especially early game. So, if I E like this, as you can see, my LB immediately got stunned. Hard match up, by the way. It's good. I be able to show you. It's also possible to do Q flash and it's a bit faster. On top of that, every time you get a killer and assist, you instantly gain five stacks of your passive, which equals five extra ability power. So, in total, there are three ways to gain stacks. killing enemies with your abilities. Hitting enemy champions with abilities and getting takedowns, which means getting kills or assists. Knowing this while stacking efficiently makes the biggest difference between an average and a good vagger player. First, we get in blasting wand and we're going to build road of ages. That will help against a you want to max Q first. As for the E, Vagger summons a cage at the target location that forms after 0.5 second delay, remaining for 3 seconds in that place. Her bees that collide with the edge of the cage are stunned for a duration of 1.5 seconds up to 2.5 seconds at max rank of this ability. This stunt can affect the same enemy only once per cage, which means if they happen to collide with an edge of the same E again, they won't get stunned. As you could see when I placed my E so that it actually could apply to my LB faster I got the stun. Whereas if you just press the E around you it's not going to work because if the B is within that area and they do not touch the edge of the circle then this enemy won't get affected by anything. You can use this ability defensively to peel for yourself, offensively to catch a beast out, or strategically to zone enemies during team fights. While for offensive use, you mainly need to keep in mind that it takes 0.5 seconds to form the E. So, you have to predict the enemy movement. In order to maximize the effectiveness of your E defensively, you need to place your E in a smart way so that when it forms, the edge is going to be closer to your enemy immediately, making them accidentally collide with it and get stunned. As for W, you summon a dark matter from the sky in the target location, dealing magic damage after 1.2 seconds delay. This ability has a great synergy with E since the stun of E allows your W to land before your ED can react. Choose it's best to use E plus W combo. If you happen to cast W without your E, you should locate it in the place where you're expecting your enemy to be within the next second using movement or flash prediction. And now we can try something avoiding the W. W deals a lot of damage, hence why it has the delay. And it's worth knowing that every 50 stacks of your passive. The cooldown of W is reduced by 10%. Which means you'll be able to spam it late game. With crazy amount of AP combined with your passive and items, you can even one-shot squishies just with the use of W. It's also worth knowing that W grants vision before landing in the target area. So you can use W in bush to review potential EBS without having to face check. You can also use W to put down minions to low HP and just Q. Just remember that later. You shouldn't use W on caster minions because you're going to lose stacks as these caster minions will simply die to a single W cast. play it with first strike because it's going to be so worth it later with great amount of ability power and we're going to get extra gold for items. Then as for ultimate, it's an autotarget ability that does magic damage and it deals more damage based on enemies missing health, which means that you should be using this ability as a finisher of your combo. The damage is maximized against below 33% HP. So, I recommend casting ultimate at beies below that HP percentage threshold. Also, keep in mind that if you lose vision on the target while casting ultimate, the ability won't finish landing. So, when chasing an enemy entering the bush, that is not worth it. Try to provide vision for yourself first. Knowing how all vagger's abilities work, your main combo to delete enemies should be EWQ and O when the enemy is low on HP. So it can be a finisher if you just randomly out high HP enab movement. Watch this. I'm going to bait this Akali for these two red shots and she's going to return with the E. Nice calculated. I do shoot. If I intentionally put myself on lower HP, >> I want to stay with such health. Have to back. >> I smell death. It's important to keep that E defensively in many scenarios. This is your only defensive ability. >> The magic me. >> As for W, when you cast it, there's a delay. And usually it's best to cast W right after apply E because during E the enemy stunt and that's the perfect time for it to effectively apply. And let's keep stacking. If you can hold the wave, there's no need to press W. You just leave more minions to last hit and get more AP. So Vagar is kind of an AP Nasus on the mid lane. As you can see, the stun is not instant. And when the caged in fury form, my enemy was able to pass through. >> An ally has been slain. >> It's also great if your ally applies some CC first and then you just eat easier stun. And look, we've got extra 100 AP already. Oh, we're going to have to deal with feta. is actually 9 to2. So I prepared this minion. Now we just auto both and we kill. You have to get used to the damage of the Q. And we going to max W second. Every 50 stacks of your passive, the cooldown of your W is reduced by 10%. This is quite OP. It's just 5 seconds. And in team fights, this is amazing. Also for taking objectives like Baron, you can do it quickly. shut down. >> We have to put her down to low HP. I got her with W. So try to predict enemy movement with W. And you can sometimes make enemies walk in a certain place if you just zone them away with W cast. So you can be smart with it in a team fight. If they pay attention, we won't dodge. [Music] >> Flash. Okay, not bad. I can actually just get World of Ages. She's 02. and magic pen boots, of course. Next, we're going to get that cup because it has an amazing synergy with your passive. As you get more AP, the value of that cap is even greater. >> And look, I place like this. Well, extra health made a difference as you can see. >> It's also fine to take some magic resist in this matchup. An >> ally has been slain. The only Vaggar's weakness is the fact that he has no escapes and he's squishy, but with proper positioning, you're good to go. He has pretty low cooldowns and a lot of damage. If you have front line, that's great. This game we don't really have >> three stacks. Thanks, She's baiting me for old. Like, yeah, this is an ADC that can simply avoid my ult. But I can just quickly apply right after stunning. >> Okay. Force her flash just like that. An ally has been slain. An enemy has been slain. Enemy rampage. >> Oh, she's making a deep recall. >> Your turret has been destroyed. >> We can win this. I'm going to show you. I smell death. Oh, he's doing it. Like obviously he was doing it. I don't have follow up. >> Got him. Nice blue buff. Yeah, let's do this. Why? Oh, I didn't even need my old. Wow, the damage. Actually, silas dot a lot. And if you got time, you can also try to last hit with Q for extra stacks. Wow, they had voids. And Akali was actually able to push so fast again. >> It's okay. >> An ally has been slain. >> Yeah, use Rift. That's why I'm not roaming bot now. Destroyed. Your team has destroyed a turret. >> You can W beneath yourself. Just in this case, it's not the timing. An ally has been slain. >> You can try to save your ally with V. Oh, she had tenacity. Like the CC was way too short and that was like she has right reach red for sure countered. Oh, I thought they going to finish this off faster and then I was like maybe I have to bury. I didn't want to die in a stupid way. We've also got Kale. We'll see if she's good at casting note. So, this game is also good to take an hourglass. We have good amount of ability power anyway. And we can delay that cap. And if you get magi stacks, you get extra speed. That's really good. Oh, do the combo quickly and it's fine. Oh, nice. We actually have extra synergy with Morana. And now we get the dragon. If you want to push quickly, you don't have to leave this caster minions without W. You can just W. Losing few stacks is fine. You can sometimes E if you can see the enemy jungler so that they cannot steal dragon. That also matters. Just in this case, I knew mastery wasn't around. Oh, that love it. He even wasted flash cuz he thought he has the chance. >> Okay, let's back. I'm actually getting me this game. We need vision there. >> Your commands tire me. >> I try without an hourglass. So caster minions now can be killed with just the queue and you get free stacks. An ally has been slain. >> Now we won't be able to stop them. There is mastery as well. >> Vagar can actually deal a lot of damage with his autos. >> Destroyed a turret. Double kill. All right, Twitch got this. >> Isn't there as well? >> It's me. >> Okay, we've got Sarah. I shouldn't get caught like that. I've actually rushed my E. I should have kept it. >> We can still win. We also got Kale. We have great late game. Silas wish. >> Let's play for objectives. >> See, I'm preparing stacks like this. You can avoid face checks with your Q. Man's tire me. The Zia is asking for it. One simple E can make them burn Saber if they just want to deal a lot of damage like on Naram. I'm intentionally not casting W for now. I want these STS. How will the attack? >> Why? An enemy is unstoppable. >> Surprise. Oh, he's dead. >> In both ways, he was dead. Nice. This is the comeback. We can dragon. Actually, Silas died, but I don't think Sarafin is able to steal. Now W deals more damage so we can use it as smite. See the cool down just 3 seconds. An >> ally has been slain. >> And we can just last it with the Q to be efficient. We could also go Baron. >> I left that wave for Silas. >> And let's go for void stuff. It comes to me. >> Oh, that didn't connect. You should be looking for traps as vagar instead of going open space on the mid lane. It's better if enemies face check and you have a guaranteed kill. >> So let's set up vision on baron. It's only a short >> can't get closer to finish him off because Ya would have just Oh, it be actually Kale was around so maybe it would be fine. >> Ah, this fight got pretty chaotic, but the he disengage done his job. An enemy has been slain. and Baron. See our late game potential. Let's do it. If Zia comes, I can just zone her wave with me. Try to do it in your games. Good blue trinket. suffering a >> already so much AP efficient stacking pays off and now it's so easy to get stacks. >> Let's group. >> I'll give it back. Promise. that. So W beneath yourself as last resort if the enemy flashes >> and if you're not playing with an hourglass because feel free to do so it's good. An hourglass itself grants good amount of AP too. Nope. countered. >> Sneaky, sneaky. >> And they wanted to FF. We got this. The damage is crazy. You can sometimes flash too >> with, but I don't recommend Charlie. >> Your team has just back. Your team has destroyed a turret. >> We're good to go like this. There's first try like late game is inside. Go back. We doing Drake. Now look how much damage W actually does. I'm not casting E because E is pretty far away. Let me know in the comments what do you think. And I also do coaching for Veagger and other champions. So, if you're interested, you can contact me on Discord in the video description, and you can check out my stream as well. All right, so thanks for watching. I hope that you enjoyed and that you learned something on how to play Vagar for this Vagar guide. If you found this helpful, you can like and subscribe. Let me know in the comments what guide would you like next or what do you think. And thanks for watching. See you next time.
