Title: 3 Minute Viego Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kxk0IQANys8

Content:
Why play Viego mid? Well, he just deals massive damage. He's an amazing resetting team fighter. He's a manalless champion and his lockdown is actually pretty solid. However, he can get bullied by some laners and he is weaker early needing time to scale. Viego's passive is whenever he gets an enemy champion takedown, he leaves a mist of them behind. If he attacks this, he then possesses them, healing himself a good chunk. For the next 10 seconds, he then takes over that champion, getting all their basic attacks, abilities, items, and stats. He also gains a free cast of his ultimate and gains bonus movement speed while moving toward an enemy champion. And when he uses his alt, he goes back to Viego. Viego's Q has a passive where his basic attacks deal bonus current health damage. It has a second passive where damaging abilities apply a mark to enemies hit and his next attack against them hits twice and heals himself. The active is a straight line skill shot which deals damage to enemies hit. Viego's W slows himself while he charges up. While charging, the range and stun duration is increased. Upon release, it is a straight line skill shot which dashes Viego forward a set distance. Enemies hit take damage and a stunn, and this works as an auto attack reset. Viego's E throws down a zone of mist on the floor, and if it hits terrain, it starts going around it. While inside the mist, Viego gains attack speed, bonus movement speed, and is camouflaged. Viego's ultimate blinks him in a direction, placing down a circle on the floor. Upon arrival, it deals damage to all enemies within. In addition, he attacks the most wounded enemy, dealing damage and slowing them and knocking back everyone else. For combos, your trade in lane is to E into an attacking Q. Attack again into W before attacking into alt and attacking away. And your all-in is to start W into E and attack. From here, Q into an attack before alting and attacking away. For matchups, VGO is great into squishier mages who can easily jump onto and one combo. However, he can struggle against shorter range mages who bring tons of guaranteed lockdown and are hard to kill. For runes, take this. He procs conqueror incredibly fast. For build order, start shield and pot into a kraken slay and tier 2 boots. From here, a collector and shield bow great pickups before finishing a build with any of these as needed. However, I do also love this build which starts pork into life bow just to give you an insane amount of durability. For skill order, start Q then W then E before maxing Q then E then W, taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and teleport. Starting the game, you're looking to farm hard and scale. You're not the strongest champion in the early game, but Dor and Shield and Second Wind will negate a lot of the single attack or poke abilities, allowing you to keep farming whenever you're farming. If you can Q to hit a minion and the enemy at the same time, it's solid poke. If your opponent's ever not behind minions, you can look for trades going in with your W into your E. However, you are a manless champion and your W doesn't have a very long cooldown, so you can just use it to avoid skill shots. And when you hit level six, now you have good kill threat, being able to blink onto the target to burst them out. Entering the mid game, your bot lane will come mid, and you love being in a side lane. Either push lanes out to split push or push them out so you can collapse easily onto team fights. Entering late game team fights, you're looking to dive on the enemy backline and assassinate someone. Wait for the fight to start and use E and W to get onto something important. You bring massive damage and your ultimate execute gets you easy kills. From here, take their form, spam their abilities, and get a free alult. Again, as long as you get the first kill, the value you get from spamming an entire another champions kit is insane.
