Title: 3 Minute Darius Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muYyKH-oUiY

Content:
Why play Darius top? Well, he is a massive lane bully. He is a resetting hyper carry in a team fight. He's great in a 1v2 situation and he just brings amazing AoE damage. However, he is a mobile relying on ghost and flash and he can get kited by range champions. Darius's first passive is each of his attacks and abilities apply a stack of bleed onto the enemy. The bleed lasts for 5 seconds and can be stacked up to five times. Darius's second passive is when he fully stacks his bleed five times on an enemy or kills someone with his ultimate, he becomes empowered. While empowered, he gains an insane amount of attack damage and instantly applies five bleed stacks to anyone he attacks. Darius's Q, after a short delay, deals damage in a circle around him. Enemies hit by the outer edge are dealt more damage and applied a stack of bleed. Where enemies hit by the inner part take less damage and don't get a stack of his passive. Darius also heals for each champion or large monster hit. Darius's W is an auto attack reset, which empowers his next attack to have bonus range, deal bonus damage, and slow the target. If this kills the target, half the cool down is refunded and the mana cost. Darius's E has a passive where he gains a large amount of percentage armor pen. The active is a cone skill shot which pulls enemies towards him, making them airborne and slowed. Darius's ultimate is a point-and-click ability which causes him to leap towards that target and deal true damage. This deals 20% additional damage for each bleed stack on the target. If this kills the target, Darius fears nearby minions and monsters and also we can recast the ability within the next 20 seconds. And at level 16, this has no cool down if it kills an enemy. For combos, start with an auto attack into W and then your Q. Follow up with an attack into E before attacking into your alt. And if you start with E, auto attack into W. Follow up with Q into two attacks into your alt. For matchups, Darius is great at meanly top laners who he can just walk up to and bully. However, he can struggle against top laners who can kite him and space him outside of his range. For runes, take this. Conqueror has amazing synergy with his passive. For build order, start shield and pot into tier 2 boots and a stridebreaker. After this, a Sterax and Dead Man's are great pickups before finishing a build with any of these as needed. For skill order, start W, then Q, then E before maxing Q, then E, then W, taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and ghost. Start in the game, you want to bully early and bully hard. With your passive, you simply deal more damage than most other champions at this point in the game. And if you can simply walk up to your opponent and attack W them, they'll be slowed as you can keep stacking. And if you do get to five stacks, you have so much attack damage, you can just kill them. At level two, your Q gives you even more kill threat. And at level three, being able to pull an enemy back in that doesn't want to be in a fight is just a death sentence. Remember, if you have to start the fight with E, go for it. But if there's any way you can avoid it, pulling someone back in when they don't want to fight you just gives you easy kills. And of course, once you get level six, fully stacking your passive on someone is very easy kills. Entering the mid game, take your tower as soon as possible. From here, you're solid as a split pusher or grouping up for fights. So, push out the side lane for pressure and then either keep pushing or group up with your team. Entering late game team fights, you want to play a frontto back play style. Attack anything in front of you with a massive focus on stacking five bleed stacks on one target to trigger your passive. Once fully stacked, you're looking to put more bleed passives on as many champions as possible. And then as soon as they're low enough, just start dunking. And that's how to play Darius Top. If this video helped you, leave a like and comment below who you want to see
