Title: How to snowball your lead into a win as Soraka | Tips & Tricks, Runes, Items, Build
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rbM-uHsW8o

Content:
Yo, what's up guys? This commentary is a Saraka commentary where I think I showcased pretty well on how to actually play her in the early lane where you play super aggressive and just have a lot of pryo. Feel like people talk about how Saraka can get a lot of pryo, but I feel like it's very common to see Saraka's play just very passive. But in this game, I definitely play my lane how it should go and really capitalize on that early pryo just playing with my jungler. As always, we will start with the draft. I have Kaisa Graves and the enemy shows Jinx and Trick. Soraka is really good into comps where the enemy has a lot of melee champs. Right here, it's like an okay pick. Saraka is really good into Trick because TK can usually never reach Saraka, but definitely better positions in drafts to pick her. They end up picking Sho, which is good for me. Yeah, Morg is like not that great, but Trick Shako can work with it. Sarraka doesn't really synergize too well with Kai'Sa because she doesn't really have abilities that work with her passive, but this is like not a bad comp for Saraka so far. And then the enemy last picks Trinameir. So that's another melee champ which makes the pick uh pretty good. It's three melee champions where you can get your queue off. These are the runes that I took. Ary and then uh resolve secondary. Very standard things. One thing Axium Archinist and uh revitalize make her ult just insane. And then uh most people don't really take solarity on Saraka, but I think solarity is really good because the increased movement speed works with her Q and also her passive. I like taking scorch for being a lane bully and then for the shards I like going CDR ability uh sorry adaptive force and flat health. Probably get away with scaling in this matchup but I do want to play that lane bully style which is why I opt to take these runes. Loading into the game. This account is Emerald 3 and we are playing in a like master lobby. I think it's like yeah low masters. Kais is 187 LP which is the highest. I don't know about Graves and Jacks. Yeah. overall um where this account the MMR is like very juiced up and so the uh games are starting to pick up. They're starting to be a lot harder. This game started off regular five point and then uh we get to lane. So my main goal here is to get level two and then to just play around my pryo. So you can see I'm autoing the minions. I'm trying to get control of this middle bush. I'm basically pacing in a way where I'm trying to bait out TK E and just getting right into range and then dipping out. Um once TK kind of concedes this bush, I have a lot more control in lane. My AD carry actually ends up dropping the ward here. Terra gets a stun on me, but um I get my Q off and we pretty much have control of this lane. So, one little tech there that I did was I drop Q in front of me, which if Saraka drops uh the Q like near her, it drops by really fast, so it's really easy to land. I'm just hovering my ability here trying to figure out what I want. As soon as my I land with my W, I or sorry, as soon as I land Q, I level up W. One thing about Saraka is that what separates a good Soraka from a bad Saraka is um just throwing out Q's. So, a lot of bad Sarakas will just kind of throw out Q when it doesn't make sense. I'm trying to throw out Q when the AD carry goes for a last hit, and that's basically making the AD carry decide if they either want to get CS or they trade their health. And in doing so, you have a higher percentage of landing cues. It's really bad. You'll see a lot of bad Sorakas kind of mindlessly throughout Q. And you don't want that. Like I could basically tell if a Saraka is bad in like the first like 5 minutes of laning. So Graves pings that he wants to go invade blue. So I am just pressing really hard to uh push in the wave. So I can go uh rotate over to Graves. Trick pushes forward and they end up dying. Graves wants to still continue for Gromp and so we push forward. Uh, again, this is like really important to this play was I basically had this play in mind like 30 seconds before it actually happened because Graves is pinging. So, because Graves is pinging for that invade, I am setting up the wave. I I think so Jinx is low. This was a little scuffed. Um, yeah, I I was want I wanted to wait out the barrier and I knew I could kill Jinx with an auto, so I end up trading here. Um, but I don't really think it was worth it. I thought I could get away. I thought I could hit Jinx and run away, but um I end up taking two tower hits because Jinx kind of um was a lot closer to the turret than I thought, so I had to dip in. But that's fine. So far so good. We uh are in a winning position. Our wave is really good because it's pushing into us. So Kais is on reset here, but she doesn't lose out on a lot of minions. Enemy is shoving this. Trick is really low. I know he's going to back. I'm like uh kind of faking that I want to hold this. There's no way I can hold this. And there's no way you should ever hold this because it's just a big wave. And now I'm just kind of chilling. I'm waiting for Kai'Sa. She's here. I get the cannon for her. And um I go two points in Q. So I like going three points Q into Wax as Saraka to really play that lane bully role. And so we're kind of just chilling here. We're going to slow push the wave out. I saw that Shico was topside. So we're going to slow push this. Um there's no point of really shoving this wave. It's better for us to slow push a wave and to build up a wave so we can actually like move with it. I think this is a pretty um like understanding wave management like this is what's going to separate you um from like diamond from masters. At least that's how I that that was my experience when I was hard suck diamond. And so we're kind of just yeah we're slow pushing a wave. Enemy takes. Trick is like it's so bad for him to want to fight in this wave. I don't know why he pushed us, but we'll take it. So, we are um just again slow pushing the wave. Sho is we saw Sho top side, so I know he's going to be botside very soon. And so, uh I want Saraka to go ward here. Right now is a really good time to ward because we push in the wave. So the enemy won't be able to rotate. I ping this uh fruit in the river. And then Trick is control wording the try and Kaisa wants to go for this try, but I know that Shiko is down bot. So I ping her off because otherwise we just get jumped here. We just have to play safe. Um, there's really no other play that we can do right now because uh, Graves is topside and we know that the enemy is most likely on dragon, so we're just we're just sitting here there. There's not um, yeah, there's there's literally no other play. Like I know a lot of supports kind of a lot of supports do this thing where when they know the enemy is taking dragon, they'll like walk up and try to ward it, but there's really no point because we aren't going to be able to contest it without our jungler. Our jungler is now padding botside. So I see Trick walking up to mid. So after I see him, I can start to walk because otherwise if I start walking here without seeing him, if Shico and Trick are in the bush, then they could just jump me and I die. So I can only pretty much move when I have the information. I see that grubs are up in 14 seconds. I have 800 gold. So I clear this control ward and then I'm going to run towards the grubs. I'm 800 gold. I have to sell my board, sorry, my uh health potion to get my bound glass mirror just right off the rip. Usually, I think it's fine to sell your potions if you are pretty close to an item. And so, I'm just healing Graves here, even though I don't have Q just because he's really low and I don't know if there's anything I can really hit. Um, surprised to see no one is at Grubs. I want a ward over. I see that Graves is a ward, so I ping him again. I'm just healing him. Uh, Jinx Rocket comes just from botside. Unfortunately, run into a box here and end up dying, but um, we get a double kill and so that was honestly worth it. That was like great scenario. I think Trick went back initially after he took dragon, so he was really late, but the enemy just kind of funneled in one by one. And so, uh, after I die, I run back to go help help Graves because Trick is there. Um, this is like another important thing. If you know that the enemy support is not botsside and your wave is um pushing out, it's fine to go uh it's fine not to go bot because it's going to be a 1 v one, right? So, I'm just hoping Graves Trick is uh just trying to stop him, but gets killed. I have level six now. And then I'm going to run botside. I don't need a back here because there's nothing I can really buy. I I did not mean to ping the uh all in. I meant to ping on the way. Uh Kai'Sa's pinging. The red might be gone. And I arrive right as Sho takes it. So, I know he's botsside. I know that raptors are coming in coming up in 8 seconds. So, I want to drop a ward in this area um just in case Sho does loop around to come get it again. But last over. I'm back bot lane. I have ult now. So, I'm like going to be panning my camera a lot to make sure um anyone needs it. Uh one important tech with Saraka is to check bushes with your Q. We see that Sho is on blue side. I saw that Oriana got blinded and then I panned away to look at Sho and then she ends up dying which I could have ulted but yeah, I literally just looked away and then she ends up dying. So that was like really unfortunate. I know that Sho's botside. I can't really do too much to contest anything. Sho ends up showing mid, so I'm just chilling. Bot again. Kai'Sa is on reset. I want to try to walk in this bush, but they're pushing out. I get hit by W. I get hit by a lot of things here. Um, I know I want to back like right after this wave. So, dude, I got hit by two W's and I'm like two/ird health. But, uh, I have Moonstone, which is a giant spike. If you have moonstone or like first item spike on enchanter, you most of the time always want to back like right as you get it just because it's such a powerful spike, especially on Saraka. Like you um you can see like I'm on tier one boots. I think a big mistake a lot of enchanter players make is that they will opt to rush boots, tier two boots. But I think a lot of the times it's usually good to just rush your first item and sit on tier one boots because now like we are like pretty much guaranteed to win this fight, right? Like they can't cut through my damage although it gets pretty close. Um yeah, it's just that that was just the diff of Moonstone. We see Morana is coming. I want to like try to look for something. I can sort of face check this just because I'm pretty healthy, but this Sarraka or not Saraka, this Morana honestly did a lot of damage. I want to reset here, but um I I realized we need to push out botside. We can do so even though we're low because we just killed their bot lane and then we see Sho and um Morana. So, their jungle and mid laner are showing. So, we have no threat of dying. I want to throw down a ward before I reset here, which is why I canceled my back. And so I have just enough gold to get either CDR shoes or swifty boots. I opted to take uh CDR shoes here. Usually I like going swifty boots, but I was thinking for this game I wanted to build Charelia second just because uh their Trindamir is really strong and uh Sherelius is really good for kiting away from Trick. So, if you just deny Trick's ability to auto stuff, he becomes like half a champion. I walk mid here because I see that Graves is fighting. Uh, just W. Um, I don't I W even though I don't land Q because uh sometimes you just need to do it and then I'm just getting Q's and W's. Yeah, that was I was very confused what happened there. said basically uh ulted to my side which um yeah we end up getting saving her because she did so and yeah this game so far is just going really well. I'm super strong. I have an early Moonstone and generally like if I didn't have to go against a team like this one where they kind of just run me down, I would go Moonstone Redemption. I think Moonstone Redemption is like the strongest two item enchanter synergy, but I feel like we um have I'd much rather have the utility in Sharelia's than the uh more healing on redemption because the only way I die here is if I get ran down, right? It's kind of a different story if we're playing like a front to back game. But yeah, in this case, like Sherillius is just so value. Uh, I get my upgraded support item. Oh, I see that they're fighting top, so I run over. I throw ult down. It's really important to try to hold your until they're really low for your revitalize um increased value. And then our team is just able to uh all live here because I rotated top. So, I'm getting so much value or it's so easy for me to get a lot of value from Saraka in this game just because it's really easy for me to land Q because they have three auto champions which is again why um she kind of thrives into a heavy melee team comp. So, I upgrade my support item into Drewmaker, but I normally take Slay. I kind of autopiloted here. I think sleigh is like bis for Saraka because uh it helps her like stay alive more and I think you have enough healing to stat check the enemy so it's more about like surviving. Also sle works really well with solarity as well. So yeah, I I would have um if I wasn't autopiling, I would take slay like every time after we get grubs. Um I am kind of hovering around the area trying to clear out botside. I know that there's probably a lot of wards there because um yeah, we were just on Herald's side and we have a lot of wards to see if they did walk in. Only threat on their team is really Trindamir because he's three in one. Right off the base, I walk mid. As always, we want to start mid and then work to our side. So, dragon's coming up in a minute 40. I see that Sho is topside. So, I kind of want to uh hover Jax for the time being. We still have a minute 30. I did see Sho top side. So, then um I go top here. And in doing so, I'm able to go for a counter gank onto um this play. I silence Trinameir just in time so we can't ult and then we just get an easy double kill. Mid starts fighting so then I walk mid here. But yeah, um I get my ult off and then I also get an assist from bot as well from Oriana killing Morgana. And so I get insane axium archinist value which is um honestly an That ar aximness is just insane on Saraka. Increased heals and if your team is able to get the crossplay where you're not there, you just get more cool down. Uh I'm setting up for dragon now. We have 30 seconds. I have two wards. I looked at the ward at try to see if it was um about to expire, but it was still still had a lot of time left. So, I'm just staying mid here. I don't need a reset. Jinx drops trap, so I walk back. Uh, yeah, Kaiso kind of takes a lot of damage here, but it's fine. Sho comes down. Um, I E him, so he's not able to ult, which is why he kind of just dies, and then Saraka goes for flank. That's like another thing with uh Saraka. There's a lot of skill expression with her silence in a lot of things that can throw off like combos or timings with a lot of champions. So like for example topside Trinameir I silenced him so we couldn't ult and then just right here Shico I silenced him so we couldn't ult as well and then they end up just dying. I'm hovering the area just in case Trinameir wants to uh all in our team mid here, but he backs off. So, dragon is still up. I'm just getting the uh deep wards. So, I always talk about I feel like I've been playing a lot on red side where I'm in the enemy bot jungle, but here um yeah, I have the word set up where it's just like really hard for the enemy to enter like ever. Um, I saw that Shico is here. I thought he was going to stealth out. So then I just cue the ground. If I do see, if I do hit him, I'll be able to see it. The silhouette, but he doesn't end up flying forward. We're pinging Jax to be careful because top is the only play the enemy can really go to. Um, I always kind of say that and talk about how like, oh, this is the only play the enemy can go to. And thinking about that sort of thing um I think helps with just being aware of like what can potentially happen in the game. And that makes sense, right? Um top side is Jax is the only one pushing into top. We're not pressuring side lanes. So the enemy is naturally just going to enter top uh answer top and that's the only play. Soon's coming up in 15 seconds. I want to take control of botside. Just starting mid here. Oriana is fighting these guys. It's a little dangerous because it's a 3v5, but um we find Ter. Oh no, we almost find Trick. Eyeword over Shareliaing trying to look for something, but um it's a little dicey here. Enemy collapses on us. I maybe could have ulted here, but yeah, I end up just dying. I was kind of caught off guard here because I thought Kai'Sa would have I I think we could have 3v5 honestly. Like we were pretty strong, but Kai'Sa died. I'm not sure what she died to. I think she died mid. And so when I died, I was like, "Oh, wait. We don't have Kai'Sa." Enemy jumps on Oticon. Uh, luckily we are able to stop them. Jax comes down and TPS. So, Graves almost dies, but we are able to stop them. Kind of a big throw there. Uh, yeah, I find I think like one of my big biggest weaknesses as a player is like if I'm super ahead like this, I kind of just like play really loose. Don't really care. Um, especially if I'm like smurfing, I kind of just like limit test a lot. But even in like my main account, I get very like I'm just I'm playing really sloppy, not really looking at the map, like taking fights. But yeah, it's uh we threw pretty hard honestly at the uh blue side or sorry, their blue side jungle. Um, and yeah, you just always want to be like locked in because that's how you lose games. This pretty, this game is pretty much over. Like we have the enemy has zero turrets where we broke all their outer turrets. Now they only have the base turrets. Just kind of chilling. Ori gets a big ult. Um, here I wait for Oriana's grievous wound to disappear before I heal her. Give her a nice little heal there. Uh if one fun fact about Saraka is if Shico clones, you can use your Q to um count for the uh W rejuvenation. So I wish my team didn't kill the clone. Jax just jumps in. Sho tries to go for me, but I have ultelia's Oriana also is backing me up. And then that's the game. Just super clean Saraka game. I think I honestly like 1v9 this game just um winning bot jungle top. And yeah, that's that's the SAR commentary. Thank you so much for watching.
