Title: 3 Minute Gwen Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlJMfXG8mOI

Content:
Why play Gwen jungle? Well, she brings massive AoE damage. She absolutely shreds tanks. She is a strong team fighter and her W makes her difficult to kill. However, she doesn't bring hard CC for ganks and she can get kited by CC heavy teams. Gwen's passive are all of her auto attacks, the center of her Q and her ultimate all deal bonus magic damage scaling with the target's maximum health. And she also heals herself for a portion of this damage dealt. This is what makes her so good at killing tanks. Gwen's Q has a passive where her basic attacks generate her a stack stacking up to four times. Gwen's Q is a cone skill shot which snips her scissors at least twice. Enemies hit by each snip take damage with the final snip dealing massively increased damage. Enemies hit by the center of each snip are also dealt a large chunk of true damage. And if Gwen has any of her stacks from her passive, she consumes them to snip an additional time. Gwen's W is very strong. She creates a large circle around her. And while within, she gains bonus armor, magic resist, and is unargetable to all enemies outside of this area. This can be recast to move the area, or if Gwen leaves the area, it automatically comes to her once. Gwen's E is an auto attack reset, which dashes her a short distance in a direction. She then empowers her basic attacks to deal bonus damage on hit, have bonus attack speed, and have bonus attack range. Gwen's ultimate has three activations. The first is a straight line skill shot, which deals damage to enemies hit and slows them. The second cast is the same but fires three projectiles instead. And the third is also the same but fires five. For combos, your trades are to start W into an attack. E for the reset into three attacks before using Q and attacking away. And your all in is to use ultimate into E and W. From here, attack twice into alt before attacking twice into one more alt and Q. For matchups, she plays very well into tanks that she just easily cuts through. However, she can struggle into champions who can pressure her hard and invade her early. For runes, take this. She stacks conqueror incredibly fast. For build order, start blue monster and pot into a Nashes and tier two boots. From here, a rift maker and hat are great pickups before finishing a build with any of these as needed. For skill order, start Q, then E, then W before maxing Q, then E, then W, taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take ghost and smite. However, of course, flash is always a solid option. Starting the game, you almost always want to do a full jungle clear as your early ganks are not the strongest. Your main goal is to get to your one item power spike as fast as you can. So after your first full clear where you've got scuttle crab if you can look for a gank. Of course considering the three main points of what CC does your team bring, what escapes does the enemy have and where is the lane pushed to. With this in mind, you do want to gank a lane that brings the CC for you as you don't have any yourself and landing the sweet spot on your queue is incredibly important. However, once you hit level six, your ganks become very strong. Entering the mid game, just keep farming hard and focusing on objectives. The quicker you get two or three items into you, the more difficult you become to deal with. Entering late game team fights, either play the frontto back play style or flank onto the fight. If you can cut through their tanks and the 4 seconds it takes for your W to end, go for it. Being able to play this way essentially wins you the team fight for free as you can then just chase down their squishies. Otherwise, wait for the fight to start, then dash onto their backline with ultimate and delete them. And that's how to play Gwen jungle. If this video helped you, leave a like and comment below who you want to see
