Title: THE HIGHEST WINRATE SUPPORT SERAPHINE BUILD | Tips & Tricks, Runes, Items, Build
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_ThYu54QJE

Content:
Saraphene received some huge buffs in 25.19 that in my opinion flew under the radar for a lot of players. After her buffs, she has become one of the highest winning supports of the current patch. There are currently two rune setups you can go. You can either go guardian or airy depending on your matchup bot. If you're into an all-in heavy lane, guardian is ideal, and if you're not, then you should be going airy. Best skill order is going to be three points Q into Wax, as this will give you a nice mix of damage in lane that scales well into the mid and late game. Her items are the same for both builds, where redemption into moonstone is ideal. Don't get baited into Helia like I did when I was testing Saraphene. Yo, what's up guys? This commentary is going to be a Saraphene support commentary and how she is honestly a very underrated pick right now after her buffs. She's just so strong. I think a lot of people saw the buffs, didn't really think she would be that good, but fast forward to now, she's just one of the highest win rate supports and just one of the strongest enchanters. She's kind of like Karma in the sense that she's like in between an enchanter and mage, but I think if you were to compare her to Karma, she is just currently a bit better than than her right now. I think Karma is also very strong, but Saraphene is like the new Karma. I think a big part of her strength comes from her flexibility of being able to choose between Ary and Guardian based on matchup. And with the buffs to Guardian that should be live when this video is posted, she's just only going to get better in this draft. I decided to pick Saraphene here because Saraphene is actually a very hard counter to Bard. Bard essentially can't ever get into range of Saraphene to auto and like cue her. So if you play your abilities smart, then it's just very hard for him to play the game at all. I base my pick off of counter pick, but there's honestly a lot of great synergies that Saraphene can kind of go with for AD carries. Uh Jyn here, just you can combo her slow with his E and ult. Just basically anything that slows, you can combo it with her E because if you have a slow and if you E someone once, then they get rooted. Things like Ash are really good. There's a lot of good synergies right now with a lot of the meta AD carries. This game I originally wanted to go Ary, but I decided to go Guardian because we were playing into Tristana. Tristana is a pretty hard matchup for both of us just because we don't have a lot of CC to Tristana is good into both Jyn and I because we don't have a lot of CC to stop her and if she just kills one of us, she's going to kill both of us. So, right off the bat, uh, we are fivepointing, but Bard walks up and I'm able to get my double route off. We are able to get a flash from Bard and still kill him. And so, this lane is just going, it's already a nightmare for Bard and it's only going to get worse. kicking off laning phase. My whole game plan is to just hold my abilities and to essentially not let Bard get his electrocute off. I think for most uh if you're struggling playing into Bard, basically what you want to do is you don't want to let him auto you with passive and get his Q off because that procs electrocute. So I'm kind of like trying to bait out his abilities. He's trying to bait out mine. Um, and he is able to get a good Q here. That was a mistake on my end. I didn't need to throw out my E. I could have held it. Um, I played a little sloppy the early game here, but I start to lock in later. Um, we get level two here. Bard still has to play pretty safe because he doesn't have flash. And so, I'm just holding my abilities to see what I want to level up. I'm playing the bush here. And then when the wave pushes up, I forfeit it. playing the space very tight. Uh Bard does the same thing and I'm noticing here how Bard's kind of moving and uh just reading his patterns and then able to get a double E off Q stun it with Jin W and just like that. That's what one of Saraphene's biggest strength is her laning doesn't scale as well as other enchanters but still scales relatively well um especially if you do go an enchanter build. It's like a nice mix of uh having a strong lane and having a good uh transition into the mid and late game. So, I'm noticing that Jarvin is botside. I am pinging to push out the wave so we can go move to scuttle if we need to. Bard gets a really good Q here. catches me off guard. But um yeah, we're just kind of trading pushing pretty hard to get the pryo in lane. This is always important. Uh if you are playing Saraphene, you'll you should get pryo in most of your lanes just because she does a lot of damage and her range is very big. So I see bar disappear into fog and I'm hugging the entrance of the river here so I can move over to Jarvin if we do see the enemy go. Um, normally I'll be playing the bush, but because I do want to move for that pryo if possible. That's why I'm hugging the river entrance. So, I see that Kane is moving up to scuttle crab. I can move here because we do have that pryo. So, I move first all the way up to top crab. Um, I try to flash here to go for rise, but he we just kind of trade flashes, which is kind of okay. um sucks for me, but bar doesn't have flash. And that's like we essentially move top here to uh give our mid lane an advantage. I'm already topside here. Um I see Bard is recalling, so I want to just throw out the wards. I notice that Gromp is up, so I'm kind of just hanging around the area, >> trying to help Jarvin secure this. And then I look to recall when uh he is taking it. And we know that we're good to go. I'm grabbing boots here and then I'm going a fairy charm. I would normally opt for something like a ruby crystal if I had 700 gold on back because I think I'm building redemption first and ruby crystal is usually always uh the raw 150 HP for 400 gold is like probably the best thing you could get for lane. It just makes you very tanky and you know if you're an enchanter, you can go on with I'd much rather have health than AP. So I walk back bot here. >> Bard's kind of uh in his own land. He has to go around. Our wave is bad. So I had to come down to fix it. And then the lane is going to push back. I see that the enem is behind us. So, I ping on the way. Bard takes portal here and then gets punished just very hard. Yeah, not really sure what Bard's doing. They have no pryo bot lane and they're still going for an invade, which doesn't really make any sense. Don't Bard is known for being able to roam, but like that roam actually made no sense because they just have no pryo. So, we take a reset here cuz Jyn wants to recall. I have Ruby Crystal, so I don't want to stay. I'm down to take the recall as well. The wave is going to bounce back towards us, so I know that I have a timer to move. Um I like right after I see that Tristana is eating the cannon minion, I'm like trying to look for something mid because I know she's most likely going to recall. Bard shows bot, which is really bad for him to do now that we he's giving us information that he definitely doesn't need to really do. He'd have a lot more pressure on the map if he was kind of just like chilling in a bush. But because he has bot, I come back bot. Um, one thing about this matchup for uh, Jin, Tristana, I don't want to leave Jyn alone with Tristana as much just because Tristana Jyn is really bad into Tristana and so like normally if um, there there are some AD carries where you probably want to roam a lot less. Um, a lot of it is into like Tristana. Tristana is just really good at 1v oneing certain champions if they don't have a lot of mobility. Bard uh takes a really bad trade here, so he has to E out. And he's chunked. Tristana is level six, but I'm not really too afraid because Bard is so low. So, we're um yeah. Uh like I was saying earlier, I don't want to leave Jyn and Trist alone that much. Um, and it's going to be different for like some champions like Ezreal for example, you can kind of leave him because he's good at farming alone. But for Jyn, um, I'm still going to take Rome timers, but just not as many or not as long. Um, so this is pretty this is pretty important here. Uh, this E, the way I like position my E here is um, very important, very important kind of skill to learn. So because Tristana is hugging the wall, i.e. in a way where it forces Tristana to either step back, which is good for us because she steps into the range of both of us, or she walks forward and gets hit by this. So she has to step forward to dodge it. And in doing so, we are able to get a good trade because she's isolated from Bard. Tristana jumps in but uh Jyn gets ult and then Jarvin comes for a gank and we are able to get a double kill. So I think as Saraphene you should be winning lane I I think Saraphene's probably the best enchanter to win lane with. I think because her range and abilities are so strong. you win you you'll be winning lane a lot more. She's like very similar to Karma in that sense. So yeah, if you're if you're smart about your abilities and just kind of throwing out high percentage Q's, high percentage E, and not like mindlessly spam them, then you'll win lane a lot of the time. So, coming out of base, um, I'm throwing out my Q here to stack my passive. This is also another pretty important thing to do when you're playing Saraphene. Uh, you want to be pretty tasteful with it. You don't want to just throw out your abilities and be like, >> you don't want to throw out abilities uh, all the time. You know, if you're low on mana, you don't want to uh, be to do it. So yeah, um being aware of stacking your passive is very important for Saraphene because it can make a big difference. So I walk mid here out of base because we push in the wave and then I see bar top. I'm kind of looking for I don't want to go all the way top because I it would be really hard for me to cross over. So I'm kind of like trying to look for something on rise, but R uh it's very hard to hit your E from max range if they can see you. So, I I think it's probably impossible if the player is like if the player can see you and they have they don't even need hands. Like, it's it's really easy to dodge. So, I'm going back bot here again because uh I don't want to leave Tristana and Jyn alone. I know that Jyn is topside. So, I try to go for a cheeky E here. Tristana doesn't see me um because she swept, but she kind of just accidentally sidesteps it. I see that Kane is botside. I'm like pretty chilling. I I'm confident in stepping up here because I know Jarvin is near us. Bard portals in. I get the double E in for the route and I combo it to the charm. I run towards Jarvin and we are able to just wipe them here. Uh great counter gank by Jarvin. And uh this went wrong for two reasons. One, they overchased, and two, their bot lane is just so behind that >> if the gank gets matched by Jarvin, it it just they're just going to lose, right? And this is kind of builds on the principle of how you should always be playing around people that are ahead because um if they aren't then like and you try to like roam or gank somewhere, if you get matched, you just sort of lose. Um it it's kind of hard for I don't even blame Gain that much for going for this just because if he's not playing for bot, he has to play for top, which feels pretty bad because he's playing into or but yeah, always remember that one like important thing about League is it's always best to play around your people that are ahead than to try to help people that are behind. >> So I go back, I buy redemption first. I'm cycling out my passive again, which is why I threw out my E. Uh yeah, I earlier in the video I talked about the build, but I think redemption first into Moonstone is probably for Saraphene. Look at top here. Unfortunate. Very close. Kane almost dies to Colleie, but she barely gets away. I'm walking bot here because there's not really much to do mid, but Jyn ends up recalling, so I am going back uh mid. Don't know where Bard is. I'm pinging that he's there. Trying to go for something here. Rise is coming from the top side. I drop a ward here. Max range E. Can't hit it. Hit him with the thumbs up and then I dip. Looking bot here. Uh I should be cycling my abilities here because I have full mana. Uh I Yeah, I got caught kind of lacking. I started I started to cycle it here, but I should have been doing it earlier. There's a TP coming from behind us. I dropped the ult. I positioned my way in a way here to try to max hit everyone. I barely missed Tristana, which I think if I hit Tristana, Jyn actually lives here. But yeah, missed the angle. Uh I think K knows that Jarvin is rotating, so he tries to all in me, but then I'm chilling. Yeah. Uh, Saraphene's ult is just one of the best ults in the game. It might be a little hard to get uh good at landing it just cuz angles can get a little hard, but uh my advice for getting good at landing Saraphene is to try to hit it in like >> uh parts of the map where it's like corridors or like entrances. So, um, one thing I can think of is like if you're at dragon side and the enemy wants to enter through ramp, then like that's an area where you want to just try to hold it down and if the enemy does come through, you ult because yeah, it's just uh more narrow and everyone has to funnel through there, right? >> An ally has been slain. >> Top goes down. I'm going to set up dragon. I see bard here. Oh, another thing to play around for Saraphene's ult is the extension. So, Saraphene's ult extends based on your ally and enemies length. So, if you can see a good angle where um the enemy is far like it's >> Yeah, you should know that it reaches very far. I'm trying to uh sweep here now. Want to play for uh bot turret since plates are fallen. See the ward here. Can't really do too much. >> We're just kind of chilling. I see that a fight is breaking out topside. >> I can roam for this, but again, I want to play more for the plates so we can get feeds of strength. Uh playing around feed of strength is something that's pretty important that you should be doing. Um one part that is important is the post 14 minutes when the plates fall off and towers are really easy to kill. Uh plates sorry uh feed of feeds of strength are very very OP. So yeah, this is like one place where you should really be focusing on to secure that. Um, this is one a little trickier. Saving my E for when Tristan is going to walk up to auto minion. That's an example of throwing out a high percentage like Q or E, where you're essentially making the AD carry choose between either CSing or uh just getting hit by an ability here. Uh, I think we see Kane top here. And so, like, I'm down a fight, but I can't I I need to land an ability. I I can't just throw out abilities because if I missed then um I think Tristana Tristana Bard are very behind. But they'll just um they can still uh fight us. So I W right when the bomb explodes to eat most of the damage. I get a little I get a little too antsy here. Miss out on my E. I dropped the redemption down. I'm very surprised Tristana jumped here even after my redemption was coming down. But at this point like they're so behind they have to look for something right. Um this is kind of a important thing to kind of talk about how if you are super behind you have to take fights like that even if it's unfavorable because otherwise you're just going to lose. And yeah that's the game. The game was uh very short but yeah that's the surfing commentary. I highly recommend playing her because she's super strong. Thank you so much for watching.
