Title: WILD RIFT - NEW ITEMS & SUMMONER SPELL AND MORE!!
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gx5807nuK8

Content:
Small body, Big energy Patch 6.0 —— Yordle Up! This update includes a massive patch covering rune adjustments, new items and many updates and changes I will share these updates in several videos This video will focus on Runes, Summoner Spell and Item Patch 6.0 got four runes adjustment 1. Sudden Impact After adjustments, the rune’s cooldown is longer. Armor and magic penetration effect is replaced with true damage The damage scales with levels providing up to 105 true damage at max level This makes it suitable for champions that need burst damage in a short time, especially against targets with high armor or magic resist rune performance will be more outstanding 2. Grasp of the Undying After the adjustments, Grasp of the Undying's damage has decreased, but its healing ability has been buff especially for late-game tank champions This change is particularly significant in long matches 3. Brutal The rune's base stats have been slightly adjusted Early game damage is weaker, but it becomes stronger in the late game, making it better suited for scaling champions. 4. Arcane Comet Base damage has been reduced by 7 early, but late-game damage remains the same. Early damage has been slightly reduced, but the damage bonus for hitting has increased The more you hit, the higher the Arcane Comet's damage. This adjustment rewards champions with high skill accuracy and frequent Arcane comet triggers. Patch 6.0 introduces the long-awaited summoner spell 【Cleanse】 It also nerfs Exhaust and buffs Heal and Barrier Let's take a look at Cleanse first Its cooldown is 100 seconds It removes all crowd control and negative effects including negating Exhaust and knock-ups Additionally, for 0.75 seconds after activation, you can immune to any control effects Overall, it is much stronger than the Mercury Enchant. Next, Exhaust received a significant nerf. Its ability to reduce enemy movement speed has been greatly reduced. In my opinion, Exhaust deserve it After that, Heal was buffed, but the overall impact isn't huge. However, compared to Exhaust, Heal might now offer better value. Lastly, Barrier received a buff, especially with higher late-game scaling. Most ADCs can now use Barrier for self-protect increasing their margin for own mistake. Patch 6.0 also introduces four new items. 1. Forbidden Idol Total cost: 900 gold It provides 100 max health, 10 ability haste, and 5% increased healing and shielding. This item affects build path and stats of most support items I'll show comparisons later in the video 2. Kaenic Rookern Total cost: 2,800 gold Stats include 350 max health, 75 magic resistance, and 100% base health regeneration. Its effect generates a magic shield if you take no magic damage for 10s This item countering burst mage champions effectively 3. Yordle Trap Total cost: 2,500 gold Stats include 350 max health, 40 armor, and 15 ability haste. The item effect will boosts movement speed after displacing enemies, If a marked target dies during the effect, it grants 200-300 bonus gold and shared among nearby allies. This bonus gold can only be triggered once every 10 seconds. This item is particularly suitable for engage supports like Alistar or Nautilus. 4. Enchantment: Dream Seeker Total cost: 500 gold Its effect generates blue and purple bubbles every 8 seconds. When healing or shielding other teammates, both bubbles will fly toward them, empowering them for 3 seconds. Blue bubble reduces the damage taken from the next hit, Purple bubble adds bonus magic damage to the next hit. This enchantment is suitable for healing support champions. In addition, Patch 6.0 introduces numerous item adjustments I’ll directly show comparison charts here, so need to take a look for it I won’t go into too much detail here. That wraps up this video There’s more content about Patch 6.0 coming up, so don’t miss it! This is ChowZ (AI edition), See you in the next video BYE!!
