Title: The ONLY Pantheon Guide You Need - Pantheon Guide League of Legends (Toplane Edition)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RA0o99vWwEM

Content:
Hey guys, and welcome to my new guide for Pantheon. In this guide, I will teach you everything you need to know for Pantheon top lane, as well as an entire educational gameplay after we covered everything. Let's get started with the abilities of Pantheon. First, Pantheon's passive lets you autoattack and cast spells to charge an empowered spell. Once you reach the maximum stacks, your next spell is empowered. Pantheon's Q is a spear. You can hit close-range, and if you hold the ability, you can throw the ability instead. Pantheon's W is a dash to your target, dealing damage. and applying a stun as well. Pantheon's E is a shield that deals damage and blocks all damage in one single direction. Pantheon's R jumps into the air, landing at a location you choose and dealing damage. Let's go for the runes and builds for Pantheon next. The first and main room page is Conquer with Manaflow and Scorch. You'll use this page for playing aggressive and snowballing in the early game. The second page is Conquer with Bone Plating for a more safe and standard play style versus melee matchups. You've also got conquer with second wind, which is super strong versus ranged matchups. As for the bonus stats, you always want to take two points into adaptive and then one point into HP scaling. As for the builds, the shield is always used versus range matchups and the blade is always used versus melee matchups. For the boots, you always go steel caps or merks based on the matchup and lucidity boots for snowballing games. As for the main builds, this is the standard and main build you'll use most of the time. This build is mostly used against tanks in the enemy team. The third build is mostly used against heavy AD and the fourth build is a massive counter against heavy AP. I also highly recommend this item for anti-heal in case the enemy team has a lot of healing. There's also a ton of lethality items I didn't mention yet. If you want more damage, you can also build these lethality items as well. I've also added all these builds into one entire item set and I've shared it on my Discord server. Make sure to check it out after the video. As for the skill order, you want to max your QWE for damage or max Q EW for a more defensive play style. As for the summoner spells, ignite flash is highly recommended for snowballing and winning the early game. Otherwise, you always want to go with teleport and flash instead. Let's talk about the combos for Pantheon. Next, the first combo is the W auto Q combo. Pantheon's W actually works really well with an auto attack after you cast his W. Make sure you always auto attack immediately and then use Q after to deal more damage. The second combo is QW auto. This combo lets you throw your Q first, so you can use W auto attack and immediately run back to safety after. The third combo is EW auto Q combo. This is a very basic way to trade with Pantheon after you use your E ability. The fourth combo is the empower W auto Q auto combo. This is one of the best ways to one v one your opponent as it allows you to use your passive and instantly get your next passive available again after you use this combo. Now let's get into an educational gameplay and I will teach you guys exactly on how to play the early game for Pantheon as well as the mid game and then also the late game. All right guys, welcome back to another YouTube video. Today once again playing some Pantheon in the top lane again. Today we have pantheon versus the sad matchup. And for the runes we've got the conquer page, we got presence, we got haste, cut the grass, got metaf flow, and then we also on scorch. We're going to be playing really aggressive. That's why we got the metaf flow with the scorch. So the way how pantheon top lane's being played out is actually really simple. The way how you want to view him um is when you run the conquer page, which I highly recommend for top lane, you basically want to spam your Q for the entire lane. That's pretty much all you're doing. When your opponent gets really low, you go for a short trade with the stun. >> And um >> in trades, you can also go for your E as well. >> If you place the perfect E, you can block any damage source, which is crazy, man. Um this matchup in itself is actually quite nice. It is a matchup that can go very wrong. Oh, I didn't hit that. Okay, let's respect it. So, it's all about respecting the set uh stun. >> That's it. >> I think I probably got this one already. >> Yep. >> Already got the set right there. >> Super solid. I did the Q flash combo uh to make sure I instantly hit the Q. And now we push it out. Then we're happy. Um, one thing also about playing Pantheon top lane, it's all about your passive. So, uh, once again, your champion uh, heavily depends on stacking. So, you want to be consistently stacking your passive so you can get the empowered abilities. By the way, we're going to go with the pickaxe build. I kind of never mind. I'm not going to wait for that. Okay. Um, in terms of the builds, we're going to be going with the standard build this game. um they don't really have like tanky champions in their team comp. They they actually got set top lane Garen jungle gold. They're not like actually like super tanky. So, we're just going to go with the standard build that I've covered in the guide >> until even shame could not keep up. >> Uh a little bit of a ward right here and see if we can go for a couple trades. actually solid. So in the worst case scenario, you make that mistake uh that you're getting caught by a stomp for example and you expect that they're instantly going for like an all in right after that too. What you can do is cast E. Uh which again it blocks pretty much all damage in one single direction. So if you choose the right direction um you can almost always get away from whatever trade is coming at you. Feel like that's an important one to mention. right away. He's going to go first on here. I'm going to hold my E. I might be able to get him for free here. Yeah. And make sure when you cast your E on Pantheon, make sure that you keep lining up yourself exactly with your target. So if your target is trying to get on your back, you want to walk backwards as well. If you do that, you can consistently keep on using your E, right? So, what most likely what's going to happen if you're playing Pantheon, what a lot of people are going to do is when they see your E activation, what they do is they walk right behind you and that stops the ability from functioning. So, keep that in mind. You use your E, you kind of line up yourself against your target and you try to keep it that way. So, if they move forward, you move back. If they move back, you move forward. That's kind of how you want to >> use that ability. So, >> yeah, Q spam going really well. Three points in Q so far. I've got the wave in a in a good spot. Um, I would like to have the wave bounce in my direction eventually, but the Garen is currently dead, so we don't have to think about that. Remember, this matchup is kind of frustrating cuz of the stun. Again, we block that damage with my E right there. Fortunately, we've got mana flow with Scorch, so we have more than enough mana right now. Um, which is a really good thing. >> I don't want to lose the cannon. That cannon is super valuable. >> All right. >> Sets my spear. >> We have an Akali um running into the jungle there. So, I'm curious to see where Gar's going to show. Garren's actually up there. So, I'm going to ping for that so everybody knows. And we just keep spamming my Q until you win. >> Let fear make you b. >> So, the cool thing is Pantene is just designed as a counter. He's one of the best counters in all of top lane for obvious reasons. Um, Garen could be here now, but I'm willing to take the risk because my Kane is actually nearby. >> Yep. >> Going to spam ping like 5 million times so that my teammate knows what to do. >> Okay. And my teammate is here now. So, it actually worked. Um, >> shut down. >> Oh, he gets away. Dude, that was perfectly played out, man. But unfortunately, we still didn't win that. It's unfortunate. It was perfectly planned. I saw my my jungler here. I completely dragged out the entire fight. Um, it's unfortunate we lost that, man. But it's okay. We're not losing any farm. use my alt here so I can hit the entire wave at the same time. Yeah, line up my ability and there you go. So, we died before, but that doesn't matter because we still got him towards the end. Okay. And now we're going to try and go for the plates ourself. So, we're going to try and collect this I'll try and go for two at the very least. Um, >> can we get this, please? Yes, we can. >> We have my jungler moving top lane. Could maybe use that. We'll see. I don't think that we could do very much. I'm going to reset here. I'm going to go for the pickaxe build now so that we can continue building towards that eclipse. Yep. Okay. So, let's make it back. Uh, we have a we're starting to gain like a bit of a lead here. The thing is we're both level seven, but I'm only one last away from reaching level eight. So, we nearly have that, too. >> We'll have to be really careful >> about that jungler again. We don't want Garen to go top lane and try and beat us, right? We don't want that to happen. We're going to go for W. Cool thing is when you uh when you max W and E, uh both reduce cool down. So, it's up to you what you want. Yep. Well, he's kind of done. There you go. This is why this matchup is so incredible because I can use my E um as a way to like block pretty much all of the damage from the W from set. So what he does is he's charging his W to try and like push it all back towards us and then we hit our E so that we can block all source of damage. It is crazy, man. It is really crazy. >> I am the raised against >> Okay, nice push. Let's go for that plate tier. Very nice. Could use my ultimate for rotation very soon. I might consider staying around just for now. Uh the jungler is not here. So again, we don't need to think about him. >> Let's push this out too. >> Nice. >> An all has been slain. >> There's a massive fight going on. >> Like to find out if I can get a kill in mid lane. Probably not. I'm just going to go back here. Okay, let's go for the eclipse build. Then we can start building to the next item. Um, we go for tier one boots for now. Like to figure out if I can eventually cast R in mid lane. [clears throat] Okay, set is actually top lane still. He's probably very scared to move forward, which >> when the is in my mind, I have already fallen and so I >> And now we start pushing. I'm just going to see if I can cancel the backboard like wherever that is. I don't know. Uh it doesn't seem to be here. >> I'm going to push this. I want them to go back top lane against me. Nice. >> The earth is beneath me. >> Yeah, we got that Garen, man. He can start the fight. He will win this. >> Yep. >> I'll be able to hit my W soon. Yeah. And then we go top lane again. Really good rotation. We push the wave in, which means that uh my opponent's going to lose the farm. And then uh while that happens, we rotated. We get the first move against the Garen, which means it's basically two versus one. And I made sure that I would walk away as I auto attack against my top laner so that I could line up my E against him next time around. And um that caused us to win that super easily. Dude, >> shut down. completed the quest way sooner than my opponents, I think, too. >> Okay, >> let's go back here. We got 1.9k gold right now. Like to figure out if I can go back. Yeah, I can. Okay. and we'll sell that so I can go for another Ruby here. Cool. So, uh yeah, let's make it back top lane. I don't think I'm going to cast that teleport. Obviously, I can just run back my way. At most, he will probably get like one or two plates against me. Um uh that's really it. I think that my jungler is probably going to be dead here. Yeah, I don't even think that my ultimate is going to save this. Onward. >> No, probably not. Let me see at the Let me take a look at my jungler here. Yeah, I'm probably going to use alts to rotate back top lane, I think. Maybe not. Uh, I'll just push this out too cuz the guy is resetting. >> Akali can just farm my lane out. >> Yeah, I can get some here. >> Try and get like two. >> I can use. Yeah, he's he's not able to get away anymore. Definitely not. Okay, I'll leave that up to him. >> Good push. I don't know if that's a red buff, but I'm No, it's not there. Okay, let's push top landing gun. Sunret Sky is available within like 800 gold. We will have that very soon, too. Get some of the plates here. Very nice. [groaning] Okay. Yeah, it dude is just a matter of uh trying to snowball further and further. That's it, man. We uh we'll have to sell this guy with the 250. We just we're just trying to split push right now. knowing you are. >> Um, constantly looking at the map though, see where the jungler's going to be from. And yeah, that's it. Dude, the guy can't really beat me cuz I have always got my E available to me and my E is like a massive counter to him because his W just doesn't function. Uh, his teammate's up here, so I'm running for my life. >> I'll just keep running. Uh, not enough to get him sadly, man. It's basically one v2 and I didn't get him. >> It's fine. >> Got teleport. So, we're basically not losing anything. That's the cool part. I'll teleport. So, that's uh he's not not getting the plates against my tower right here. And then we push. The thing is, the reason why I teleport like this, I will usually not do this, but uh because I've got my ultimate, I can rotate to the drake anyways. Yeah, let's go for that rotation. Right now I'll be looking to alts specifically I think the Y on here. I hit all people with my ultimate. Okay. Fantastic, dude. All people with my ultimate. Enemy has been slain. >> Yep. I hit all people with my ultimate. My ultimate does a lot of damage if it's combined against all of the enemy team. Dude, perfect ultimate. That was absolutely crazy. So now we can grab the plate here as well. I'll try and just get the entire plate. Yeah. I don't know who the person is that's teleporting. Oh, this guy. >> Okay. Yep. Well, this game is pretty much as good as done. At least uh in terms of like how we snowball. Yep. You can also like activate your E faster by the way if you want to have that big damage at the end of your E. Um I use that quite a lot if if there's like a target that's like mega low in HP >> and uh you don't want to wait. You can just cast it instantly, right? Okay. Obviously they go for a surrender. This this this match is mega over. We mega destroyed the lane. My team mega won the game. So GG, man. Either way, uh this is Pantheon Top lane. Thank you so much for watching today's Pantheon video and um I'll see you guys next time. Peace.
