Title: 3 Minute Lulu Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igM-pbr_LAc

Content:
Why play Lulu support? Well, she is amazing with hyper carries. She has solid poke and harass. She is one of the best at keeping her carries alive, and she's very versatile with her kit. However, she is mana hungry in the early game, and she does need a carry worth protecting. Lulu's passive is she's followed by her fairy, and whenever she attacks, the fairy auto fires three bolts dealing damage. If the fairy's attached to an ally, it will attack when that ally attacks. And if it's attached to an enemy, it will attack when you attack. Lulu's Q is a straight line skill shot fired by her and Pix. It deals damage to all enemies hit and slows them. An enemy takes 50% damage from a second bolt. Lulu's W, if cast on herself or an ally, grants bonus attack speed and move speed. If cast on an enemy, it polymorphs them into a harmless bunny, during which time they're unable to attack, use actions, and their movement speed is massively reduced. Lulu's E, if used on herself or an ally, shields them and lets the fairy attach to them. If used on an enemy, it deals damage to them, reveals them, and attaches your fairy to them. Lulu's ultimate is incredible. It enlarges herself or an ally champion, knocking up nearby enemies. Then, for the next 7 seconds, they have a large amount of bonus health, increased size, and they slow all enemies nearby. For combos, your go-to is to E into an attack and Q before attacking away. As always, trying to land both hits from that Q. Your buff-focused team fight is to E and W your carry before using Q. Follow up with ultimate on them when an enemy gets near before attacking away. And your peel-focused team fight is to E your carry into W'ing your enemy. Auto carry into Q before attacking away. For matchups, Lulu is great into aggressive supports as she just bunnies them as they try and go in. However, she can struggle against hook supports who can grab the carry away or simply ones that outvalue her in team fights. For runes, take this. Aery lets her both bully and support harder. For build order, start world atlas and pot into an ardent censor, tier two boots, and upgrade to a dream maker. From here, a moonstone and redemption are great pickups before finishing a build with any of these as needed. For skill order, start E then Q then W before maxing E then W then Q, taking ult whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and heal. For synergies, Lulu is amazing with hyper carries who she can buff to make them amazing while keeping enemies off them. Starting the game, your main focus is going to be on stacking your support item and making sure your carry has everything they need. With Lulu's kit having multiple functions, you work quite well as an aggressive support or defensive. Against other enchanters or melee champions, you can quite freely poke them. Your E is point and click guaranteed damage, and when you have a few points in this, it stings. And attaching your fairy onto them basically guarantees your Q to slow them. If you're able to combine this with a few auto attacks, you'll deal tons of damage as your auto attacks empowered by your fairy just hurt. Otherwise, if your opponent has the more aggressive lane, you're able to play very defensive. Your shield is a very large shield, and your W to speed up your carry or to bunny the enemy usually keeps them safe. And once you hit level six, between your ultimate shields and buffs, your carry now becomes incredibly hard to kill. Entering the mid game, take your tower as soon as possible and rotate mid. This puts you and your carry in the center of the map for easy sieging and roams. Entering late game team fights, play as the backline enchanter protecting your carry. Being able to shield, speed up, and buff your carry while slowing the enemy is insane. The main skill expression is using E on your carry to protect them or an enemy to deal damage, or W'ing to buff a carry or turn an enemy into a bunny.
