Title: My 1100 LP Senna Itemization/Rune Guide
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMmbMIGQSeA

Content:
Senna currently has multiple builds that she can flex, making her one of the best supports, as she can adapt to a lot of different drafts. I have found a lot of success playing these different play styles, and I want to share with you how I decide what build to go. I made a flowchart to make it easier to understand how to decide what runes and items to go for what situation. This chart might be a little confusing, but let's walk through it together. But before we do, let me give you a brief summary on the Senna meta. Most high rank players either play airy or grasp, and there are a few fleet enjoyers. I personally don't play fleet, but I flex between airy, grasp, and electrocute. Electrocute isn't played that much, but I feel like it's currently too strong in the meta to not run. Within these three keystones, there are two different play styles. One is based on playing as an enchanter, and the other is based on playing around black cleaver. The best pairing for ARY is the enchanter build because you're prioritizing healing and shielding your team, and the best pairing for grasp and electrocute is cleaver because you're prioritizing shredding the enemy's armor. The black cleaver build is a lot more popular, but I do think that enchanter Senna is just as strong, if not stronger, and that more people should play it. With that brief, let's jump right into the flowchart. The first thing I ask myself is, does the enemy have a lot of bruisers or tanks? I consider two or more to be a lot. So, if yes, then I ask myself, does my team have a lot of bruisers or tanks? If those conditions are both met, then we go the enchanter build. Enchanter Senna thrives the most in these frontto back team comps for many reasons. She not only has a tank that can peel for her that you can make unkillable with your heals and shields, but in a team fight, she has a lot more opportunity to hit the enemy front line. Being able to auto a lot is beneficial for Enchantresser Senna because she's able to get a lot of helia stacks and her Q's cooldown is reduced by 1 second every time she hits someone. If you optimize playing around your two helio stacks, you heal to the point where you can stat check the enemy. When both teams have a lot of frontline champions, sustain enchanters thrive because team fights are a lot longer, which benefits their team because they're able to outsustain the enemy. Quick run through for the runes. You go airy, maniflow ban, transcendence, and gathering storm. For the secondary, go font of life and revitalize. For the shards, go attack speed, adaptive, and flat health. The items for this build are very straightforward. I don't usually flex items on this build, and the main components are Helia, Moonstone, and Dawncore. I always sit on tier one boots and then prioritize getting Helia as fast as possible because when you get a Helia early, you just win most skirmishes. Quick note that when you're building Helia, make sure to buy the Amptom or Mirror last. When you get amptome, your adaptive force shifts to AP, so you can't trade as hard. After Helia, I go Boots of Swiftness. And then somewhere along the way, you can upgrade your support item into Blood Song. I like Blood Song over Dream Maker because I think Senna is one of the best champions that can use it. If you don't like Blood Song, Dream Maker is fine. The most important part of this build is to make sure you're playing around your Helio stacks and using your Q to heal your teammates. Sometimes you won't be able to stack Helia and have to use your Q or right away, but make sure you're constantly looking at your stacks. Going back to the start, if the enemy team is tanky and your team doesn't have a lot of front line, we go the grasp build. Another set of conditions for grasp is if the enemy team is not tanky, but you have a hard matchup bot. Senna's hardest matchups are supports that either outrange her or have CC where if they land, it's lethal. That's going to be mostly mages and hook champs. The grass build is what saves Senna in very unplayable lanes and team comps. If you want to OTP Senna, you're going to be running this load out majority of the games. Senna is a very squishy champion, so the extra sustain and health makes it so you're able to survive and scale. The runes for grasp are fawn of life, bone plating if you're playing against an engage support, or second wind if you're into a poke support, and overgrowth. Revitalize might seem really tempting, but overgrowth is better since your main focus on this build is to hit the enemy rather than to heal your teammates. For the secondary, we go presence of mine, and then elacrity. Shards are attack speed, adaptive health, and flat health. The items for this build are very dynamic, but we always get black cleaver and boots of swiftness. The core of this build is to shred the enemy's armor, and then we flex items based on the enemy's team comp. If the enemy has a lot of healing reduction, you go executioner's calling. And if the enemy has a lot of shields, you go serpent's fang. If you do build executioners, you don't need to upgrade the item to the full amount as the amount of healing reduction is the same as the tier one item as the finished item. Senna is essentially a debuffing support that denies any type of sustain. If the enemy doesn't have an excess of either of these things, you can go rapid fire second. It's important to prioritize denying the heal and shield aspect of the enemy team before building RFC. After that, you can flex edge of knight or i.e. if you're super ahead. A lot of the times you will rarely be able to finish your third item. The most important thing to play around for grasp is understanding how to utilize it with Senna's kit. The way Grasp works is that every time you enter combat, it generates one stack every second for the next 3 seconds, refreshing the duration with each instance of combat and stacking the effect up to four times. At maximum stacks, your next basic attack on hit within 5 seconds against an enemy champion consumes all stacks to deal bonus magic damage and will permanently grant bonus health. Grasp is broken on Senna because you can extend the time you are in combat when you collect souls and you can consume the grasp with your Q. This is the saving grace of playing into an unplayable lane. Watch how I play this lane into Nautilus Lucia as Senna. Right now, my grasp is ready to proc, so I make sure to extend my time in combat by autoing a minion when it's about halfway from expiring. My Q is still on cool down and I want to keep my grasp stacks up. So, I wait till it's half again to pick up a soul to extend combat. I'm waiting for my Q to be up and I look to position myself where I can queue a minion from a very safe distance to trigger grasp and hit him. I think grasp is the sole reason why you'd be able to on one trick Senna. In the lanes where you can never walk up, it gives you a lot of room to actually win your lane. Those are all the conditions for grasp. Now, let's talk about the conditions for electrocute. If the enemy doesn't have a lot of bruisers and tanks and you have an easy lane, we get to the electrocute side of the flowchart. Senna's easiest matchups are low-ranged melee supports and enchanters where there's very little kill pressure where you win out on most trades. If we have an easy matchup bot and the enemy team is squishy, the next question we ask is, does the enemy have lots of heals and shields? If your answer is yes, we go electrocute with precision. If your answer is no, we go electrocute with inspiration. The interaction that makes electrocute setup broken is that after you get cleaver, your auto Q or Q auto triggers electrocute. What normally should be three hits can be done in two because of her passive. On top of that, electrocute counts as a damage source for black cleaver. So, you reach the max stacks and shred 30% armor as well. The runes for the main tree are electrocute, cheap shot, deepboard or grizzly momentos. If you're playing against champions with a lot of traps, and treasure hunter. Now for the secondary, if the enemy team has lots of heals and shields, we go precision with presence of mine and elacrity. If the enemy team doesn't have a lot of heals and shields, we go magical footwear into jackof all trades. This makes more sense once we get into the items. For the shards, we go attack speed, adaptive, and flat health. If you're going precision secondary, you're going to build the same exact way as the grass build where you flex these items and prioritize debuffing the enemy's heals and or shields. If you're going inspiration secondary, you're going to build these very specific items in this order. I generally do not flex my items for inspiration second because we are playing around hitting 10 unique stacks for jack of all trades so we can get the increased adaptive force. This build rules out needing executioner's calling and serpents as the condition that splits the electrocute build is if the enemy has a lot of healing or shielding. These items are the fastest way Senna hits 10 stacks. We go tier on this build because it satisfies the 10th unique stack, but it also helps with our mana as we don't have a mana room. Make sure to buy tier after cleaver and then zeal to hit 10. You can then upgrade Zeal to RFC and then the tier to mana immune. Electrocute is nice because you only run it when the enemy team isn't tanky and you have an easy lane, which sets you up to become really strong and to be able to chunk the enemy hard. I personally feel like you can carry the hardest on electrocute because you just do so much damage. You chunk the enemy the hardest on the inspiration build once you hit your 10 stacks of Jack. Electrocute can feel a bit clunky in lane before you get cleaver, but you should be able to hit the enemy three times to trigger it as this build only should be played into easy matchups. That is my flowchart for matchups. Let's look at some examples of actually using it. In this select, I picked Senna Blind here and was waiting to see what the enemy and my team picked to change my runes. So, going to the first question. Does the enemy have a lot of bruisers and tanks? Yes, they have Viego, Zach, and Malight. Does my team have a lot of bruisers and tanks? We have Jax, who is a decent front line, but Rengar and Yon are squishy and they tend to go in and out of fights. So, I picked Grasp here. I already knew what I was going to build just in Champ Select. I was going to get serpents first as Karma has a lot of shielding and Mafi has the shield from his passive. And then I was going to go executioners calling right after as Zach and Viego have a lot of healing and Karma's most likely going to go Moonstone Redemption. I actually didn't end up building executioners this game because I saw that Victor had already built it by the time I finished Serpent. So, I finished the build off with RFC. Let's take a look at another champion select here. Here I last picked Senna into Lee, Yasuo, Huay, and Sarraka. I already knew I was going to go electrocute with precision before the last pick even showed because the enemy does not have a lot of bruiser/tanks. I have a really easy matchup bot. The enemy has a lot of heals from Saraka and shields from Leon, Yasuo, and Quay. I know I'm going to need both shield and heal cut, prioritizing healing reduction because it's more healing than shielding. So, I'm going to build cleaver, executioners, and serpents fang. This flowchart is a great example on how you should itemize champions based on the draft. You should already know how you want to build in champ select before even going into the game. I hope this chart makes sense and can help you get a better feel of what to build on Senna. Being able to adapt your loadouts will help you pop off in games and just become a better player overall. Thank you so much for watching and as always, good luck on the rift.
