Title: THE ULTIMATE MASTER YI JUNGLE GUIDE TO SEASON 16 | Items, Runes, Combos
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSXKhkgrAVw

Content:
It's that time again, guys. A new Master Yi guide. And today I have two special builds to share with you. The first one is the typical Master Yi build that everybody runs, and the second one is an experimental Master Yi build that I personally have been running and I think is actually better than the normal Master Yi build. So, if you want to see it, keep watching and I'll show it to you. First, Lethal Tempo is an obvious no-brainer for Master Yi. You attack a lot, you get a lot of attack speed, you do damage. Next is Triumph. Triumph is really good because whenever you kill somebody, you get extra gold and you heal a lot. It's the best in the tree. Next is Alacrity. We want Alacrity because Master Yi likes to get attack speed, and when he kills things, he gets more attack speed and it's great. Next, we want Coup de Grace. So, out of this row, you can pick anything you want, but Coup de Grace is the best because you can control it. The enemy will always have under 40% HP if you're trying to kill them, so you can control it. Next up, the secondary tree might be a little controversial, but these are the runes that I run. I get Cashback, and it's without a doubt, in my opinion, the best rune in the game. It's better than the boots. You will easily be getting over 1,000 gold every time you use this thing. Whenever you recall and buy an item, you'll get a free dagger. It's wonderful. Get this over the boots. Next up is kind of controversial. I prefer Cosmic Insight, but I see that a lot of Yi players are bringing Tripletone. Honestly, if you want something that's easy and simple, just get the Cosmic Insight. It works really well, and I honestly don't think you'll regret it. You get triple smites. Your flash is on cooldown like 45 seconds less than the enemy, or 55, it's one of those, I don't know. And our minor runes are attack speed, adaptive force, and extra HP. Let's get into the items for this build. Okay, I'm going to show you guys the completed build, so you don't have to sit here and listen to me like So, here it is. Yes, you already got the build. Now, if you want to know why we're building what we're building, go ahead and continue to listen. So, for the blue smite, it's widely been considered the best smite on Master Yi for a while, but I actually think that the green smite is better right now. You can bring whichever one you want, but after playing a lot of top lane, I have seen the value of shields. And also, on stat websites, it's showing that it has a higher win rate. Do not bring red smite. Next, the basic building blocks for this Master Yi build is daggers and long swords and pickaxes. These build into your items like Guinsoo's Kraken and Blade of the Ruined King. This builds into Kraken and Blade of the Ruined King. And then, of course, this is Guinsoo's and Blade of the Ruined King. So, these are the nice little uh basic items that you get. If you could recall, I love getting the pickaxe. But, the standard build is to get an early Kraken Slayer, follow it up with a Guinsoo's Rageblade, and then get a tanky item such as Experimental Hexplate. This is currently the Master Yi build. And the reason why is because it makes your attack fast, clear the jungle fast, and it does a lot of damage. However, I do want to say that I have made a Master Yi calculator, and it's available on my website for my Twitch subscribers at calsept.com, and I have tested the Kraken exclusively and a lot, and I actually don't think it's as strong as people are making it out to be. But, it is the most basic build, and it has a lot of attack speed, which is really hard to calculate into damage. Afterwards, you can get a Blade of the Ruined King, or you can go tankier with things like Death's Dance or [music] even the Titanic Hydra. My personal build, if I was going on hit, which I don't really play too much lately, is I would probably go like Kraken, Rageblade, Experimental Hexplate, Blade of the Ruined King, into Titanic Hydra, and then Death's Dance. That would kind of be what my build looks like, I did show you guys. And for boots, you would get one of these three boots, but I prefer tier one boots, unless they're all AD, then I get these. And if they have like Leona and Lissandra, I will grab these. So, um overall, that should kind of fit except here. So, Terminus is actually a really good item as well. It's in my Master Yi calculator. You can see exactly how much of penetration gives you, but it is pretty deceptively good, especially if you engage with Alpha Strike. It gives you a lot of stacks. Hullbreaker is kind of situational. I don't really build it nowadays, but I have seen these players. Umbral Glaive is an item that some of you guys are probably looking at, like, what? So, in Korea, there are multiple Master Yi players that are like a thousand LP plus that are running Kraken into Umbral Glaive. And the reason why is because this item shows you when the enemy has vision of you always. Even if the passive is off, it will show you if the enemy has vision of you. So, this is an item that's very, very cheap. It's only 2,800 gold. It's an item that you definitely may be considering as a pick up. Like, take a look. It's 2,800 gold compared to like 3K, right? Super good item, slept on, and lethality improves the Kraken Slayer. All right, for the last items here, Sterak's Gage is a very solid option as well that you can run this with the Titanic Hydra or even your Hexplate. I do like this item when I need tenacity. Guardian Angel is great for team fights if you want to grab that for team fights as the last item. Maw of Malmortius is situational. I don't think it's like super great right now. Same for Wit's End. I don't think it's super great, but it's there as a magic option. And then Navari Quickblade is actually pretty good in my opinion when you need those Alpha Strike cool downs. So, you can absolutely consider running that item. And that is basically the TLDR of the on-hit Master Yi build. All right, so the special build that I've been running in solo queue, and I'm starting to play it in high elo Korea, and I saw a lot of people were playing it before as well even with the on-hit build, but I actually go lethality and critical Master Yi, and these are the runes that you want. Hail of Blades, so you attack three times really quickly. This is legitimately all your burst. You will absolutely decimate people with this, and you'll get a reset, and you can just use Alpha Strike afterwards, right? So, you alpha, auto, auto, auto, you get a kill, and then you alpha strike again. It's peachy, really good. Trust me, this is great for ganking early as well. Next up, Sudden Impact, deceptively good rune. It does so much damage. You don't even realize how much damage it actually does, but it's true damage every time you alpha, it does damage even if you don't hit the player with alpha, but you hit them with like uh Tiamat alpha, it still applies it as well, and it's just really good. Next up, uh all these runes kind of suck. I just get Grizzly Memento so I can have my trinket up more often, but they all kind of suck. Get whatever you want here. The last one, Treasure Hunter, is my preferred rune as well, but you can also get Relentless Hunter. Really, the Hail of Blades and the Sudden Impact is what you really want. For secondary runes, we run the same thing as on-hit. Cashback will give you a ton of gold. It's not as good as on-hit because you'll get 250 gold, which is a dagger, and often times you're not looking to buy a dagger, you want to get a long sword. Long swords added a deceptive amount of damage. And then Cosmic Insight, in my opinion, 100% the best. Don't even look at triple tonic, just get Cosmic Insight for this build. When your flash is up, you insta kill people. The minor runes are the same, 10% attack speed and adaptive force with some scaling HP. Let's go ahead and hop into the game and show you guys uh the lethality items that I like to buy. Okay, so this is my build. I designed this build, I tested this build, I used calculators to determine that this build is good, and I guarantee you if you play this build 10 games, you will not go back to on hit. You can play it in top lane, you can play it in jungle. Before we get started, let me show you guys the build. All right, that is the full typical mastery build. It was after playing top lane that I realized how much extra damage you actually get from every 10 AD you buy and how important long swords actually are and how unimportant the effects of Blade of the Ruined King and other items actually are. It's crazy. So, if we take a look at the starter items, I always go green smite, I like the extra shield. And long swords are things that I just buy a ton of. Like, you will be buying a ton of long swords with this build. You will also be buying the pickaxe for an early profane hydra, and you'll be spamming crit cloaks when you get Infinity Edge, and you will eventually want a dagger for like if you get Navori or Berserker's Greaves. All right, so the big components coming up here, these are the things that you want to get like compound components of. Uh the Tiamat is a very good compound component that you want to get. The Dirk is very good because you're building a lot of lethality items as well, potentially. The Brutalizer's used for the profane hydra, so I have it here as well. BF Sword for the Infinity Edge, obviously. Noonquiver gives you Lord Dominik's and a Shieldbow, very good. And this eventually builds into the Navori. Now, let's talk about the full items. So, these components are all very good because you have to keep in mind that every little AD you get makes you much, much stronger. So, profane hydra is 100% the first item I buy every single game. It is insane. If you use my calculator, I will show you guys like some of the damage calculations or whatever if you guys want to see that. I'll include a little section to show you like basic damage. I'm not going to show you a bunch because it's it's going to take so much play. Dude, this item slaps. Like, it does so much damage in team fights. If you're like late game team fight, you could do 1,000 to 2,000 damage just from profane hydra splash damage. It applies on alpha strike. If you have collector and you hit somebody with profane, they get collected. It's just an amazing item and it's super cheap. It's 2,850 gold. Very, very cheap. It's 150 gold cheaper than a kraken. All right, so some other items you want to see that I usually build second. I build opportunity because this item's build up is very, very good with serrated dirt and the pick axe and then you get a long sword. So, this is the same build up for a collector, by the way. So, what you do is in a game, you'll buy these two items and then you'll see the collector is 1,125 and this is 825. If you buy a long sword because you want the extra damage, you can see this is 475 and collector is still 1,125. So, this item is literally called opportunity because if you don't have the opportunity to buy a collector, you buy opportunity. It's really good. And once you buy this item, you have like 47 lethality, I believe. And that means that you're doing true damage to camps. Yeah, you heard me right. You legitimately do true damage to camps. It is actually crazy damage. This is a really good option. Even if you have no crit, it's a very good option. Uh but, what I prefer to buy as a second item is the collector. So, I buy these two items and if I can get this last collector component, I will buy the collector after the profane hydra. So, the build will end up looking something like profane hydra into collector or profane hydra into the opportunity. Now, if you get collector, you're on your way to getting the crit build, right? Uh but, even if you get profane hydra, you can keep the build the same and grab yourself a collector and it's absolutely fine. Next up, you want to get infinity edge. Sometimes I'll buy this as a second item if I have enough for a BF sword. I personally think that infinity edge is fine even as a second item. It's way more random, but when you hit people, you hit people. And if you don't know, alpha strike does 200% crit damage. Like, your alpha strike will legitimately do like 5,000 damage. Like, I'm not even kidding. It will do like 5,000 damage late game. This is absolutely an item that you want to pick up, right? So, all these crit items work really well in any order, but you should always get your lethality items early. So, if I go opportunity, sometimes I won't get Collector because the games get a little late and the lethality gets weaker as it goes on. Essentially, lethality penetrates flat armor and as the game goes on they get more and more armor and it just like it's just not as effective. Lord Dom's is an item that you always want to grab with the Infinity Edge. Just really good solid item, works well on squishies as well. Great build up. Noon Quivers are fantastic cuz you get 20% crit when you build them. Super super great item. All these items are really solid. These extras are basically the sixth item. Let's assume that you buy Collector as a second item and you don't have to get any more crit. These are the items I would look at as a sixth item. Usually GA is actually super great on lethality build and the reason why is this build is a team fight build. You do not try to duel any bruisers until you have six items or five. You won't beat Renekton. With only hit you will. In this build you will not beat Renekton. You cannot solo baron very well, but your team fights are amazing. My favorite build by far and it's actually the build that I'm playing right now because I want to prove that I can get high elo with this build. We're currently sitting at like 200 LP masters in Korea server and I think that we can just continue [music] to take this build even further. And so, that's why you have been seeing me play jungle instead of top lately is because I do want to prove that this build's good and I'm not good at top. So, I've been doing the build dirty. We're going to get at least like 500 to 1,000 LP with this build and then I'll probably swap back and yeah. So, hopefully you guys liked this build. Trust me, if you have any questions about this build, please please please please leave them in the comments. I will answer everything because I want you guys to enjoy this build. I get pentakill every single day. This build is insane. Okay, let's go to the calculators and crunch some of the numbers. I don't want to bore you guys with the calculator, so I'm not going to like explain too much. I'm just going to show you guys some damages and you can look at them and make your own decisions. So, the target is a 90 armor 2,000 HP target. It's very just normal and I want to show you the damage and I want you to know that if you're running lethality and they have lower armor and HP, it's even better. So, lethality's actually at a disadvantage here and you're still going to see how good it is. All right, so the first one I'm showing you is just Master Yi doing his combo with no items. Let me explain the numbers for you so that in the future panels you can understand what's going on. With the alpha strike here, the main damage is 87, the mini damage is 65, those are the little bounces, and the white damage is the true damage from Wuju Style. With the normal autos, it's a normal auto attack plus Wuju Style damage. And with the double strike, it's double Wuju Style damage and then also the double strike damage as well. Now, let me explain that if I add an item like Rageblade, you now have blue damage, which is magic damage. And on top of that, if you see a P, that means that the Guinsoo's Rageblade has proc. It gets complicated, so we're just going to make it easy for you. With the K, that means that Kraken is proccing. So the extra number here is the Kraken. So you'll see Kraken did 92 damage on the third auto attack. Now, if we're running crit, you can actually see that the crit damage is on the item. I know it's a little hard to see because the numbers are small, but there's a lot of information here. So for example, the Infinity Edge is doing 222 of its damage as crit and 158 of its damage as true damage. So my calculator appropriately shows you how much damage each item gives you so you can make a good guess at what the most cost-efficient is. Now, you can just ignore those numbers if you just want to look at the overall damage because I don't want to bore you guys. So now I'm going to show you guys a bunch of different item combos against this uh player and you can kind of make your own decision on which build you like. Keep in mind, Halo Blades does three autos really, really quickly. So if you kill them really quickly, you don't need to do lethal tempo. Okay, so first up, we're going to show you guys all the best first item starts here and you can make your own decision with them. Now I'm going to show you guys all the best two item starts. Now, if you want to see three item starts, you're going to have to use a calculator yourself or ask me. Now, you may have noticed that the lethality and crit builds do a ton of damage, but you have to keep in mind they have no attack speed. Some of them are kind of expensive and the target has slightly more armor. If they have less armor, the lethality build will do even more damage. But, keep in mind gold is important as well. I'm going to go ahead and show you guys a game, but I'm more than happy to answer any questions in the comments that you have about these builds and help you guys design your own build. I'm super excited about lethality build and I hope you guys are too and I legitimately actually think it's a good build. I'm not even trolling. I'm not clickbaiting. It's actually pretty good. Enjoy the game. Okay, so we're going to put this ward down at 17 seconds till the camp spawn. Okay, so we're starting on the red buff. I always like starting red buff. And we're going to be looking to see if we can't get a top side gank. So, just keep an eye on this. See how aggressive Vayne is. If she pushes up past the middle point, it's definitely gankable. She's not pushing. Not gankable. And we're going to pull this wave here. Like if we did see her over push and we go towards that for the gank, we could do that. And if we can't commit to the gank, then we'll go ahead and we'll invade bot lane. Mid lane's looking pretty gankable though. I hate ganking mid. Mid ganks no bueno. Oink. All right, destroyed. We're just going to continue our full clear down here. Guys, I need convincing to watch a YouTube video to see how to clear. I'm too lazy. I had the video somewhere. I had it open. I still didn't watch it. Now I have to go find it. All right, let's go ahead and continue our clear downwards. Mid's obviously not gankable anymore. The runes are in the bottom left here. Run some hell blades. Great. All Gucci. 35 seconds on this crab. Man, dude, the earlier minute restarts kind of confusing now. I'm like really used to getting to the gromp at like 2:50. Now, I don't know if like 2:22 is slow. I guess I just bought 30 seconds earlier, so I'm in decent shape. I mean, dude, honestly this clear isn't terrible. It could be worse. Maybe should I smite for HP? I mean, a lot of people actually start blue nowadays and I can see Kha'Zix doing it for the I'm going to get level two meditate here, by the way, because Kha'Zix is really really really solid pick to take level two meditate into. Okay, he's top side. But yeah, you can see that we're fully healthy here, not really scared of Kha'Zix and now we're going to go for the other crab. All right, Kha'Zix bot side. He gave up both crabs. His clear was slow. That's why you have to learn to clear before the crab spawns. Otherwise, you're just going to lose your crab to an enemy jungler and you're going to be sad. Yeah, I thought it was weird that he would even go to the other side, but Yeah. Oh. Yeah, let's go and put a ward here and we got to recall. I think meditating into like lease into Kha'Zix is really really strong. Because Kha'Zix isn't going to have ignite because he's jungle, right? Really, meditate's only bad when champs have anti-heal ignite. Most champs don't have anti-heal. So, you will always beat him. You'll always beat him if you run the meditate. >> All right, I'm going to put down a peek behind the red buff. Let's uh get it here. That was pretty straight for jungle. I don't think match-ups matter in the jungle. I really don't think match-ups matter at all in jungle. There's no point match-up sheet for it. Though, I guess some people would probably pay for a match-up sheet. I mean, you know you know what I'm saying? Like they'd love to sub for a match-up sheet. I just think that like, you know, okay, yeah, sure. The meditate thing is kind of situational, but I don't think it really matters at the end of the day. Excellent. So, with bot lane losing prio here, I do know Kha'Zix is likely on bot side. But, I'm kind of down to go for this. Oh, yeah, he's definitely bot. I'm kind of down to go for this. He just went down there. He's [music] recalling. He has no prio on lanes. I have double smite, double upgraded smite for dragon. He doesn't have upgraded smite. So, I'm basically guaranteed to get this cuz he doesn't have the upgraded smite because I got both wolves or both crabs, I mean. So, I 100% win the dragon there if he get both crabs. All right, secured. Now, we recall. Oh, the crab's up. I'm with the crab. Oh, the scuttle crab. Yeah, I guess. I've gone for that. They are so low. Hello. Where are you going? Dude, Karma tried to steal my kill. Did you see that? All right, now we have it up for the time out. Hey. Heyo. I'll take it. Hey, okay, bro. Okay. strong. Yeah, I really just played a very dangerous game here with this Kha'Zix. I don't know. She clearly thinks that she can beat him two v one, I guess, if she's going for that. Okay, or she's just going to die. I don't know. Like, duh. I mean, like, duh. How many times I ping it? Uh, I don't know. Let's go over here. So, we grab ourselves a wolves. Now we got this, but we're not going to have the grubs yet. All right, now we got to go back, buy, and get ready. All right, let's grab this. Grab this. Now we're going to go down the grubs. We're going to run through here and grab this. We also got drag. We also have two crabs. We're going to get this one. This is all four crabs. Kha'Zix kind of lacking in the crab department. Also lacking in the dragon department. We do beat him with our level two meditate. I think he's in the crab right now. No, okay. I thought Wait, did she cancel my auto? That's crazy. I thought I hit her, but I didn't. Like, she did Like, she didn't lose any HP. That's crazy. Like, I thought I was just going to straight kill her. But, she didn't lose any HP off of that auto, so I clearly missed. Look at how much extra gold we get from that profane, by the way. We're getting like 20 extra gold. When you do grubs, profane hydra gives you a lot. Oh, wow. Okay. Oh, man. I didn't get all those. Okay, so we got grubs. We got full control of this game here. We have all the objectives for two kills. Unfortunately, did not get the Zoe there. And then our boy turned around and died to him. I could probably kill this dude. I don't have a highliner, but I really could hold the wave and he didn't manage to push at all. Killing spree. >> Yeah, so I really grabbed the wave. Malzahar's teleporting back. I cannot just run to bot. I have an entire clear that I have to worry about. And this clear's going to take me into dragon. You get to see how it like all sifts together, right? All where we need to go. All where we need to go. Then we'll go to dragon. We'll get the pickaxe component and we'll be looking are we going to get collector? Are we going to get opportunity? If we can pull by opportunity, we get it. If we can't, then we just go for collector. Opportunity is a really solid item. Is Hydra worth going for you regulars? I think you everybody should try Hydra. Everybody should try Hydra, at least once. >> [screaming] [groaning] >> I think you'll love it. You're going to love my nuts. Shut down. Okay, that's a free drag for me. I'm going to finish my grump. We want to get all of our clear out of the way, right? That way uh you know, if we die or something stupid on dragon, all of our camps are respawning. Farm is the most important. I learned that from playing top lane. When you leave top lane and you only gank, you end up falling like two levels behind. Right? Like I bet Kha'Zix. Kha'Zix is a level behind. He's going to be two levels behind really soon. All right, secured. Yeah, we're just running circles around this guy. Free. Your team has destroyed a turret. Yeah, I don't even know what she's looking for, but whatever it is, she didn't find it. She found me instead. Oh >> Oh, that's so close. He's literally right in front of me. Yeah, that was a pretty big mistake because of my cancer spotting and Kha'Zix could potentially take them. That's really where he gets his first edge. Uh uh uh uh [laughter] uh uh uh uh uh This is why we ward. This ward's going to pay off. We're going to get 300 gold from Kha'Zix and deny him. I've got to go into his bot side. Look at that. Look at that ward. Look at that. You understand now? All right, we're going to go take his stuff now. All right, so we're going to grab these uh Raptors. We just saw Lucian run through here, by the way. Let's hope he's not sitting in that bush watching me. Creeping on me. Your Raptors are all gone, sir. You thought you were counter jungling me, when in fact I was counter jungling you. He is cooked. He is cooked and unhappy. It's not how he wants to be. So, what we could do is we could recall, grab the opportunity, and what opportunity does is it literally gives us true damage on monsters. And what this allows us to do is we do our full clear. And we get true damage because we have 47 lethality and the camps all have under 50 armor. And he just lost all of his bot side, too. So, I'm going to get even more farm than him. I'm going to be two levels up on him. I'm honestly surprised he's level nine. He should be level eight. But yeah, that pink ward is like for 75 gold, we killed Kha'Zix and cleared his entire bot side for 300 gold, and then we killed him again. That pink ward literally give us like 700 gold. And it's not even uncommon for a pink ward to do that. Yeah, he's two levels down now. Jungle comebacks. Oh, wait, he's only one level down. What the What is this? This is crazy. It's actually crazy that he's keeping up with the ice cream. Isn't that crazy? Bro, he's he's 40 CS under me. I swear to goodness when I ask how people are higher level than me, you guys are always like CS. Look at the CS gap. It's 42. But somebody CS me and I ASP targets like dragon. I I what do you What do you want from me, bro? Like I'm killing stuff. I'm trying to get objectives. Trying to win the game. All right. Let's uh go get the top drugs and then go for dragon. I do wonder which one's better here, the lethality or the pickaxe. This would be something to put into my calculator a little bit later. I'm coming. We actually messed up there. We should have bought pickaxe long sword. All right, let's get third drag. And then we have our full clear again. We're sitting on almost 10 CS a minute. That's how you do it. I feel like with jungle, it's so hard to get 10 CS a minute. Or sorry, with top. With jungle, it's so easy. Yeah, I personally think that you buy opportunity if it's just something you can afford. And if you can't, you just go collector. Or sorry. Does that make sense? Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Because you want crit. But you also want your power spike more. And opportunity gives you insane power spike. And it's not even a bad item. Like the actual most feed actually saved me last game. I was walking away from a tower and then my meditate came up from the move speed. Yeah, I I mean, take opportunity if you can and you can do collector, right? Like sometimes you can just get a collector and you don't have to worry about it. All right, let's go back into his jungle. They're a little deep. This Aurelion Sol obnoxious, bro. All right, let's go back for the pickaxe and then let's go for the river thing here. Yeah, Allah. I think I don't know why he's pinging me. I have no idea, bro. Just typical tilt calculator things, I guess. Is he not there? I don't know where I'm messing up. I have no idea. I was like not paying attention. All right. I I really I really don't understand what his problem is. I have no clue. Oh, I'm messing still here. I need to finish this collector. I just going to push top. Your turret has been destroyed. Yeah, you're not getting any of this, all right? This is all mine. Would have been yours if you didn't shut up. I have her muted. I don't understand. Did we not mute her? Like comms abuse, but it didn't mute her pings. I don't know. All right, dude, it is really, really odd to me that my team has been It is actually really, really odd to me. I would be happy to have me on my team, by the way. I'm just saying. Your team has destroyed a turret. All right, like it's not my fault that they're not team fighting drag because I know they shouldn't. All right, I literally just got his dragon soul. Now I'm going to go back and farm again. Like got to farm. Need some CS, boys. Your team has destroyed a turret. Your enemy has been slain. Oh, I absolutely can't wait for voice comms, either. Good like I don't know. I feel like I'm just going to mute people and talk over them. Scout is the greatest. >> Enemy killing spree. I'd love to do Baron, but we need our team at the Baron. We don't have Karma, though. >> Bro, I need my credits to work. Bro, he's still Brother, he has three dragons and he's still He has dragon soul. He has dragon soul and he's still We don't have a tank. We have no tank for this. Like it's not that I'm taking damage. The problem is is I'm doing less damage, right? All right, let me finish my frogs and head towards bot side. It He just rage quit. He just rage quit. >> [laughter] >> What the Back to farming. Almost have Lord Dom's. I'm not going to lie. Now is a decent time to group and fight. I want to get my Lord Dom's though. And then I'll get my red. Four items. Dude, I don't know how you only have 1150 bounty, bro. I mean, to be fair, Karma's not in the fight, either. I've got to grab this, grab red, and then I'll go group mid. I mean, team's all spread out. >> All right. I do damage. And GG. Look at that, guys. Look at that. Ping me Ping me out of happiness, Sivir. Surely he's pinging me out of happiness. I don't know what they want from me. I literally played that game perfectly. Almost. Except like at the end, yeah, I maybe should have grouped, but they were long before that. I thought that game was great. I thought it was great.
