Title: DOPA : Unrank to Rank 1 CN Super Server - Day 1 / Engsub
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mk3DS400eog

Content:
Hmm... not really sure Guess I gotta try it Play it clean Why isn’t this going off? It’s not casting bro He came in just to get smacked and leave lol Bruh hehe You little punk Whoa hehehehehehe Ahhh I should’ve thrown that from range lol He’s going top like that? Why’d I even help mid for no reason man You gotta fight properly there, what are you doing?
Jungle’s doing nothing Yeah this feels like one of those games...
bad jungler = auto lose early Like literally just doomed If he went top, just clear camps fast and punish
why is he babysitting top? Is he dumb? Doesn’t even feel like a jungle player honestly What a clown I mean yeah I’m kinda crazy but Uh... I should’ve just stayed in lane and fought
instead of roaming like that Ahh it’s just doomed now But thinking about it...
if I didn’t go, other lanes would’ve been completely dead Gap would’ve been massive anyway At least I kept them barely alive, like 0.5 human status lol Ah I’m dead This guy seriously... Still not coming? Nice~ hehehehe nice timing Thank you~ Yeah I’m dead here Man seriously... He’s looking bot Oh my god This is so tilting man There’s literally no answer Ah hahaha No way bro Stop stop
First game already cursed
This makes no sense Feels like I’m playing with silver/gold players Nice nice nice Yeah this is just griefing They’re not even playing the game Something’s been off lately Start of season be like this huh Yeah no way, from level 3 that play already made zero sense Man these idiots should not be in this game First game and I’m already max tilted Like when you hit tower, you gotta stay inside range properly Hmm not that impressive honestly Okay the flame effect is pretty sick though Bro stop messing around already Yo that support is kinda trolling lol When you hit inside that power zone you gotta be a bit careful though Bruh my auto attack just won’t go off Viktor already strong as hell and now he got even more stacks… sheesh I can’t even tell how much time is left I’m kinda hesitating in front of that power Ah I got no mana Position was kinda awkward Should I drop gravity field? If I did, that was probably a full wipe Niceee Yo that hit clean Hmm Is this the timing? Why is this guy playing so passive though Like seriously Honestly I should just go for a dive here Wait this might actually work Man that pathing is actually criminal How do you leave Katarina like that Yo that auto is supposed to pierce btw Double kill baby That burn damage just ticked him out If that killed Lucian— nah Draven instead that would’ve been clean 인정이지 But it’s not that strong huh Why does it look so weak lol I got no mana man Why am I always out of mana Got it There’s no way I can even touch him Uh… Uh… Bro are you serious right now Ah what do I even do, we’re doomed today This game is not winnable man Actually impossible to win Hehehe what is even happening Yeah this game’s over Yo Lucian why you keep recalling bro Not even defending base Ah we’re getting pushed hard here Yeah it’s over… damn We overextended way too much That was kinda nasty though Bot lane, bot lane Yo that’s good, Trix is calling us Tried to combo it together but missed it sadly He keeps not taking the trade and just countering instead Ah my cannon minion… He’s backing again Wait is this playable? Something feels off… like desync or what Ah, ah Starting strong just feels so good man Bro you’ve only played 3 months? You’re kinda cracked though I should get out Beer time 🍺 Is this still spawning or what? Hey… do you love me or nah? Bro why can’t I hit this laser… I’m trolling LET’S GO, we won one! Wait, we had Gumayusi on our team?? No wonder we won lol But like, Aery gives shield AND utility right?
So how is it stronger than that dead burn rune? Makes no sense bro Obviously they released it OP at first, right? From like a balance standpoint Where am I getting placed…
Please just give me Plat or Emerald If I get stuck in Silver again like last time,
I’m actually gonna lose it Yeah yeah, come at me—like you’re actually gonna hit me Got him! Wow I just got rolled there I mean… bot lane isn’t exactly the type to “play safe” anyway Comet feels kinda weak now Lowkey feels trash Back then, Zed would’ve died from that damage for sure Wait what? If you’re trying to stop recall,
just hold the skill—don’t throw it randomly Why are you coming all the way here?? Nah I gotta go, this ain’t it There’s literally nowhere to move here I think he’s tilted… maybe crying Ekko doesn’t have Ignite yet,
so I probably won’t get solo killed What are you doing? Huh?? Wow… this game is actually going insane Eh, burned Flash… whatever Group up Why did Ronaldo just get executed?? I pulled all the aggro too… Nice! Yo that’s huge! Let’s just avoid that guy and play smart Yeah it’s him for sure, 100% on the other side Man this game is actually about to explode Honestly guys, this isn’t even League anymore This is just pure chaos mode right now They hard reset everything, so now it’s just
20-minute clown fiesta simulator Didn’t wash this champ skin issue—
so I’m playing in a different outfit lol Feels like they’ll gank early for sure Ugh this feels so bad, man Wait what? He walks in, tanks 3 hits, and leaves?? Actual madman Using W like that?? Huh? So the main carry here is— Wait, nah this damage is actually insane Yo this hits HARD, guys Look how fast they’re melting Haha, okay Hmm… this might actually be gone already This one’s kinda doomed Yeah this is gone for sure Don’t push, don’t push Man just inted his body for that kill Respect honestly Doesn’t even look painful But that trade gave MF double buffs Before bot lane even started That’s HUGE impact We gotta spread them out, if we full fight— I think we win now though Ah My bad Ahh I missed the cannon 😭 No way that lives, you trolling?? He survives with like 60 HP btw Yeah he KNOWS it too That’s why he backed off Pulled out clean My nose is dying man LOL Bro Talon ain’t it today What is this guy doing? This is so awkward Don’t fight If we full commit here— We somehow lose these fights Don’t take it Damn bot lane is kinda popping off Not gonna lie Ah I should’ve just left This is dragging too long, I gotta go This is kinda awkward Alright let’s do it Better to just break it Yo that was dangerous as hell 💀 Nah I can’t win this Why is he so strong?? But still… I can’t just back down mentally Gotta keep the ego fight going 😤 Feels like they’re baiting, trust once? Careful They’re on me I’ll take camps and go Don’t even need to base Cooldowns are down anyway Let’s farm a bit more Why they taking everything man Yo this— I might die before I kill him Oh thank god Why does Talon scale forever Even when lane is doomed?? This champ is illegal bro NICEEE Don’t hold back, use everything If we get him, they come instantly Man… He keeps teasing like he’ll leave but doesn’t So annoying My pathing is way too long here Nidalee’s probably coming too Might’ve been spotted mid already Why is everything spawning now Got it That was CLEAN Yo Talon is just— Actually cracked Why is he so broken?? Right to the head What was that play?? Awkward or just int?? That burn effect actually looks good though What even is that? Yeah you just ignore that Ah it’s shield Can’t really hit through shield Mark applied Proc it— Max damage timing If you land the laser— —you get the burn damage too, chat. Wait… what? Yo but my HP— why did it drop THAT much?! 15?! Nah I can’t go in, this is bad. Did his W get buffed or what? Bro I almost missed cannon 💀 Ahh that was kinda fun. Feels like I *almost* have a kill angle… Hmm… Maybe that play was a bit troll. Hehehe. Forced disengage. Wait I might get deleted— No way he tanked Aftershock too. That hurts a lot. Ah… It’s way too quiet… This ain’t a dream anymore. Wait, wasn’t he top side? Catch him! Boing! You just Q like this— play it safe, even without spells. Ahh we lost that… Can I see it? With Yone + Bel’Veth— using ult is actually so hard here. Even if I ult— it barely hits like one tick. Whether I go in— or when they run, same problem. They’re probably on it. I gotta take this, it’s free value. I’ll use it. Not sure how far this goes. They’re all gonna group for dragon anyway. Drop a ward, man… Okay stop here. How do they keep hitting that?! This— You here? Let me try. Now I can’t even recall… I was trying to base but these guys— keep fighting! Wait… this might be bad. I really can’t die here. Okay… they don’t see me. This fight is sooo bad. Alright. I gotta live, even if everyone dies. Oh— I might need to ult here. This too— we’re taking fights separately, bad idea. If we keep doing this— our positioning is terrible. Huh? Suddenly? What are you doing? We have ZERO vision here. Please hit them, Leona… We need to run. Why are we fighting?! I mean… if we commit, it might work. At least I didn’t get one-shot. They got Baron… this actually makes macro worse. Yo we even gave crab?! I think we can scale now. Our position just got exposed. This is sooo bad. It literally can’t get worse than this. Uh— Ah…
475
01:00:53,400 --> 00:00:55,600
Mid needs to reposition ASAP. Maybe I should’ve grouped at the end…
