Title: THE BEST VIEGO GUIDE FOR 2026 👑 Runes, Builds & Gameplay Explained
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C9j71ivxN6g

Content:
Hello YouTube. In today's video, I will show you how to play Viego and how to climb with him to the top tiers. I've been playing Viego at Apex Sears for years and he's one of my favorite champion. Now, first take a look at his new Revenant Rain VGO, which some would consider the best skin in the entire League of Legends. Not only that, but VGO also just got a massive buff. Who would have thought when the skin comes out, right? VGO just got a massive buff and I would actually say that most tier lists show that VGO his VR is apparently pretty low but that is straight up not true. I would say VGO is a pretty complicated champion to play but if played correctly his win rate should skyrocket and that goes for you. And here I will show you first of all which runes you should be playing, which kind of play style, and also give you a full guide on how to play the champion from A to Z. Enjoy. My blade is yours. >> Okay, first of all, take a look at the pick rate chart. That is absolutely ridiculous how his pick rate skyrocketed. Um, which leads to probably the VGO skin, which is so funny that now they buff him, right? Because they just want more people to play him, of course, if they are starting to sell the skins, which makes total sense from a business perspective, right? Okay. So, for the for the itemization, Lola Analytics is in general a very good site to track which um items will be the best. And now since this patch, I would highly recommend to go 100% um Kraken into collector here. Even if collector first is highest win rate, it doesn't straight up makes no sense because with Kraken say you clear the jungle camps way better and I assume that people buy collector if they're already in snowball position. Now best is 100% either Kraken or Trinity both completely fine. I would recommend Kraken Slayer into collector. It is highest damage output, one-shot burst combo. Really, really high valuable advantages with with Trinity. Um, you can play better long extended fights. With Trinity, you are a little bit more tanky, which in some situations can be very valuable, but I go more glass cannon kind of build. You go T1 boots, of course. And I would recommend to go cash back with FGO now because you want to get to the items as soon as possible. Do not buy the T2 boots, but wait until you have third item finished, which will be either shield bow or wait, I need to scroll down here. So, I will show you. You buy Kraken Slayer, then you buy boots, then you buy collector, and then you go either chill bow, LDR, Lord Dominics, Infinity, depending on the game. And afterwards, very simple, you can see in the itemization here as well. Afterwards, again, Lo Dominics, Infinity, Chipo, if you haven't bought it already. And then fifth and sixth item is always GA defense. Okay, that's the entire VGO build every single game. You can go bruiser build more of tanky style. Don't do it. Learn to believe VGO correctly with tips and tricks and tools and cheesy gameplay. go more of the assassin build, the the crit build, the glass cannon build, but trust me, you're going to get rewarded, especially until master tier. If you're in between bronze or master tier in this massive bracket of elo, right, there can be a lot of elos you could be in. Quipit is straight up cry build is straight up better and in every single game. If you fail with it, then you just didn't pay correctly, but then you have rooms to improve on. Okay, that's about the build. Let's talk about the beautiful runes. For runes, it's actually very simple. We can take a look here. Um, we go, of course, collector into triumph into electricity. Very simple with VGO always. Now, after that, I would recommend to go h coupe the gr because you want to execute people again with collector. Okay, you want to execute them so you get your resets. VGO needs reset. Once VGO has reset, let's say now to lo in the beginning of the fight, you won the fight. Fight is on. If you play it well, fight is one. You can auto attack with now to lose Q. You can go back to VGO. You can W. It's ridiculous, right? Okay. Then you go cash back, not boots. Boots is fine. Boots is completely fine. But I like the crit build, full damage output with cashback. I'm going to play a lot. This for those who don't know, Zeneras coaching is my um account. I'm going to play to challenger of Master Yi. Okay, for those who don't know. So, I'm going to play a lot of JGO Charvin um all on this account. Okay, so this is like master grandmaster tier plus. Okay, now triple tonic cashback. Triple tonic gives you again 1.8 long swords. It's 18 AD. Very, very valuable. Okay, nice. Beautiful. Better than cosmic insight. Attack speed 80, scaling health. Jungle always scaling health. That simple attack speed better because you play a lot of auto attacks because you are in the end an auto attack champion. That is it. And I'm so excited. I you see in my smile I'm actually very excited. I am loving this and I'm going to be playing so much VGO. Okay, let's go. And I'm already not excited anymore. What is this? I tried to swap with my support to get first pick earlier. We pick my VGO way. I'm going to dodge it. I want to play VGO. Okay, we got into the game here now. Finally. This is master tier plus. and throughout the entire game. But those who don't know how I do it in educational games always is I'm going to try to do it of course in an entertaining way but also to mainly get the improvement out for all of us. I'm going to be explaining all the faults and things I'm going to be doing. Go enjoy. You play against with go. You most likely will be just full clearing. You can also look for early invades if you want to depending on how mid lane goes. This game we could already invade. I'm also going to do that here because it's so optimal against uh a Gven with ghost, right? I'm going to ward here. So, I see the entrance. She could have this warded. Even if she has it warded, it doesn't matter because you win the stat check. Okay, that's could be really good. So, we see the ward here. >> I will be there. >> We win the one v one. >> A fighter. >> We got our ghost. She should not be walking up that far. He needs a flash now. She [ __ ] it up. I try to smite the big one here in time. Guide my blade. I'm going to get level two here. >> And I'm level two now. I just kite. I just run. Keep running. Keep running. She has no ghosts. Z wastes more and more time. That's completely fine. By the way, we want to waste as much time as possible from the Zet. Okay, we zone. Millio needs to also come. We're going to base here. >> We still don't see the Z. >> Now we see Zed. Now we just base. We don't have smite, so we can't go deeper on her jungle. But we already [ __ ] the Gwen completely through this. You don't need to do these shenanigans if you don't want to. >> But I do it because I'm straight up stronger than Gwen early on. I still have flash. And now I do the normal full clear. And she is legit [ __ ] because she is already um losing part of her jungle. I'm going to go wrap up into Krux. With that, I'm going to be level three because then I have chickens wrap up and Krux and I just basically want to go for normal K. We got so much time mid and now keep in mind Oriana [ __ ] it up completely and she's ahead in CS now. That's legit because of our early invade. Even if Ben invades our bots side now we are completely fine. Now we see her eight CS. You see she is completely [ __ ] Still level two. Now Renekton even kills her. Holy [ __ ] Now keep in mind if there's let's say you're weaker in the jungle. Let's say you don't think you win level one. Then you just do normal full clear chickens crux wrap buff botside clear. I would not recommend to start blue buff. I'd recommend to mostly start rap before chickens because then chickens are crux respawn faster. Going to go top scuttle here actually. Then I try to run back to bot scuttle then has to decide which side she's going to go. I put a ward here most likely. W charge. Put a ward here. Look top lane. Now important is if you go for early invades, you don't want to gank. You don't want to gank. I'm going to control the ward here. Just walk through mid lane. We don't want to kill the set, but we want to walk through here. We still have flash. We see me. We see a failure, so we can't die. We check the scuttle here. She has to be on her botside camps. My Orana needs to be a bit careful. I could have communicated that I don't want to continue a longer gank cuz I waste too much time. And we go for chickens rec clear. >> I actually don't want this because set has pri and just go to my bot cams. Keep in mind I have still all my camps up while it's enemy camps are down. Okay, because Oriana's a base. I first get the million CS here. >> Yeah, it's completely fine. I could have I should have gotten two here. And now check my bot cams into base. Keep in mind I got both scuttles. I got all my camps done. So even if Ben wanted to invade right now, she couldn't. You see she checks scuttle and then she notices there's no scuttle. She goes to invade. So she there's no camps up. She's basically lost right now. Just important is that we g we spam gank top lane that he doesn't die stupidly. Eat a wall. Now we're going to keep dangering him. He still survive and has to be top side. 20 CS. I'm on 29 CS. And that's all because of the early chickens invade, right? She's completely cool. If it was a noble full, you just go bot skull and then you try to regain. If you don't find ganks early, then you just go to clear camps again, which is also completely fine. All right, we're going to smite this just to be a tiny bit faster. Now we have 1 point 1.3k gold. Always buy triple long sword and a dagger. Maximum gold spent. Hardborn X will be 20 attack damage, 20% attack speed. Triple long sword is 30 attack damage, 10% attack speed. It's the it's the most valuable out of the buys you can go. So always buy long shots first and then you buy attack speed. We can eat a wall here. Even if a Gwven would see our E somewhere, wouldn't matter too much. Our pathing is in general pretty obvious. And you can also not eat a wall and just eat a floor. Probably a tiny bit better looking at it. W to get close. Now the play is going to be chickens into taking the control ward into top scuttle. Then we are level six. H maybe not yet. And then we play for the dragon. She cannot she could do early dragon sneak, but then she lose a lot of tempo on the map. W to gap. Close. Be a bit careful of the Z spawn in 10 seconds. I'm going to ward this bush just to be sure of Z not coming. We have full top lane control. I don't know where Ven is. I'm just going to chill in this bush to be a living ward right now for the Grenton. And we're going to start with Q out attack W out. And now we're going to eat this wall a little bit safer than the wall to the left. Going to smite this. You could potentially base here if you wanted to. And then you buy rectric but I'd rather stay and go for botsside cams and then also check the dragon maybe >> nowhere to be seen >> probably resetting on scarlet would have been better just one risky thing is that I could be on vision and then said and Gwen could engage on me and this way it's just very very safe right we want to get Kraken as soon as possible we see her 43 CS we are ahead of her now we're level six we also have our elixy of force I'm not scared that she does the dragon because she's not in time if she goes top side Now, not only am I very ahead in CS and XP, but also I'm going to use my I'm going to use my elixir here for the extra damage. And now I'm going to do dragon myself then base full top caps. I'm in full control over the over the map already, right? And for the VGO games, by the way, I'm pretty sure there's a lot of people new to the channel or a lot of people that want to like learn VGO now from Fresh. Um, I'm going to be playing a lot of Viego Jungle in the upcoming weeks, months on the Zeneras coaching account on stream on Twitch, first of all, and second of all, I'm also considering to upload Vots on the Zeneras Vots channel. And I'm also going to be uploading on the main channel here some vehicle games because he is after all one of my favorite champions. And after the buffs, of course, I want to um play him as much as possible. Right. >> Yeah. They could have maybe pinged that vehicle we went as top but it was pretty obvious. Do I need to take top wave? Looks like it got a full wave to take. Okay, this game looks like a pretty free win. We're in full control of the game. We don't let the set get any plings here. >> Love is eternal. >> We don't need to push next round. We can also freeze this cannon. But I'm in full control. I'm going to go to grubs immediately. We see three people on the map. I also have the vision control so I'm not scared at all anyone comes keep in mind count how many enemies you see on the map one of the biggest fundamental exactly like I teach it from the course guys we see them on the map so only two people could be on me and set most likely wants to base so that means only Gwen could be on me and Gven one doesn't win so I can do these grubs with a good confidence right now if media was missing I would be more careful on this grubs play leading to me having a very low chance ever of losing in the game. The bot scal is up, but I prefer taking top side camps. We want to get as fast as possible to Kraken slayer and boots. The players could also be chickens into rapper into bot scuttle. See that top side? Good pings from Ori. And after bot scuttle immediately base, then I have enough gold through cash back for Kraken into boots. After Kraken, we buy T1 boots. And then we stay on T1 boots and buy collector second. Okay. Yeah, I got to be quick now. She could be rushing that also. Don't have mid lane control. Zona in base, but she's coming. I don't have smite. I'm pinging. I might need to give this guy here. Another old out if I don't think I win. That doesn't seem like I'm going to be in a winning position here. So, I'm just going to disengage here. I still have my flash. I'm completely fine at this position. Not really scared of anything. I just used my flash and old, which is not optimal. again. I should have tracked that Ori is in base. I pinged her a lot, but the moment she didn't come, my mistake was that I didn't listen. And I need to adapt on the position. If Ollie was there, too, I'm pretty sure we straight up hard win this. Um, but I can't be in a risky position. So, it's fully my fault, right? You smite this away. She's 70 CS. We have 94. We are very ahead of her. And I really want to get a base off. I don't want to fight. No. WHAT DO YOU THINK RIGHT NOW? Why do I not want to fight right now to or anything? Even though we have now Orana and Zona, I'm going to eat this wall just to pressure the Aados because now Aados doesn't let annoy the Zona freezing the wave. Okay, the reason I don't want to fight is very simple. First, I don't have my item yet. Second, I don't have flash. Third, I don't have old. Fourth, we fight for no objective. It's a waste of time to go for that fight here. Rather, you reset. Now you are strong. old than 46. We can wait that as well. And now we can look for a play on the map if we wanted to. My chicken spawn in 24 on the burn. Perfect. We really want to find a top fight because Renekton is so fat. Most likely not going to happen. I'm going to invade here. We see Metio again on the map. This could be really good. >> The fight begin. >> Yeah, there's no play optional. He didn't keep walking up. They bought. Okay, we see Gwen on the map. Gwen doesn't try a top lane gank. We just let Renekton do his thing in that case. I also don't see how we can dive the this guy. So, I'm just not going to play for that right now. That is really trying to win. I like that a lot. Making the game way more spicy. Now, we push the wave because Oriana's straight up dead. She would lose the minion wave anyways. If if set is base, we can even get baiting here. There we go. Oh, I need to insta because of her ghost. I think I can even fight her because I have Kraken Slayer, but that was a bit close. I really want to get enemy chickens, but it's I can't. It's too risky. Just going to W and hold out here in this position. Going to get my bots cams. Maybe play for the dragon. If I didn't hold out, I would have lost that fight a lot because she would get a lot of damage output before getting out. and also sidestepped her cues pretty well. General pushing the tower plating is debatable if that was already too greedy from my end. >> Slave to the eye. I am the god scuttle here first. >> You are the wind. >> S of war. >> Okay, we have always coming. I'm full HP again. I also have strong smite. We see set on the mini map. So I can take the dragon now. Now I take the dragon first because the dragon would run out and lose ago. >> Going to get grumba for this. See Gwen. No, no, no, no, no. We don't need to fight because I don't have old. I don't have flash. I'm also going to danger pin this. And now Oriana. This is so beautiful example. Now for a lot of you guys, it's easy to not fight, right? It makes sense. >> The Oriana is master tier and is question pinging me. Why am I is he not fighting >> dragon? Just you see you see beautiful. You can take away a lot through that. >> People are not getting better. You needs to get better. Okay. >> Force of >> you don't follow that. She's 01. She's losing lane basically. Right. My point is you need to win the game, not her. Your knowledge needs to be good enough. She doesn't know how the game works. I'm here to win it and that you need to treat it the same way. And don't be mad at Dorina for pinging you because she doesn't know better. I'm not like, well, what is Dori doing? She's so stupid. She's not so stupid. It's not that easy. It looks promising. We did have numbers, but my I'm going to try to take control and not be mad and focus on me. Okay, now we don't fight this because they don't have wall. They don't have flash. Terrible, terrible fight. We can never get up. Set is stronger. There's no reason to fight. Oh my god, this recklessness destroying this Gven. Holy moly. We are in full control of this top lane gap. Now the play is simple. We're going to get rap buff into her. We're in a very beautiful position. So I'm going to give you guys a second game. Um I'm going to stop this game here because we straight up have top lane gap and now I'm also in full control. Two levels ahead 10 CS per minute. You already had a very nice idea how to play VGO. You can replicate it for your games. But I'm going to give you a second game where I also don't get too many shenanigans early and I hope I have losing teams. So you can also see it from the perspective going from behind. All right, we're starting now our second game here. Again, full master tier. The event from before I just checked was 200 LP master tier. And for those who are curious how the game turned out to be, we ended up 10 and zero with 11 CS per minute. We got soul, we got Baron, and we ended the game minutes 25. Another tip I can give you as a coach, try to end the game very early. We got so Baron and ended the game minutes 24. For some it would feel like a 40minute game, but trust me, we need to make the game go as little as possible because then we have the most control as a jungler. Okay, so from this perspective, we could again invade and do the exact same thing. Just Riven is annoying. But I'm not going to do any of those. I'm going to make this game very calm in the early game. So we have um so you guys see also some um yeah some mac some tips and tricks I can give you on that side. Let's get it started. By the way, if anyone of you wants to get better, make sure to check out the complete climbing course in the description. I have one free video for you guys as well there to learn all the fundamentals mid lake macro mentality psychology. If you want to climb, if you want to see, okay, finally I can reach my goal, then I can help you out as much as I can. I've been coaching for years and I'm very glad to be helping you guys out. Check it out in the description and I wish you much love. Now with the second vehicle game, we do chickens into Krux. Reason being is simply you on your second clear before you base, you want to clear chickens and crux one more time. You always want to base when you have around 1.5k gold in general, right? I make you didn't hit the big one here. Tricky. All right. Game looks completely fine. So far, not too much action. Exactly like we wanted. I also hope my top lane is losing as an example. And again, this is already like 200 300 LP master tmmr on the burn. Nice. Okay, we wait of using the elixir a little bit in this position. I'm going to put two points in Q. It's faster for the clear. Now we use elixia. So we have it perfectly when we base and we have it as long as possible on the value. See how I kite it already upwards. Try to replicate that as much as you can. Now look how I do the out attack perfectly with the burn so I don't need to do many out attack looks pretty good actually. She ward it. She has a good vision now. I don't see a gank option. Just going to play top scuttle. We don't want to show you early yet. Need a wall out attack. W out attack Q out attack. The Riven and Akali both see me fine. We see enemy chickens respawn time is the exact same. So EK has the exact same clear. He's spot in. I'm going to spam that. We can use this in war deep here. We can't dive of course. Going to eat a wall. So we stay in poker four. Echo is right now mid side. You could again invade enemy chickens and be annoying and it would work out and you are insanely annoying with that >> which I didn't want to do intentionally again. But okay, if he trolls us now, you have to go enemy chickens or you already reported >> in her name >> here. Could be ours already. Nice. After this, we take our chickens into our crux of the base. We check mid lane. Maybe it's gankable. Yeah, not gankable. We need a wall. The wave looks really, really bad for him. The wave looks really The wave looks really bad for Ken. So, he has to stay to push the wave so it crashes. other ways. He just loses so much value, right? Cuz he loses all those minions in the next waves >> after my crux. I want to base. You can also base here if you are scared that echo invades your wolves in 18 seconds, which I don't think that's going to happen in mastery elo. Insta smite it cuz we have two smites. So two smites, you always want to use it. Perfect base. Once we base, we think about items we're going to buy. >> An ally has >> go for an invade. Yes. 33. He could try to go for an invade. Which items am I going to buy? It is an interesting reset. You don't need to copy it because you don't need that many long swords, right? You have one long sword too much. Actually, with cash back, I think it's not that good. I think dagger and control is better. So, we have dragon faster, but I want to have as many long swords as possible because long sword is raw damage output. We check Grompia first because he could have invaded me, right? Also, we have enemy chickens respawn time. I know 1 minute, which I could take on respawn. the beasts of this jungle, >> which is very valuable. I'm going to try a mid lane gank here and is still level now. He has level six though. It should be fine. He didn't flash. I probably don't find a gank, but there's nothing on the map I can do. I also have up. They will fight for me. >> Use once a fight turns out. We just chase that. We don't need to kill him, but we just annoy him. He loses a lot of waves, right? Which is very annoying. Now we see Echo here. Wait until he ss follow up with that. Kill the castadine because he can't fight. I have old, right? It's very ridiculous from them to in the first place thinking that I should be fighting cuz I still straight up do have old and they they just don't, right? So, I just find a very easy way to kill them. We check BK. We can also get enemy chickens if you want to. >> If I reach her, though, she's dead. So, I'm going to try to chase that all. And we got another kill. Now, we walk to the scout. We can take this band if you want to. My does absolutely nothing, but we just do it because we [ __ ] can. That's how cool VGO is. We don't care about the dragon right now because I have item. It's going to be chickens into base probably. No, I don't really need to invade enemy chickens. Because if if you invade enemy jungler, you [ __ ] up the enemy jungler. Do you need to [ __ ] up the enemy jungler to win? No, because I am the monster right now. This is how you should view it when you're fed. You don't try to [ __ ] up the echo so he can't do anything. You focus on yourself. So like if you both farm and you're just 10 times faster, you are already out competing like crazy. We wait boots here by the way. I think in this position I'm also going to go rax rapper and then I'm going to play dragon or top gra if I want to also completely fine. Okay. I wanted this game to be a little bit harder. It seems to be again an easier one. Um but there's already a lot of a lot of information that that I was able to share here today already. And as I said there's going to be so much vehicle content going to come and I I would really love to see you guys there. So, if you like and subscribe, if you follow me on Twitch, um I would really appreciate. Also, subscribe on the scenarios bots channel because I'm going to be posting my educational videos there as well. Now, we're not going to play dragon because grabs is more important than than dragon. And our entire topside camps are up, which is just again high value. And look at echo items. Look at my items. I'm just way way faster on the clear. So it's just also straight up just smart to go for that in this position. W reset. Perfect. Our Kraken proc so often that's also insane. That's on the burn. We can put a ward here. Echo should be playing for dragon. You see Bodkar spawns in 34. That's what we're going to play for as well. If he doesn't do dragon in now this window right now, I'm also going to secure Botkar land dragon and he's in a really good position then. I think >> I don't need to check enemy chickens. They're down. >> The enemy scaled spawns in 10 seconds. Just try to be faster here. >> Now Kazin could have killed her if I wasn't there covering right now. By the way, we see Saraka. We see Kasin. I'm not scared of face checking. I'm not scared of anything. We just try to play for Scut here. >> This is actually very deep for me. What stunned me? I think echo W stunned me. Okay, I need my communication was not good enough. I should have done the scarlet and then installed it out my greedy ass. Wanted to kill them all. U girl 420. Show me. SHOW ME. AH, SHE COULD HAVE stolen it. She No, she had it. An >> ally has been slain. >> Cannot be halted. >> Dragon's on six H. She had it. No, forgot headed. Sad face. That would be so funny. This is actually a good thing because it makes the game more spicy. Now I did a mistake. What mistakes did I do? Looking at the fundamentals from the course, guys. What mistake did I do? I did not respect the numbers advantage. Didn't respect the biggest fundamental. I deserve to die from that position there. Completely fine. Now play would have been secure scuttle all over the wall out because we don't have numbers which is cringe that we weren't in position in the first place. My communication wasn't good enough. My team was not in position. There's a lot of things we could be putting ourselves in the blame pos position now. Um or like try to improve our communication or just review it from the first p perspective. But I think our takeaway here is just take the scuttle hold out. Give the dragon. We got scrubs already. Don't be too greedy from the Bible. And that's it. Interesting. I hold in 15. I flashing right up right now. Kai top. I could walk up here. We do have numbers disadvantage again. Going to charge him my W here. Oh my god, that was insanely well done from the enemies. That was really well done. But you see how fast I almost die just because of numbers disadvantage. >> Zako again really really well done. You see how dangerous this is here for me. They can just kill me. She could E flash me maybe. That's all just because of numbers disadvant even though I'm so insanely fed. Like I myself get so often surprised still from numbers disadvantage. >> They killed me the first engage almost and the second engage almost even though I'm giga fat and I had tower and I had this first charge onto them technically speaking right. That's insane. Of course you can blame your Zoraka. You can say you can blame your kami. You can say smurfing right. There's so many things you can do. Or you just take say, "Oh, I'm trying to learn. I'm trying to get better. I'm not going to blame. I'm going to improve." That's another thing you can do it. When I want to stay until I have my collector, I also want this guy to engage if possible. Well played. Really well played. Nice. When I'm trying to push the need to be careful of echo here, out W. Use a casting W as out reset. Need to be careful of the Riven again. would like to go enemy red but we don't see Riven so it's too tricky we cannot going to be chickens into crux into wrap up here in this position game gets very spicy that woke me >> maybe I base after this and buy collector but then I don't have enough gold for another long sword like cashback will give me some gold but not enough gold I think it's better to sec my bot camps first cashback already gave me 240 gold just with kraken 8% that's 3kise >> this is also going to give me 240 gold base here. Now I'm going to danger pink bot side. Care echo bots jungle track. Going to put a ward here because they sometimes go for this like the Kasin is really good at doing so, right? I'm going to cover this side. We also still don't buy T2 boots. I honestly don't have the feeling that I need that. I have gaps W my E. I have movement speed from other champions. I I do get boots from other champions too when I pick them up. So I really don't need boots. It feels like 24. I'm going to kill this Riven. Now we're going to try to play with our numbers advantage. should be going to walk. I hope Ekko also participates here. >> This eyeed on my will. >> The goal was just to get this the smite off so I get the extra assist. Oh my god, is Riven broken? Holy [ __ ] Riven. Oh my god, that wave. Like it's like you feel the infinity stones in your hand when you pick up Riven. Another thing I love FGO for by the way. You feel other champions. You have the infinity stones in your hand when you pick up Riven. You're like, "Wait a second. This is how power feels like." >> Every Riven main is triggered now. Okay, we're going to push this tower here. >> Can also rotate bot, but I think it's even better to push. >> An enemy has been slain. >> We can't push it. Pretty good wave clear. IA's basing, so I'm going to take this. Ekko's dead, so I'm going to take his entire top sec here, too. What the [ __ ] Maybe the inst is pretty bad. Keep in mind that VGO gets giga countered by Flash. Okay, Flash is the biggest VGO counter. You got to be very careful with that. I first got my level 13 here. Wait for U girl 42069. That name is crazy. I think I'm going to base here. Probably not have enough bro for a full item. I'm going to stay. I want to base when I have a full item. >> That's 9 1,000 gold more. Covering the Jinx a little bit. Hope she gets engaged. I'm going to play Herold here. Look at my pings as well. I'm not going to danger ping Nyla because I want her to play the game. Oh, good. >> Oh my goodness. >> A nice try from him though. >> Also, I can't wait to play Echo. Honestly, >> game looks really spicy now. Still don't have enough gold for my item. I'm going to stay until I have it. Going to push top lane on on top lane. You get so many resources as well. I'm going to just consume as much as I can here. Let get the cannon. We don't plan on killing the cassing. Keep in mind we plan on. We don't care what our team says. We know what is the best. And now I say sorry, need my item. Sorry, got item now. And she's legit dead. So, okay, no problem. You see, completely fine. buy this. And I think I'm going to buy glowing mode in this position because in this specific game, we I think death stance will be helpful. Maybe not. I think we just go shield bow. But having a little bit ability haste is always nice to have just because of cash back. Cash back at 740. We could just save the gold. We're going to herald here. You see cast in top lane. We're going to herald all sides here. We don't even need to, right? >> Holy damage. See my damage output? That was sick. >> That is sick. We're going to herald here and then use the herald to crash mid T2, but at only when the wave is um grouped up. You see the wave now. They already getting mid pio. And I think I use my Herald to a bot lane T3, but actually I use it either mid lane T2 or top lane T3 in this position. Right, top lane T2 is is also a very interesting crash here. And now we can use it either for top lane T3 or in this position need. He's much going to smite us away. Oh, that was bad. So Hakaside is absolutely insane. Okay, my bad here. He can just smite the Herald and Herold dies. That's why I tried to like crash it and then I at least get W out, but then Zaka already silenced me. Um, you should only crash the Herald like I just did at best once. As you can see, the second time the jungler can come and just smite away the Herold if he wants to. This Ekko probably didn't even know. And now I should be dangering my entire team because this is exactly where enemies get back through numbers advantage. Yeah, I mean Karma is actually true though. Like looking at this like I always take full responsibility, right? That's why here also blame myself. But looking at from a blaming perspective here for a second, why the [ __ ] did we not push mid lane? Why the [ __ ] am I alone in enemy base? Where was my entire team the entire sequence? I got bot T2 and top T2 and try to charge mid T2. Why they did nothing? Why? We are giga ahead. I got enemy chickens here. Guys, play it again. We are so strong. >> An enemy is unstoppable. >> We just want to play dragon here. How does that Can we still I want to kill the Riven. Maybe Riven kill into dragon into Baron is going to be the play. She's out. This doesn't work. >> And we can't go fight. I just want to find a starter fight. You know, that was my goal with the entire play here. You >> What the [ __ ] did I just do? I wanted to flash on the Zaka of my W, but my W ran out or something and then I just flashed into nothing. We like it. Game gets very spicy. I like it. This is what we wanted to see. Okay, now how do we play it from there? Because I'm in a good position. So, Raka healing is also insane. I should not get L Dominics, by the way. I need to get um I should not get loic. need to get um mod reminder here 100%. Model reminder would have been way better, but it doesn't matter in this position. It legit doesn't matter. A lot of people will think no, you need mod actually don't like here. If I played it correctly, I would one-shot Soraka then pick up Soraka and we would win the fight. >> But I just misplayed it mechanically. Infinity will also do insane damage. Think infinity or mortal reminder and then death sense is terrible. Infinity, mortal reminder, immortal chipper. All interesting, unch. >> Okay, we again didn't group up. We got one catch and then all five enemies came, but we still didn't group up. Guy is giga fed. Game looks very tricky now. I like it. I made some decent mistakes. The game is not giga easy now. I should have not done a lot of those mistakes. Now I try to like get the puzzles together to win it though. I'm pretty sure we will find one good fight and then we immediately win the game. Just important like if you look back the fights every time we were outnumbered every single time. That was legit the reason every time we we lost. >> Your turret has been destroyed. >> Please go as five. Now I'm going to go with Akali because she's not going to follow me. So I'm going to come to her even though that's really bad technically speaking. Or we try to one shot the Zak if she face check. >> She is very racist. I'm going to say Na split pushing now. Level 13 was a bit tricky. I could actually end here because I don't have a wave yet. I'm alive in 17. I'm actually a little bit surprised we're playing like this now. I need you guys to commit with me. We got this together. How do we play this now? Very tricky. >> Do we win team fights still? I mean, Nyla and Jinx are both like my Jinx is three levels down. My Nyla is two to three levels down. It's not easy. Yeah, this is exactly the reason I tell you guys to end the game earlier. Remember when I died top her? If I didn't die there. >> It is not enough. It is not enough. But still I had a lot of learning course this game. Enemies fed really well. I should not have died on the top parrot and I should have not and I needed to communicate us earlier together. I was very confident on us being ahead that I didn't respect it and now bot is three levels down and mid end is also totally free down. Interesting. Okay, first game was a win, second game is a loss. Beautiful. A lot of takeaways for the both of us. And let's lock in and climb all the way up to challenge now with Viego. Let's go. Good luck, guys. And keep in mind if I did my improvements here, my one to death better game would be extremely easy. Why do I say this? Because enemies started to win when they started snowballing over to us once I gave them my snowball position. So my takeaway here is I should not be a ever give up the snowball position. I can even show you the exact position um of my of my takeaway here. Okay. So until here we were ahead. until here we got Herold. This is all completely fine so far. Now I'm three items. Echo is one item. I was very confident whilst I'm being four levels ahead. Right. Mistake because now your own ego can blind you. Not ego in a sense that I say I'm better in an or arrogant way, but ego in a sense that I feel comfortable because I'm like I'm going to carry anyways. You know that's a mistake. Okay. Okay, so this Harold now looking at this the Zakali going top lane is actually a mistake. She should go top lane with Jinx and Kama and force the pryo. I don't even know how they are not able to get pryo. I should have maybe communicated with them that they need to get pryo. And now I don't know why Jinx is walking back downwards and freezing this. She needs to hard push it. We got the tower here. And now I should have used this her to disengage. I wanted to crash a mi2 which is a mistake if I got already two towers. Of course, there's going to be a lot of people. Ekko does not have smite. So, I could have no I could have not escaped it. And now this the zaka silence is just really good after silence. I'm already dead. Full silence. Nothing I can do. And after this game now enemies are already coming back. Could have done anything better now. This was a big blunder. Rest of the game was so far fully okay. This is all okay. All okay. I find a catch. The game is already tricky. And here I just made one mechanical mistake. If I didn't do that, game is again free W. So the So you get my fault bosses here. Enemies don't see me and I see them now. The Wait, they saw me going for a war here for sure, right? Yeah, they saw me going for four. Okay, that explains a lot. Now, here I was first thinking, do I try to one the Kasa? Which makes sense. He has no flash, no exhaust. But then Zoraka would heal him. So I was scared. Now I thought, okay, I need to go on Zoraka, but my W went through before my flash. I W flash. That was a mistake. I need to flash W. And even then, she would have sidesteped it. And she still has flash. If I hit her, she dies 100%. Then we get severe. Ekko also was able to 1v2 for some reason. And then we could get control over Baron. Then Nyla comes, then we would have probably gotten Baron. Yeah. And me dying here leads to us losing the game. So this was the death. That was just a mechanical mistake. The problem is the reason I don't flash W is because there is legit a wall. I can't flash into the wall. I need to flash like here and then W downwards, which is a weird angle. So, I waited a bit and now I wanted to flash on this spot and then W. And now my W already. She walked upwards then and now switched the target. Now I don't have anything anymore and I'm insta dead. I think I just am not allowed to W because I don't have. If I had old, I could still onto them right now and it's still fine by the way because if he has no flash and they would get one kill. Okay, my mistake. Mechanical play. I should after the W channel switch back to echo now go back to echo and protect my jinx because but I thought they win this by the way. >> Okay. Yeah. Interesting. Now enjoy your vehicle games. Much love. I hope you loved it. Let me know in the comments if you enjoyed both of the games. Um and also if you want to see more vehicle. Take care.
