Title: How good is the new hubris on Kha'Zix?
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ono9ELha274

Content:
How we doing guys? It is time to check out the hubus changes that arrived this recent patch and whether or not they are any good on the bug boy. Base AD reduced to 55 from 60. The passive AD you get from the stacks increased to three from two and bonus AD on kill reduced to 12 from 15. Oh boy, another 55 AD item. How exciting. So yeah, basically this item is less powerful early and more powerful later as you continue to accumulate hubris stacks. You need a total of eight stacks to break even with the old hubris. And from nine stacks onward, the new hubris actually becomes stronger. That being said, it's now at 55 base AD. So it's inherently weaker when trying to actually activate the stacks. And because of this, I personally don't like the item too much, unless you're in a fast-paced game with good setup and a reasonable enemy team comp. One thing hasn't changed, though, and it's that when you do get this item stacked, it's still the strongest item in the game for Kha'Zix, and that's a fact, buddy. Anyway, make sure you like the video if you enjoy what you see. Subscribe if you want to see more juicy Kha'Zix car guide is on the way, so give me some time. But without further ado, let's get into the game. >> Well, here we go. It's time uh for Hubus game. Now, we did spot a little Singed here on Ping, but no one's moving. That's all right. Looks like he's going to go for a proxy. Uh I'm not going to waste my time with him. I'm actually playing like an absolute psychopath here and walking up. Unfortunately, Z's in the bush, so I can't get uh Cheeky Invade off here, so I'm going to try fight him instead. Look at this damage. Good [ __ ] Unfortunately, I get speared to the face. Dark harvest, electrocute, ignite, uh, Z passive, and I just blow up instantly. Unlucky, man. Was really trying to do something there. But hey, we get a dark har stack. Do we say worth? I think we do. Let's say worth. Let's say worth on that. So, yeah, hubris game. I'm obviously starting a little bit of a deficit here. Um, but we do have vision on the mid and looks right there. She's going to leave her jungle, try to get my into my top side. Graves actually goes to stop her there, which is cool. But me, I'm actually not in too bad of a spot here. I'm just going to go and start on my red side here and then go from there. See what I can do. likely it's going to be kind of difficult to enter my top side jungle here, but I don't even want to be there in the first place because nothing is going to really happen there aside from a potential uh fight with like I don't know Singed or Ni. I really want to just play like mid or botside here and I want to go and fight because this is the play style I've adopted um with this rune page and with obviously playing hubus. So yeah, dark harvest with treasure hunter and cudigrass and legend haste second precision second. All right, you might be wondering why don't I run abs focusing storm. I'm running this page because it's straight up better uh earlier. Let you snowball faster in the early game. Um so it's very good for fighting um and it's a higher time to kill compared to abs focus scattering storm when you are going for like a 2 rotation, right? So if you have to queue someone twice, this is actually the fastest time to kill rune page in the game for Kha'Zix just because of legend haste. So very good page. really enjoyed this one actually. Um, and so yeah, I'm going to make my way up into the uh bot side here of the enemy jungle. And I spot this Zed here. This looks pretty good. We're just going hunting for kills, right? Zed uses his W. This looks pretty good. We actually force uh the teleport there. Nid is here. Boom. She ins. We kill her in isolation. Good [ __ ] Full combo her. She dies. I flash on this Z auto QW. The W misses cuz he flashes onto the Graves trying to get the kill, but it's not going to be enough. And we come out of that with two kills. Really good stuff. As I was saying, I was not in a really horrible spot, but if that play didn't work, uh yeah, maybe I would have been. So, yeah, because Nid came from topside and she basically was not showing up on the uh you know, her own camps at all. Right. I was expecting her to be there, but she actually full committed to the invade on my top side. Um, so you know, you know that that's the information we have to work with there. And we're going to pick up the Durk and head right back onto the map. I didn't go for the invade on the bot side on her camps because everyone was resetting on their team and I didn't have my bot lane. So, it's just kind of suicide. If Nid decides to preserve um well, if if Nid decides to like preserve her jungle there, etc., the safest play for me here is to take my botside camps that are respawning because these are higher level. And we are pinging the top side here. I think I'm not sure. We maybe saw a uh a vision plant get taken there or some something like that. Uh it was just like a sort of guest ping on the map, see where she was. Um but yeah, we're just going to take our stuff. And sure enough, Graves actually checks the crab here. So that confirms that the Nid is top side and is continuing to play top side, right? So she's either um playing off my respawning camps top or she's, you know, taking her own camps. She'd be doing all that basically. As you can see, she's in our jungle. So I make the decision to just basically you like force the dragon here, right? I have my bot lane here who has basically full priority. Lucian Millio is a lot stronger in like an extended fight compared to Leon Lux who's more burst oriented, CC oriented. We're going to just force this dragon and take it. And this is going to be, you know, pretty nice. Although I am one HP heal up off the dragon though. Miller is nicely baits the Zed into going in way too far. And this should be really nice. Graves kills the Nid. Unfortunately I get flashed on and that's a bit unlucky. But it's okay because these guys have no flash. Just kidding. These guys are actually surviving. Somehow Lux gets to flash forward and live for free. I'm absolutely sad. Yeah, >> they live on one HP and they even get the graves. So, yeah, pretty tragic there. What can you do? Going to go back onto the map and we see that she indeed did take all of our camps here. Um, so we don't really have anything to do here. We're just going to walk up. And sure enough, Nid is actually in the bot side here, which means she hasn't uh preserved her jungle. She's just gone straight botside once again after um after dying in that play. So, her greed her greed punishes her here and I'm able to actually take the uh the two the two camps here, right? So, that's very very good. I don't think like I think if the Nid was uh you know playing for herself a lot more preserving her jungle I wouldn't be able to get these camps and I would not be able to get close to level six here. I'd have to just wait for my own camps and go take them instead. But because of that uh literally just because of the fact she went bots here I take two camps and I wrap behind the singed here and I get a free kill just for nothing really. So that's pretty damn cool. But now this basically just confirms that Nid is going to be playing botsside now. So we do some pings, missing ping in the bottom side jungle. And what I do here is I just immediately recall. I'm not going to take my top side camps. I know they're up. They are respawned, but I won't take them just yet because no one's going to be up here. As you can see, Nid is there, right? She's going to be in the bot side for a, you know, for the foreseeable future. So we recall, pick up Hubus. We have evolved Q now. Looking good. Now I'm just going to be hunting for kills. Basically hunting for Nid. I want to be wherever Nid is so I can get some goddamn stacks, you know, cuz the you need Yeah, like you need stacks for this item to be good. Um, it is not as powerful as it was before because for one thing, it's 55 AD. Uh, which sucks. I really hate the fact that it's 55 base AD. Um, that being said though, every stack you get is like an extra 380 or something, right? Like 3 AD per stack. Uh, so it does end up scaling harder than the old hubris. Um, so yeah, all the more reason to just go ham, kill as much as you can, and sometimes unfortunate thing is that that's just not going to happen. Sometimes you have games where just it's super slow and you can't get kills. But yeah, so Nid gets a gank off here. Actually make a mistake by not calling that cuz we know she's botsside, right? Um I'm not able to find anything I like here. So we're just going to take our camps. And now I, you know, because I see Nid retreating to a jungle. This looks like a potentially just like a really good opportunity to go for an invade. I'm going to check Raptors. Okay, she's not on raptors. She must be on red. So we're going to go check this. Let's see. Um, trap expires. Kind of weird me out a bit. So, I sit in the bush. Not really not really sure why. I should have checked the red here. But yeah, Nid actually goes for the Drago on the top side. Cho flashes. Nid fail flashes. And this is like, okay, cool. She's not going to continue chasing, right? [ __ ] me. She does. So, I flash her. Yeah, just a pretty uh unfortunate [ __ ] there. She was chasing down the chth. I thought she would just give up on that after failing flash and go back to doing her camps. That's is why I jumped there cuz I thought she would go towards Kugs, but apparently not. And yeah, we get a kill. That's pretty nice. 15 AD off the on the hubus right now. And yeah, just all the Yeah, just got to keep stacking. Got to keep stacking this goddamn item. I will say I think after this game you probably won't see me building hubris uh very much like after I I was testing this item quite a bit, played quite a few games with it and it was so in it's just inconsistent, right? It just sucks because a 55 AD item that basically does nothing uh if you don't have the stacks. It's just kind of [ __ ] >> um in games where you can't actually get kills because there there are games like that where you just you don't have teams and you know you have like no kill pressure alongside your team and it's just it just sucks. or you play against people that are like turtling really hard and so there's like a kill per minute like every 2 minutes and you just can't get anything. That really sucks. So yeah. Anyway, fights happening here. Millio gets caught unfortunately. But Zed alting isolates the Leona. We kill the Leona. Jump on the Lux. She flashes. I lose vision. Unlucky. Managed to kill her. Isolated Q. We're going to try and W the Zed, but he flashes over the wall. Absolutely tragic. That's another stack down the drain. Why have you done this? Unlucky. But that's a fine. We actually got uh participated in two kills there. So, we get two stacks. That's 6 AD. Cool beans. So, we actually need eight hubris stacks to actually to break even with the old hubris. Um so, we try to get eight stacks and then from every stack there they're on. after eight stacks you will start having a stronger hubris with um you know nine stacks and above right like hubris will actually be feeling feeling stronger than before but you know I still think it's overall ultimately weaker and is just a plain snowball item because 55 AD requires you to get kills to actually start something good. And yeah, overall you pick this item if you think there's going to be a lot of fights or if you're significantly better than the enemy. And even then, I still wouldn't probably build it because the other items are just like insanely good right now and probably offer way more value than hubris in a lot of situations. But yeah, it is the ego item and that's about it. But we're going to go back into the map. Our second item will be the umbla. So umbla is still standard. If I didn't build it second, I would build it first. Uh and yeah, it's just excellent item. We find the singed here cuz the fight is breaking out. Nice. We get the hubris going again. And we're going to start um well just try trying to make use of the AD. Don't really have much to do here because I went topside and NIT is still playing on the bot side of the map. So, not really much can do here. So, I basically have no choice but to just go and take my camps. So, we go and do that. Um, we just try and heal up off of our jungle camps. But yeah, I guess in solo Q like it's fine if you if you're playing in a very like chaotic server or you you feel like you're in, you know, you're confident and you can get kills, which you most likely can in a lot of solo Q scenarios, then just by all means fight her and have fun with the 6 million stacks that you get from fighting. I think it's I think ah man you'll be okay buying hubris a large majority of the time. I would say the average player, you know, can still make use of this item, but I don't think it's good against actual good players. I think you will be struggling. Um, unless you're in a fast-paced lobby, then it's different. Okay, let's find ourselves another stack. This is an out of mana lux or not. She has enough for one She has enough one snare apparently. That pissed me off. I thought she was out of mana. But we do manage to secure her with a dark harvest and the smite. So that's another stack. Cool beans. We have the humbla now. So, uh, that's cool as well. We have some very good damage going for us here. And we will just be using this to clear basically. Actually spot a ni on my raptors here. Unfortunately, my leap is not up just yet cuz I used the jump over the wall, but you know, I wanted to jump earlier, but unfortunately, Nid gets away with raptor. Unlucky. It is what it is. We evolve the E second because uh I'm confident, right? We're running Hubris. You got to be confident. Uh but overall, I think people should just be more confident with EVOL second, you know? Don't uh don't underestimate how good it is, especially in a like a skirmishy lobby like this. It's actually very very good. It's not much. There's not too much CC to control me. So, I'm able to I mean, I should theoretically be able to use the evolve pretty well here. Looking for a pick. Try Q the Z. He ultimate straight away. Literally just spamming his R button on top of himself um with that alt right there. Kiting away from Leona, making sure not to get stunned as you can see. Kiting back with isolated Q and extended range. Unfortunately, I get snared. Get a little too close, but it's fine. I get Millia altered, jump back in, kill Lux as well. Trying to reset on the Z, but he jumps out. Cool. Good [ __ ] I actually want to keep going here cuz I want more stacks. So, we're going to try on this Z. I know this guy has nothing. He just used literally every ability in the game. So, we can one-shot him, but he had the vision advantage there. I EQ him. Get the double jump off. Unfortunately, I get ignited and the tower goes to me. Um, which is a little bit unlucky. Probably should have waited for the Millio to tank and then I jump in on him or I just bait him into jumping on me. But it's okay. We got the kill. I'll take it. And yeah, that was kind of cool. If I didn't get tower aggro there, I would have just flashed back into the Millio uh the Millio healing and then hopefully I survived there. But it's okay. An ally has been slain. >> We got a stack. Can't complain. So, for our third item, >> got a lot of gold here. We consider the edge of knight. No, we don't. We just go for the uh bastion breaker third. I also pick up the garden screes because why not? Uh these items are just Yeah. Yeah. The omnivamp boots are just nice to have. Maybe with the cost increasing we consider we will consider I can't speak we will consider them a lot less but for now pretty damn good >> fight is still breaking up here singing is absolutely running it uh Cho'Gath eating good we're going to just prioritize the dragon here I was trying to play like a good sensible jungler here um and I think because of that my blue got taken I can't But yeah, I do have a lot of stuff to take here on the map. Obviously still need to maintain farm uh in order to keep up in levels with the uh with the game like with the with the laners and stuff. Uh because like my god, can you imagine we're versing this level 15 Cho'Gath and we're not farming our camps. Goodness me. All right, this looks good. Lucian is in a good position to gank here. We jump on the Lux. Made a mistake here. Didn't board us straight away. Should have done that to avoid the stun, but it's fine. Try jump on Ni. Not exactly close enough. Look at this positioning. Really good [ __ ] Completely avoiding the Leona stun. We try and W flash Q for the kill. Then try it out, but Sing is there. Can't really escape from that one. I used everything. I'll take it though. That's a double kill. Not complaining about that. And uh yeah, cool. So, we have 10 stacks on the hubris now. Very cool stuff. Um, I think some of the kills didn't count because they died uh before. Um, yeah. So, you you need to have damaged them within 3 seconds of them dying to actually get the stack. So, I think for some of these kills, we weren't getting the the hubris stack, but I am not entirely sure. Anyway, back onto the map. These guys are absolutely feral for this uh this Graves mid here. Millio to the rescue again. Doing God's work, saving everyone uh in this game. Did really well. And we're going to try and see if we can do a counterattack sort of thing here. I see the Nid here looking mighty vulnerable. And so I'm going to go straight for her. She looks juicy. Recalling in the bush. We start with the auto attack. Auto Q W. And then we just finish off with one last auto. This guy here tries to flip me, but I just queue him and he dies. Cool. That's I believe is that uh that that must be 12 stacks of hubris, right? So 12 stacks of hubris giving you 48 AD. It's it's obviously like a lot of AD and it's still good. Um the only thing I Oh man. Am I going to be buying this item? I don't even know. The only thing that is like that feels really bad um >> for me is the fact that it's 55 base AD. I just don't like that. I would rather it be more expensive like let's say 3,100 uh or 3200 gold but still have 60 AD. um than it be 55 base AD like cuz Kha'Zix just loves base AD and I don't know but for me personally I noticed the difference between a 55 AD item in a 60 AD one and um yeah it's just it just uh >> an ally has been slain. >> Yeah, it just sucks. If it was 60 I would 100% be buying it. Anyway, we're going hunting. Let's see this Nid here. Cho is just sitting in the bush here. Kind of funny. We EQ. She blows up. See you later. At this point, Nid is extremely squishy and behind, so there's not really much she's going to be capable of doing. And um it's just a matter of like how quickly can we close up the game. I want to do this Baron, but um Charat is still just sitting in the bush. Char is still just sitting in the top bush uh playing with the wave. So, you know what? We have to kind of back off here. Try and jump on the Z here. That's some nice damage with a 51 AD hero. Okay, huge. I actually almost die there cuz Zed is a little rat and he's very hard to kill as a Kha'Zix if you don't get the immediate jump on him. But yeah, what Choath has done is pretty immaculate. He's gone top side. >> He's taken a bloody inhibitor. Can't complain about that, I guess. And uh we are one HP, so just have to heal up off the camps right there. He actually gets out with kill as well. Incredible stuff. Uh I guess that's fine not being able to do Baron but instead getting an inhibitor. That's totally fine. Uh and yeah, basically just keep hunting. But obviously at this point in the game, the enemy team is just going to be sitting. Um I don't know what the ghost is doing now. He took my goddamn grump. But yeah, weird. Okay, fight breaking out. Singed is just going to be singed and run it down. We're going to kill him here to reset our stacks. I mean, I guess Subus is fine when you have people like that just resetting your stacks, right? Like that people just completely running it down. There have been so many people who have just been double digit deaths like in the first uh in the first like 15 minutes. in this case is like 12 deaths in 20 minutes, but so many people just writing it down like for no reason at all, just not wanting to play, not wanting to win. I don't know what they did with the matchmaking, but it's just like it's mildly cringe. Anyway, we get the dragon and to close out this game, we really just want to try and get the uh >> the Baron. Um because S is running it, our Charat is level 18 and extremely fed. We really ought to just force this. Even if they get the Baron, we can just kill them and um close out the game pretty comfortably. We start Baron here. Omniant boots are great for Baron. I love it. And also the L uh the Millio healing us up. We get it. Cool. Now we just want to push into the base. So, should you build Hubris or not? Well, if you're going to build it, build it first. That's for sure. get those stacks going. Um, or maybe not. Actually, maybe it's fine. Second item still. That being said, you should only build it if you think you're going to get a lot of kills. Um, if you're significantly better than the enemy, like if you're smurfing or whatever, which I, you know, it's, yeah, good for you, I guess. Uh, you know, it's fine in that in this regard. Like in a game like this for me, it's fine as well. Um, yeah, just generally if you think if you're going to get a lot of kills or if there's going to be a lot of fights, hubris can be good. I think it can still be good, but it is obviously situational and yeah, just dependent on the game. Double kill here. Nice double jump. Cool beans. >> Uh, going to just end the game here. >> And yeah, I would still personally I think I would rather still have Voltake just a little more consistency. Uh, from my experience, hubris has felt a bit lacking without the stacks, but yeah, one last kill. Cool. You guys watching, give it a try. I think Hubus is still fine. Just go ham when you're playing it. Get those kills. Thanks for watching and I will see you next time. Bye-bye.
