Title: Whats the deal with Nidalee support? | Tips & Tricks, Runes, Items, Build
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PbhgGg_WCw

Content:
Ni support is a super niche pick that has had a high win rate for lots of patches. Her support build is an enchanter setup with airy emacs into the classic helia moonstone dawncore. Yo, what's up guys? Is Niti support actually good? I've been asked this question and trying to figure it out myself because she has had a very high win rate consistently on almost every patch. Granted, it is very few games, but I think that she is probably one of those champs that are very niche, but just very overtuned. I think there's a new class of supports that are like this. They are going to be the Elise, Poppy, old Camille of supports where they were kind of designed for one role, but they have very high base stats and when they're thrown into support, they kind of overperform. thing with Elise is that the only thing really makes her overtuned is her E. So, her E is an insane attack speed buff that lasts for 7 seconds and it heals just so much based on the percent missing health. And I think because it's so overtuned, people are running her as an enchanter. They're going the Helia Moonstone build and the heals are actually like really really crazy. I think on top of that, her damage is like not as crazy as someone like Elise, but I think it's just the fact that she can transform and she has more skills available to her at any point of the game is what makes her very, very strong. So, I think the strong points of Niti is her strong early game and then it starts transitioning into just how strong she is or how strong her heals are. I think her W is also a great ability for support. just the trap placements and having them able to check bushes for you is also just very very a great skill to have as support because it helps you get around the map and just ward. This game I went airy. Uh my runes are a little different from the runes that I showed because this is like uh I'm kind of just like testing them, but essentially instead of going greens, I'm going inspiration secondary just because I really really like the boots and triple tonic secondary on enchanters now after the buff to triple tonic. And also for the rune shards, I went adaptive force, but looking back, I should have gone CDR and movement speed with flat health, just because they also buffed the movement speed shard as well. So, off the bat here, I am going W start. I think that W start probably is her best start. I think most people start Q, but Q is uh it's really hard to land just Q's straight up in lane. So, I think W just gives you more pressure in lane. And uh yeah, so starting off the game, I'm trying to we start off with kind of an awkward fivepoint. >> Uh I run into the river, run into Twitch and Zillian, and then I get chunked out. So I'm a bit late to lane. My game plan when I do come to lane is to get that pryo early. So I'm playing Yunara Nitali into Twitch Zillian. Oh, also another thing. If you are playing Nitali support, you definitely want to be paired with an AD carry that an autobased AD carry because your E just gives so much attack speed. Unfortunately, I am late to lane. I think I also should have started sweeper just because I know I can I can uh get that pryo because I'm very strong. So, I yeah, here the strong point of Niti is definitely her autos. As you can see, I'm just like autoing and I could really uh just do so much damage once I get the uh control of the bush. Like I can just abuse the movement speed that I get from uh the bush passive. So I actually throw my ward down here because I thought I had sweeper. Um if I had sweeper there, like I would have so much more pressure. But >> uh I start E level two just because we are chunked. Um I see that Graves is going to invade on this push wave which is perfect for us. This is like one of the best ways you can use pryo >> in the early game. Just stacking a wave and then uh going to their going to invade. So I do see that Graves and Talon are there. I'm moving up here. I put a trap over on this wall um because I don't have a ward and I want to get vision. I see that Victor is also moving here, but I am not afraid of this fights. We're very strong. I go in between these bombs. Trying to do my best, but I am chunk waiting for my cooldowns. Graves does pick off Zillian and I eara. I'm pretty chunked, but um it's fine to it's I know that it's okay for me to be low and kind of bait the enemy because my E heals based off of percent missing health. So that's why like I'd rather stay low and try to like bait myself than to just heal myself here and then just to hold my E. So we get uh first blood off Zillian. I am going amp tome first. Uh normally when you are playing an enchanter I think if you're going moonstone or helia ruby crystal is the way to go most of the time but I think in a lane like uh double ranged amp tome is good if you know you can bully them out. Um, one thing about Zillian is that his early game is super weak. So, it's very easy to uh just bully him in lane. And honestly, you should be bullying him because that is like his biggest weakness. >> Uh, so I get level three here. I immediately pop my elixir of avarice and uh, Graves is topside. So I think I think Niti is very strong in the early game. So you'll see here I'm just like kind of sending it. But one >> weak point of Niti is kind of her mid game when you uh don't really have a lot of you don't have any CC. So it's like kind of an awkward point of the game because you're not at that point where your heals are very strong >> and your damage is kind of falling off. But you can see me getting um pretty >> trying to uh have a lot of presence in lane just walking up. Again, Q is like very hard to land on Niti. So it's like you if the player is good, you're pretty much never going to just be able to get a free Q like this. You kind of have to throw it out of fog. And I kind of realize this uh halfway through laning phase. Okay, so we get uh Talon walks down. We do have Graves coming. Did overextend a little bit, but uh yeah, Talon just kind of walked by a ward. Got my W there on the trap >> on the bush and was and we are able to see Talon kind of walk by, but that was a little silly. Um I should have respected the Talon a little bit more. Yeah, I end up dying. I want to walk mid here, but I know our wave is really bad. You can see me panning my camera. Generally, most supports kind of go roam after they reset, but here like I can't because I died like just without really having my wave pushed in or pushed out. Get the Q from fog. I jump in here. Your Q is an execute, so it does more damage the uh lower the the enemy is. >> So, you always want to try to end with Q if you can. Um, Talon is really low. Zillian is really low. I need to shove this wave out otherwise um we lose it. Saves uh the wave for the enemy. I get a nice sphere there, but not enough to kill Zillian. I'm calling for Zillian. I'm calling for Graves here because I know that Twitch is alone. I think it would have been worth to catch Twitch as he's rotating, but Graves doesn't come. He goes for dragon instead, which is fine, too. So then after I push in the wave, I just go back to dragon. Um, I'm taking note that grubs are in 40 and I'm trying to figure out what I want to do. This wave is going to bounce back towards us. So I know that Yara can farm safely. I have kind of a lot of gold, so take the reset here. I am looking for ban glass mirror and I grab a control ward. I think when you are going for grub fight generally I always say this but I don't buy control wards if I'm playing like an enchanter in lane unless I have a lot of pryo but I think for the grub fight it's actually okay to get a control ward just because controlling sea bush or just the area around it is can be the difference can give you a really huge advantage when you are taking grubs. So, I saw that the enemy support was topside, which um s kind of gives me the signal that I don't need to walk immediately down. We do see Talon walking here. I'm kind of scaring him off. I'm setting up for Graves because he walks away. I'm assuming that Zillian just walked back as well because um he showed topside, but he's not like in the river. And so, uh, because I know that and I scare Talon away, I just immediately walk bot now because I know Graves can take this alone. So, trying to zone out Zillian. So, look how much damage I'm doing with my W and Q. I think another strong point of Niti is just her mobility. So, it's like really hard for you. You can play super forward with Niti and yeah be fine because your W is uh just such a great movement tool. Uh at this point, Graves is botsside, Yunarara six, uh Zillian is five. This is just another point where another important import another important part of the game where you spike level five, level six. you should always be aware. So, that is kind of like the movement stuff I was talking about where Zillian pretty much can't get a double bomb on me because my W doesn't matter if I'm slowed. I can just jump out of the >> uh bombs, whereas most of the time Zillian can get double bomb if you are slowed. So, this almost feels like a like a really niche counter to Zillian. Graves is botside. I um Oh, yeah. One important thing is like the way I'm using W on bushes here. So I'm placing W's right towards the enemy because if they were to enter the bush it they would walk into the trap. Also I'm using it to check bushes. I don't know if Talon is here. So I'm using my W to check the bushes. Again I'm just getting a lot of autos in. Ary is also really nice for this reason on top of it. um just giving a shield when you heal it works on your autos. So yeah, I'm getting a lot of value from the damage portion and um that will switch to the I'll get more value out of it in the shield portion once I transition into the mid game and I am and I get my I become more of a healer like my heals become big. So we're just kind of chilling. We >> um have a lot of control in lane. There's my trap. That catch is catches Talon. >> I wait to heal until I get chunked out. So, I'll heal more and we successfully dodge the gank from um >> help for my trap and my a big heal. So, I have three points in E now. I'm like slowly amping up. I have I back perfectly for my Helia and now I am just very very strong. So the one of the important things of Helia for Nelli and any enchanter is just making sure you stack your shards before you heal. You're going to want to um really auto a lot. Try to auto a lot before you heal to get the max value of >> the item. See Talon here. Get a queue off. Um I don't know if you saw Vaggar or if he saw me, but he just dips right after. And dragon's coming up. So I'm playing with Graves here to try to set up. Put the ward down to see this control ward. Accidentally walk into the trap there. I I put down more traps. Get the ward down. I want to help Yara push out bot before we go do this dragon. See Talon come through C bush. I have my trap on him. Again, trap placement there. Very, very important. You uh catch a lot of people rotating into the bush that way as opposed to it being like deeper in. It's like on the edge. Successfully zone out the enemy. I see that Tatlin is mid. Um I want to push this out before I rotate. Wave is not good for us because it's pushing into the enemy. Zillian uh catches Yunar here sitting behind the bush. We need to play this a bit slowly. I can't jump in because I know Zillian has ult. My E is up in point literally zero seconds which is so unfortunate because if Yeah. So I I I type to we just need to play a bit slower and play around my E because if I just had 1 second off the E, we win that for sure because again the heal just gives a crazy attack speed buff to Yara and then also it would get the two stacks of my Helia and my E works off of increases based on percent missing health and it would have chunked uh Yunar was very chunk there, so it would have gave a lot. Um, I see Talon is going into our jungle. So, I want to follow up, but I realize I'm going to get sandwiched here. So, I jump out. Look at this heal. 234 HP. Ginormous. Getting my traps off. I don't know what Talon is doing here. He just kind of griefs it. Give him the thumbs up. >> Great job. Thanks for the Thanks for the freebie. I uh E Yara because I want to just take a recall. Make sure to walk this wave in. This is the point where um I I sort of fall off. Um yeah, this is the point where I was saying earlier how I feel like it's a little awkward where I don't really have a lot of setup. Even though we are stronger than the enemy bot >> lane, I can't really like enga take an engage to like go for something like that. So here, um, >> Twitch just kind of jumps on us. I get the spear off. W EQ. Always finish Q at the end if you can, um, to get that execute. And then we kind of just, uh, stomp them here. But >> yeah, it just feels very once once you're past like a certain point, your laning doesn't feel as oppressive. I think Niti starts to really shine once you are in team fights because of >> how crazy your heal is. >> At this point, I'm trying to set up the Herald. Um just breaking vision cones. Oh uh when you are playing Nitali, you want to >> just like slide in bushes to maximize your passive to move around the map faster. I see Varys is here. Um I don't want to cougar form and go out just because if he is recalling I wouldn't be able to cancel it. This was very awkward. Um, yeah. Uh, I could have flashed. I wasn't sure if we wanted to take this dive, but as I was thinking that, Varys just kind of ulted my face and then I just ate the tower. So, kind of I don't know if we could have pushed the top wave in the uh because it was neutral and it was a cannon. So, it was like pretty awkward. Um, I don't know if that was worth it, but yeah, I reset. Um, I am pinging to be careful Yunara bot because we are on grubs and we don't know it's not being contested. So, Talon is most likely on uh the other side of the map to yeah to to trade that play. I walk in here. Zillian is just slowing me trying to take control of this bush. I see that there's a fight breaking on raptors. So, I know that Talon's not going to be here. I want to rotate over, but um the fight is over. And then I'm taking the honeyfruit. >> Graves is coming. So, I'm just kind of like walking forward here. >> E goes to Narnia. Yeah, we're taking this fight. I'm spamming E on Yara here. Look at that heal. Absolutely insane. I probably healed like 400, 500 off of uh my E and Helia. And then we just kind of wipe them. Push into the enemy to take everything. We have Herold going down. And >> yeah, at this point like the game is over. They FF. And so that was the Nitali game. Um >> I think that Niti is honestly pretty strong, but I wouldn't say she's like S tier. I would say she's like a tier. She has like a nice early game that transitions into she scales really well, but she is missing that like mid game where because she lacks so much CC. And I think most enchanters have a CC to not feel that bad, but it's definitely made up by her early game. Yeah, try out Niti if you haven't. She's a lot of fun. And she's hard to play, but there is a lot of potential for
