Title: 3 Minute Warwick Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctKxnDJN2nI

Content:
Why play Warrick top? Well, he is one of the best jewelists in the game. He has infinite sustain. His W allows him to quickly get back to lane, and he's just an early game monster. However, if CCed or kited, he can be squishy, and he is very mana hungry if using Q. Warrick's passive are his basic attacks deal bonus magic damage on hit. While below half health, he heals for this damage, and while below 25% health, he heals for 2.5 times the damage. This means if he's low health and keeps attacking, he's incredibly hard to kill. Warrick's Q is a point-and-click ability which launches him at the target, dealing damage to them and healing him for a percentage of the damage dealt. In addition, he can hold down the ability to follow the target when they dash or displaced in any way. And when finishing this, he leaps behind the target. Warrick's W has a passive where he gains a large amount of attack speed when damaging a target below half their health. It also has a second passive where he can sense all enemy champions on the map below half their health. And he gains movement speed when moving towards them. And if the champions ever below quarter health, the attack and move speed are both doubled. The active allows him to sense the nearest enemy champion and gain these bonuses regardless of their health. Warrick's E causes him to gain damage reduction for 2 and 1/2 seconds. When this ability ends or when it's recast, it fears all enemies in a circle around him. Warrick's ultimate is a skill shot which leaps him in a direction. If he hits an enemy champion, he then channels on them, dealing constant damage and healing the damage dealt. And the range of this ability increases the faster Warrick is. For combos, start with W and when you get close, use E and spam out attacks. Keep attacking while using Q to deal more damage or chase any dashes and use ultimate to CC your opponent or massively heal yourself. And if you need to engage, start W into E and hold down Q to dash behind the target. Fear them in the wrong direction and attack until you need to ult. For matchups, Warrick is great into champions who don't bring much CC as he can just attack away, and he can struggle against champions who can kite him or easily lock him down. For runes, take this. Lethal Tempo just makes you terrifying in a 1v one. For build order, start blade and pot into a bork and tier 2 boots. From here, a stridebreaker is a great pickup before finishing a build with any of these as needed. For skill orders, start Q, then W, then E before maxing Q, then W, then E, taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and barrier. We take barrier as it allows us to go low on health to get the 2.5 times healing. Starting the game, you want to fight as much as possible. From level one, if you can trade autos with the opponent, you've basically already won. And once you have all three abilities, you're even scarier in a fight where you can essentially take any trade, then just heal back up on the minions. Essentially, if they can't CC or kite you, you're going to win. And you only get scarier at level six. So, let your opponent push you in, then simply run them down the lane. Entering the mid game, take your tower as soon as possible and split push. Nothing can 1v one you and you can also win a lot of 1v2s. So the amount of resources they have to commit to stopping you is ridiculous. Entering late game team fights, you'll often be split pushing and collapsing onto it with a W move speed. You can start a fight with ultimate if you can pick a squishy champion. Otherwise, use E to reduce damage while you attack away for massive sustain until you can run at the backline. And that's how to play Warrick top lane. If this video helped you, leave a like and comment below which champion you want to see
