Title: How To Play Rengar in 4 Minutes | League of Legends: Wild Rift Rengar Guide
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ax0yAT8apxw

Content:
[ __ ] a long intro. Let's get right into it. Rengar is very good at snowballing hard, picking off single targets, fighting in the jungle, and pushing turrets. However, Rengar is also reliant on his ultimate for plays, has no mobility without bushes, is pretty squishy as an assassin, and struggles versus tanks and strong disengage. Now, let's talk abilities. Rengar has three passives. First off, he has no mana, but juicing skills will generate ferocity. At first stacks, his next skill will be empowered and granted movement speed on cast. and power skills do not share a cooldown with basic skills. Second, when he's in a bush, he will lead to any target in range when attacking them. This can grant them up to one ferocity stack out of four and shows up as a purple bar, while the stacks from his ability show up as white bars. For his last passive, Rengar gains permanent bonus AD for each unique enemy takedown. Every time you take down a champion that you haven't slain before, you unlock a bigger percentage of bonus AD until you've hunted down all five enemies for insane scaling. Rengar skill one is an auto attack reset that deals more damage, has more range, always crits, and grants increased attack speed for the next two basic attacks. The empowered version deals even more damage and grants even more attack speed for a few seconds. Rengar skill two passively stores great health equal to a big percentage of all damage taken in the last two seconds. Upon activation, heals for all his great health and deals magic damage in the area around him. The empowered version deals even more damage and cleanses CC upon activation. Rengar skill tree is a straight line skill shot. Rengar th chose his bola to deal damage, slow enemies, and refuel the area around them. The empowered version deals more damage and roots enemies instead. Rengar can also flash while casting this ability in order to catch enemies offg guard. Rengar's ultimate grants movement speed and camouflage 1 second after activation. While stealth, he can leave without a wish to shred the enemy's armor. He also refuse the nearest enemy in a big radius around him, but enemies get a warning before he gets too close to them. Last, but not least, he has special event versus Kasix at level 13. If Rengar wins, his ultimate will automatically grant him four stacks of ferocity over time while he's camouflaged. Next up, we've got combos. First off, you have the basic combo of double slash for maximum burst. You can even start your jump with empowered skill one to do a triple slash combo. Second, we have the survivability combo with empowered skill two. You use this one in order to bypass CC or to counter big burst damage like tower shots. Last, we have empowered skill three for a CC combo to lock people down if they're mobile. You cannot use empower skill tree before jumping in old, but you can root people twice if you're waiting for them in the bush with max ferocity. For matchups, Rengar is good versus squishy champions that he can kill easily, and he struggles versus tanks with CC and champs with strong disengage. For runes, you'll generally want first strike with domination tree for extra burst and snowball potential, but he's flexible. So, you could do something like this in order to function as a fighter hybrid on the front lines as well. For summoner spells, take flash and smite. For skill order, take one, then three, then two before mixing one, then three, then two, and whenever you can. You can also go one then two then three if you want more survivability and wave clear. Rengar has lots of build paths but for a standard crit build you want to start with cleftless grease before building essence reapfer. After that you can build either crit or more lethality. I would build this if I'm snowballing against three or more squishy opponents and this if the enemy has three or more tanks or I [ __ ] suck. Rengar desperately relies on his alt to make plays. So you usually want to fork clear and get as much XP as possible. Once your alt is unlocked, you can look for plays around the map depending on which lane looks easily gankable. His second skill is perfect for early tower dives, so you can use that first gank to start snowballing. Due to the nature of his passive, Rengar can also bully weaker junglers around Scuttle Crap and will happily invade if the opportunity arises. As a jungler, you want to secure objectives during the latter portion of the game. Rengar does this in one of two ways. Either pick someone off before the fight even starts or begin split pushing before the objective spawns in order to get a number advantage when you rotate. It's better not to 50/50 smite unless you're the one contesting and you have your all to unexpectedly birth the objective. This is because Rengar does not have a consistent way to secure epic monsters if he is the one starting it. He does however do a lot of damage to structures. This is why Rengar is so flexible in a losing position. Don't be afraid to sit in a side lane and split boost when your team is behind in order to win. As Rengar, you can always be the carry. Don't forget to watch the next video. Hey, thanks for watching. We getting litty. Don't forget to watch the next video.
