Title: JAX GUIDE - How To Carry With Jax - Detailed Challenger Guide
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YeaLcvnTV8

Content:
How's it going everyone? Today we're going to be going through everything you need to know on how to learn and master Jax. And a Jax guide was actually the first video that I ever made. So, of course, we had to remake it bigger and better than ever and make the best Jax guide ever created, going through the laning, the builds, even going through every single matchup that you're ever going to verse in top lane. And for those of you new to the channel, I was a pro player for 8 years and hit Challenger on five different servers. Now, I've moved on to coaching full-time and Jax has been one of my best champions throughout my entire journey. So today I'm going to be going through everything and giving you all the secret sauce that you need to know. So let's get started. First up, we're going to be covering the runes in detail. Now Jax has two pages to choose from. The grass page, which is your more standard default setup, and Lethal Tempo, which is better in certain volatile matchups. Now I know there are other rune pages that Jax players like to take, but they're just all completely terrible. And I'm going to break down why at the end of the section, and we'll throw that propaganda out the window. So starting with the grass page. This is going to be your default if you're ever unsure what to take. And you should be taking this most of the time. I'd say maybe six out of 10, seven out of 10 of your games. And with this rune page, you're going to be taking demolish every game. Of course, the other runes don't have value, and demolish is just so good on this champion. Now, for a secondary rune, you're going to be deciding between second wind and bone plating. Never take the scaling one. Focus purely on getting good at your lane. So, between second wind and bone plating, second wind, you're going to be taking it around 90 or 95% of the time because most bone plating matchups, lethal tempo is actually better. So, for example, match ups like Garen, match ups like Darius, you will take bone plating, but you'll take lethal tempo as well. But there are some exceptions. So, a match up like Riven, you can take grasp and bone plating. That's quite good. But if you're ever unsure which run to take, default to second wind. Now, for our run down below, between overgrowth and unflinching, it depends on your matchup. So, unflinching is great into matchups with a lot of CC, slows and stuns like Gragas or like cannon. Of course, most champions that counter jacks have a lot of CC, so unflinching does feel quite good. But overgrowth is just your standard default scaling setup if you feel confident or if your matchup doesn't really have that much CC. Now for our secondary rune, so you're going to be taking cosmic insight and cookies every game with grasp. I know some people like to take mana flow band, but Jax, you only have mana problems if you're making mistakes in your lane. So don't put the training wheels on. just learn to ride the bike, fall off a few times because cosmic inside is so good on this champion as he's a really good champion in side lane and in team fights. So having TP up more often really valuable, really good for your lane as well since Jax is such a resource hungry champion. Having TP shorter is definitely noticeable and flash is so OP on him as well for comboing for team fighting stuff like that. So having a lower cool down flash is great and you do go cool down boots a lot of the time so you can get your flash to a really low cool down. Now, for cookies, they have been nerfed, of course, but I still recommend them over free boots. The reason for that is because you want to be doing well in your lane. Doing well in your lane is the best scaling, and cookies give you the best chance of doing that. The extra max HP is noticeable as well. So, I would just recommend going cookies every time, unless you're just really confident, like you just always beat up. What's a good example? Maybe like Malight or something. You feel like you're going to be fine just scaling. You can take free boots, I guess. But I would just recommend cookies. I feel like the extra laning power is still good even though they have been nerfed. They went from being completely broken and you're trolling if you're not taking them to pretty strong, so you should still run them. Now, for the shards down below, some Jaxers like to go adaptive force. I prefer attack speed, especially after the attack speed buff recently. It feels even better, but you can go double adaptive if you're already used to it. Now, for scaling between flat HP, I'd recommend flat HP for the main reason. If you take scaling HP, you have the wrong mindset going into your lane. You want to take flat HP. You want to play quite aggressive early game because the 1 to three, 1 to4 is very very important on jacks. So you want to be giving yourself as much early game power as possible, especially if you play volatile lanes. But again, if you feel really confident, you're just going to farm against a Tomkench or something, you can take scaling. Now for our second rune page, Lethal Tempo, this is better in matchups where you are forced to fight them, you're forced to all in them, and you can't really take short trades very easily. So some good examples is Darius where this Darius if you take grasp you're not going to have enough threat to all in and kill him before he ramps up five stacks and chops your head off. So lethal temper is going to be really good into that type of matchup. Another example would be a lane like Kale or a lane like Yoro where you want to be able to fight them for a long time. So I'm going to go through later on in this guide of course in the matchup section what run to take into every single lane. So if you're ever in champ select and run into that you can skip to it. But just keep in mind, Lethal Tempo is better into volatile melee matchups that you fight a lot like a Yona or a Yaso, something like that. But grasp is better into rangetops, tanks, or anything that you can't really get a long trade into like an Ambissa. Now, on this tree, you're going to be taking presence of mind or triumph. I like Prince of Mind here. Even though playing better is the best. Playing well is the best way to save mana. Having prince of mind allows you to play a bit more aggressive. And with lethal tempo, you are playing very, very aggressive in lane. So, prince of mind does feel really good with this setup. Now for the secondary rune, you'll take elacrity every time. It's pretty hard to be honest to build attack speed on Jax and he uses it so well. So elacrity feels a lot better than haste in my opinion. Now for our final run, just go last stand every game. Jax is a great champion at fighting people to the death, low HP scraps, and last turn just gives you a lot more value. And for our secondary runes, you have two options. You can take cosmic or cookies. So this is going to be in matchups where you don't really feel bone plating that much. So for example up against a Garen bone plating will feel really good but up against a matchup like a Yoro for example he can pop bone plating very easily you don't really need to take in you can greed the extra scaling of cosmic insight extra early game power from cookie but if you're a lane that has really high value from bone plating then you can just run that and for our rune shards down below exact same attack speed especially on lethal tempo even more important flat ID and definitely go the flat HP with the grass page I would let it slide a little bit if you took scaling sometimes but with lethal tempo you need to run flat as you're going to be fighting and bashing their head into the death. Level one, level two. So, you don't want to put yourself at a disadvantage. Now, other than these two rune pages, there are three more that I see people take that I just straight up don't agree with. So, I'll quickly go through why. Starting with the fleet page. So, the reason you never want to take this, even if you do verse a really brutal rangetop counter pick like a Teemo or an Aurora, this rune has just been nerfed into the ground. It's been nerfed way too many times to the point where it's not worth taking anymore. you're better off having the extra early game training power from Grasp. And the benefit of Grasp as well is you can take the cookies and cosmic insight as your secondary, which does feel quite good, especially if you can mismatch your flash. So, say you flash onto Aurora, burn her flash. Now, you're going to have one extra minute where your flash is up and hers isn't. So, that's going to be an avenue for you to punish her. Where with with Fleet, you're going to have to take resolve secondary anyway to have second wind. So, you're not going to have access to cookies and cosmic. Now, for your the next room page, it's going to be conqueror. And this one I've been asked about a lot. And the reason this rune is just terrible, there is no matchup you're going to play in where lethal tempo or grasp isn't better for your lane. So of course, short trading matchups like Malight or like Gragas, you want Grasp and extended trading matchups like Yona or like Gwent, you need lethal tempo. And even though Conquer might technically scale better in the late game, the best scaling in top lane is winning your lane. So take lethal tempo, dominate your lane, play for early solo kills or take Grasp and take nice short trades, proc Demolish. Don't just take conqueror and just get  on in lane and rely on that little bit of extra scaling where it's not even that much more noticeable compared to lethal tempo anyway. You're better off taking a stronger route laning setup. And for our final page, phase rush. So I'm going to go through this one in more detail on the item section cuz phase rush is normally combined with full AP, but I've seen the phase rush set up with AD as well into match ups like Olaf, matchups like Darius. Again, another set of training wheels. Take them off. We're big boys now. We do not need training wheels. So even if you play up against an Olaf, if you use good Q usage, you don't need phase rush. If you lead with movement, auto W, even if he has his ulti, disengage with your Q, well, you're not going to need to rely on phase rush. So you need to be playing bitter instead of relying on these runes that don't really have that much value in lane at all. Moving on to our summoner spells. Now TP and flash is going to be our default most of the time, but you can take ignite flash into certain volatile matchups. But a good rule of thumb to follow if you're taking grasp is you should take TP every time. But with Lethal Tempo, you have the option for ignite. The reason for that is the matchups you do take lethal tempo in are very, very volatile. So, for example, if you play up against a Gwyn or an Olaf or a Darius, these champions have to fight you. They have to all in. They don't have a choice. Especially the ones with two combat summon spells like Darius or Olaf, they must fight you from close range or their champs going to have low value. So, ignite will give you a lot of extra early game power or lyn threat as well for lethal tempo, not just for lane, but for side laning as well. So, ignite has high value into those lanes where other lethal tempo matchups like Kale, you don't need to take Ignite. You're going to win the all in anyway. Even like Yoic, you can go either way. So, it's not necessarily tempo always ignite. But, if you are taking tempo and you are into a really volatile lane, especially Olaf, Darius, you know, other double combat summoner champions. Ignite value is really high. There's one more variable that I keep in mind before deciding between them and it's mainly based around the enemy mid jungle champions and my own. So, for example, if I've got Kane jungle, our good old friend Kane that never ganks, mid's playing like a Lux or a Cassadin, something weak, and they've got Gallo mid or Talon mid, something that's going to roam a lot, their jungler is playing a ganking champion like Le or Rex, something like that, I'm probably going to go TP. I know they're going to have the advantage in terms of jungle mid pressure. So if top lane's really spicy, low HP, heavy trading, and I've got a Kane, just clearing raptors on cool down, probably is not going to benefit me as much compared to if I had, you know, equals pressure from my mid jungle or if they were strong early game as well. But if you don't want to over complicate it, just take your TP with grasp every time and take Ignite into these really volatile matchups, especially if they have double combat summoner spells as well. Next up, we're going to be covering the item build. So for our starting item between Dshield and Dblade, it really depends on your matchup. So D shield should be the default. I'm just a little bit OP. But Dblade is great if you can get away with it. So if you feel real confident in your matchup or just in lanes where you're forced all in them early game, especially combined with lethal tempo. So up against a Darius or a Garen, something like that, Dblade can have quite high value. Now for your first buy, so if you take Grasp, you should try to get Sheen if you can. Don't miss your back time and have a, you know, bad lane state for it of course. But if you can get Sheen on your first recall with Grasp, really, really solid. But if you can't afford it or if you take lethal tempo, double long sword refill or one sword refill is the way to go. Now, there are also certain matches where merkrid rush can be quite good like a Gragas or a cannon. But if you base with not enough money for it, as they're so expensive now compared to how they used to be, you can just go sheen anyway. So other than that, you don't want to be rushing your boots for any reason at all. The reason for that, Tab is not that good on jacks to be honest. Your E blocks auto attacks anyway. So it's kind of counterintuitive. And cool down boot swifties, you don't really want to be delaying your triforce for those. So typically you're only delaying Triforce for Merk treads if they're really really high valued like Gragas or Ken cannon as it completely changes the trading aspect or maybe you're just vers a heavy heavy AP comp with a lot of CC early game. Now for your first item try force every game no matter what. There's no exception to that. I have seen some experimenting with Ravenous Hydra first and with Iceorn first, but just ignore that. Of course, if they've got five AD champions, maybe iceorn's fine, but that's not really realistic. So just go triforce pretty much every single game that you play. and Ravenous Hydra. The reason I don't like this that much is it delays your spike way too much. And even though yeah, when you got Ravenous Hydra and if you're up against Mal Fighter and Gragas, sure, the extra sustain feels great, but you're not getting Ravenous Hydra till 11 or 12 minutes anyway. So, it doesn't really matter that much. You're not going to get that sustain until lane phase is pretty much done anyway. And the big benefit of Triforce is if anything goes well for you where if you have Triforce early around 11 minutes, 12 minutes, the chance you win a skirmish where you win one is better. If anything goes well, you can just completely annihilate the tower, get all those tower plates. Ravenous hydra, you're not really going to have that option. It's mainly just for sustain. And even though it might feel better being able to get golems and stuff like that, it's a bad habit to get into. Triforce is just the best. Now, for your second item, between Suned Sky being your default, there are some alternatives. So, just default to Suned Sky, especially if they have a bunch of melee champions or if you ever don't know what to build. But the exception to this rule is in games where you want to be winning through side lane. So, normally you snowball. you know, you can play for tier two. If you can make progress one v one, then tier mate items can be quite good. So, the stridebreaker is better into range tops if you feel like you can make progress or range top jungle especially can be quite good. And Titanic Hydra is good if you can just make progress with melees. So, let's say you're up against an Atrox and you get fed, maybe get two or three solar kills, you know that you can play for tier two top, tier two bottom, stuff like that. Titanic Hydra will be a great pickup. But maybe in that very same game, you go 00 or 01. Just default the sun sky. especially in games where there's going to be a lot of team fights, which is pretty much every game that you play. Sun Sky is going to be your go-to. Now, for the resistances, so Frozen Heart is actually a really underrated great second item on Jax, especially if they have heavy auto attackers because it's so cheap and you get a lot of ability haste as well. Jax is a really good haste user and if you verse champions like Trindir top Yoname especially if they have an AD jungler doesn't have to be the you know best game in the world for it like a Trindir Graves they might just have a VI jungle and an attack damage top like a Camil or something then frozen can still be great for you so I would just make sure that if you're ever versus heavy AD top jungle especially if their mid lanes behind Frozen Heart is in your your options I would say to pick up and don't just default the Sun Sky every time if they have a heavy AD comp especially if they have auto attackers. Now, for Kanic Ruken, this is something I've been cooking up a little bit recently, and I found a really high success into certain matchups, AP sidelaners. So, there's not many of them, but champions like Vladimir or champions like Gwen, this is a game changer because if you don't build this, if you build, let's say, Suned Sky, you're not getting any MR2 items, which is around 24 25 minutes. So, that's pretty much the whole sideling portion of the game. Then, it's Baron, then you're team fighting anyway. So, being able to beat a Gwyn or a Vladimir 1 v1 in sideline and get pressure gives you so many options in the game. So even in games where I've been behind up against Gwen as soon as I've got this Katagruken spike, I feel like I can beat her in side lane. So definitely a great pickup, especially if they have AP top jungle as well. Now for Blade of the Ruin King, one thing I want to make very clear, don't go Bour and Witend very often. This should be very, very rare. The best matchups for Bour is Dr. Mundo and Morisera. Other than very rare, the only time I would build this when I'm not up against those champions is if there's just no way I can team fight. If my team is behind, maybe I'm behind as well and I need to be able to kill side lane, maybe like a Darius or something, then I will go blade of ruin kick. Never into tanks. It might seem counterintuitive, but Bour, you're going to beat the Gragas. You're going to beat the Malight anyway. And if you're so far behind, you're not going to beat them with Bork anyway. So Bour is better into bruises, HP stacking bruises in games where you can't team fight at all or just into Dr. Mundo cuz that guy's a bit too beefy and he's always going to be sidelaning up against you. Now for Hullbreaker, this is quite good into matchups like Gragas and stuff like that. you don't really need MR or maybe match ups like Rumble if you get a good lead because they can't deal with the Hullbreaker enhanced minion very often. Even on as well is another good one. So you can just break the tower in front of them and with demolish and hull breaker you pretty much just break the tier 2 tower in about 5 6 seconds especially of grubs as well. So definitely an underrated second item in games where you just know you can break the second tower in front of them. And for boots I would say stay away from swifties after the nerf. You can of course if they've got ash oaf stuff like that but typically you're deciding between mercury treads and Ionian boots. So merk trade should be the one that you actually prioritize the highest. It actually doesn't mean that you build it the most. You build cooldown boosts the most as Jax uses CDs really well, uses flash and TP really well and they're really really cheap. But the reason you want to prioritize Merk treads higher is not having merk treads is so much worse than not having cooldown boots in the wrong game. So if you're versus Leona Landre and a bunch of CC, you need to go merk treads. Even if your lane opponent is physical damage, just make sure you don't build them until after your triforce if your lane opponent's not AP. Now, for the rest of our build tip, actually, I'll touch on tabies as well. The reason you don't want to go tabies very often is because your EB blocks auto attack, so it's not really that efficient. So, it's better for you to only go tabies if it's extreme. If they have trend graves or something crazy like that, full AD comp, maybe Yaso mid, you've ad carry top like Quinn, sure, tabies will be great in that situation, but other than the extreme cases, just default to cool downs or merk treads. Now, moving on to the third and fourth item, rounding off our build. So Zas, this is going to be in your six item build every single game. And I would say 90% of the time, your third item. This item is just so good on Jax for team fighting. You really feel the second awakening on this champion level 16 with zas and even the mini spike of seekers. Really, really good as well. You can go in, make a lot of space, you know, burn your cooldowns. Zas and get another rotation of Q and E up. So you can buy a lot of time in fights and get your full combo down without risk of just getting CCd and blown up. So really really valuable on him even in games where you're sidelaning if you think about it your sidelaning build your second item your third by the time you get your third item it's around baron time anyway baron dragon soul so you don't really want to be building a hull break of third very often unless of course you're going to be winning the game three side very very clearly so maybe up against that graish you're really progressing the game you feel like you can get inhib pickup or if you just feel strong enough and tanky enough the enemy's low threat that you don't need zas then you don't have to do it but I would just say any close game any losing game and even in most winning games just go to zas most of the time but I'll go through one by one when you wouldn't go it so for kanic rukan of course if they have heavy AP threat so maybe you went sky second but they have AP jungle mid of course you need kicen at that point now for frozen heart this is just a third item alternative to zas where you don't need zas where you feel like you're not going to die you're not going to get bursted you feel so strong or if you base with enough gold to one shot a frozen heart that's a really good condition as well then it's a really good pickup now for hole breaker like we just touched touched on. If you're playing up against or if you're playing up against Gragas or something like that, Kenan, and you just want to pull them away from the fight, especially if the champion you're versing isn't more useful than you in a team fight like a cannon, then hellbreaker can give you a ton of value. And for borks, so these attack speed items, it's pretty much the reasoning I gave before. So, Mundo and Morticiser can be quite good. Witsend very, very rare. You typically want a tanky MR item if you need MR and Witsend. It just doesn't feel like you're building anything. That's the problem with this item. If you want more 1 v one threat, you go bor. If you want, just go kanigan. The reason I have it in here is because there will be some cases where you need tenacity and man, and you're not really that scared of getting bursted. So, for example, maybe up against like a Landre and they have merely top jungle support where you're going to be autoting and bashing a lot and you couldn't go Merk trades for whatever reason. You know, maybe you need a tabies in that game or something or you just base with enough for cool down boots, you can go within. But to be honest, I don't want this on the list. The reason I have it here is just cuz you do build it some games. It's not a never. But stay away from these attack speed items. I don't want to see you building them very often. Now for the rest of our build, same reasoning as before. The only new item you'll see here is Rift Maker. This can be a good last item, especially if your team is lacking AP as it gives you a bit of HP as well. Good in the extended trades, but you don't want to really want to be building full AP. Just this one AP item can be fine. And other than that, Titanic Hydra can be good later on when you already have a ton of HP from the rest of your build. Now, to finish off, I want to be going through items that I don't recommend that you build. So these items that I just think are bad on jacks. It might be a one in a,000, one in 500 game where you build them, but typically to you should be staying away from them. Now I spawn rush. So I briefly mentioned that, but this item is good into full AD comp maybe. So if you Yaso mid, grave jungle, you know, trinameir top, sure you can slam ice. Of course, it's going to be great, but I wouldn't build it unless that's the condition that's met. Now for black cleaver. So this item is bad. Jax is actually around half magic damage, maybe a little bit less. So it's not really that efficient of a buy. the item is just pretty weak in general as well. So even if you build versus a tank, this is not the item that you want to be building. And for Terminus, I wouldn't say this is necessarily bad. I'd just say it's more of a for fun item. So there's never going to be a game where you would build this over another item. But if you're just carrying the game, if you're really fed, it can be a little bit of fun. And for Randuins, the reason I don't like this one, it's just because your E blocks auto attacks anyway. So it's very inefficient. It's better to build frozen heart. So whenever you would build randuins, frozen heart would be a better buy. you know, maybe an extreme case like if you just yon yaso trristana same comp you know whatever anything like that but that's never going to happen so just default to frozen over randuins and for shogun so spir of shojen I have experimented with a lot because in my head it should be good on jacks it should feel good but it just doesn't there's no situation that I've come into where shoen is a better buy than either titanic hydra or zas or a full tank item so I'll just stay away from it I don't really see a situation where this would be better than another alternative that I've mentioned in this guide and for GA. The reason you don't want GA is cuz Z is just better. So, there's no reason to prioritize Guardian Angel over Zas. Now, for Flicker Blades, this one I'm close to putting on the list. The reason I'm not, again, it's another for fun item. You're going to beat your opponent 1 v one inside whether you have this item or not. It's really, really rare. It's going to be the difference maker. And if you versus a champion that you want to spend all your gold on purely combat power, again, like a Mundo or like a Morichism, then Blade of Rune King is going to be better. So, I don't see a situation where Flicker Blades is better than that. But again, it is pretty fun. So if you're really fed and you vers a heavy auto attacking team, you can go this. But in a normal game, even if you do versus a heavy auto attacking team, frozen art will be better. And for the final one, full AP. So this is probably unfortunately one of the most common questions I get asked about Jax builds. When should you go full AP? Is full AP good? The the short answer to that is no. You should never be building full AP on J. The reason for that is full AP J isn't really a build to make the champion stronger in certain situations. It's a build that really accentuates Boss's play style. So, of course, he's the one that started the full AP jacks. And the reason it's good on him, he does the proxying, the high tempo death recall, you know, dying on with good tempo, getting high farm per minute, dying inside, stuff like that. Full AP is better for that cuz the wave clear is significantly higher. If boss built AD, he wouldn't be able to proxy. He wouldn't be able to clear the waves properly. So, he needs to build it. That doesn't mean that you can't do it, of course, but just like you've never seen a scion player in League, the ining scion that's done well, a full AD scion, apart from boss, you're never going to see an AP jack that does well either. So, I would just recommend stay away from it. Learn jacks the more standard way and get really good at the default rune and item setups. Moving on to ability tips and tricks. And starting with the passive, something to keep in mind for this one is before you take a big level one trade in a really volatile matchup or an allin, anything like that, if you can stack up your passive on the wave before you go, that's going to make it more optimal, especially versus strong level one champions like Darius or Olaf or anything like that. If you can stack up your passive before you go, your chance of success will be way higher, especially with the lethal tempo setup. Now, with the ability maxing, you're going to be maxing W every game, then E, then Q, and of course, putting upon an alt whenever you can. So, moving on to the Q. So, the Q is relatively straightforward. A point click jump. But there are some things to you need to know about it. Starting with the auto attack cancel. So, if you auto attack just as the damage goes through, use your Q. You can cancel that auto animation and still get the damage off, which can be quite useful for autoing people and jumping away or just maximizing your damage. You can also QW at the same time and that's going to proc your W damage onto them, but it's not really recommended unless that's going to kill them because Q auto W is going to be more damage of course getting in that extra auto attack. You can also QW and then za and you'll get the full QW damage onto them and za's in the air and even though you'll be golden, you'll still get that damage down. That can be useful if you feel like you're going to die or get CCD while you're in midair. That's the only real use for it. But other than that, don't waste your ZA unless you absolutely need to. Now, one thing to keep in mind for the Q is when you're chasing people. I see this mistake a lot because E cool down is higher than Q. But if you're chasing someone, that doesn't mean you just want to queue onto their head the second it comes back up. Sometimes you want to be holding on to your your Q until your E is up. So syncing your Q and your E together so that when you jump onto them, you can stun them instead of just Q auto what they walk away or use a little movement speed booster and then your E comes back up, you don't have your Q, try to sync your Q and your E together while chasing if possible. Now, another thing to keep in mind as well is if somebody is face checking you or even if you can't, they're not face checking, but even if you can just lead with movement, you should always try to do that. If you can walk towards somebody, auto W and hold on to your Q until they dash away or flash away, anything like that, it's going to be a way more optimal use of the spell because you never want to just queue out of the bush, they flash, and now you have nothing left to really chase them or you have to waste your own flash. One thing to keep in mind as well, we mentioned it briefly, the auto attack cancel. You can also do that with W. So if you utilize your W, so W someone and then queue away, you can get a damage an animation cancel, but still get that W damage going through. This one can be more useful versus champs like set champs like Darius where you might want to whack them on the head with your W and Q away before you get pulled back in. Now for your W, your W being an auto take reset is one of the most important things about it. So make sure you're always auto cancelling while trading, taking towers, anything like that. You can also buff your W through crowd control. This is one of the most important parts of the skill by far. And if you can't do this, you're going to lose a lot of matchups that could be winnable like Gragas or like Riven where they're very CC and disengage reliant. They're trade patterns. But if you can buff your W, especially with Sheen or with Grasp, you can imagine how much extra free damage you're going to be getting while you're CCd. So make sure you're always trying to buff a W3 CC if you can. Even if Camil's eating you off the wall, you can still get it. So make sure you do it as much as possible. The W also works on towers. Now it's not a new change by any means, but just something to keep in mind. So, while you're taking a towel, you just want to be using your W and your auto tech reset as much as possible. You can also W flash. It's pretty rare that you want to do this. Maybe you're killing somebody and flashing ability at the same time or something, but it is something that you can do. And I would say one of the most important things to keep in mind for this ability for lane is the trade pattern with it. Where a lot of Jaxers I see, they don't trade unless they're queuing. You don't need a queue every time. If your opponent goes up for a CS and you can use the W's a little bit of extra range to give them a whack on the head, especially when you have Sheen and the grass play style, that's going to be the best trade possible because you can imagine if Gragas walks up, hits a minion and you just whack him with W and click away and take no damage yourself. That's going to be a great trade. But if you queue onto his head, he's going to Eve before you can get your W down, you're going to lose that trade. So it doesn't matter what match up you're playing. If you can just whack them on the head with W as they go for a minion, it's a nice short trade, especially with grasp or Sheen. That's going to be a really good trade pattern for you to get the hang of, especially in the more volatile close matchups. Now, for Jax's E, not only will this ability block auto attacks completely, you'll also take reduced damage from AoE abilities by 25%. So, definitely worth using if you're getting bursted. It also works on casalty, which is quite a notable one, and you'd be surprised how many times that saved me. So, make sure you put it up before you get culted if you're low HP. Just be prepared to get missing ping by your teammates. that haven't watched this guide as they might think you're trying to block it completely, but trust me, it's going to be worth surviving. Now, one tip I really like to teach for using your E in the early game for wave control, especially for trying to hard push, is using it more like a spirit bomb. So, what I mean by that, if you just E just straight away without any help, it's going to do almost no damage if you just cast on the wave. You need to be absorbing damage auto attack. So, five of them is the maximum you can do, but that includes minion as well. So, the way you can do it, if you're pushing towards your opponent and you want to hard push, jump on their head, auto attack them once or Q, auto W, be more optimal, all the minions are going to turn onto you. They're going to attack you. You put your E up, you absorb that damage, you're going to do way more damage to your opponent, but also the wave as well. And even if your opponent does dodge your E, maybe they dash away or something, it's worth having that extra wave clear because without it, it's very hard to hard push a wave in the early game. Also in a situation where you're looking to flash and kill your opponent. I always recommend if you're walking towards them move E to flash E. The reason for that is QE is way easier for them to flash away or to dodge or anything like that. But flash Eye is instant. So walk towards them, flash Eye and then Q away or Q follow after they flash is way better than queuing after them and having to flash follow because Q is a point click. The range is extra long and it's easier to react to. You can also use your E while recalling. The only situation this is useful is if you're killing, I'd say golems or something like that. You can put up your E, press the B button, just as the small golems fall down, they're going to start hitting you. Your E will kill the golem. Save you a couple extra seconds. Doesn't do a lot, but definitely gives you extra style points in the gain. Now, for my favorite tip for his E, I like to call this one the slick back, where you want to be walking towards your opponent with your E up. Of course, your chest is out, you look scary, they're probably going to flash away or dodge it and be really prepared. So, what you want to do is actually click backwards, turn your back, give them that fake sense of confidence, and then just flash or cube onto them after that to give them less time to react. Because if Jack's running towards you with E, very scary, but if his back is turned, their chance to react to what you want to do is going to be significantly lower. This is also important when you're tower diving them, something like that. You walk towards them with E, you click away, you pretend you're calling off the dive, and then you go back in. Way harder for them to react to than someone that just tries to run you down with that anger in their eyes. And finally, your E blocking crowd control. So, this one is one of the most important parts of the ability depending on the comp you're playing up against. So, the E blocks crowd control if it's an auto attack based ability. Not just CC, but the CC is the ones that you need to know about the most. Of course, auto attack enhancements like Kim Q, you can block that, but the CC ones are the big dogs. So, I'll put them all on the screen now, but abilities like Twisted Fate W, Leona Q, really, really important that you utilize your E to block them. Even big abilities like Viega ulti that applies on hit effects. I know it's not really, you know, hard CC, anything like that. you can use it as well. And I'll have the big list on the screen, but there are some really important ones that you need to know about that I'll highlight. So, make sure you're utilizing your E to block them whenever you can. And for Jax's ultimate, as soon as you level up this ability, you gain the passive on your third auto attacks, every three autos, you'll gain bonus magic damage. But when you cast the ulti, that's going to change to every second. So, make sure when you go for an extended trade or an allin, you're alting as early as possible to get as many AR procs as you can. This is extremely important with the lethal tempo build as well as you're going to be auto attacking very frequently. So try to R before use your auto W because that's two auto attacks that you're going to be missing if you ult and I see that mistake quite a lot. You can also use your ulti in midair. So you can Q and then R while you're in the air. It's going to hit them as you land which can be quite important. So Q you can cast your E in the air as well. So E2 so they're stunned in there and hit ulti at the same time and then auto W feels very very smooth. You can also R and then flash. One of my personal favorites. So make sure you're utilizing that cuz R has a brief cast time. So R flash is the best way to hit your opponent catch them off guard. uh flash auto W quite a lot of burst as well. So you can catch a lot of people off guard with that. Now the more people you hit with your ulti, the more armor and magic resist you gain. So make sure you're kind of using it like a budget allow ulti. Try and hit as many people as possible. I mean you should be doing that anyway because it does damage. But just keep that in mind. The more people hit the tankier you'll get. So always try to hold on to a fight instead of using it on one guy if you're going to see an opening later on especially in these 5v5s. Moving on to combos. And for laning, bit Jax has three basic trading combos they want to be utilizing. The first one being E, Q, E2, auto W. This is your standard one when you feel like you have a power advantage over your opponent and they can't really fight you back. But if they can, notably up against champions like Darius or champs like set where they're going to pull you back in and beat you up, you want to be ending your train CC by using E then Q then auto W and then stunning them and walking away. Don't greed that extra auto attack or Daryus is going to pull you right back in and chop your head off. Now, another way you can trade into these strong champions or just in a match up where maybe you're a little bit behind is leading with movement. So, walk towards your opponent, auto W and then auto E2 and then either Q away or use your Q to follow them if you feel like you're going to win the trade. But that's a really good trading pattern, especially up against champions with dashes or disengage abilities like Gragas. Lead with movement is going to be really important for you, even in favorable matchups. If you can get behind them when they go for a minion and use this combo, you can be very flexible with how you use your Q. Now, once you have your ulti, the combo exchanges a little bit, of course. So, EQR is going to be pretty standard for you. You can also use your E and the N. So, EQR E is going to be really good for you because your R is going to hit them. They're going to be stunned. And then auto W. So, you're going to get the R proc from just the two autos, the auto plus the W auto reset. So, EQR E2 auto W. That's going to be a quick bursting combo. But the fastest one of all to catch them off guard is of course r/ auto W or E R/ E2 auto W. The reason you'd use the previous one is if you don't have your E up or if they're low enough to one-shot because when you put your E up, they're going to be in a defensive mindset. So R flash auto W can really catch them off guard. But if you have your E or if you feel like you need the bit of extra damage, E R flash E, auto W, Q, and your Q can be to chase them down or to queue away, maybe out of tower range, anything like that. These are going to be the most important combats at all once you have your ulti. So make sure you practice these ones in training tool. Moving on to the laning phase. And before I go through some examples, I'm going to be quickly going through the top five most important laning reference points for you to keep in mind. These are going to have the biggest impact by far across any lane that you play if you can add them to your skill set. So definitely worth prioritizing. So number one, leading with movement. There are so many matchups that you play where if you just QE onto their head, they're either going to retrade onto you or destroy you or you're not going to do enough meaningful damage, they might disengage you or just sustain it back and you're going to go in pretty quickly. But if you lead with movement, start fighting them, then use your E, keep fighting them, and then use your Q either to disengage or keep chasing them, the trades are going to be a lot more meaningful. This applies level one quite a lot as well, or you don't have your Q yet. Lead with movement, make them walk through you to get to the tower because if you just walk at them and use your E and hit them, they're going to click backwards and your trade is going to be very tiny. But if you go with movement first, walk behind them, start fighting them, then use your E, they have to run through you to get back to their tower. especially if you utilize the bushes or just walk behind when they go for a minion. Your trade is going to be a lot more significant. Now, decisively crashing waves. This doesn't just apply for the first four waves, although that's probably the most important, but every time you're pushing towards your opponent, you need to ask yourself, am I slow pushing or hard pushing? And if the answer is hard pushing, try to utilize your E like a spirit bomb. Use the help from the minions, hit your opponent, Q, auto W, put your E up. You're going to absorb that minion aggro, and the damage is going to be a lot more significant for your trade, but also for hitting the wave as well. So that's the best way for you to hard crash a wave, especially in the early game. Now W procking. So a lot of Jaxes when you take Grasp, when you take Sheen, they still play as if Jax was, you know, back in the good old days where you can just jump on people's head and beat them down. But there are so many matchups that you're going to play now. A Bessa, Cassante, all these really balanced champions where you need to be using your W just as kind of a one and done. So if you have your Grasper, you get Sheen for recall, they walk up for a minion, you whack them with W and click away, they can't really force onto you. You still have your Q, you still have your E. And that's a really good way to just slowly chip away at your opponent without really taking that much damage yourself. Even if they hit you back with their Cassante Q, of course, W with, you know, three points W at that point with Sheen and Grasp, the damage is going to be a lot more significant. So just whacking them on the head with W, getting them lower and lower every time they go for a minion and then going for a committal trade is going to be a viable strategy, especially against champions where like Casante or like Gragas or if you jump on their head, they're just going to beat you up and just disengage you and CC him. So, it's important that you utilize the skill set when you have that grasp mentality. Now, the biggest thing I would say for the early game, especially in volatile auto attack based matchups like Gwen or like Fiora, is if your E is on cooldown, it needs to be a switch in your mind. You need to play completely different when your Jax E is on cooldown. Now, it's a really long cooldown. So, make sure you use it well. But if that spell is down, you need to be willing to give a couple of minions because if you get a good trade, let's say on a Fiora with your E and then you walk away and then you see a nice juicy 14 gold from a custom minion, walk up to hit it, she Q or autods you and like or Q auto E just beats you up. Of course, when your E is back up, you're going to be too low to play the game. So when your E is down, you need a respect. Unless, of course, your opponent's so low that you kill them anyway. You need to play differently and maintain high HP. Be willing to give minions when your ear is down. And for our final reference point, don't be afraid to tank auto attacks. So what I mean by that is level one, I would say every Jax I've seen below master, maybe below diamond, they will try to eat the first auto. But if your opponent tries to bait it, fake auto, or even if they just hit you once and click away, you're not going to get the most value of it. For starters, you don't want to be full HP anyway. If you take a damage, give your second win, give your dorm shield a job to do. That's going to be a bit more optimal. But if you take an auto or two and just keep hitting them and they're running away, you might get free autos or you might even be able to hold your E, which if you remember our previous reference point is really important. If your E is down, you have to respect. But let's say you're versing Gwen and you fight her, you auto attack her a few times and she just runs back to town. You can hold your E. Now she's kind of stuck. She doesn't really know what to do. If she walks up, you still have E. Especially with lethal temper, it's a bit scary as well. So holding on to your E in these volatile situations until you know they're committed, until you know the trade will go for a long time or until you're in a great position is going to be a really important skill for you to learn. It's pretty unintuitive though, so it's really something that you're going to have to practice and hopefully this guide when I show some examples will help you with that, but it's definitely something to keep in mind. Do not try to either first auto attack, hold on to it for the right moment. Moving on to our laning examples. In this game, I'm playing up against a Dr. Mundo. It's going to be a pretty common champion that you play up against. It's a pretty good pick into Jax, but also somebody recently has made Moundo's play rate go up. I don't want to name any names, but it's definitely an important match up for you to know how to play it. So, as you can see for my setup, Lethal Tempo, Ignite, full aggression. Ignite is definitely optional, but I really rate Lethal Tempo in this matchup as you can't really take short trades against him. You need to be able to force allins as you'll see in this game. So, level one, you can see I'm trying to put pressure onto him, but without your Q, there's not much you can do to stop him just sitting two screens away and chucking cleavers. So my goal is to slow push, build the biggest wave that I can and hard crash my wave cleanly to make waveh four, ideally bounce back to the center and then I can queue onto his head whenever I want. So just really gently last hitting you can see him. Don't want to do anything too crazy. If I jumped onto him now and Diagra from the casters, my wave would push a bit too quickly. So I'm just trying not to do that and just push it very slowly there. I only use my Q for the farm because he's not going to walk up anyway. So might as well might not miss out on that CS. But if he was walking up, of course, I would have taken it. Now here, I'm going to be trying to queue onto him to use my E like that spirit bomb, absorb the minion aggro, but he's sitting under tower. So, of course, nothing I can really do about that. So, I'm just going to hit it as fast as I can here. You can see bursting in the minions. Even if I miss one or two, that's kind of brutal. We don't want to see that. But even if you miss a couple, you need to get the wave in quickly. So, here I went for a demolish proc just because I can. I built the big wave. Nothing really happened early game, so I might as well take the free chunk there. And now I'm going to go ward because I'm planning to play aggressive on this bounce back. The reason I warded the dot push, not the trip, is because I'm letting the wave come back in. So I thought it'd be fine. So now here you can see trying to keep my passive stacked up. Ideally, I want to stack two waves at a time. So crash wave four and five together, but because he's chucking Q's, I can hit the wave a little bit without having to worry about crashing this wave too much. And I'm blocking the cannon minion here. He ended up missing anyway, so not a big problem. So you can see Liam, this matchup is pretty boring because it's in his control. if he wants to let you beat him up or not. But I'm just playing the wave control aspect, trying to get good farm. And other than the couple that we missed, it has been pretty good so far. So you can see here, I'm trying to fishing for a Q. And there I saw an angle where I could queue onto him without just being in tower range. So you need to be watching him closely and see if he mispositions out of tower range. Like he just stepped forward there. So I can get a trade onto him. And then clicking away cuz your stun doesn't really stun him. It just procs passive. And now I turn and fight him. I got lethal tempo. I know I can take this Q, auto, W, ignite. And this is why ignite does feel quite good in this matchup. if you can take it so that you can burst him from low HP there. So if we go back to this, how did it go from nothing happening to killing him in about a second? So from our earlier trade and proing demolish, I did get a bit of his HP there. And the second he stood out out from tower range cuz I let my wave bounce back to the center from crashing it cleanly. I was able to get the chunk. Bring him back here. And if he tries to give me this extended trade, I'm going to go for it. I was also able to bait his cleaver. You can see there my movement pretend to go down and then click up at the last second. I'm faking that I'm going down so I can dodge his cleaver. And then because I've got lethal tempo, Jack's passive, I know I'm going to win that extended trade and we're able to pick up a nice kill and then get our recall off. And we're in a really good position in this matchup. So on our way back to lane here, you can see I went sheen as my first item. Normally with lethal tempo, I like long sword stacking. But it is Mundo. It's kind of hard to beat him down. He's going to sit so far away. So Sheen is going to be fine and I can just take little chunky trades with it and then all him later on. So here, if you touch this cannon minion, I'm going to go. So big trade here. Just keep hitting him. Keep rocking Lethal Tempo. You can see here I'm feeling really confident. If you have Grasp, you can't play this way. Imagine I have Grasp him. I'm going to lose this trade and he's going to be fine. I need Lethal Tempo. I need the ability to force this type of trade. And you can see here, burn his flash. And now he has to recall cuz he knows I can just flash QWM whenever I want. So, he can't play the game anymore. So, I just trim the wave a little bit. And base on my freeze and he loses a lot. So, already it was 5 minutes into the game getting a massive lead. If you can't get a lead before Mig's level six, it does get pretty difficult. So, make sure your early game wave control is on point in this matchup and you're always looking for opportunities to punish him when you bounce your wave back and he leaves that tower range. Next up, we have the Ambessa matchup. And I'm actually going to showcase two examples of this one because I verse it pretty frequently in Korean solo cube and it's a pretty tough matchup. I definitely struggled with it at the beginning, but now I feel very very confident in this one. So, we're going to be going through a couple of examples. So, pretty much in this matchup, level one, you need to be very careful with your E. You can see I'm not using my E straight away. I'm waiting for her. She has the priority here, the agency. If she cues on to me, then I can E her. If she doesn't use her Q, I just need to chill. I just need to hit the wave, get prior, because if I use my E and she dodges it with her Q, then I'm really vulnerable with my E on cool down. So, you can see as soon as she Q's onto me, I use my E, I'm able to get a good trade. You also want to be fishing for grass auto attacks whenever you can. Not really in best specific, but definitely in this matchup. So, you can see if you touch this minion, I'm going to hit you and get a nice little free grass proc there. So now maintaining prior. The most important thing is crashing your wave cleanly. Here I'm going for a grass proc. Don't try that at home. I was very very keen for it, but just out of range there. As long as I crash wave three cleanly, though it's not going to be a problem. So you can see I know her queue is up. So I'm chilling waiting before my level two before I use my E. Pretty good thing as well to keep in mind. You don't want to desync your E, your second E with your Q very often. It's pretty rare unless they're forcing onto you. So here if I E then I'll get level two and I'd have my Q available without E. Not really ideal. So I wait for my level two and now I go. So nice trade here and then click away ending that trade in CC so that she can't really retrade onto me. And now I can see I want to crash wave three. So you want to be trying to kill the last minion of wave two. As wave three arrives there. I had to dodge her Q2 first. But now I want to be bursting this wave. So of course it's time to use our E like a spirit bomb. Auto Q auto absorb this minion aggro. And even though I'm going to miss my E on her here, you can see my E chunk, the big chunk of this wave. Ideally, I would have hit a little bit more, but that was my opportunity to go in. And now I can get this wave in very quickly utilizing my empowered E to get the wave in, get my ward down. And now my wave bounces back to here so that I can actually trade onto it. Compared to if the wave was here, I wouldn't be able to do anything. So waiting for my grasp before I go in, dodge the Q2, and now it's go time. So with my E here, notice I'm not stunning straight away. Notice I'm not queuing straight away. I'm waiting for the shield to drop off. I use my E to block her shield bash auto attack and grass proc passive. So I'm holding my E for the shield to drop off. Now drops off. I get the bow plating little auto there. And you can see I'm holding my W till the end cuz W is extra range. It will follow her dashing as well. So a lot of little details go into this matchup. So bait out the Q there. Another one just to hit you with five little details back to back. But it's really important for Sessa and other matchups like Aatrox or Morichiser. Baiting them to use their skill shots. So here I walk towards her, click backwards, baiting it out, pre-dging it in advance, and now her Q is on cool down. I can play the game. So you can see I'm slow pushing this wave. You normally stack two waves at a time and then pressure them when they walk up for fun. That's the pattern you want to follow. So here, if you touch this cannon minion, I'm going to go exactly what I do here. Big trade, absorb that minion aggreg. See how much extra damage it does after absorbing the creeps. So I'm able to get prior and chunker. Now, unfortunately, even though this looks good, her champion came out after us, so she doesn't have mana, and we do. So, we have to recall, but as long as you get the first recall and TP back to lane, really important. Don't walk back to lane thinking, I'll save it in case I get chunked again. You need to maintain control. Now, she's in a really weird spot. If she bases, she's going to lose three minions of XP. But if she stays, she can't really pressure me, which is really, really good for me. The reason I'm not going in right now, I'm kind of waiting for her to use an ability. So, now that her Q is down to Q2, now it's time to go. If you touch this minion, I'm going to go. So you can see always guarding minions, but I don't want to use my E. It's really important that if you know they're going to dash away with like a Gwen E or a Fur Q, anything like that, just Q or W them, hold on to your E, and then use your E with your next Q when their dash is on cooldown. Most champions dashing ability will be short longer cool down than Jax's Q. And this is a little bit of an exception cuz she has three dashing spells, but same thing applies. If you're going to QE and she dashes away and dodges it, you might as well just not use your E. Hold it for the second rotation of trading. So there, she had to stop her recall. I really didn't want her to base here. So, I used my E and pretended like I was going to Q or flash onto her. So, she had to stop base and then I just hard shoved this base uh this wave here. So, because my wave was so big and she was so low, I felt confident to go for a tower plate. I could have played a little bit better. I could have just queue away now, but little bit greedy for an extra hit for no reason. So, pulled the weight back out here. So, you can see I'm trying to get a free W of grass procking just as the tower shoots. I'm going to hit her. So, boom. And Q out. So, I don't take a tower shot, but I can get a little bit of extra damage onto her. So now I'm kind of thinking I want to get this wave in really quickly because it's stuck inside of her tower. I really really don't like that. So I'm trying to hard shove it, but then she used an ability. She chunked the wave a bit. So now I can just chill. This wave will bounce back to me. So that's exactly what I let it do. And now I need to rush level six. That's why I W this minion. I need six before she does. If she got six before me, I'd be in a tricky spot. So I had to match that level six. And now it's time to go. So QE ulti ulti before auto W. So I get the two head passive. Dodge her Q2. and now flash for the kill. So, a lot of little details went into this matchup. Definitely a tricky one, but hopefully this gave you a good example of how to play out the trades and the wave control in the early lane. So, I'll show one more example of this matchup into a slightly worse opponent who played the level one better. So, a bit of different learning from this one. So, you can see level one, she actually queued but hopped in a good direction. So, I'm not going to be able to use my E, which is perfectly fine. It's better to not use your E than to use it in a bad way. Of course, that sounds very, very straightforward, the Korean advice. But a lot of people make that mistake. They you feel pressure to use E just cuz they take damage. But I can give my D shield and second win a job to do, take that little bit of poke and be perfectly fine. So I'm holding on to E here. Just kind of chilling and waiting for my level two, so I can abuse my two verse one spike. Now, in this matchup, actually, this was before the one you just watched. So my wave control is a little bit worse. Trying to do it better every time. But you can see here my cleanly crash wave was not as clean as I would have liked. I still got a level two versus one trade, so it's not the end of the world. If your wave control is not perfect, but the trades are good. It's normally not too bad, but it's still pretty ugly. I'd rather clean the cratch wave three in this matchup, but still going to be fine. So, I just need to get this wave in, kill the melees, and then let the casters bounce back to me and then take a trade if she walks up. So, we can see here, I held on to my E until she overdashed, and then I used it, got an extra trade. So, just keep hitting her, and now I try to get the extra W, use that extra range if she walks up. Never mind, just letting the wave come back into the center. So, the thing about this matchup as well, you don't want to let your wave come back to your side of the tower as if you're like an Olaf or something. The reason for that is because you want to maintain prior and maintain the XP and minion advantage. So, you will see really shortly in these trades how important that can be. So, I trade onto her here just to burn her spells, go for an E trade, nice little chunk, and then she retrades onto me, but I bring her back to my minions. You can see I've got the XP lead. I've got the minion wave advantage. So if she goes on to me here, she's taking so much damage from this cannon wave where if I tried to let the wave come back to my tower for some reason to run her down, which is not realistic versus some too many dashes and poke, she would have minion wave advantage and XP lead. Should be able to crash the wave very easily. So I'm maintaining prior trying to clean the crash waves and have a bounce back and then force a and trade every time I have an XP advantage. You can see they're level four versus three and able to collect this nice kill. For our next match up, we have Darius. So, this is definitely one of the most volatile matchups you're going to play in. And I really recommend and love the setup that I'm running in this game in this matchup. So, lethal tempo, bone plating, and ignite is really good in this lane because the best defense is a good offense. You need to be able to fight them out. Where if you have grasp and TP, your trades are so little, your allin is so weak, you don't really have the combat power needed to fight him early game. You'll see really shortly why I rate the setup so highly. So, level one straight away, I'm hitting the wave to get prime, but also to stack up my Jax passive versus strong champion like Darius. Even the little thing of having your passive stacked up ahead of time can make a big difference. Here I try to walk inside the cube, but he spaced it well the bush and E his first auto attack. So now I keep hitting him and click backwards cuz I have a bleed stack on me. But now I turn again and just keep fighting out. So you can see him. I'm willing to fight him level one because it's really hard for him to stack his Q to stack his passive level one with only one ability. So you need to make it a bit volatile early. So this is exactly what I do. I'm always moving between autos trying to dodge inside of his Q range. Do that here. And you can see already off to a really good start. I've secured prior I've won on the trade and we're in a really good position now. But because I made it volatile and pissed off the wave, I do have to crash wave two, which is not the end of the world. Normally in this situation, I would try to bring a minion up here, try to draw that aggro. But versus Darius, I'm really scared of getting hooked on the tower. So I just let it come in naturally. So here, I want to get level three before him. And this is where I made my big mistake in the early lane. I actually missed an XP level one and I didn't notice it in the moment because the wave was so weird looking. So here I killed the second minion which normally gets you level three and jumped on his head. I'm pretty sure I even hit W here but it didn't go off cuz of course I'm not level three. That was a mistake there. But we're still able to get a decent trade here. So this is where the ignite comes into play without Ignite. I can't win this. I can hold my ground and I'm able to trade one for one here. Not the prettiest one for one in the world, but you can see the wave's coming back towards me. He doesn't have TP. He's going to lose way more than me. And if I played the level three better, if I realized I missed the XP, I could have gone a one for zero or just let the wave come back in and kill him with le, which is what happens after this point. So make sure when you play against Darius, the most common mistake I see is playing too passively. You need to be willing to fight him, get pry, and make it volatile level one or you're just going to lose. Our next match up, we have Gragas, which is a really common counter pick you're going to run into. And this was my most recent VOD. It did start a little bit late the recording, but you didn't really miss much. Now, something you'll notice in this lane is I've actually started W because you want to be buffering your W through his E. If you use E and walk towards him, he's going to knock you back. But with W, you can buffer it through. So, you'll see really shortly what I mean by that where here, if he E me as I go for this trade really maybe on the next one, if he E me as I go for it, my W will still hit him. So, guarding the minion here. So, even if he E me right now, my W would still proc. I'll still get my grasp, but he ED me late cuz he tried to space it first. So, he knows my W can buffer, which is why he held his Eim. But typically W start is better in this matchup so that you can buffer it. That's why you missed in the level one trade. But of course, as usual, we need to be crashing wave three as quickly as we can or wave two depending on the matchup. So here I'm pushing it as quickly as I can. And then I'm going to Q. Even though he's going to E me, I still want to use my E to push the wave in and I'm able to get a nice clean crash. So now we bounce the wave back towards us. So the early point of this matchup's actually not that tricky. The main thing is making your D shield in second wind work overtime and just make sure you take short trades and burn out his mana pool. So, we can see here a little trick as well for your grasp. I tanked this minion one auto. Just one little auto there to get my grasp stacking. Get the second one. And now it's time for a W buffer. But he made a mistake here. So, we had to hit him with the little slick back here. You can see pretend to walk away and the Q onto him last second. So, he wasn't really ready to E my E because I gave him that little slick back turn around there. So, playing it slow, going for a W. But you can see he's playing around it well. This is not a bad player. He knows that if he walks up and I get a free W, it's not going to be great for him. And then here, he's got a minion and XP advantage. So, I just clicked away. But you can see we're already off to a really good start. He's low mana, half HP. I still got my potion. Wave's in a great state. So, mainly focusing on the wave control and buffering your W. As you can see here, so E has W. A little trick as well. If he doesn't EU straight away, you want to pop your E early. He should stun me right now, but because he didn't, I insta eat as quickly as I could have so that I can get that free the damage and the stun extra auto as well. And then Q to follow him. And then here, I pretended like I was going to flash auto him to burn his flash. And now we're already off to a really, really good start. So, we hard push this way. I'm not going to go through the whole matchup. You can see it's already pretty stable. After this, it gets tricky. Your main goal is to maintain prime. Use W to buffer your grasp through his E, burn out his minor pool, and then get Sheen on your first recall. If you can do that, you're going to be perfectly fine in this lane. And for our final match up, we have Casante. And try not to get flashbanged by the map. This VOD was on a previous patch, but still going to be the same thing. In fact, Jax is even stronger at the moment. So, the main thing about this matchup is the way you use your W and baiting to him to use his Q. So, baiting Q's, dodging it and trying to get free W procs onto him, especially when you have your sheen. So, you can see here big E absorbing all that minion aggro cuz I really want to get pry and then taking the grass proc there. So, you want to auto him, absorb that minion aggro, use the spirit bomb, and I wanted to guarantee prior here no matter what. So, exactly what we did here. So, hit all three casters and him. So, off to a good start and then turning for our grass proc. So playing it quite slow here. The hard thing about this matchup is once he has his W, you can pretty much never queue onto his head with E. You want to lead with movement, E him, and then your W and then you queue away. That's going to be a future trading pattern. But early game, you just want to get prior and make sure your E is hitting him in the wave so that you can crash cleanly. So you can see here, slowing down my push, just trying to get it in cleanly without missing CS. And now the next wave will bounce back towards me. So because my E hit the wave, I think twice, I had to go for a wave two crash, which is not the end of the world here. So big trade here. Q, follow his E. Level two, he probably won't go W. If he does, I can queue away. If he goes E, I hold my Q to Q, follow him. So you can see you start with movement, use your E and then use your Q to either follow him or Q away, depending on the situation. So trying to get my level three here really slowly, level three, and then W him for just a grass proc. And this is where when he gets his three, this is where the matchup gets a bit tricky. So pretty much just to simplify, you want to be bonking him on the head with W whenever you can and then use Egg to disengage like that. So walk towards him with your movement, put your E up and then you Q to dodge his W. You should never tank that W. You just take way too much damage. He can W auto Q auto you and you just get annihilated. So it's better just to Q away from it unless you're he's low enough for the kill or anything like that. So here we can see playing it a bit patiently. Get my minion. I'm going to go for a W prog probably pretty shortly, but because he's going to get level four here, it's not going to be anytime soon. So, dodge the Q. You can see I don't want to take a big trade here in this wave, especially on weak side and even double, especially with a mastery. I'm not going to get any ganks anytime soon. So, let the wave come in. Just playing it quite patiently cuz I didn't know if Leon was top or bottom until right now. But at this point, he's level four with a big wave. So, I didn't want to make it too volatile. So just here we're going to go for a trade cuz I don't want to give the cannon minion of course. So the walk up with E auto W and try to queue away. He learned and I made a mistake there. He wedded a lot faster. So it didn't end up going too well but it's not the end of the world. So the wave comes in we farm it. We hard shove this next wave and then base and TP. So another matchup pretty much any match up where you take grasp if you can get Sheen on your first recall very very good but especially up against melee matchups like this one where you can't really take extended trades very easily. So, we don't want to look at this TP. He could have pushed me into tower. I think he mist timed it. So, lucky us there. Normally, you TP in a safe location. Like my ward would have been fine. So, here you can see waiting for my grasp. And this is the main point I wanted to showcase with this lane. The way I'm utilizing W and Sheen. So, waiting for his shield to drop off. Hit him with a slick back there as well. Click backwards and then Q onto him. And now I'm going to be looking to hit fish for W's here. So, boom. Little W of grasp and Sheen. Click away. And then every time my W is up, if you touch this minion, you can see going for it and then Q away to dodge his Q3. So you can see the intention there. So E, click onto him, order a W, click away. You can see the mindset, these nice little short trades ending in CC or just a W proc and walk away. Trying to chip away at him, get them lower and lower before I go for my allin. So here as well, going to go for another one now that my E is going to be back up shortly. So really soon here, dodge out his Q and then go in for the kill. So go for a W prog. Click backwards. You can see now he's low enough that I'm fishing for my all in before he gets level six here. So you can see here I walk towards him. W one more time. Click backwards. Use my E really shortly. Where is it here? Absorbs a minion. R flash E auto W for the burst combo. So if we go back to this, how did he go from half HP to zero in about 2 seconds? It's all the sheen uses. So walk towards and bait him to use his Q and then go for a sheen proc when it's on cool down. So able to get that there and then here as well. I'm pretty sure Yeah, I went for one more. If you touch this minion, you can see I'm leading with movement, walking around the back of him. If you want to respect the minion, run back here and bleed CS. Fine by me. If you want to farm, I'm going to get a little W proc like that. And then here, because I don't want to get Wed or E, a fast combo our flash E, auto W to really fast combo them. If I queued onto him, he would have definitely Wedded in time. So that's why I always recommend using flashy over Q in these situations where you want to be bursting them. And now for the moment you've all been waiting for, we're going to be moving on to the matchups. Now, not only am I going to be going through my matchup tier list, I'm going to be going through every single matchup one by one, breaking down the runes, the summoner spells, and your general game plan in that matchup, how to play it out, and I'll be timestamping every champion down below so that when you load into champ select loading screen, see what you're playing up against. You can skip to that section and get a rough layout of what you should be running and your game plan in that matchup. But I'll quickly go over the tier list. So, we can see this is more of a higher low tier list. as if you're playing in silver or gold. You probably don't have to worry about Aurora and Jases that much. But I would say to be honest on Jacks, the difference between a high elo and a low elo tier list in terms of matchup spread is not really going to be significantly different. There'll be small differences like Malight might be quite hard in silver or bronze compared to in higher ranks and then Jace might be a bit easier, but I'd say on average most of these champions would be in a similar position which is why I only made the high low list. So the hard matchups are all champions that can poke you down and you don't really have any trading options to get onto them. If they play well, if they pilot their champion at the highest level, you don't really have any options in that matchup. But of course, everyone makes mistakes and junglers exist. So there are some things you can keep in mind. And then for the opponent favored, these are normally champions that have good disengage. So champs like Gragas or champs like Poppy, but they can't really guarantee advantages against you the way a Kenan or a Vladimir could if they played extremely well. So in the opponent favored tier, you don't have to worry. These are matchups that you can go even or just slightly behind. If you play well, they just have the advantage against you. If you make mistakes, they can punish heavily. If they make you take a bad back or maybe get solo killed by something like Riven and get behind, it will be quite tricky, but you have a lot of agency in these ones. And we'll go through them shortly. Now, for skill matchup, these are the ones you should be winning consistently. And a lot of these matchups are a bit easier in lower ranks, I would say. So, versus a bad Gwyn player, a bad Darius, a bad Morichiser, if you run the setups I'm going to be teaching you, you're going to have a big advantage. So, keep that in mind. The more common champs in lower ranks, Jacks can actually do quite well into them if you know what to look out for. But these champions, if they play well, they can go even a lot of them. Champs like Warwick, it's pretty even for easy for both you to go even. Same with Malight. Can kind of neutralize you. You might be able to get it played in a slight lead, but I wouldn't really worry about these matchups too much. Now, for the Jack's favored ones, these are ones where you can be playing for kills in lane. pretty much all of them you're either playing for kills or the matchups like Uda or like Cho'Gath you can maybe play for tower plates but these are the ones where you should be getting leads consistently and if you're not you're going to have to put a bit of extra time into learning the matchup and then for free these are the ones where even if you're behind you can just sort of beat them up that's not to say you can play completely terribly and ignore them but if you play around your E cooldown against any champion in free and the majority of champions in Jack's favored you're going to have a really good time up against most of them now before I go through every single match up one by one. One thing I want to clear up. If I only recommend one rune page or summon a spell setup for a certain champion, I strongly strongly recommend you take that one. If I recommend both, the one on the left is going to be the one that I recommend slightly more, but both options are perfectly fine. It depends on the game or how comfortable you are in the matchup, but I'll explain the variables as I go. So, starting with Atrox. So, this is a matchup where you can run lethal tempo and grasp. Both of them are perfectly fine. I would say at the top top level of Atrox, you should take Grasp. I learned that the hard way recently versus the best Korean Atrox player on server. But I would say for the average player playing below master tier, Lethal Tempo is actually better in this matchup as you can play for early solo kills consistently and he can't just ignore your damage later on. Level seven, level 9, you actually have meaningful kill threat. Now for summoner spells, I would say ignite is slightly preferred in lower ranks, TP preferred in higher ranks, but it just depends on your personal preference and how comfortable you are in that matchup. Both options are quite good. Now, my advice for playing up against this matchup, your early game needs to be on point. Your one to four is Jack's favored. Five to nine is terrible. Level 9 at Triforce, you can beat him. So, that means your 1 to4 has to go very, very well or you're going to have a miserable first 12 minutes of the game. So, what I recommend, level one, you get prior no matter what. You try to close the gap. Don't dodge his cues outwards. Dodge inwards. Try to close that gap. Try to get an extended trade level one if you can and dodge the center part of Q3. Now, with your prior, you take a level two versus one trade, getting your Q level two, and then you crash either wave two cleanly or wave three cleanly. Depends on how the first trade goes. If he sat back on his tower, sitting on his hand, you can crash wave three. If you got a big trade and you beat up the wave a bunch, you can crash wave two. Just make sure it's crashed cleanly. Do not let that wave get stuck outside of his tower. Or it's going to take a miracle to get it unstuck. So, crash your wave cleanly. Bounce it back to the center. And then I'd say after you crash wave four or five, you probably need to recall, get your long sword refillable, and then you kill him as he tries to push towards you. That's going to be your last solo kill threat. Level five, level seven gets very, very difficult. Now, you should also be trying to queue him when he cues you. And when his E is on cooldown, that is go time. If he ever Q1 E towards you, he can't do that. You queue onto his head straight away. You're going to destroy him. But if he has Q2 and E loaded, he can disengage you very easily. So, you do have to respect that. So just keep in mind if you're even or slightly behind round level 5 to 9, you're mainly playing for good farm, nice short trades, trying to get your Triforce unscathed. But one to four, you need to be driving the matchup and trying to get an early game lead. Next up, we have a Cari. And for this matchup, I definitely recommend going TP, Dorian Shield, Second Wind, and Grasp. This matchup is not going to be easy. However, the early game is not too bad. The level 1 to four, level 1 to 5, perfectly fine. There's two approaches to it. You can go Q start and then Q order her every time your grasp is up. make it a bit more volatile. Make sure no matter what you're doing, you're getting priority though. That's very, very important. Or you can do E start if she makes a spacing mistake or you get behind her level one. So versus a goodie, you'll need to go Q start. Bad one, you can E. Really depends what they do straight away. So just hold on to that skill point and see what they do. Now, because you're getting prime, try to use your level two vers one. The trade pattern normally goes, you queue onto her with E and she'll shuriken away. Your stun will drop off and then she'll jump back in and you get wrecked. So to avoid that, level two verse one, she won't have your shuriken. That's when you a good time to go. And later on when she does have shuriken, you need to either lead with movement. So get near her with your E, start fighting her, and then Q follow when she E, or you just need to queue onto her head, not use E, just Q auto W and click away. Try to bait her to use E. Try to bait her to use shroud and then you can fight her when it's down. When shroud is on cool down. So if she uses shroud during the fight, just queue away, just run away. Do not fight her when her shroud is down. You're going to take damage unnecessarily. Be really careful with that. For this matchup, you can also go hexrinker as your first item. This is perfectly optional, but I even recommend it. So, cheeky null magic mantle by itself is perfectly fine because with no MR, it's quite brutal. So, let's say they have a Kali and an AP jungler. Hexrink would be great. If it's solo AP akali top, then just chill on a null magic mantle. Get to your triforce. Of course, if you can get Sheen first recall, that's great. But normally, Akali's going to poke you down so much you have to base before that. Just make sure you're the one getting the first recall, not her. So maybe crashing wave five, wave six, really depends what's going on, how low you get. But if you can keep the lane going for a long time before she recalls, get Sheen on your first recall. That is okay. Typically, that's not going to happen though. So just look to get an early non- magic mantle and play mainly to farm and punish her when her abilities are on cooldown. Now for Archan, just take Grasp and D shield and TP. You're going to still play aggressive, but having that extra sustain means you can make the lane more volatile and not worry too much about his poke. So you want to be using bush control really well. Take over the second lane bush level one out of the bush. Hit a minion. Get your grasp stacked up and then queue onto his head level one. Q auto back to the bush. Q auto back to the bush. Every time your grasp is up, get him lower and lower. Just make sure no matter what your respect is level two, he's going to get prow up against you. Respect his level two. Him just spinning onto you. But when you're level two as well or maybe 3v3, you can just jump onto him. And even though you don't have lethal tempo, you win the extended trade. Just make sure you're not doing this situation where you EQ and he e way to dodge your in. Make sure you're queuing onto his head and holding E for a bit or maybe pre-loading E so that you can stun him straight away and knock him off the wall and then you just bash his head in. For our next match up, we have Ambissa. And for this one, you're going to be wanting to run the standard grass page with second wind and definitely starting Doran Shield no matter what. Now, Ambessa, I would say this match up, the most important thing is to get early game Prime. Make sure you're crashing your wave cleanly. If she blocks away from crashing and has the wave half under her tower, half out, you're going to have a really bad time. So try to cleanly crash. I'd say wave three most of the time. Some games wave two depending on what she does and then have the wave bounce back towards you. Now the thing about this matchup is Jax does win the extended trades. So if Ambissa uses abilities onto you to poke you down and then walks up to farm, that's going to be your moment to go. If you queue onto her and she has everything up, the trade's not going to go well. But if she cues you a couple times, you know, EQ dashes away or something and then walks up to farm and you can find an opportunity to get a long trade, that is going to be the best case for you. Now, no matter what the thing about this matchup is, the lane is hard. It's not Jax's favor, but if you get to Triforce and you're even, you can just run her down. And Besser is really bad at allins and extended trades, especially later on at one item. So, side lane as well, is going to be really good for you. Just the early lane is hard, but if you can do really good wave control, crash waves cleanly and punish her when her abilities are on cool down. And just make sure you don't get behind during that level 5 to 9 time, which can be quite tricky, you're going to be in a really good position. Moving on to Aurora. And in this matchup, you're going to definitely want to run dshield second wind no matter what. So grasp rampage with TP. And the way you want to play this one is you can just stack your grasp level one on the wave. Use bush control really well. So out of the bush at the minion once back in out for the second time, and then every time your grasp is up, Q auto. The reason that's fine, even though she's going to auto Q auto you, and you're going to slightly lose the trade, you want to play the resource battle into her. Dshield second wind is going to get a lot of work done here. So, make sure you're taking trades as much as you can early game before she gets level two. She's going to get proud on this one. Just Q auto back into the bush. Q auto back in the bush and make her bleed a lot of resources. She has to use mana and HP to trade back with you. And you're going to be regening with the shield and second wind and she's not. Now, if she has bone plating, make sure you heavily play around that cool down. So, keep your left click tracker on the top left corner. When her bone plating is up, you might just want to Q and run away or Q auto W something like that and not commit your E until bone plating is on cool down. Now, later on in this matchup, if you jump onto her with E, she's going to kick you in the head and disengage it and then run you down the lane when your E is on cool down. So, you want to be Q auto Wing her and clicking backwards, holding on to your E so that she can't and if she ees away, then you can engage onto her the next time your Q is up and your E is still going to be available. You can play it like that or you can just E when she chases you down and block all that auto attacks because it's not worth using E if she's going to cancel the stun anyway with her E and then chase you down. you can use it more defensively and just trade onto a Q auto W. Now, it's all about the resource battle. So, try to burn her manner as much as you can. Make sure you're baiting abilities, too. So, pretend to go for the minion, click like click backwards the last second, juke to the side, try to dodge your Q. And when you're farming under tower, she might try to Q E you. So, same thing as well. Click to the minion, jump to the side, or be ready to dodge with your Q if you can. That'd be a good play as well if you can dodge your combo with your Q. Really, really good. Play the resource battle. Drain drain her mana, drain her HP as much as you can. And then when she has low resources, then you can play a bit more aggressive. Moving on to Camille. And for this matchup, you can run grasp or lethal tempo. I'd recommend grasp if you're in higher brackets, master plus, maybe even diamond plus, and lethal tempo if you're in emerald or below. And your goal in this matchup, the early game is actually not as good for Jax as you'd imagine. It gets a lot better for you at level six because you have an ultimate and she doesn't really in terms of 1 v one power. So you need to be getting prior level one. Make sure she doesn't bait your E out. If she pretends to go for you and clicks to the side and you lose your E, that's going to be a big problem. So, get Prime, play early game, mainly for good farm. Try to get a good level two versus one trade, of course, if you can, and cleanly crash your wave. No, don't let the wave in the Camille zone as much as possible. So, the zone near her tower where she can double tap E onto you and you don't really have much time to react with E. That's going to be quite brutal. So, try to cleanly crash wave three in this matchup. I recommend wave four, bounce back to the middle, and then you can fight her. Now, the trick to this one with your E, if you Q auto W her and you E straight away before she hits you, before she gets her passive down, she's going to try to E away. But if you time it, so just as she hits her hook on the wall, you cast E2, that's going to rip her off the wall completely. If you stun her before her hook hits the wall, she's going to get pulled to safety. So, you need to be really on point with your timing there. And make sure you don't give her the opportunity to disengage. Now, if you're just taking a normal trade, not canceling your E, move with your E, just make sure you jump onto head early auto W stun and end your trade in CC. That's really important because if you stun her and your E is on cooldown and then she kicks your head in with Q and her grasp and her passive, that trade's not going to be that good for you. Another thing as well, she's probably going to take bone plating. Play around that. Really important. If you ever can ever brock her bone plating with just an auto attack or a W when she walks up to farm, that's going to be really, really optimal. So, try to do that as much as you can. And then at level six, if you have sheen with grasp or double long sword level tempo, try to bounce the way back to your side, run her down because it takes her a long time to get to her wall. And then when she finally does, if you can pull her off the wall, it's just going to be a free kill, especially if she's an ignite TP kill, which is very common. So you're going to be fine in that lane. This match's really hard if you get behind and pretty easy if you're even or ahead. So make sure you don't actually make this one too volatile early game, one to five. Try to play it a lot more controlled. Focus mainly on good farm and the wave control and try not to make any big mistakes in the early game because getting behind it's really hard to come back in terms of the laning phase. Moving on to Casio. Now for this match up you have two options. You can go grasp with Q start and try to beat her up level one Q auto whenever you can because level one Casio is pretty weak because she can't machine gun you after hitting a Q. She only has one ability. Level two Casio is going to one-shot you. So make sure if you do take grasp, you're trying to get prior, you're trying to hit her early game and make it volatile early. Or you can go level tempo, play a little bit more reserved early game, but have a lot better allin. Because verse a Casio with Conqueror, if you jump onto her head, she is going to just completely obliterate you because with short trading run with Grasp, you don't have the damage necessary to chew through him. But with lethal tempo, if you feel confident in your movement, dodging your Q's, you can beat her down. I would say Grasp is slightly better though. So take this if you're ever unsure. But if you do take tempo, you need second wind has this match without second wind. It's pretty sad. And go D shield no matter what. Now, the thing about Cassie Pier, it's all about the movement. It's all about baiting spells. Click towards a minion, click to the side, pretend to walk towards her, click backwards, and when her queue is on cooldown. You want to be queuing onto her head straight away if you can, cuz you're not going to be able to machine gun you after that. You can also play the war of attrition, try to burn out her mana if her mana pool gets low, that's going to be really good for you, but to be honest, that champion doesn't really go that much unless she's burning her spells and making mistakes. But 99% of Casio players will do that. So if you can make your own and then turn on the put on the gas, play aggressive, that's going to be good for you. I wouldn't say you want to build a mar in this matchup unless you have AP jungler as well. You don't want to delay your triforce because if you have enough damage to burst her before she just one-shots you with conqueror, then that's going to be good for you. And try to be very involved with communication around your jungler. Don't just cry for ganks the whole game, but if let's say you're on red side, your jungler's doing raptors, doing golems, casing aggressive, poking onto, ping for a gank. Point click, jump on the head with a stun. They're going to die to any gank. So try less about trying to dominate a one v one or do anything crazy. If the casio seems competent, try to get your jungler involved. It'll be a lot easier for you. Moving on to Cho'Gath. And for CHOGs, I'd say Grasp and Lethal Tempo. It's pretty much equally as good. So let the rest of the enemy team comp dictate which one I'd want you to use. So if they have a an melee team comp like a Javin or a VI jungle where Lethal Tempo is going to go crazy in, then run that. If they've got some range champion jungle or like an assassin like Ka'Zix, range mid laner, just go grasp. Both options are fine. Now, you want to go D shield in this match up as he has way too much poke. It's quite hard to get effective use from Dblade against him. Way too many poking tools. Make sure you get prior no matter what. Very important. And you need to be moving in an unpredictable way to dodge his Q. So when you queue onto his head with stun, most Jax players will walk behind you. Of course, he's going to be anticipating that. Use his Q. So you can jump onto him and actually click backwards towards your minion wave. It dodges Q. Stun him and then bash him down a little bit. That'll be quite good. Just make sure if you're hail blade, you're not tanking the three E when your E is on cooldown. heavily play around their cool down of your own E. But this matchup, you should be perfectly fine if she cues if he cues the wave. If you queue onto his head, if you jump onto him when he walks up, just try to move in a way that's unpredictable to dodge his Q and you're going to be perfectly fine in this one. If you take the the grass page, you can play for tower plates as well. Stack two big waves together, your cannon wave of a regular one, and go for a demolish proc, and then just try to dodge a skill shot or queue away at the last second, and you're going to have a pretty good time in this matchup. And just make sure if you get behind, you are going to get out scaled a bit in side lane. So you can go blade of the rune king second in this lane. If you get behind and you feel like you want to be able to beat him up 1 v one, especially if he's building full tank and HP stacking. Next up, we have Darius. And this matchup's a complete banger. I recommend taking Dorren's Blade, Lethal Tempo, Bone Plating, and Ignite. So the best defense is a good offense. You need to be willing to fight him back and go for a big level one all in. Don't use your E straight away. You can tank an auto, you can tank two autos, it's fine, but you cannot do a bad E. So fight him level one, walk behind him, make him run through you to get back to town and hold your ground. Use your bone plating well. Don't let him chip it for free if you can avoid it. And make sure you're getting prior. If he respects you or you get the big trade, you get prior, you get level two vers one, level three vers two, you're going to be in a really good position. Now later on in the matchup when he has access to his hook, the way the trade pattern will go if you play it wrong. If you jump onto his head with E, he's going to E you. He's going to do a little bit of a moonwalk, Michael Jackson, you dodge the E, and then come back in and run you down. So to avoid that, you lead with movement. You walk towards him, auto W. If he ease you, you can queue away. Or you can just queue onto his head, auto W, and hold on to your E. This can only work if you have lethal tempo or if he's low HP, bite him and hold on to your E until later on until hopefully after he uses his hook, and you'll be in a really good position. Moving on to the doctor. And for Mundo, I recommend Doran's Blade, Lethal Tempo, and Second Wind with Demolish. It's realistic that you can proc Demolish in this matchup. And second wind is great. He has a lot of short trades. Now, I recommend taking ignite as well. This is optional. It depends how confident you are in the matchup. But ignite definitely feels good because you do not want to build healing cut early game. If you choose to go TP, finish your Triforce first, then go your healing cut. Do not delay Triforce 800 gold. But it's perfectly fine either way. I just recommend ignite because you want to be getting ahead against this champion early game because if he gets to Warm Mog, he's completely even. He's just going to headbutt your tower and ignore you and that's not fun for anyone. So, lethal tempo ignite, play really volatile early game. If he's a good Mundo and he sits two screens away and farms with Q and tries to poke you down, crash wave three. Really important that you crash wave three because wave four bounce back to the middle and he'll just slowly bleed out CS. Now the trade pattern is you Q or W stun him, run away after your stun if uh if he's not fighting you back. And then you're going to pop his passive. Then when his passive is on cooldown, then you take a trade as well. So keep him left click track his passive cool down. Make sure you you know when it's up or down. But if he tries to fight you back after you jump onto him, this is where lethal tempo is important. This is why grass makes a match up kind of hard because he can ignore your damage and just bash or hit him. But if you have tempo, he has to cut the trade a bit early and run away or you're just going to become lethal. So ignite feels really good as well for bursting him when he's low. But if he's just playing super respectful, chilling, chucking cues, blow up his towel. That's what the demolish foot is for. You're going to be fine. And in this matchup, I'd recommend probably eight games out of 10 going blade of the rune king second as being able to kill Mundo in side lane is very important. If you can do that, his champion has zero value. If he can staunch you, his champion has a lot of value. So, make sure you're building so that you can beat him. Moving on to Fiora. Now, for this matchup, you can run both pages. I slightly prefer Lethal Tempo at the moment where last patch I preferred Grasp. You can kind of see how close it is. Either page is fine. Just make sure you're playing to your identity. So, with Grasp, Dshield is going to be better. And with lethal tempo, you want Dblade. But no matter what run page you take, you must get pryo in this lane. It's so important that you get push early game. If you don't get pushed, it's unplayable. Completely unplayable. You need to get pri and get level two before her so that you can jump onto her head. If she has level two with parry and you've just got E, you are going to get annihilated. So you need to go level two versus one trade onto her. Now the trick to this matchup is actually having insane amounts of E discipline. She's going to queue you. She's going to be annoying. She's going to poke you down. You need to just stick out your chest and tank the poke because if she max range cues you and you E and she walks away even if you hit the stun you're barely going to scratch her get her bone plating then she's going to Q auto you whenever she can and that 17 seconds that your E is on cooldown is going to feel like 200 years so you need to be very careful with your E usage only use it if you know her Q's on cooldown or you get behind her you know you can get an extended trade then you can use your E if not some games I'd say the majority of games is great for your players I'm not even using my E until level two because they're spacing or queuing me in a way where if I use it, I'm not going to do that much damage to her and then it's unplayable. Made that mistake too many times before. But for the average player, if you a bad Fiora that just cues onto your head like they're playing jacks and they're trying to jump on you, you can just use E and bash her hidden. Of course, that'll be perfectly fine. Just keep in mind from the very beginning of the matchup, don't go into it with that mindset. Now, with this matchup, the trick to it later on is to walk towards her with Ian, try to bait her to use her parry and pre-dge it. Pre-d it. So even if she parries your stun, if she gets the timing perfectly, you're going to dodge it. Or if you know it's going to hit you, Q away. So you have to be quite quick. Of course, you versus Fior, it's not going to be easy, but make sure you're really playing around dodging your parry. Even if it's not the stun, if it's the slow, dodging it with Q is going to be ideal cuz if you queue onto E, she's going to parry you right on the head and then Q away and then you're going to be a sitting duck. So make sure you're leading with movement in this matchup unless you already have an advantage. If you're full HP and she's 40%, sure, queue onto her head or if you have a level up timer or something. But if it's even or you're slightly losing, do not queue onto it. Lead with movement. Bash it down and then Q follow or Q away if you need to. Also, make sure your E timing is unpredictable. Sometimes hold it for the full duration. Sometimes cut it really early. Don't do the same pattern twice in a row. Just keep mixing up your pattern. Make it really annoying for her to ever match your timing cuz she cannot react to your E2. She has to predict it unless you hold it the whole duration. So, make sure you're being very unpredictable in that aspect. Next up, we have Gallo. And make sure in this match up you run grasp and dsh shield and second wind. And you're always trying to buffer your W through his CC. So always be looking for that. And if you walk towards him with E and he responds by E towards you. Q to dodge it. Q off to the side to a minion dodges E and then you can look to bash him down on his way back to the tower. So make sure you're not just queuing onto his head. Getting E QE and he walks backwards. Really try to avoid that trade pattern. Leading with movement is crucial. And you can go Merk treads early on in this matchup. I wouldn't do it if it's solo AP gallery or something like that, but if they have a bunch of other CC in their comp, especially from jungle, merk treads early can be quite good for this one. Next up, we have Gangplank. And this champion's pretty much a range top. So, you want to be running DS shield with grasp and second wind and making sure you get priority no matter what. Never let him single barrel you. Make him take two barrels every time he wants to he with it because then your D shield and second wind will just get to work and I'll sustain that. You'll be perfectly fine. So, it's pretty hard to get a good E trade onto him level one if he's playing for the trade. Of course, if he walks up and hits a minion, go crazy. Walk behind him, get the big E trade. That's going to be great. But if he's playing well, then you need to get level two before him, jump onto his head, and beat him up. I also recommend trying to three-wave crash in this matchup so that wave four bounces back near the middle and he can't just freeze and have a barrel camp under his tower. And then when wave four is in the middle, you can take one more big trade against him and then crash either. Ideally, wave five would be great and then recall, come back to lane, have your item advantage, and then try to kill him on the timer cuz he's going to want to greed for Sheen. you know, he's not going to go anywhere before Sheen. So, if you have full HP and he's around half from your earlier trades and you got that long sword advantage, refillable, then you can look to beat him up. Now, this matchup gets a bit tricky after he gets Sheen 5 to N. But when you have Triforce, you win the extended trade. You win the extended trade pretty much the whole time. If you can get it, but with Triforce is a lot more clear. So, don't worry too much about this matchup if you don't get behind. At Triforce, you can just run him down in silent. Really hard for him to really play around it when your cool downs get a bit lower and your damage gets a bit higher. Moving on to Garen. And I actually didn't like playing this matchup when I took grasp. But running lethal tempo into it, it definitely feels doable. So go Lethal Tempo with Bone Plating and Doran's Blade. You can even run ignite in this one. Matches ignite perfectly fine. And try to go for extended trades. He wants short trades. You want long trades. The trade pattern's going to be. You take a big trade level one. You try to get pry. Try to get a level two versus one trade before he can skill his W cuz when he has W, your E loses a lot of value. And then just make sure you're never tanking his Q. Your E will block his Q. So if you walk towards him with movement E, auto W, and then you stun him and queue away after, he can never hit his Q onto you. Of course, if he's a bad Garen and he starts with Q and you block him with E, you can have a great time. But you can also just stun him and click away when his E is spinning and then you can re-engage onto him after if you wanted to. It really depends on the situation. But leading with movement is important because if you queue onto him and stun him and he times his W correctly, which is very easy for him to do, by the way, then he can queue you directly after. So leading with movement is going to be ideal unless you have a big advantage. If he's 40%, you feel like you can burst him and kill him before he bursts you. That's perfectly fine. But if it's pretty even, lead with movement, auto W, stun him, and then Q away and not let him get that free damage with the Q onto you. And then when his W is on cooldown, his W cool down is longer than your E. You are hunting like a hunting dog there. You really want to be getting that trade onto him when his W's on cool down because it's really hard for him to do anything in that situation. Moving on to Na. And this matchup is a very even skill matchup. What I recommend that you do is run grasp with second wind and dshield. Start Q level one and every time you get grasp stacked up. So hit the wave straight away. Get your grasp back stacked up. Q auto back into the bush. Q auto back into the bush. Do that pattern. Get him as low as possible and make it volatile. His condition for winning the matchup is getting ninja tabby on his first recall. If he can do that, you're going to have a really tough time. But if he can't, you're going to be in a great position. So keep doing that. Q auto back into the bush. Respect his mega timing like crazy. Do not take a trade when he's mega. you're going to get obliterated. But when he's mini, especially when he's freshly mini, you jump onto his head, bash him down with stun. Now, keep in mind that your stun if he jumps away, it's not going to cancel the hop, but the stun and the damage will still go through. So, you might want to pop your E early when you're fighting him and anticipate that stun. But then his E cool down is very long. So, if you can bait him to use his E with just Q auto W or even just Q with a stun and then fight him during that timer when his E is on cool down, it's solar kill time. So, that's the timer you want to be looking to go. or you jump onto him with your stun, fight him down and burn his E and then you can flash onto him later on. Flash follow when he E anything like that. You have a few options in this one. Just make it as volatile as possible early game and don't let him get 1,200 gold on his first base. Next up, we have Gragas. And if you're going to play Jax longterm, you need to learn how to play this matchup. It's a very common counter pick. So D shield grasp second wind and W start in this lane. You want to be buffering your W every time he E. If you E and walk towards him, he's going to body slam you and walk away. So you just want to buff a W through his E every time. Keep chipping away at him. Of course, every time you have grasp up, you should be hunting for it. Don't really go for a W without grasp is not very efficient. So play around that grasp cool down. Make sure you get priority no matter what and maintain control. Your goal here is to bleed out his resources. If he burns mana to disengage you or to heal himself up, eventually he's going to go and try to keep him stuck in lane for a long time. If you can get Sheen first recall, really, really nice cuz you're buffering W of Sheen proc and grass proc. The damage really adds up. Or if you can get Merrid's first recall, even better, but they are so expensive now, that's unrealistic. So Sheen is going to be the goal. Base TP back with Sheen. And then you can look to beat him up a lot more. Just make sure the trading pattern. You never queue onto his head. You just can't. If he sits two screens away and he pokes you and farms with Q, then you just use your Q to dodge his Q and it's even. It's fine. He's counterpicking you and you're getting free farm. that's perfectly fine. But if he walks up and hits some minions or walks up to play aggressive, you lead with movement, put your E up, buff your W through his E, and then try to Q follow him. But if he times his E, well, you can't do that. So you need to get Merk treads before you can wait out the ECC. So with MK treads, you can walk towards him, get E, and then Q follow him. Without it, you just E so you don't tank his W and buff a W through his E. And that's perfectly fine as well. and then always be looking to dodge his Q poke with your Q onto a different minion and just don't take any damage unnecessarily and try to bleed out his mana pool. Next up, we have Gwen. And for this matchup, I strongly strongly recommend that you run Lethal Tempo. It's really important unless you're playing in a pro game, something like that. You could get away with Grasp, but Lethal Tempo and Solo up against Gwen, I would say, is mandatory. Now, if you run TP and flash, go Cosmian Cookies. If you run ignite, go bone plating and demolish. Now, when to do each one, I normally let the jungler influence that. So, if my jungler is playing a useful champion like Pantheon or Leon or Zenzou or Rexai, something like that, I'll go ignite. If they're playing some useless jungler like Graves or Kane, and I'm not going to see them on my screen until 25 minutes, then I'll run teleport. It really depends on that situation, how volatile I want it to be. Now, for this matchup, you want to take a big level one trade without using your E. If she starts E., if she auto attacks you once and she gets one stack of her Q, you know, she started Q, you can slap your E up, that's fine, and beat her up. If you auto attack her once each and she doesn't get that stack, you know she started E. So you need to hold on to your E. You cannot let her get the situation where you cast your counter-strike, she dodges it with your E and then you're a sitting duck. So try to fight her away from your custom and just chase her down to her tower. Just bash her down with lethal tempo. Just make it volatile early game. She wants short trades, you want long trades. You need to play off that mindset. Now, you also want to get Prime. But the most important thing, I've said it a lot throughout this guide, but this matchup, it's even more important. Crash a wave cleanly. Wave two or wave three, it doesn't matter. But get that wave in as cleanly as you can. Do not let her poke you from under the tower because even taking one or two extra Q's where you shouldn't have to because the wave is near her tower can be the difference maker in this lane. So really important that you don't let that happen. Now you always want to be leading with movement when she has level six. If you count on to her head, she's going to Q are you and just kill you with ignite. So lead with movement, bash her up, get her low queue away after the stun, ending the train CC, and then when she's low enough, then you can burst her down before she can ramp up her ulti and her conquer stacks. That's when you go for the kill. But if you jump into her full HP versus full HP, even with lethal tempo, if you're not ahead, you're going to lose. So keep that in mind. And for this match up in the mid game, I recommend going Kruken as your second item, unless you're already super fed, so that you can continuously beat her in side lane. Moving on to Illaoi, everyone's favorite champion to play against. And for this one, I recommend making it as volatile as possible. So, Doran's Blade, Lethal Tempo, ignite, and make it really aggressive from level one. So, take the third lane bush, try to walk behind her, and get an extended trade. Big trade, level one, make her low. If she sits back on her towel, just sits by your tentacles and does nothing. Go for a three-wave crash. Always look for your level two versus one trade, of course, level three versus two, but three-wave crash. Wave four comes back to the middle away from her tentacle setup. And yet again, keep putting pressure onto her. Keep trying to make it volatile because you want to get an advantage one to five. Now, I recommend trying to bait her spells when you run at her as Jax with your chest stick out with ignite D's blade. She's going to expect you to queue onto her head. So, fake it out. Run towards her. Click to the side and bait her to use her E. When her E is on cool down, she's a free kill. So, make sure you play around that cool down very, very heavily. You can even use your Q to dodge as well. So, you don't even have to dodge with movement. Run towards her. She'll E, you queue away. And then when your next Q is up and E is still down, jump directly onto her head. and you want to be willing to take the extended trade. You need to fight her down. Of course, full HP versus full HP when she has ulti. You're going to lose. So, try to get make it volatile and get a kill before that point. Next up, we have Ireelia. And for this matchup, I recommend Lethal Tempo, Bone Blading, and Doran's Blade. And you want to be looking to find your level one. You can take Ignite as well. It's optional. Depends if you trust your jungler. Again, if he has like a Pantheon, you can take Ignite. If your jungler is like a Kane or a Graves, just take TP. And level one, you need to fight her before she touches the wave. So try to find her, run at her, try to fight her ideally away from the minions and just bash her down because when she has four stacks, the trade is not going to go that well for you. But before she's stacked up, you're going to win. So try to fight her, try to fight her, find her and fight him and start stacking the full tempo before she even gets your first Q down and just be willing to bash her down and try to get level two advantage as well. So don't worry about two wave or three-wave crushing this one. You just need to get prior no matter what. So hit the wave a lot if you can't get the trade onto her. Just make sure you get level two before her and then jump directly onto her head. Really put that pressure onto her. Then cleanly crash wave two. I would say if you're going to be playing for level two rush, you probably need to crash wave two. And then you just continuously look for long trades. Lead with movement. Look to dodge her E with your Q. So walk towards her, get your E going, start hitting her, and then if she chucks out her E and you feel like you can't dodge it by walking, you can just stun her and then Q away. Perfectly fine. Just make sure in this matchup if your E is on cooldown, you're a different champion. Jacks without E, you're pretty much just Kale, just defenseless. So, do not play aggressive when your E is down. Run away from her. Play chill. Wait for your E to come up. Give a couple minions and then when your E is up, then you can play the game again. Next up, we have Jace. And this guy's actually my band at the moment. The champs are so strong and pretty popular in higher ranks. But if you don't vest him that often, the way to play against him, Doran shield, second wind, and grasp. Q start level one. So, hit the wave straight away. Get your grasp backed up. Q auto him back into the bush. Q auto him back into the bush. Make sure you're using bush control. really well to not tank any unnecessary free auto attacks against him. And then the trading pattern when you have your E. If you just queue onto his head with E, he's going to knock you away. So, what you want to do is try to lead with movement from a bush, lead with E, and then Q stun him if you can, or you just queue onto his head. Q auto W is great. You can buff a W through his hammer E as well. And then when his E is on cooldown, it's very, very long, by the way. Then you can Q stun him on your next set of cool downs. That's the optimal way to play this matchup. Trying to play around that. Next up, we have Kale. And for this one, I recommend Lethal Tempo and Dorren's Blade. You can run Dor Shield if you're uncomfortable, though, but I recommend Blade and try to get a level one trade away from the minion wave. So, chase her down to her tower, make it so she can't get the three minions of XP. Your goal is try to zone that to try zone that XP in. If she walks up past you to get the XP, you're going to take a really big volatile trade with your lethal tempo. Get a low HP in. And then, of course, if when you're level two, jump onto her head whenever you can. You want to try get an early kill one to five. And if you get great trades or burn her flash, something like that, try to call up your jungler for a tower dive. Don't be afraid to ping for a dive. If it's good, it's Kale. You don't want to let her scale for free. And if she can't get tier two boots on her first recall, the matchup just keeps getting easier and easier. So just make sure you're making that as volatile as possible. But as usual, crash your wave cleanly. I'd recommend a three-wave crash in this matchup. So if you do that, wave four bounces back to the middle and she's in the same position as level one. If you walk up to get XP, I'm going to queue onto your head. So just make it as uncomfortable for her as possible. Now if somehow let's just say jungle gap, we'll blame it on that. She gets level six and swifty boots without being behind, the matchup actually gets a little bit trickier. So the trick to it in that situation is you just want to jump onto her head with stun and end your trade in CC. If you don't end your trade in CC, then she's going to run you down the lane and auto attack you a bunch of times. So if you onto her head auto W and she buffers her Q through it, she's going to be up to space you. So you need to make sure her Q's on cooldown or you stun her and click into the bush straight away. Especially if she doesn't have a ward, that's going to be fine. But just be careful if she has swifty boots or something like that and you stun her and she buffes Q through it. She's going to run you down the lane and auto attack you a bunch. But the main point in this matchup, get your lead one to five. So that doesn't happen. But even if it does, just play around her Q cool down. Her Q is her main disengage in this matchup. Without it, she cannot space you even when she's level six. Moving on to Kenned. And this is definitely a matchup I put a lot of time into studying. And what I recommend Q start with grasp and second wind and thor shield. So Q auto back into the bush. Q auto back into the bush. That's the way to play it. Make sure if he takes bone plating you play around that heavily, tracking the cool down, making sure you're aware of it whenever it's up. And if you can get prior, that's great. You want to be crashing wave three and then wave four comes back to the middle and you can keep trading. So if you make it volatile and abuse second win and D shield, you'll be fine. If you just farm, sit on your hands and let them poke you down, it's not going to be fine because you must dictate the first recall. If you get the first base off, I'd actually recommend, I almost never say this, just walk back to lane. Unless he's low GP and you feel like you can play for a kill, walk back to lane, hold your TP, and buy no magic mantle on your first recall or tier one boots and refill. And then on your second recall, you want to get merk treads and then TP back to lane. That's the goal because without merk treads, you're not going to be able to do anything. With merk treads, you can play it out. Now, the trade pattern with or without them, you want to be trying to dodge his Q. So you run towards him with your E pre- spinning dodge to the side and if he dodges Q, you jump directly onto his head because he cannot instantly stun you without Q. He needs to QE W because your E blocks his enhanced shuriken. So you want to be trying to bait him if he cues a minion or if you walk towards him and dodge his Q and then Q onto his head, trade will be great for you. But if you just q and he ws you and stuns you, clicks two steps backwards and then chucks a shuriken at you 500 times on your way back to your talon, not going to be a great time. So play heavily around his Q cooldown. And one extra tip for this one is when you're farming under tower, use your E to block his enhanced shuriken. Be quite wary of that. And in side lane when you have triforce and merk treads, if you're not far behind at that point, you'll destroy him. So don't feel too much pressure in this matchup to explode it early game. In fact, going down around 20 CS is how it normally goes. So just be mentally prepared for that. Next up, we have cl. And I recommend taking lethal tempo bone plating and darn blade in this one. Just don't let him break your bone plating for free. Don't tank a Q for no reason and lose that spell. But the trick to this one is baiting him to use Q. So walk towards him, look staunch, dodge at the last second. When his Q is on cool down, jump directly onto his head. Now the really good cleared one tricks have figured out this matchup. They take exhaust, TP exhaust or whatever they want to take. And that makes it quite annoying. So you can even match that and take exhaust flash yourself. Perfectly fine. But I'll just say take TP flash for the average player. Not a big issue. You don't need to make it too crazy. Now, in this matchup, it's important that when you knock him off your horse, you most likely used your E. So, if you use your E in the trade, knock him. So, you dodge his Q bait it. When it's on cool down, you jump onto him. If you knock him off the horse, just click away straight away. He's going to be able to remount in time before you kill him. So, you knock him off the horse and then wait for your second E and then you go for the allin onto him. Or if you can demount him when you don't have your without using your E. And you can hold your E for when he's in mini form. That's going to be the most optimal. But it is pretty hard to demount him without E. It just depends on the situation. Just don't fall into the trap of letting him fight you mini form versus you when your E is on cool down. You're going to lose that one. Especially if he takes exhaust as well. Now for this matchup, I'd say the later it goes, the better it is for you. You win side lane the whole time. The one to five is just the most scary part of it. Especially if he takes exhaust. So make sure you're playing around his bone plating. You're playing around your own bone plating, not letting him prock it, going for a trade when it's up, stuff, things of that nature. And make sure you're insta ending the trade in CC when you dismount him or trying to dismount him without using your end. Those are the main points of this lane. Next up, we have Casante. And for this matchup, I recommend grasp, second wind, and D shield. And this one is all about your W usage. So, start E level one. Of course, we want to be able to get prime. So, big level one trade where your E hits the whole wave to make sure you're getting that priority. Go for a three-wave crash. If he's playing normally, and then wave four bounces back to the middle, and just make sure you're dictating the first recall. I recommend extending the lane. So, trying to lane until she don't make it too volatile. Of course, if he's a kill, just take it. But don't make it too crazy early. Try to dodge his Q's. Walk towards him. Dodge at the last second, things of that nature, and get your sheen for your first base. Now, the trick to this matchup is not QEing onto his head. If you qe him, he's going to fully charge W. It'll block your stun. You'll be stunned for 300 years. He'll stun, auto Q, auto, rock away, and you'll get annihilated in that trade. So, what you want to do is lead with movement. Get your helicopter going. Auto W him. He's going to put up his big shield, and then you queue away and dodge it. That's the trade pattern you got to follow. You cannot queue until when his W is up or you're going to lose. You must leave with movement in this one. And make sure you're always trying to bait him to use Q. When his Q is down, then you can go for a trade. And once you have your grasp or have your sheen, even before that point, always looking to fish for a cheeky W on him when he walks up to farm. A whack on the head with W and Grasp or W grasp sheen is going to really add up in this lane. Next up, we have Malight. And for this matchup, Dshield, second wind, and Grasp. And this one is all about his resource management. make him go. Your D shield and second win is going to outperform any damage he does to you as long as you're not trading too crazy. So when he's you just keep stacking waves together, play for early demolish procs. This matchup's actually pretty easy one to five. But after first recall, it does get a bit tricky. So try to take big trades at 1 to five if you can. Make him unable to recall. Just try to extend the lane for a long time. I'd say you don't want to be in a situation where you base for a sword, he bases around level four, get some armor and full HP. Not really ideal. It's better for you just to extend the lane for a long time and keep him stuck there kind of bleeding out mana slowly and slowly and then when he's just try to never let him recall and always look to play for demolish procs if you can. So if you got a cannon wave, walk up, E his combo, auto W the tower, procmolish, Q away. Perfectly fine. You're barely going to take any damage doing that. And if you get a couple of plates in this matchup, you're going to be fine. Also, it's a little thing, but play around fruit in this one. The reason I bring it up, it's just so common. You're playing for plates, you're going to take a bit of damage. Go eat your fruit and play out that resource battle because when he goes or very low mana, he's not going to have any options in this game. Keep in mind as well, you're going to be very gankable up against him. So play for good vision as well. This match ups less about trying to solo kill the Mali 50 times and more about bleeding out his resources, keeping your own resources quite good and playing mainly around wave control and tower plate demolishing. Now, as for Maokai, similar to Malight, just go grasp second wind D shield and play to blow up this guy's tower. It's a lot easier than against Malight. He doesn't have the big E, so you're just stacking big waves together and playing for demolish. You can go Merk treads early game if they're jungler or CC based champion like Elise or something like that. Merk treads are going to be great. If not, just go early sheen and make sure you're working on your buffering. You can buff your W through his Q, through his W. So, make sure you're always trying to get those cheeky W's onto him whenever you can. But this matchup again, less about solo killing him and chopping the tree down, more about demolishing his tower from underneath him. Moving on to Morichiser. In this matchup, I recommend Lethal Tempone, but just take Cosmic Inciding Cookies. Bone Plane's not that valuable in this one. You can run ignite as well. Perfectly optional. depends on how you're feeling, but you want to be trying to take a big trade level one, but end your trade in CC. Do not let this guy proc his passive. Of course, easier said than done, but that's the goal. If you end your trade in CC, well, of course, your Eblocks auto attacks, he can never proc his passive. So, you want to be looking to do that. So, big trade to auto him down. He'll auto you once, don't the first auto, let him auto you, let him queue you, dodge it if you're the king. But for a second auto, you block that with E. He can't get passive. And then you end your trade in CC. Then when his passive kind of fizzles out or the two stacks fizzle out, you try to get level two. Jump onto his head. Make it volatile. Make it explosive. Just end your trade in CC. Well, do not give him his passive. And make sure you're always trying to bait spells. If you can walk towards him, pretend I'm going to last at this minion. Pretend I'm going to hit you. Dodge to the side or backwards. Dodge his Q and then Q onto his head directly after. You're going to be fine. Now, when he has E, if you onto his head with your helicopter going, he is going to E every single time onto himself. So as when you Q, do not auto attack him straight away. When you land on him, you move straight away. So move, dodge the E, and then auto W him. Do not get that greedy little auto attack in that get you flying backwards with his E cuz then he's going to be able to Q auto you and bash your head with the passive even though you have lethal tempo. It's not necessarily well, it's not for staticking him full HP versus full HP when you get him low enough HP. Lethal tempo gives you a better threshold to bash him down. And in the mid game, it scales way better than grass for the 1v one as well. But for the early trades, it's a little bit worse than grasp. It's definitely a trade-off, but I recommend tempo so that when you do get him to 50 or 40%. You have the added damage needed to burst this guy down and go for that all in and you're able to fight him back if he tries to go on you as well. Next up, we have Nasis. And you probably expected a lethal tempo one, but I prefer Grasp in this one because he can just press the W key and your lethal tempo becomes useless. So, I prefer grasp with demolish and try to play to blow up his tower if I can. Now, the goal to this one is try to get a lead 1 to five level six. If you queue onto his head and stun him, he can just W and pop ghost and bash your head in. So, do not queue onto his head when he's level six. If he's even and his items look good, make sure you're playing for nice short trades. If he ever walks up, whack him with W. Try to get Sheen on your first recall so your W slabs start to really hurt. And if he's playing quite safe or you've got him lom, stack two waves together with your cannon wave and look to block the tower from underneath him. Next up, we have Niti. And hopefully, none of you have to verse this champion in lane. It is a nightmare. My advice, grasp, dor shield, second wind. And just keep in mind this matchup is not going to be one where you should get a lead. Of course, if she makes a bunch of mistakes, you know, you're going to be fine. But typically in this one, you just try to stay high HP. You can take trades around your E cool down, especially if the wave is near your side and mainly play for ganks and just outscaling her. In side lane, if she doesn't have a lead, her champion is horrible, so you'll be fine there. If she tries to poke you under tower or hit your tower, you can Q auto W stun her and click backwards, but you're mainly playing to conserve HP. Get as good farm as you can and outscale her in this game. Play for ganks. You cannot really beat this champion 1 v one if she knows what she's doing. Moving on to Olaf. And for the laugh, you can go one of two ways. Lethal tempo with ignite and you need to be really willing to fight him or you can go grasp and TP and play for nice short trades. So I would say no matter what the trade pattern if he's got his queue up you walk towards him auto W and queue away. This is the trade pattern 1 to five. If he's stunned you're going to be able to queue away and make enough distance that he can't run you down. That'll be fine. But with lethal tempo I recommend trying to bait him to use ax level one. If he ever tosses Q at you and he's non-range to pick it up, start fighting him. Just start whacking him with lethal tempo. Use your E kind of late in the all in. Don't use it straight away. Do not use your E when you're slowed. He can space it with approach velocity. Use it when you are not slow so that you can get the full value of the spell and hold your ground with ignite. But with grasp, it's all about short trades. So if he chucks his Q, walk up, auto W stun, queue away, click away, and then when he's low HP, you go in for the kill. Lethal tempo, it's all about his queue is down. He over tossed it. It's go time. And don't queue onto his head straight away. Lead with movement, start fighting him, and hold on to your Q on or your E until later on. But make sure you're willing to fight him and hold your ground with lethal tempo and Dorance Blade or grasp with Dshield. Nice short trades. chip away at him and don't queue directly onto his head when he has ulti. If he's full HP, he's going to kill you. Always beat you then. Even if you have lethal tempo, you need to kind of butter him up a little bit first. Chunk him before you go in for the kill. Moving on to and this matchup is all about tower destruction. So, grasp dh shield second wind with demolish of course and stacking big waves whenever you can. Even one to three, you can go for a demolish box straight away. Go for a wave three crash in this one. Don't make it too volatile. You're not going to kill an orn. That guy's too tanky. just stack massive waves and play for demolish and try to get a high tempo proxy recall if you can. Even the first recall is good. If the jungler pass down, you're going to be perfectly fine. Now, if he can dodge his Q, that's going to be great. So, walk towards him, dodge to the side. If he can't slow you, it's very easy cuz if his Q is down, he can't knock you up. So, Q auto W. But when you jump onto his head, run through him straight away, he's going to try W your stun. But if you run through him and get behind him and you dodge the brittle part, you'll be fine. But to be honest, even if the brittle part is on you, if you stun him well and then click away, he can't proc it. If your E is going and you have Brittle and he auto attacks you, he's not going to be able to proc that either. So you have a lot of room to play this one. I'd say don't expect to get a massive lead in this one. Like you're not going to solo kill him three times or anything unless he does something dumb. Mainly play for tower destruction and not putting yourself in a situation where you can be easily ganked. Moving on to Pantheon. Now you're going to be running Grasp, Second Wind, and Dshield. And one to five, you want to take it very, very chill, very, very relaxed. When you have level six, you have an ultimate, he doesn't, and you're going to be able to win the extended trade. That is going to be when you do your best work. So, if you can get Sheen first recall with level six, you're going to be in a really good position. So, on to five, just mainly play to bake Q's, fake, go for a minion, pretend to go for him, dodge to the side, and when his Q's on cool down, you can safely farm, maybe even trade onto him if you want to. Now, make sure you watch out for in this matchup. Do not E and then Q onto his head. He will stun you. He'll take two steps back and you'll lose the trade. you Q order W beta spells and then you try to use Q on your next rotation when with your E still being available. That's going to be the trade pattern that you want to go for. Now, if you can never get an extended trade level six, go for it. Just pop your ulti early, start bashing him down, you're going to be in a good position, but it's kind of on him. He has the agency. So, you're mainly looking to punish mistakes, especially if he W's onto you aggressively. Then, it's going to be time to go. You mainly play for good farm, staying high HP, level six sheen, first recall, and then go for trades where you lead with movement. Hold on to your Q and then Q follow him if you can after he stuns you. That's going to be the best case scenario if you can lead with movement in this lane. Next up, we have Poppy. And for this one, you want to run Dshield with Graspin second wind and just go into the match up with the right mindset. Your goal is not to kill Poppy 500 times. Of course, if you do that, I won't complain, but she is a neutralizer to you. She has a lot of range poke with her Q and her buckler. her W just completely nullifies your Q. So if she plays well, you're not going to be able to get a lead in this matchup. However, every pop you versus going to make a mistake. So the way you want to be playing it, you want to use E on the first buckler that she throws at you, you can use your E on the whole wave. Of course, if she walks up and you can EO, not a problem, but block that buckler, hit the wave and get priority. Now crash wave two or wave three. Depending on how volatile you make it, depends how much you hit the wave. And try to dodge her Q. Her Q is kind of undable, but bait her to use it. fake to go for a minion dodge to the side when Q's on cooldown. You can farm safely. Two rules for this matchup. Never give her a wall stun no matter what. That should be your number one goal. If you get on in lane, but you never got stunned from into the wall. I'll count that as a win. Just make sure you play around that. The second one is her W. So, you do not want to get your Q canceled by your W. So, you have to lead with movement. Walk towards her auto W and then you can hold on to your Q to get away in the trade and CC like that. or just make it unpredictable like you just randomly Q auto W her from close range. A max range Q is easy for her to W. If you're relatively close, just Q auto W. Can't be hard for him, but a good Poppy should be able to do that consistently. So, it's good to put your feeler in, skill check her a little bit at the beginning before she starts to poke you down too much. Now, because you're getting prior, you want to make sure you get the first recall. Getting Sheen on your first base is optimal, but versus Poppy, she has so much pokey can be tricky. So, it's not the end of the world if you can't achieve that. Now leading with movement is going to be really important in this matchup. But if she's low and you want to burst her, just E, R, flash, E2, auto W her. She's going to panic. She's going to put her W up. So hold on to your Q. So you just full combo her with flash. Your flash can't be blocked by a W. Of course, she'll flash W away and then you can Q follow for the kill or hopefully you just kill on your burst. That's going to be the way you do it if you do want to all in her. Don't be afraid to commit your flash if you feel like she's low enough for the kill. Moving on to Quinn. And this matchup can be quite tricky. I recommend going grasp with D shield and second wind. And your trading pattern has to be very calculated. You need to use your Q onto her head to bait her E. So don't use your E on your first jump. If she kicks you on the head, now you have a 4 second timer to go onto her. Your Q cooldown's 4 seconds shorter than her E. So you want to be looking to queue onto her head during that window of a stun. Get a big trade onto her and really let her work for it when her E is on cool down. Really let her have it. Now this is a match up where you can go Taby's rush. That's perfectly fine. one of the few matchups where it's okay. Especially if she has an AD jungler, that would be a good first bite. You can work towards that. That's perfectly fine. But this match up, if she plays well, if she you queue onto her and she kicks you away and then she respects her in that timer when her E is down, you're not going to be able to get a massive lead against her. You can just play for ganks. And when you're going for an allin, remember E with a flash E2 is a lot harder for her to react to with her E. And then you can just Q follow. So flash onto and then Q follow after she kicks instead of Q onto and get kicked away. your flash not really going to cut in that situation. So this that's how you want to be mainly playing for all. Moving on to Renekton. And this is a Renekton favored skill matchup. I'd recommend taking Grasp in this one. If you're playing in lower brackets, you can run tempo if you want, but Grasp is more optimal in this lane. Now, you want to be trying to get prior level one. If he plays very well, he actually does get push, but you want to be trying to ego it. Who gets pro in this one is probably one of the closest matchups that I've seen in terms of who should get the pro. So, you definitely want to be trying to ego it if you can. So big level one trade with E where your E absorbs the whole minion aggreg. If he dodges your stun with his E, then your E is going to hit the wave. You're going to get pro. He has to start Q if he wants pro. And if he does start Q, you want to be trying to walk behind him and get a big extended trade level one before he has fury. When he's level six, this matchup is very very tough. The 1 to four, one to five is not too bad. So try to get some trades down. Try to play for an early game advantage and end your trade in CC. Your E will block his stun. So keep that in mind if he ever dashes on to you, but most renix will hold it and wait for your E to expire. So end your trade and CC him, auto W, stun him, and then queue away him and then wait for your E to come up. If your E is down and his stun is up, you should never be walking up and giving him that stun or you're going to be in a very, very tricky situation. But something to keep in mind as well is that Triforce, you just destroy him. So that's going to be a really good avenue for you to punish him. And one little extra thing, it shouldn't have to come down to it, but you can buffer your W through his stun. If you do make the mistake of walking up without your E and he dashes onto you, at least get that W buffer through it. Next up, we have Rengar. In this matchup, you're not really going to be able to do anything one to five. You have to wait until you have an ulti and he doesn't. So that level six combat power. And I recommend running lethal tempo with bone plating. Now, do not ward for the jungle level one. You need to use your ward on the lane bush closest to your tower so that you can see him when he's going in and out so that when he jumps to a minion, you can walk up and farm safely. Your E will block his Q. So keep that in mind. But the good Ringar players will jump onto you, use the empowered bowler and click away or just empowered shout to get out of your E. So early game is not that much use trading with him. I'd say I recommend the shield. You can go dblade if you're confident. I'd say it's half half either way, but D shield's more consistent and just making sure one to five you're mainly playing for a good farm. If he jumps on to you, sure, fight him back, but do not try to kill him. Do not jump onto him, force anything. That's going to be his comfort zone. But at level six, when you have access to your ulti, your trades will stick a lot more and your allin will be a lot stronger, especially with lethal tempo. So that's when you can start to play the game. Moving on to Riven. And for this matchup, you want to run grasp with D shield. And your goal is to get prior again. So try to hit the wave. she's going to be trying to bait you to use your E. So, you can just hold on to it. Just play for the wave cuz it's pretty hard to get an extended E trade onto her. But if she makes a mistake, if she Q3s you and then walks up to farm when your Q is on cool down, go for it. The reason I say don't really use your E is if you use your E at a bad time, if you force onto her and she kind of hops away a little bit, she's going to be able to all in you. She's going to be able to take an extended trade with her Q's if she's Q cycles well as well, you going to have a really bad time. Your eco downs way too long to be wasting. So just hold on to it unless she does something stupid. Play for PR and try to take a level two versus one trade up against her. Now later on in this matchup, the biggest thing is buffering your W. So try to get Grasp on your first recall and try to leverage your TP advantage. She's going to take ignite. So if you can get sheen and base and TP back to lane. In some cases, it might be a long sword refillable perfectly fine. But if you can do that and base and TP back to lane and she can't recall, you are golden. That is the win condition for your matchup. Using your TP advantage to gain item and resource lead over her and then not letting her base. Now, when you have your sheen, even before that, always be trying to buffer your W. You can buffer your W through her Q3 and through her stun. You need to be quick. But when you see her shield go up and she's dashing towards you, just preload that W, get the W, the grasp machine proc, it's really going to add up. Riven doesn't have any sustain. So, if you get three or four W's onto it, she's not going to be able to play anymore. And then when you go for the all-in because it's too easy for her to W E and cancel and dash away from your combo. If you queue onto ahead, use the old R flash trick, the E, use the little the slick back. R flash E, auto W, go for the burst when she's low HP. Gives her a lot less time to react. But the biggest parts of this matchup is how you play the level one. Your E discipline, how when your E is on cooldown, you fully respect her. When it's up, you make sure you're not getting evaded and buffering your W through CC are the most important parts. Next up, we have Rumble. And I'd say for this matchup, no rune really feels that good, but I'd say lethal tempo has the edge. So I recommend taking that. The reason for that, you can't really take a short trade versus Rumble. If you try to queue onto his head, he's going to EQW and just bash you down. You're going to get obliterated in that trade. And because he's technically range, all of his abilities are range. You're not going to be able to get a cheeky W with grass proc anyway. So I recommend just going lethal tempo, playing the early game consistently. Let him get pry. Even if he starts E, you could technically get pushed. He's going to poke you down that whole time. It's very hard to clean the crash against him. Just let him get private. Be very delicate with the wave. Don't take any volatile trades, let him push you in and then look for an all-in trade or if your jungler's puffing up, play around ganks really, really well. Playing for ganks is such a massive part of this matchup. Of course, receiving ganks makes any matchup doable, but this one, he's got no mobility. You can point click stun him. It's very easy to play around your jungler in this type of matchup. So, mainly play for staying high HP, getting good farm, playing with your jungler, and then going for an all-in later on. If you have Triforce and you're even, you'll destroy him. Of course, being even is the hard part, but just make sure you're playing around your jungler very clearly, communicating the angles when your wave's in a good spot. And making sure you're not trying to mindlessly push and getting your wave stuck outside of his tower. One extra tip as well, you can go hexrinker rush in this one. I really hate hexrinker rush on Jax, so only do it if they have AP on their jungle as well. Next up, we have rise. And for this one, dshield, grasp, and second wind, and you want to be starting Q. So, whack the wave back into the bush, stack up your grasp straight away, and then just Q auto. Q auto every time your grasp is available, get them lower and lower him, and just make sure when you have access to your stun, you're preloading your E. You want to E, Q, E, because if you queue onto him and then E, he's going to route you. Your E has a little bit of a lock out where you can't cast E2. So, he's going to stun you and click away and then run you down the lane. So, make sure you're preloading your E in advance before you go onto him. But, this matchup's all about making it volatile. Just queue onto his head and keep bashing him down. He has no sustain. and play heavily around your jungler as well. This champion is very very free kills with your jungle ganks. Moving on to set. And for this matchup, you can run tempo or grasp. I used to prefer grasp, but after the Jax buff, I prefer tempo. So, I do recommend that right now. So, lethal tempo with bone plating is going to be great, but if you do take grass, just make sure you have that short trade mindset. Now, you want Doran's blade and you want to be playing for prime. So, hit the wave straight away as it comes in. And if you can get a trade with him when he's away from the minions, that is great. The second you hit him, you're going to know if he started W or E. So, if he started his W, you'll see a little bit of grip bar. So, make sure you're always premoving trying to dodge that. If he started E, just make sure you're not giving him the avenue where you E, and then he stuns you against a minion and clicks backwards and dodges your helicopter. Really want to avoid that. So, you try to get prow, you try to get level two, and then when he walks away, you queue onto his head when he's not near the minions, when he doesn't have anything behind him to stun you off of, you can annihilate him in the trade. But if he does have a way to stun you or it's relatively close situation, lead with movement. Walk towards him. Auto W, stun him, and then queue away him. You don't want to greet that little extra auto against him because he's going to EW you and you'll lose the trade. And queuing onto him is risky as well. Same reasoning, he'll ew you. Even if you stun him and he buffs W through your stun, not going to be a great trade. So leading with movement is going to be very optimal. And then when he's low, then you can queue onto his head and bash him down. Moving on to Shen. And for this matchup, go D shield. and either grasp or tempo depending on your preference. Both are perfectly fine. I'd say grasp is a little bit more optimal. Now, you want to be running bone plating and demolish no matter what page you take because you want demolish by ult. You just blow up his tower or if you're doing well, you can bait him to use taunt Q to dodge it and then walk up and proc demolish. Really realistic patterns. Now, for the early game, Shin 1 to five is actually not Super Jack's favorite, but when you have ulti, it's going to be great for you. you have an ulti and he doesn't. So, you do have to play it pretty patiently until then. But make sure you get priority. You need to get level two before him or you're going to have a bad time. So, try to do that. And the number one tip for this matchup, when you queue onto his head, he is going to try to walk past you and taunt you back into the tower. So, instead of queuing, walking through him like you like you normally would, there's a different champion. You want to queue onto him and click backwards. Do a little bit of a moonwalk there because then he's going to walk back as well. And if you're both walking backwards, then you can start bashing him down autos and you're going to be perfectly fine. So be very careful. If you qe onto him and he walks through you and taunts you, he's going to be able to space out your E and then bash you down with his three Q's and your trade is not going to go well for you. So you have to have great movement in this matchup. But the most optimal thing is lead with movement auto W and then just stun him and queue away or Q follow him if he taunts away. That is great. Just make sure you enter train CC. You don't want to Q follow his taunt. Stun him. get that one greedy little auto attack that all Jax players like to do and then he just bash bash bashes your head down with Q. You need to avoid that at all costs. His W will also block your your W. So, make sure you hold it anticipated. If you cast your W and he chucks it up, just walk next to him. Just chill and make sure you don't waste that ability. Next up, we have Shyana. And for this one, Lethal Tempo, second win and demolish. The second one's not super important, but you do want to blow up her tower. And for this matchup, you just go deep blade and try to walk behind your level one. Take a big level one trade. Make it volatile. Get the big lethal tempo stacks going. Abuse your level two. And try to go for a wave three crash in this one. If she walks up and your E hits the whole wave cuz you're bashing your head in. You can wave two crash. That's fine. But if she's sitting really far away and just tossing little fireballs at you, then go for a wave three crash. It'll make wave four come back to the middle and then you can continuously trade onto her. Next up, we have Singed. And for this matchup, I'd say it's not really a great matchup for Jax, but it's not really a bad matchup either. You're both going to be able to do what you want to do. So, I wouldn't be too stressed about it. Just go grasp with second wind and D shield and look to chip away at him with W. Every time he walks near you, just give him a little bonk on the head with W and grasp. Try to get Sheen on your first recall and chip away at him like that. At level six, you're not going to be able to kill him. So, one to five, you do have an opportunity if you can get him low enough. Just make sure you avoid the mistake of queuing onto him and then using E. He's going to flip you off him, you're going to lose your stun. So, either you preload your E and then Q stun him, or you just don't use your E at all. And you can buffer your W through his flip. So always be looking to do that and you can imagine with grasp machine it's really going to add up. So I'd say for this you want it's not really Jack specific but make sure he doesn't get into the proxy position. So TP back to lane straight away when you base don't give him an opportunity to proxy when he's there you cannot stop him but it's sing if he does drop a wave or run around the back or maybe you make a mistake and he does get into that proxy position. You can also proxy as well so don't worry too much about it. Next up we have Scion. And for this matchup I recommend Grasp. If you're playing in higher ranks, I'd say master plus, maybe high diamond, and for everyone else, just run lethal tempo. The reason for that, the really good s players are going to space you quite well to the point where you can't really use tempo that well, but the average s player will not. So, you're going to have an opportunity to just bash him down with lethal tempo. And if you wanted to go bork second with tempo, you're going to be able to one-shot him in side lane also. So, this matchup, the 1 to4 is very easy. The level 5 to9 is very, very difficult. So, make sure you're trying to get a leap one to four. So, get prior no matter what. big trade whenever he walks up. Try to get extended trades. Make it volatile. Chasing down the lane and make sure you're not getting spaced. If he hits you with his slow, do not put your E up. If he EQs you, just queue away. If he misses E, or as he's on cool down, then you can queue onto his head and there's nothing you can do about it. So, his E is actually his main defensive tool in this matchup that you need to play around because without it, you can very easily get a extended trade onto him. So, that's something to keep in mind. And if you get ahead in this matchup, you can look to proc demolish under his tower. Really a good strategy for this one. Moving on to Tom Kench. And for this one, I recommend Lethal Temper. You can take Grasp if you want. Either way, it doesn't really matter too much. He is a neutralizer. He is a meatball, so you don't have to feel pressured to kill him or to get a big lead. His champion has pretty much no value out of lane. So, mainly play to get early prime, get great farm, stay high HP, don't make it too volatile. Of course, if he walks up to farm, you can whack him, chip away at him with W. That's fine. And if he's low, you can go for the allin. Or if he cues for a minion or Q's and misses you, and you can queue onto his head, you're going to win the trade. It's going to be fine. My advice for this matchup is just don't try too hard. He's a meatball. He's a neutralizer. If you get 10 C per minute in the early lane or 9 CS, get your Triforce 11 minutes. You're going to be golden in that game. And if you can proc Demolish along the way, that's going to be great as well. Next up, we have Teemo. And this is probably one of my least favorite matchups for Jax at the moment. So, I strongly recommend D shield, second wind, and grasp. And your goal in this one is to not take too much damage. One to three. He's going to get prior. You need to use bush control very, very well. So, look to do that. If he ever cues you randomly to poke you down, of course, queue onto his head and beat him up. That's perfectly fine. But your goal is going to let him crash. You're going to get level three. Try to stay 80, 85, 90% HP if you can, and then go for a trade when you have access to all of your abilities and a minion advantage cuz your wave is bouncing back towards him. That's going to be your time to strike. But you need to play for jungle ganks in this matchup. So try communicate when it's gankable. Keep tabs of your jungler and communicate the great opportunities for him. So, for this matchup, I would say if you get to Triforce and you're only down 25 30 farm, you did pretty good. So, don't go too crazy. But most Teo players will make the mistake. They'll use blind at a bad time or they'll miss a back timer. So, always be looking to leverage your TP to gain an advantage. If you're both half, if he's half HP and let's say you're 20%, you base and TP back and now you have item advantage at full HP and he misses his recall timer, that's going to be a great opportunity for you. So, always be looking to leverage your TP to gain an advantage and utilize your jungler as a resource to shut down the Teimmo. Moving on to Trundle. And for this one, you want lethal tempo, bone plating, and demolish. And don't be afraid to build split pushing items into him like Borg, cuz if you beat him in the 1 v one, you're going to win the game. If you lose, his champion actually has some value. So, the biggest thing about this matchup is you want to be playing around your E cool down very, very well. If your E is down, he is a champion. If your E is up, it's not. So don't give him a trade when your E is on cooldown. End your trade in CC. Auto W hit him like three times. Stun him, queue away, or walk away and you're going to be in a really good position. Be careful queuing onto his head because he's going to pillar you after as you try to get away and then bash you down. So leave with movement. But this champion has no range ability. He has to walk up to farm. So leading with movement, trying to get behind him, take a big trade of lethal tempo, ending it in your CC, and then looking to all in his low HP. A very realistic strategy for you. Next up, we have Trendir. This match up's actually not as easy as it may sound because he just has way too much sustain and Jax has none. However, level six is actually pretty good cuz that's when you can really start to chunk him and get meaningful poke onto him. Early game, you just don't really have the damage. So, the thing is he's going to get prow against you early game. He's going to stack up his fury and try to walk towards you and start fighting you. So, the trade pattern is you're going to E when he starts hitting you. Of course, try to block his auto. Try to react to it if you feel confident. He's going to walk through you and try to spin away. So, it's important that you react to his E. You don't want to cast your E early if he's still holding E because he's going to spin after you and bash you up. You need to react to his E animation with your stun so that even though he will get away with the spin, he's going to get stunned and take the damage. Then you just need to make sure his E will come up when your E is on cool down. So that's when you need to be very very respectful and don't let him just spin onto you and whack you three times in the head. That's not going to end well for you. So just make sure the trading pattern later on when you feel more confident, you lead with movement, auto W, he spins away, you Q follow him. Do not queue onto his head. It's not going to go that well unless he's low HP and anything like that and you know you can tank him. Just make sure you're leading with movement at all times and play the one to five a little bit more reserved unless he makes a mistake. Now I also recommend for this matchup going at ninja tabies. I'd still say after triforce to be honest. I don't really like delaying it unless the jungler is like a graves or something. Of course you can. But frozen art second item is amazing in this one. So you should be doing that every time. Moving on to Udier. And this matchup's just way too hard to short trade up against. So, I recommend Lethal Tempo. Ignite's pretty good, but not mandatory. I'd say TP is better most of the time. Really depends on your personal preference. Now, with this matchup, you need to be playing around his awaken shield. So, if you start fighting with E, he pops awaken shield. Just queue away. Even if he pops awaken R, Q away. Don't fight him in his awaken. And then when that's on cool down, that's your time to trade on your second rotation of your E. So, bait his ulti. You can tell by the bar down below and then all in him when his ulti is on cool down. Moving on to Urgot. Now, for this matchup, I like to go d shield with lethal tempo. This is one of these matchups where no rune really feels good. It's hard to use lethal tempo a lot of the time, but you also can't really progress very often either. So, just go tempo so that if he makes a mistake, you can run him down or in the side lane, you can beat him as well. Now, the goal for this matchup is to two- wave crash and then just let the wave come back all the way towards you while utilizing the bushes to stay high HP. That's a pretty good strategy. And then when the wave is near your side, you go for an extended trade. So the trade pattern is you walk towards him with your chest out with your E going. Bait him to use his E and if you dodge it last second, pre-dge it. Don't rely on just reaction alone. Pre-des. If he wishes past you, you're going to completely bash his head in. So always try to do that. But be careful when his Q is up. If he hits you with Q, you're not going to be able to dodge the E. So it's good to go at a timer after EQ pokes you. Wait for the slow to wear off and then go for that trade pattern. And if he ever messes up, it's really easy for you to go for the kill. Or another good trade pattern if you want to go for an all-in, especially at level six, you queue onto his head with E, auto W or Q onto his head without E, sorry, auto W and just flashes E. If he ease towards you, towards your tower and you flash off to the side, especially if his flash is on cooldown, you can run him down. It's really easy to play this match up. If you dodge his E, of course, it's fully in his control. If he plays perfectly, you're not going to farm him. But 99% of Urgot players are not quant, so you're going to be perfectly fine. Just always be thinking about a Z and how you can avoid it by pre-dging or even flashing it if you want to go for that allin. Next up we have Vain. And for this matchup you want to be running DS shield grasp and second wind. And there are two approaches to this one. You can either start Q hit the wave stack a grasp Q auto her Q auto every time my personal favorite. Or you can start E and play kind of to conserve HP. When the wave gets near your side you're level three. Then you can go. Really depends on how comfortable you're feeling. But I would say Q start is slightly more optimal. But if you feel like ah their pantheon could be clearing up, my Graves is clearing down. I don't want to make it too crazy, then you could just go with the E start and be a little bit more reserved. Now, in this matchup, the goal is to make her use condemn without using your E. If you can Q auto W her, so if she tumbles towards you to poke you down and you queue onto her, auto W, she has to E you, then you have this massive timer where he's on cooldown, your Q will come back up. And if you can never queue onto her stun, it's a lights out for her. So that'd be a really good opportunity to go. Also, if you do hit your stun, don't be afraid to alult Ti auto W just for a bit bit of burst, even if you don't kill her. Make her flash away or chunk her. She's not going to have TP. She doesn't have really any sustain. So, any poke you do onto will really, really stick. So, make sure you're abusing the fact that you have Dshield and Second Wind and trying to poke her down with Q auto W grass procs. But, if she's good at condemning, if she condemns you pretty quickly, try to Q and then W quickly. Your W will buff it through the condemn. So, make sure you're trying to use your Q from bushes as well to give her as little time as possible to react. Also, if she's positioning poorly and not respecting the bushes, you can preload your E at the bush, even if she has condemn QE, auto W, so she won't be able to condemn and dodge your stun. Next up, we have Vladimir, and this is one of Jax's hardest matchups in the game, especially if he has ignite. So, I recommend going grasp shield and second wind. Now, give him prior. You can technically get prior if you play for it on Jax, but he's going to poke you down so much that you're not going to be able to really do anything. you're not going to be able to crash the wave properly and if the wave's stuck outside his tower, your game is just over. So, let him push. Use bush control really well. Stay high HP. Do not queue onto his head with grasp. He has too much sustain. Just play to survive. Just play to pick up good farm. And if he tries to poke you under tower, of course, you can go for a trade onto him. Now, the trading pattern for this one, his pull cool down is 28 seconds. So, if you jump onto him, auto W. He's going to W your stun. Then you have this big timer where you can go onto him. But that's fully in Vlad's control. If he respects while his W's down and then walks back up when it's up, you're not going to really have that timer. So versus good Vladimir, not much you can do. But most Vladimir will make that mistake. They're too keen to queue you on the head. So make sure when that 11second timer when your ear is up, your second is up and his pool is down. It's go time and you're looking for that allin. Now something else to keep in mind, not really Jack specific, but your goal should be to never tank an empowered Vlad Q. Never tank his Q2. Yet queue away if you have to. Never let him get that. It's too efficient of a training tool. too much damage, too much healing. So, make sure you're not getting hit by that by any means necessary. And if you can ever crash a wave and get a free recall off, take it. Hold on to your TP. You're going to need it in this one. He has way too much pokey and stay in lane way too long. So, even if you base and TP of a long sword advantage in this matchup specifically, it's not going to really amount to anything, so it's better to hold your TP in this one. Moving on to Volibear. For this one, I recommend Lethal Tempo and ignite. Ignite being optional, personal preference. And make sure in this one, the number one rule, ending your trade in CC. So auto attack him with the auto W. Make sure you E early against him. You never want to E late. If he gets a free stun onto you, it's game over. Your E will block his Q. Your E will block his W. So really good match up for you. So make sure you're ending your train CC, auto W E, stun him, walk away. Even if you queue onto his head, it will be fine early game as long as you don't greet that extra auto after the stun and then just chip him lower and lower. And then when he's low enough, you go for that allin. Leading with movement is optimal. order we E and then Q follow if you have to and just make sure when your E is on cooldown you are a different champion you play very respectful do not give them ever an opportunity to QE order W you when your E is down make sure you're giving a couple of minions when that spell is on cooldown moving on to Warwick and for this matchup I recommend lethal tempo with teleport and dblade start and don't make it too volatile early game you're not going to be able to do anything meaningful to him at the start of course we know Warwick's going to out sustain everything which is why grasp isn't really good you take a short trade he's going to heal it back anyway and you want lethal tempo so that you can actually all in him when he's low HP and beat him up in side lane but he's going to get prior you want to take a trade with your E so when the you hit the minions as much as you can if he runs onto you E will block his Q so big trade really milk your E duration as long as you can keep in mind he can buff for his Q through your E so if the walk play your versing can do that cut off your E a little early so that it really messes up with his timing but when your E is on cooldown or when your E stun's finished do not auto attack him one more time he's going to hit unstunned, he's going to hit you back and it's not going to be worth it. Even if you did 200 damage to him, well, 300 damage to him and he did 100 to you. He's just going to whack the wave twice and be fine. So, make sure you're ending your train CC very well. And be willing to give minions. You're going to let 10 20 minions, maybe even bleed out and die during the timer when your E is on cooldown. Maybe 20 is a bit much, but you get my drill here. When your E is down, you cannot let them force a trade onto you. Now, the goal for this matchup is to get 950 gold on your first recall. 800 is fine. Well, 850 is fine. 950 is optimal. So for execution is potion or execution is refill on your first base and get base and TP back the second you have that. This is going to be a deviation from our normal plan rushing triforce. But Warwick, you need executioners. Then when you have that, your trades are actually going to stick. You can take bigger trades and when he's low HP, you can go for that allin, but I still recommend leading with movement. Auto W bash him down E and then Q away or Q follow if you want to play for the kill. Just don't get barrier baited. And in this matchup, if you don't get behind, you get triforce with execution is even or slightly ahead. You're going to run him over. His champ will be useless. So don't be too crazy during that 1 to5 period where his champion is just Thanos. Moving on to Wukong. And for this matchup, I recommend grasp and bone plating and dshield. And you want to be looking to chip away him with W and grass proc when he walks up to farm as he can't farm from a distance. Now, if he tries to do the same thing to you, chip away at you with his Q, use your E. React to his Q animation with your E and then Q onto him, auto W, stun him, and click away, and you're going to be in a fine position. Just don't go for an all in when your E is on cooldown. You want the short trade mindset. He wants long trades, you want short trades, and then when he's low HP, then you go in for the burst against him. Next up, we have Yasu. In this matchup, even though it's very good for Jax, the one to three can be a little bit dicey. But I still recommend going lethal tempo and dblade if you're confident, dshield if you're not, and trying to get prime. So bash the wave as much as you can. Try to get one cheeky auto attack onto him first to break his passive before you go for your big E ideally. But if he runs at you and starts fighting you, of course, get that E going. Hit him in the entire wave and make sure you're getting prior no matter what. Then when you're level two versus one, jump onto his head, bash him down. You know the drill. You're going to be perfectly fine. Don't always rely on your E to block his Q. If you can dodge his Q just by movement, that's going to be the most optimal thing you can do. So try to pre-dge it in advance. And then if you walk towards him, click backwards, dodge a Q, and then Q onto his head, you're going to be in a really, really good position. Also, keep in mind he can ride the wave to dodge your E. So if you walk towards him and use your E and he starts dashing through the wave, you have to be ready to Q follow him. But even if you stun him, it won't cancel a dash. So make sure if he does kind of cancel that stun animation by dashing away, you click away as well to the bushes and kind of wait for your next E to come back up. Moving on to Yona. And for this one, I strongly recommend running lethal tempo. It makes the level one so much better for you and you outscale him quite hard inside as well. Where with grasp, if you're even or even just slightly ahead, he'll beat you inside lane eventually if he has tempo and you don't. Now, the goal level one trade, try to fight him away from the minions if you can. Try to dodge his first Q. So, walk towards him, dodge to the side or dodge backwards, and try to get behind him. Get behind him, make him run through you to get back to tower. And if you dodge even one Q, he's not going to be able to stack Q3, and you're going to be in a great position. Now, your trading pattern in lane is going to be he's going to W to poke you down, wait for the shield to drop off, and then Q onto his head at a time where he doesn't have Q3 loaded. If Q3 is loaded, never queue onto him. He's just going to queue you, cancel your Q animation, do damage to you, and then W after. The trade's not going to be great for you. Now, he's going to be trying to use E to dodge your E as well. So, make sure you react to it. But you react to his E and cast your E early, your E2 early so that it stuns him and then you click away and then he's just going to snap back to his ghost, but you're already running away. And then you play off your next E cool down. But if he's low HP, you can just camp the ghost and fight him. Of course, it depends on the situation. But this is one of these matchups where you want to butter him up first, get him lower and lower, trade with your E into your train CC, chunk him lower HP without taking much yourself, and then go for that kill. But level one, if he dodge a Z and you can get a big spicy extended trade where you do around 80% of his HP bar, he does 40 to you, perfectly fine. Go for that. These types of trade patterns where you want to stay healthy is more so for the level three to nine, the later points of the matchup. You don't want to be low HP against this one because you can trade and damage to him without taking that much yourself. Moving on to Yoro. And for this one, I recommend going lethal tempo with ignite. If you take Ignite, you should run bone plating and demolish. If you run teleport, you can go cookies and cosmic inside. Either way is perfectly fine. Depends on your personal preference. Now, lethal tempo is really important because you need to get the big level one trade. Try to zone him from XP. Now, if he plays well, he's going to get the XP. But play that way. Try to chase him to the tower. Big lethal tempo trade. Keep whacking him. Try to react to his Q with your E if you can. If you block that ability, you're in a really good position and just keep whacking him. Doesn't matter if his second Q comes up. Just keep hitting him with lethal tempo level one. Make it volatile. Make it spicy. cuz level six, if he's even, you're going to have a tough time. So, make sure you try to really bash him down and abuse that level tempo gap. Then, you want to be going for a wave three crash. If he fights you near the wave and your E hits the entire wave, do a wave two crash. Wave three crash is a bit more optimal. Just make sure you get it in cleanly. Wave four, bounce back to the middle and then jump onto his head and run him down. Now, ideally, you try to bait him to E. So, pretend to go for a minion and dodge his E and then directly queue onto his head when his E is on cool down. That's going to be the best way to play it. And for our final matchup, we have Zack. And this is another one of these short trading matchups. So, I recommend going dshield, grasp, and second wind. Now, your goal for this matchup is to get early priority. I'd say to go for a three-wave crash. Don't make it too volatile. This champ has infinite sustain, so it's not that worth playing aggressive early game. Of course, if he does something dumb and you can bash his head in, feel free. But your goal is to get 850 to 950 gold on your first recall. Get executioners and potion or executioners and refill. And then you can play aggressive. then your trades are actually going to stick onto him. Don't forget to be stepping on his blobs whenever you can so he can't sustain for free. And just make sure you're always whacking him on the head with W when he walks up to farm, chipping away at him. And if he does go on you, just make sure you're not in a situation where you E walk towards him, he E and clicks backwards and you get your E cancelled. Make sure you're using your E from a space where he can't really E onto you without you being able to cancel it. Next up, we're going to be covering the Midame, and I wanted to showcase an example of a very difficult game. So, as you can tell by this kill score and what the towers look like, me and my entire team are quite far behind. This is going to be a tricky game for sure. So, in this situation, even though dragon is next, I know we can't really fight it on this timer with no Twitch ulti and we're so far behind, so it's better for us just to give it, but I need to keep that in mind. I know I'm weak sided right now. My team's playing top side, we're giving dragon, so I have to respect. This is a really good rule of thumb to follow if you're playing on the next on the side next to the next objective. So, maybe you're top lane when herald's up, bot lane when dragon's up. You have to assume that they're there until proven otherwise because they should be here. They should be getting vision and taking the free dragon and ganking me if I try to push in the spot wave. So, I just have to catch as high up as I can without dying. That's going to be the rule of thumb that you follow. You pressure as hard as you can without dying. Of course, it sounds simple, but it's an really important skill that a lot of players fail where they try to pressure as hard as possible. That's not going to be your default. Just pressure as much as you can without risking your life. So, I clear this wave and then back out to eat a jungle camp. So the rule of thumb for if you can take a camp or not, if it's not a bad play, is if you've got nothing else to do. If I push bottom here, I'm going to get ganked by the fed diner and dying. And if I join a fight, there's no real fight to take. You can look at mid lane right now. So there's nothing else for me to do. So if there's no fight or there's no pressure for you to do, that's your best time to eat a camp. I don't want to see you eating a camp on your way back to lane when your team's playing aggressive around a dragon or anything like that. You want to do it when you have nothing else to do. Now, this upcoming point is going to be very important for your Jax journey, as Jax is one of the best middle grounds between splitting and team fighting. So, here a team fight is happening, but my TP is not available right now. So, we're going to pause as soon as I have TP as soon as I can join this fight. The reason I don't come right now is because in my mind, the fight is already pretty much decided. My mid is dead. They killed support. Everyone's fighting backwards. Maybe I TP. Maybe I get one kill. Maybe I save one teammate. But the outcome of this fight is already set into stone. Even though getting a kill might be nice, but a dopamine it's going to make the next play bad. So, you'll see what I mean very shortly. Now, I'm maintaining good tempo. I'm not tping, fighting for 40 seconds, and then basing and answering the Silus's bottom push. I'm maintaining my own good tempo for the next objective, which is Articon. So, of course, if Silus wasn't there, I'd break the tower, but he is. So, I rotate to top, push mid on the way in. And the reason I'm going top, of course, Articon is next. I want to create that pressure ahead of time. So now I'm trying to push in top, make somebody answer me and make a 5v4 around Arakan. I wouldn't have been able to do that if I tped into this top fight, but I'm maintaining my good tempo and looking to make this numbers advantage fight. So I'm watching this play right now. It didn't look good straight away. This TF was like 04, something like that. Didn't really want to fight with him. So I was waiting for Leon to rotate down. So I put a put a pressure on to the Urgot here and then TP and get here first. So, I was able to make this numbers advantage fight even though got tped in. Like we just mentioned, being late to the fight, you might as well not be here. Look at the time when he arrives. Everyone is already dead. He might get a kill. He might save one guy. Spoiler alert, he's not going to. He's going to get on. But he's not the decision, the decider in this fight at all because he's late. So, he made the mistake that we avoided in the previous sequence. Now, you'll see here we push in bottom. And again, do I want to spend 20 seconds unleashing my jungle on this Artakan? No. Our tempo is too important. So I push in bottom, break the tower, and base straight away. Great tempo for the next upcoming sequence. So you have to be very quick with your decision-making on Jax. Very decisive. I want this fight or I don't want this fight. That's going to be better for your learning. And then the rule to follow is when the play is done, you base as soon as possible. I break the tower as quickly as I can and recalled. And now heading straight back top. Everyone's still farming. Jungler's watering his plants, eating his camps. You know the drill. But we're already here. We're already making pressure and pulling people around so that jungle support again. I'm pressuring as much as I can without risking dying, but their jungle support is wasting time on me top. I'm p pushing in the wave here. I made a god answer me, so I'm one step ahead again in terms of tempo here. So, I'm going to be looking to push in top, rotate down to this dragon, and create another numbers advantage player. So, I do just that. Remember our rule of thumb. If you can't make if you can't pressure the tower 1 v one, then look for a play. I cannot hit tower in front of Urgot, I'm going to get flipped. And so, it's better for me to rotate down and look for a numbers advantage fight here. So, I do that. I rotate there first and they have to respect me. Even though I'm not hitting a champion right now, they have to respect me which allows my team to get full vision of dragon. And now they have to make the choice. If you want dragon salt, you have to face check here. If you face check, we have advantage on this fight. So you can see they face check into my combo, followed by Ali combo, and we're able to win this fight even though our team is very far behind here. Of course, I made a mistake earlier, but I still gave my team the highest chance of winning this fight by getting here early, getting full control, and making them face shake us. And you'll see yet again after I break this tower, instantly recall. These guys can waste time if they want. They can eat wolves. They can eat one more wave. But as a top laner, we have the most important job in the game, not to pat myself on the back too much. But us top laners just build different. We need to be very quick. We base straight away straight back to side creating pressure for the next player. So I push in bottom here. And my tempo allows me to get T as well. And then they come to gank me. Of course, with Zas, with Sununded Sky, we're not going to die here. We're going to be perfectly fine as long as we play it well. So playing it a bit slow here and then waiting for my moment to zas right now just before I die. One more order off and then we're able to win this fight. So and yet again base straight away and rock up to Baron here. So from this point just a relatively straightforward baron sequence get here early when it's baron dragon soul or elder. You don't want to be in a situation where your team fights without you especially if you don't have TP. So I'm just rocking there straight away looking for the flank and playing for this fight and helping my team get full baron control. So I don't play the fight the best here. You can see the Elisa manages to get away eventually. I was a bit too greedy with my flash, but it's fine. We chunked them. We create a lot of space here. I think she jumped to golems or something like that. And we're here first. As long as you're the first team at Baron getting full control, you're going to have the advantage for the fight just like that one around dragon. So, I get control here. Help my team a little bit. Waiting for them to come in. I'm always going to jump the wall and try to put pressure on their jungler, not leash us the whole time. But their jungle is late, so I might as well help DPS a little bit. So, kill this ward here. Looking to go on to Dina if he ever walks up. But she goes over. Good combo by Alistister and then just put pressure on her. Just playing defense, not letting her get into the pit. Zombies got E here and we're able to pick up the Baron. The fight didn't go the best, but you can kind of see the macro behind it went quite well. So, we're in a really good position heading onto the map, even though a few of our teammates die in this fight. So, I'd say the main takeaways for this mid game is going to be the rules that we talked about. If you can't make pressure inside 1 v one, we look to make a numbers advantage playing and making sure you're maintaining good tempo the second the play is done. the second you're done fighting or you got your tower, something like that, you base straight away, head back onto the map with good temper, making sure you're always trying to be the guy there first. That's going to allow you to maintain good farm and XP. You can see here, even though I've died four times and fought a lot, I'm only around 20 CS behind the clock, maybe around 30. So, we maintain good farm in this game, even though we have been very impactful as well. So, these are the rules you're going to follow if you want to maintain good farm, but still be impactful in these midame team fights. Now, for our next example, I wanted to showcase a game where I'm winning through side lane. So, in this game, I really didn't want a team fight. Everyone on my team is playing pretty poorly, including myself. Died to a lot of ganks except for our jungler. He's doing fine. Bot lane is playing Jin. So, I didn't really want a team fight in this game. You'll also notice I'm building towards Blade of the Ruin King, even though they don't have a champ like Mundo. But, like we talked about in the item section, I'm versus a full split pushing champion, Yoro, and I'm behind. So, if I build Sun Sky here, I wouldn't be able to beat him 1 v one. So, I'm building Bork because me being able to get sidelane pressure up against him is more valuable than more team fighting power, especially in this game where it's unlikely we can win a 5v5. So, here I'm pushing in bottom looking to create pressure away from the next objective and play for this top tower here. So, I push in top, break the tier one. Yo TPS in, and you can see just from my build alone, I've got Lethal Tempo and ignite. And even though the box's not done yet, bit of extra healing as well. I'm able to beat up this guy 1 v one. Definitely recommend Lethal Tempo in this matchup. So you can do that even if you're behind. Try to get the maiden tomb. Now this is going to be a really important concept for you split pushing. The time when you play the most aggressive in side lane is when your teammates are pressuring the map. And the time where you play the most passive in side lane is when your teammates aren't doing anything. So when they're basing or dead farming Gromp, that's when you play more respectful. But you can see right now, even though I'm 800 HP and no mana, I'm a free kill. My teammates are pressuring. They're playing aggressive. So now they have to choose between helping their team fight in this top river, top jungle, or answer me in the top tower. So even if they killed me, that might be the difference between my team winning the fight or not, pulling somebody away. And if they don't answer me, then I get that big juicy tier two. So here I back away. And the reason I'm going to stay here on the map is just because I'm close to Bork and I don't want a team fight. If this was a game where my team was playing well, I wanted a team fight, I would base straight away. But here, I'm going to stay and greed for my Blade of the Ruin King. But I notice Yuro walks up, Rick's in the area. So, of course, I'm going to come up and play for this kill here. So, we get a nice little freebie. I'm going to queue onto him. Hold my E for a little bit to make sure I'm not Eing when I'm stuck in the cage. When I'm out of the cage, now it's time to go and just lethal tempo this guy's head off. Click away from the maiden base straight away. And now I've got my bork. Now, my 1 v one potential is so high as you'll see very shortly. And you can see dragon and both up in 20 40 seconds in a normal game where we're even or we can win a team fight. I would go there. This is not that case. I need to be creating pressure. I need to pull people away from those objectives, especially with my bork build. My team fighting so weak, so I go top here. I notice TF greeds a little bit. So, we're going to be going for this kill. So, using the Rexai tunnels as a little leap frog played this really well. I was holding my E. I reacted to his Q thinking his W and actually buffed W perfectly through my stun. So, actually as best as he can, but I can still kill this guy. So, notice I'm not flashing on him right now. And I little click back here. So, he can't stun me when my E is down. But now my E's back up. I'm going to be flashing in as soon as he leaves this bush here. So, flash in. Waited for the stun card to drop off as well. And now it's time to go. Able to burst him through. So, you'll see the time to play the most aggressive is when your team is doing stuff on the map when they're pressuring. Right now, my team is pressuring dragon, which is why I played that aggressive. Even if they sent three people to stop me, we get two objectives for free. Definitely worthwhile. So, I get the kill. I make Yo answer to me. And then I base and I run straight to this fight cuz I don't really have time to pressure top before this Artakan. So I go here and you can see not leashing it yet again. I'm the jungler's worst nightmare. But it's just more important. We have way more important things to do like pressuring side lane. So I do that here. But this was a mistake. So this is kind of a good showcase of what not to do when your teammates aren't pressuring the map. That's when you play respectful. My team has to base. They just did artican. They did a great job. So I should not be playing aggressive here. So Pantheon's in kills me here. But you can see the power of lethal tempo bour versus strong side lane champs like Garrick. I'm able to turn and get a kill onto him. So, it's not the end of the world. So, at this point, I'm actually okay to team fight. Double Ruby. It might seem like a tiny bind, but look how big my HP bar is. And with a lot of resistances from Jack's old team, I'm definitely more willing to team fight now than I was before I had this little spike here. So, heading back onto the map. This is a situation where which lane you go to doesn't matter that much. Dragon and Baron both up in 3 minutes, so there's no real next objective for ages. The reason I'm going bottom is because tier 2 is up. So, I'd rather be there than top. So, I look to make pressure. Yok does the same thing top. And while they answer him, they've got TF answering me. But again, Jax is such a great pick into TF here. He can just barely do anything. I can just ignore him and hit the tower and get it in just two waves. So, I break the tier two, push the wave, and now I'm looking for a play. I push in bottom. Made Pantheon answer. I'm okay to take a skirmish or a team fight now. So, push in, just steal the wave cuz I have nothing else to do. And then I'm just going to ward jump away and be perfectly fine here. So this is a situation where even though I have a split pushing build, this is dragon soul. It doesn't matter what you're building. If dragon soul or baron or elders up, everything you do in the game must be for that objective. So I run straight here out of base looking to join this fight because if I went top and they take a 5v4 without me, and we don't get dragon salt, that could be a game- losing mistake here. But I went a little bit too early, so I had to flash out here. I thought TF would stun me. His stun card just dropped off. So, I flash QE. Rexai was a little bit late here. You know, junglers, they need to farm golems before a dragon soul fight. There's no way they can be here early, but I should have played around at 100%. So, walking in here, trying to get Rick to go first. And now, I'm just going to be playing off this team fight. So, this is a fight where I played a you can see the weakness of Bour where if I have Sun Sky and like seek his arm guard here, I can go pretty crazy. But because I don't, you'll see I go in, get as much damage down as I can, and just die straight away. But I still got a lot of work done. Our team was strong at this point. So we're able to win the fight. So you can see the differences between this game and the previous one where the previous game I mainly focused on team fighting and great tempo. This game I was trying to create as much pressure inside as possible and gain resources through there. And the reason for that my team was so far behind previously. Our comp wasn't that good at team fighting at that point in the game. That was better for me to do that through side lane. Gain some resources, create pressure, get strong, and then join the team fights later on. Moving on to team fighting. And this game right here has a lot of good examples of what a good team fight on Jax looks like. And as you can see by the game, very, very close performance in a team fight matters a lot. You can see my mid and my AD carry kind of aliens at this point. I'm the guy that has to be the difference maker here as I'm the one that's the strongest in this game. So you can see straight away from my positioning, I'm trying to get a more of an angle. I really don't want a front to back. I'm trying to play up here. Try to get a more creative angle from the side. You don't have to get a deep super, you know, cannon smid flank from the back, but a little angle from the side is perfectly fine here. Now, this is where it gets tricky. When they face trick you, if they spot you, if they see you, you need to be very patient. You need to master the steering contest on Jax. Jax is the king of the steering contest because nobody can engage onto you. You've got ward jump E. You're so hard to get to pin down. So, Jax is really good at just pressuring the backline. The longer I stand there, the harder it is for them to walk up. Either you guys have to walk up, follow in your front line, follow up your Zenzel, follow up your Leona or and risk me flanking you, or you just have to stare at me as well. So, my value is going to be high regardless. So, they go in, my Z goes in, I guess, and they go on to him. So, I'm able to get a good angle in the end. So, you can see the moment TF threw his stun card onto my Azir's head. Good human shield there, I go in onto their Lucian, burst him really quickly, I stun him before he dashes the wall, and just get as much damage as possible, and then kite out, start fighting the Zen here. So you can see we won this fight purely from my positioning. It was so hard for them to follow up their team and when they saw an angle they couldn't resist my trying to dash onto Leona for fun. I was able to get my flank. If they didn't go in, I would have stayed there until the moment looked right. That's the important part of flanking well. You need to hold your position and be confident and wait for the moment to strike instead of just rushing into all your abilities straight away. Really important to hold your spells on jacks and wait for the right moment. So skip to the next fight. It was round 24 if I remember correctly. The next important fight. So, this one was another difficult one. You can see here they're engaging on my team. My jungle gets caught out. Mid is late to the fight and I've got yet another flank position. I didn't group up with Pantheon. I'm going from a flank trying to jump over the wall straight onto Lucian. Now, this is where holding spells becomes very important. Why do I need to E right now? When he's stunned, he's already stunned. I don't need to E. I have no risk of being auto attack. So, I hold on to my E. I start hitting him. I wait until now, just before Leona turns and tries to queue me. I get my E up. So you can see I'm not just queuing straight away. Lead with Q auto and try to hold on to me for the right moment. Able to use it here and block the Leona Q and then kill the Lucian here. So really good discipline on E is really important on Jax. And here if I use my Zas correctly, I would have been the king, but I just got chain CC and died. But it's still fine. You can see a good example of holding E at the beginning of this fight. And my positioning as well, always looking for those flanks. And then for our final fight around 26 minutes here. So you can see yet again the fight starts by my jungler getting caught out. We're seeing the pattern there. I'm just kind of watching him. You can see the steering content doesn't just apply to the enemy team. If your teammates are ining play it chill, put my E up in case TF stuns me and just burst him straight away. So go in. Here I've got Seeker's arm guard. I feel confident to play this one a bit more aggressive. And here I'm trying to find an angle to go into them, but Lucian dashes away. Not able to get it. So here I'm just clicking forward, following up my Pantheon E. You can see here the little click to the side and then flash forward. The little slick back cannot be underrated. If they see you running at them, they're going to expect you to flash in. But if you do a little click away like I did here, makes them get that full sense of security. Then you can flash in and get the stun off. Really, really good to use flashy instead of QE. Way harder for them to react to it. And for our next team fight, I've picked yet another difficult one. So again, where my teammates are all far behind. You'll see really shortly when I get the tab going. Jungle, mid, support, all really great players. So we're going to have to play well yet again. So, these are the best fights to watch. As you can learn the most, a game where your team's all playing well, it's just way too easy. So, you can see they're pushing in. Three of my teammates are caught out. So, I'm going to have to play this fight quite slowly. So, playing it patiently, waiting for them to commit to the tower, dodge the recard W, and then I go in here. So, you can see I'm walking towards them, trying to bait abilities, bait the Zerafi or the Rakan W, anything, and then go in for the start and click back straight away. Sometimes you just want to end the trading CC, not just in lane in the team fight as well. I can't just sit there and bash solution down. I'll die. So double stun into click backwards bait him in then obviously him and the zeraf combo. You can see just buying a lot of time. Jackson team fights I would say modern day Jax is less about you know jumping on the enemy AD carrying and beating their hidden. It's more about buying time and making as much space as possible with your E Z and E combo which is why Zas is such a powerful build on him. And then yet again you know we hate front to backing. We're going for a TP flank. So looking for these nice flank opportunities whenever you can especially with your TP. And I'm going to leave with movement here. Never have a Q straight away lead with movement and then the reason I jumped here I'm initially I'm walking towards him to put pressure onto him to use his E. Pretty sure he used it in hindsight though but here I didn't know that. Click to the side and then Q stun him ulti and to burst him. Team's able to follow up here. So you can see I made it hard for him to flash my combo with the slick back yet again. The little step to the side before committing. It's just too easy if you run straight at them. The little click away makes it more difficult for them to react to it. So get his flash here and then just let my he be the meat shield. Go in and then just bash everyone down. Flash E onto Lucian. Yet again flashy such a powerful tool. Really hard to dodge and we're able to turn the game from this fight alone. After this the next fights weren't anything special, but that was definitely the gamechanging play. You can see that weaving in and out the fight style. Really, really important. You need to be realistic. Can you jump on the AD carry and kill them and tank their CC, tank their damage in a close or a losing game? Probably not. you need to be cutting in and out that fight. And then that combined with always looking for flank opportunities was why we're able to win this game from that fight alone. And for our final example, I wanted to showcase my favorite Jax team fight of all time. I refuse to make a Jax guide without showing this clip as it's just the most impressive Jax team fighting I've ever seen. So, as you can see here, BLG is far behind. This is Binge Jack's best Jax player in the world in my opinion, apart from me, of course, and he's got this really good flank here, making it really uncomfortable for them. So, his positioning alone really on point in this fight. But what's the most impressive part is how he held his abilities. So, holding spells is one of the most important team fighting fundamentals on Jax. And you'll see how he showcases it here. He's just constantly pressing them, staring at them the whole time, making it really uncomfortable for them. Kind of that sheep dog mentality, making it so hard for them. If they engage on his team, he'll get a flank. If they engage on him, like we talked about your jacks, you're so hard to get engaged on with your E, with your Q. In this case, flash as well. So, just ease the Tristana. Gets knocked back. burns the Rumble ulti, Tristana ulti, and yet again still flanking, still holding this position. His jungler even completely entered here, but he's still holding his grounded, making it really hard for them to go in. Then Ral gets the combo the moment he's been waiting for. But you can see even though that he got that good combo, he didn't try to flash follow because he's going to get locked down by Maokai. So waits for the Malai CC, flashes onto the Tristana here. So instead of panicking and following up this engage, holds his ground, burns the Maokai W, the Mala Q, and then flashes in, flashed on the Tristana, and then Q follows onto Kaiser. So able to really hard carry this fight from those two very important concepts alone. It's just my favorite fight to watch as that amount of discipline in a high stakes game when your team's behind, the coms are going crazy is just so impressive. So really showcases this class on this champion. So that can apply in solo Q as well as we just saw from our previous examples. Make sure when you're in that flank position, you're being patient, you're holding your ground, and you're waiting for the right moment to strike. Moving on to common mistakes. And for this one, I'm going to be going through the top three laning mistakes that I've seen and top three mid game mistakes as well from not only my Jax students from pretty much every rank, but also Jax players in general. So, starting with the laning mistakes, and the number one mistake by far has to be not crashing your wave decisively. Jax has pretty bad wave clear. You have resource problems with Mera and HP. So, if you're not crashing your waves, well, you are going to get stuck and especially if you champions with trading tools like Ambessa or Atrox or Gwen, your lane is going to be completely ruined. So, it's really important, not just for the first three waves, but at any point in the lane, the trick to it, the way to improve upon this is every time you're pushing towards your opponent, you ask yourself, do I want to slow push or hard push the wave? And if the answer is hard push, you need to nuke that wave and get it in as quickly as you can so that your opponent cannot block it. Now, the next mistake I see, leading every trade with Q. If your opponent is playing a champion that has to walk up to farm, which is pretty much most of them, you don't need to lead with your Q. Of course, if you versus a Jtop, you're going to have to lead with Q. But if you versus Morichiser, Darius, you know, any mele champion, they have to walk up to farm. So, if you lead with movement, stick out your chest, approach them, hold on to your Q, you can either continue the trade and chase them down, or disengage the trade by queuing away. This is also important versus champions with disengage. So, if you queue onto a Riven's head and get stunned, she's going to dash away. You're going to lose that trade. Same with Gregy, PoppyW. So many times to have disengaged. If you lead with Q, you're going to lead lose a trade. But if you lead with movement, you have a much higher success rate. And the final one, not ending your trade in CC. There's that one auto attack I see almost every time where Jax jumps onto someone's head, stuns them, and greeds that one auto because in your mind they're stunned. I want to get damage down while he's CCed. But now, because you took so much time to get that extra auto, they're going to retrade onto you. Of course, that doesn't mean to never order them and they're stunned. If you want to run them down of lethal tempo, of course you can. Or if they can't retrade, maybe they use their abilities onto you and then you jumped onto them and stun them. Yeah, you can get that extra auto down. But I've seen it way too many times where someone would stun a set or a Gwen, something like that, and get that one little auto attack and then their stun duration expires and now they get retraded onto you where if you just walked away when they were stunned, the trade is going to be a lot better for you. And for our midame mistake, so the number one is of course oversplit pushing. The rule to follow for this one is relatively straightforward. If you can't make progress inside 1 v one, you crash the wave and look for a fight. So make progress implies maybe you can kill them or break the tower out from underneath them. If you can't do that cuz maybe you're 1 or 0 and you're just going to get ran down by whatever champion you're versing if you try to ignore them and hit the tower, then you look for the play instead. So if you can't make that progress because someone's there at holding it and you're not strong enough to ego them 1 v one, then look for a fight instead. Of course, that rule is easier said than done. How do you know if you can make progress or not? That's going to come with experience. And if you ever don't know, and there's no big fight that you're missing out on. You can experiment and see if you can do it. But just be wary, especially versus champions with conquer or lethal tempo. Champs good in long trades. They might be able to kill you even if you're ahead because they're starting the trade against you by fully stacking up their rune. Now, the next mistake I see is blowing your abilities the second a fight begins. Now, this mistake is not Jack specific. I see this on every champion in the game, but on Jax matters a lot more because if you jump in and QE, now you're stuck there. Sometimes you want to just Q, hold on to E. Sometimes you don't want to queue at all. You need to be changing your default to when a fight breaks out. You're playing patiently because Jax is not engaged. Even though, yeah, you've got a dash and a stun. You're not Alistister. You're not Leona. You don't want to go in or you're not Malight. You don't want to go in and tank all their ability and all their CC. You want to go in at a time that's good for you. Get your damage down and your CC. So, normally your follow-up secondary engage or you go in onto the back line when the enemy front line is going onto your teammates instead so that you can't get CCD and locked down. And finally, poor E usage and skirmishing. So, a good E is going to be in a situation where you can't get spaced out or canceled or locked down. It's going to look a little something like you directly get to their opponent and stun them or maybe you are flash stun something like that. Get a two of three men. But if you just, let's say, Nordless goes in, hooks your teammate, and you put your E up and hit him and stun him. That is a bad E usage. You don't want to be using your CC on low value targets. It's pretty rare to get two E off unless you have zas. Sometimes we can, but it's really important that you optimize your E usage in fights and review them and seed because if you go in with your Q, but you still have your E up, you have a little bit of room to play. But if you go in without with your E down or if you go in and waste your E and you just get CCD. So for example, you jump onto the enemy AD carry with QE and then you get Alistister knocked away. Really bad E. But the Alistister combos your teammate or they combo you first and you held on to your E. Now you've got E up. Now you still have your Q. It's going to be a lot better. So of course it's really specific when to use your E. And it is a difficult skill to work on. Just make sure you're putting that the time into it. And your default when a fight begins should not be to smash Q and E straight away. it should be to take a breath, approach the fight patiently, and wait for your moment to strike. Moving on to Jax's identity and the mindset you should have when playing this champion. And the best way to describe Jax, in my opinion, in terms of his identity, is he has the perfect middle ground between sidelaning and team fighting, probably the best out of all champions in the game where he's really good at both. where if you compare him to champions like I rally champions like Fiora who are better than Jax at sidelaning they really fall off in team fights compared to him where another champion like an Atrox or a Renekton might be a little bit better than Jax in a team fight early game they don't have that same amount of sidelaning threat so Jax is that perfect middle ground which gives you a lot of options in the game if you can play well in your lane consistently you have more options in the mid game than most top lane champions so your avenue to win the game is a lot more flexible now he also spikes extremely hard on his first and his third item. So when you hit your Triforce, you want to be getting a lot of work done. And when you hit your third item, normally Zas with level 16, you're really powerful in a team fight as well. Where his second item spike is just not quite as strong compared to other champions where a champ like Camil champs like Fiora, they just keep getting stronger. First item, second item, third item. It just keeps going up. Jax, you do have a little bit of a dip. I wouldn't say you're weak at second item if you played your lane well, but your first and your third item spikes are significantly better. So make sure you're playing around those as well if you can. He also has, I would say, out of all top lane champs in the game, one of the most complex matchup spreads out of all of them. The reason for that is most champions that you play have patterns that you can follow that work most of the time. Everyone knows Garen's pattern. Warwick has the pattern of course. You just keep pushing, trading HP, Volibear's pattern. Most top lane champions in the game have these patterns that will work a lot of the time. That doesn't mean matchup knowledge is not important on any champion, but Jax, your trade patterns are not really that intuitive where Garren's easy example. Q E use W on the CC. Relatively straightforward. And then play respectful until your abilities are back up. Where with Jax, some games you need to lead with movement auto W. Some games you need to queue directly onto their head and hold your E. And sometimes you it changes depending on in the exact same game depending on the situation. They might be full HP, so you have to lead with movement and then when they're low, you can lead with Q. There are so many different ways that you can play out your trade patterns, and we'll be going through them in this guide, but it makes it really difficult in terms of the matchup spread. So, if you are planning to play the jacks, make sure you're committing longterm because you need to become very good at your matchups, not just good at the champion in more of an individual level. Now, in team fights, I'd say his identity is he's one of the best champs at making space. Again, his identity is different modern day jacks where he used to just jump on someone's head and just beat them to death. But now, you're really good at making space, especially utilizing your ZA as well. You can go in, you can CC people, you can jump back out, or maybe you flash in Q out, jump in zas, stuff like that. you're really good at making space because you have a lot of threat on the backline. You don't have enough threat to just jump on them and kill them like you might be able to do on Inessa or Olaf at times. Of course, if you're Tenno, of course, you can do it. But in most games where you're just threatening the backline, you don't have the threat to kill them, but you have enough threat to make them really hesitant to walk up, really uncomfortable to play. So, you make a lot of space for your team in that aspect. And then when you do go in, you can buy a lot of time. Now, the final point for his identity, you can break the game when you pick him in the right situations. There are some team comps you're going to verse on Jax that are borderline unlusable if you play well, especially champions that have high auto attacks like a Graves or champions that rely on auto attack based CC like Twisted Fate. Jax is going to be pretty much unbeatable in those games. Granted, you play well in your laning phase. Even if you're counterpicked, the champ's value is still going to be extremely high, but we'll touch on that more in the drafting section. Now, for the mindset, so what do you want to be thinking as you head into a game as Jax? Keep in mind, you're a very, very resource dependent champion. In the early game, you have pretty high mana costs and you don't have any HP sustain apart from second wind or whatever you want to take. So, you have to be very very disciplined with your back timer. Your back timer has to be your top priority over everything. There's so many match ups on Jacks where you might be winning, you might be doing well, you miss one recall timer and now you're stuck there low HP, low mana, anything like that. Maybe you greeted your sheen. That's a really common mistake that I see. Or greeting a tower plate. If you miss your back time, you are going to be screwed because the longer the lane goes before people base, it's going to benefit the enemy champion you versus most of the time because Jax is one of the more resource hungry champions that you're going to play. So, make sure you're really aware of that and you value your back timer very highly. Now, if you get your Triforce even or slightly ahead, you're going to be able to beat most champions that you verse. You're going to be in a really good position. However, it's not like Camil where on Camille, I like to teach chill until triforce. That doesn't mean do nothing. Of course, if you can win lane, win lane. But Camil, you're okay to play the game a bit slower. Jax, if you can win your lane, win your lane. Take good trades, play volatile, try to get ahead, but just keep in mind that you don't need to feel pressured to get fed. The reason you want to get fed, of course, it's easier to carry the game. And there are a lot of matches where you can realistically get guaranteed advantages. But again, if you're ever respecting jungle, you're getting pressured. Don't feel like I have to get fed. I don't want to respect jungle here. It's fine. If you can chill until triforce, you're going to be perfectly fine if you're even or ahead. So don't feel too pressured to get fed to the point where it's making you make mistakes in the game. Now, you want to use your strong sidelane threat always. Every game that you play, you want to be using it. Even in the game where you can just win every single team fight, you still want to use sideline as a way for you to get farm and XP, but also to create pressure. You always want to be pulling people to you. If they come to you, then you can make a 5v4 team fight. If they don't, you can break a tier two. You need to be using that in every game that you play. Even in a game where you can't break the tier two, so maybe you can't hit a 1 v one or anything like that, you still want to use your side lane pressure to maintain good farm and XP, but also to pull people away so they can't just group up as five people cuz a lot of champions might be stronger than you in a 5v5 or some games our bot lane might lose. I know it never happens and we're going to lose the team fight. So you need to be using your side lane pressure to be that difference maker getting the most out of your champion or else you might as well just play malight and a you don't want to be aing on jacks. You don't want to be only split pushing on jacks. you need to really develop that skill set of using side lane to pull people away from where they want to be, probably a dragon fight or something like that. And then you can make that numbers advantage fight. And finally, for the mindset, in terms of team fighting, your goal on Jackson, a team fight is not to kill the AD carry and make the 06 Ash07. Your goal is to make as much space as possible. So you want to play the team fights very patiently. You want to hold the backline. You threaten the back line. No front to backing. You want to be threatening the backline, but hold your abilities. Play patient. Put pressure on them. make it really uncomfortable for them to play because it's really hard for them to engage onto you cuz you have your E, you've got ward jumps, you have flash. But if you go onto them and you tank all their CC and you queue in, you're stuck. You're probably going to get killed if you don't have zas, especially these mid game team fights. So just put a lot of pressure onto the backline, wait for someone else to start the fight, maybe your Alistister gets a good combo, maybe their Alistister gets a good combo on your teammates, and then you can go in cuz that CC is going to be down. So make sure you're playing team fights quite patiently. Next up, I'm going to be going through how to learn Jack step by step. just to give you a rough outline of what you should be prioritizing at certain stages of your Jack's journey. So, level one Jack. So, at this point, you should have already watched this whole guide. Of course, the whole 3-hour movie is no light work or at the very least the majority of it so that you have a good understanding of what winning a game on Jax looks like. So, the first thing you want to do is load into a training tool. I'd say every day would be great. 5 minutes before you play your first game of the day. Don't stay in there for an hour or anything like that. Just 5 minute warm up and get the hang of his auto attacks. So, you're probably expecting me to say comboing. And of course, some light combo practice will be great, too. But Jax's auto attacks, you need to be very careful with them. They are a little bit clunky when you first play him, and you need to practice moving between auto. So, auto move, auto move, especially with lethal tempo. The timing is going to change. The reason why Jax's auto attack animation has a bit of a buildup, but also your attack speed changes because of your passive and in some games lethal tempo. So, you need to become very comfortable with it. Now, on top of that, you're practicing your auto reset. So auto W and Q auto W is important cuz a lot of Jax plays QW. When Q auto W, you get the auto attack reset, extra auto in there. Where QW, you're really nerfing the amount of damage you're getting in your burst combo. So really important that you practice that and just become very confident overall with your autoting, with your resets and moving in general, and then some light combo practice as well at the end for a little bit of fun and just getting some comfort in that as well. Now, after that, your main goal every game that you play and for your review is your first four waves need to be consistent. You need to be either decisively crashing wave two or wave three every game. Again, I've got a full video on that if you ever want to take a look at it and get more of a better understanding of how to execute that. But, if your wave gets stuck on jacks, you're going to lose most of your matchups. You need to become very, very clear, really concise on when we're crashing wave two, when we're crashing wave three, because if you fail that execution and your opponent knows what they're doing, you're going to be in a very tough spot. So that needs to be the step one, the thing that you work on the most. Now after that, practice ending your trade and CC. So this is going to be important in volatile matchups. So say up against a set or a Darius, you stun them and you get that one greedy extra auto attack that Jax players like to get. Now they're going to hit you back. Now set's going to E punch your head in and W you. Darius will pull you back in. But if you end the train CC and disengage straight away, so they can't hit you back, then you respect until your E is back up, you're essentially getting a full burst combo for free. So, make sure you're ending your trade in your CC and practicing that well. Some matchups you might not even be able to queue onto them. You might need to approach with movement, stun them, and then queue away. Again, ending your trade CC. So, you need to get the hang of that so that you're not winning a trade and then getting on after so the trades are going pretty even when you could be gaining more so HP advantages. Now, after this, start to think about leading with movement or queuing onto their head. Think about it before you queue. Don't think with your queue, think of your head and decide ahead of time what you think is going to be better in the situation. So, for an easy example, if you're full HP and your opponent's half HP, let's say they're playing like a Jace or something and you queue auto W and he knocks your way, that trade's going to be great for you. But what about the reverse? What if he's full HP and you're low? Now, you don't want to lead with Q. You want to lead with movement, try to make him eat your way, then queue onto his head or maybe a Gragas as well. Lead with movement, he body slams you, and then you queue follow. Start to think more about when you're leading with movement or when you just can queue on to their head so that you don't get yourself in a situation where you queue in, you get fully bursted by like a cannon and then he chases you down the lane auto attacking you and you get destroyed in that trade. Try to think about it in advance. And if you actively decided, I want to queue on this guy's head. Looks like fun. And you do it and you get on. You're going to learn a lot more than just mindlessly queuing every time. And for and finally in the mid game, make sure you get your lane assignments fixed first. So, the balance of when to split push and when to team fight is going to be a tricky one. But the level one of that is making sure lane assignment is good. If dragon's up in a minute and you're split pushing bottom tier two, you're just going to get ganked and die. You cannot make pressure next to that dragon because they all want to be there anyway. It doesn't matter if you pull them to bottom. They want to be there getting vision and playing for dragon. You need to be pulling people away from the objective. So, to do that, you want to be going to the opposite side of the next objective and trying to create a numbers advantage. Now, for level two, at this point in your Jax's journey, you should feel very confident in your first four to five waves. That doesn't mean you do it perfectly every time or you always win lane. Of course, nobody does. But what it should mean is you have a pretty good idea of when to crash wave two or wave three and how to do it decisively so that your early game goes quite smoothly the majority of the time, but again, not every time. You should also feel quite confident with your Q, auto W, auto W, just in general weaving in auto attacks, your auto resets, and just autoing in general without canceling too many. and just feel like mechanically on the champion, you feel at a decent base level. Now, when you get to this point, this is where you need to start the more advanced part of buffering your W. You can buff your W through pretty much any CC. Riven Q3, Gragas E, you know, any for Renekton W, stuff like that. So, you need to be practicing this very consistently. You need to be thinking about it as you enter your matchup, any lane with CC and trying to buffer your W through it. Even Camille Eingu onto the wall, you can buff your W through that. So pretty much any CC you play up against, you need to be trying to buff your W through that to especially if you can proc your grasp as well. It's going to make the trade very efficient because while you are CCD, your W's going to be ticking on the cool down. You get the free damage. So you're probably going to get a second W up. But if you get Riven Q3, then Riven Wedded, then she's going to dash away. You're probably not even going to get one opportunity to W her, let alone two. Now, after this, this is where you need to start to pre-plan the long trade versus short trade mentality. And this is something a lot of players struggle with on champions like Jax or champions Yon that are good at both, but this is where you need to think about it in a lot more detail. So any matchup, and it might change depending on the game you're playing, but you need to be thinking, what type of trades do I want? So for example, up against a set, you probably want to take a short trade against him until he's low HP and then go for your all-in, especially if he has ignite cuz his champion is really good at long trading and if you tank his W, you're going to lose. where another matchup say versus a let's say a Camil's good at short trading you're going to win the long trade so you need to be thinking about this in detail and if you get it wrong if you decide I want a long trade and you take it and you get killed it's going to be very obvious very quickly and then you review it you see if it's execution or if you just should have short traded there and try to really build up that intention so that you can know when to do each one so now at this point as well a lot of your review time and that should be in the early lane but specifically on situations where your wave gets stuck if If your wave is ever stuck with kind of the casters under the tower or they have a freeze or anything like that, you need to review that in detail and find out why and try to prevent that happening again and improve on that skill set because Jax is one of the worst champions if your lane gets stuck because you have no way no wave clear. You have no way to kill the minions under tower. You're a resource hungry champion, manner and HP. So if you miss your time into base, your lane is ruined compared to a champ like Atrox or champism. You've got these big abilities that can get you out of jail. Jax, you don't have anything like that. So if your wave ever gets stuck, you need to review it. And unless it's very, very extreme jungle gap, then you need to work on what happened there. Now, on top of this, your back timer has to be your top priority on Jax no matter what. So you need to make sure they're very consistent. If you greed for a plate or help your jungler do grubs, I hope not, or help them in top river and you miss your back timer, you need to take this very, very seriously cuz this can ruin your lane. I've seen so many of my Jack students, they winning lane the whole time. They maybe even get a kill. They greed one extra tower plate. Their opponent comes back and now your lane is ruined because you're a low mana jack with half HP. You can't play the game anymore. So back timer has to be the top priority. And then finally, this is where a little bit of your focus can be on team fighting. Start to review your patience. Jax is a champion where you need to pick your moment to go in very well. If you queue in and you tank the rail combo and charm and all that, you're just going to die and do nothing. But if you play it slow, you wait for someone else to engage or wait for the right moment to strike, you're going to have a much higher success rate. So make sure you review your moments in a fight and see, nice, that was a good time to go in or even though that fight worked. I think I went in too early. I got lucky, you know, the reh was missing charm or something like that. Start to review the moments you went in, even if they go badly or if they go well and seeing if you picked the right moment, and then trying to optimize that in the long run. And finally, we have level three. And at this point in your journey, you shouldn't have to really think about your ability usage that much. It should feel very natural to you when to short trade or long trade, when to lead with movement, when to lead with Q. You shouldn't have to be thinking about it that much, especially in lane, and which will open up your mental stack to work on other aspects of your gameplay. But if you feel like you're not even or ahead consistently in your matchups, because there's not really any lanes that you play where you should be getting killed or it's, you know, in their control to kill you or not. Worst case, if you're playing in higher ranks, maybe you're up against a great Kenan or Aurora player, you're down 20 CS, maybe a plate or two into Ni or Jace or something. Other than that, if you're not even or ahead consistently, you need to be putting more time into that. You should be getting to triforce and not be behind. Now, after that, make sure playing for plates in lane is your next step. Of course, if you get a kill or if you get a big CS gap, that's great. But playing for plates is the fastest way to progress the game. If you can break plates from underneath them, utilizing your demolish well and explode the first tower, especially that's how you're really going to explode the game and carry. So, especially if you're playing in ranks below master, I'd say it's really important for you to develop that skill set when you feel really confident on jacks and the matchups that you play in. Now, you need to start to make progress on the tower. Then, the next step is for the mid game, when to group and when to split push. So, this is one of the most important skill sets on Jacks in the Midame because if you make a mistake, you miss a major fight that you should be at or maybe miss a tier two and join a fight that you shouldn't, it can lose you the game. So, you need to be really on top of it, on top of your reviews and thinking about it in the game. Dragons up in 30 seconds. Do I actually want this fight or should I go top and make pressure? Or maybe I'm top, you know, dragons up in 2 minutes, but they're playing aggressive mid. Should I stay here and pressure or look for that flank? You need to be constantly thinking about it and not be that Jax player that only split pushes or the Jax player that Agrams all the time. You need to really hit that middle ground. Extremely important later on in your Jack's journey when you feel like you have a good understanding of how to lane and team fight. And after that, for team fighting, I would say your positioning is going to be very important because you want to be flanking, but you don't have to do a deep super flank like a cannon fiveman flank. You can just attack from a side angle. So start to review your positioning heading up to the team fight and see if you could have made it a bit more pressuring. See if you could have stood in a situation that puts more pressure on the opponent's backline without giving any threat to yourself. and make sure you're not overflanking to the point where they can just turn onto you too easily or front to backing too much to the point where you're not threatening their backline at all because you don't want to be in a situation where you're tanking their CC and you can't threaten their backline without having to go through their front line. And then finally, develop your matchup understanding. So, of course, the matchup section for this guide should make it a lot easier for you not to pat myself on the back too much. So, you can always skip to that when you see enchant select, but your journey is going to be different to mine. So, you're going to make different mistakes than I'm used to seeing. So, you need to be playing the matchup that you're versing and write down what's going wrong. Maybe you followed my advice in the guide and it went well, but then later on in the matchup you started losing, you need to start reviewing the matchups and writing down what went wrong and then try and do one thing differently, one or two things better next time, especially matchups that you struggle with. If you beat, let's say, a set every time, of course, you don't have to put that much time into review. But if you feel like you normally lose to Renekton or normally lose to Garen, you need to be seeing what you're doing wrong. Maybe you gave them a trade when your E was on cool down or maybe you queued onto their head when you should have lead with movement. You need to be thinking about what specific mistakes you're making to that matchup. Take a note of it so they remember it a lot better and maybe even try to watch a V of it as well and really try to kind of tick off your matchups one by one until you have a complete understanding of the majority of them. Moving on to a full game review where I talk you through exactly what I was thinking throughout this entire game. And this is a pretty recent one, I think a couple of days ago. And I wanted to pick this one because I ran Lethal Tempo and Ignite into Gwen. So volatile setup, volatile lane, and it really changes how you play the mid game, especially you don't really have TP. So there are a lot of good takeaways from this one. And my teammates also didn't play very well. So I definitely had to put on the carry pants. You can see straight away not off to the best start. Somehow Rakan getting caught out. So we're going to have to get to work. So level one versus Gwen. You can see I'm deep warding the river because I know I'm going to play really aggressive. I'm going to play really volatile. And the number one thing for this matchup is holding your E. You cannot waste your E cuz then she has a lot of freedom to walk up and hit the wave. So, I'm trying to fight her back here away from the wave and make her work for the XP. Make her walk through me to get the XP here. Look how long I'm holding my E. I've tanked a few autos. Tank the minions. I don't care. I cannot use my E at a bad time. One thing to keep in mind for this matchup, too. As soon as she auto attacks you, you know if she started Q or E. So, now I know that she started E, so she's trying to dodge my E with her E, which is really common in this matchup. So, I'm holding it. I refuse to use it. I'm waiting for you to E because if she has her E enhanced attack speed and damage, and my E is down, I'm going to get destroyed. So, I hold it until now. The reason I use it now is cuz I know she has to walk through me to get away cuz she is close to my tower. So, I'm able to get a lot of value from it and then I flash to follow her E and get the stun and then keep bashing her down. So, this level one has taken me a lot of fine tuning to get the hang of. It's definitely a bit more difficult than it looked, but just make sure holding your E is the most important thing. Being really disciplined with it and trying to force that trade without touching the wave. The good thing about me not touching the wave here. You can see right after this kill, you can see I use my E, holding on to my Q until she dashes away as well. It's another good Jax fundamental there. Waiting for the dash. Get the kill. The good thing about me not touching the wave is now it's coming back towards me. So I can recall straight away. Remember our back timer is our top priority. So I get that off and come straight back to lane with a kill and zero farm. So Ignitely full tempo special right there. So now the wave's hit. I'm going to be pushing out and looking for a trade. I missed a bunch of farming. which is kind of unlucky to be honest in terms of the HP threshold, but I want to use my level three verse two. So, another good Jax trading pattern using your Q without using your E. So, I Q here, auto W, just beat her down and don't use my E cuz if I use my E here, she'll dash away. So, I just hold on to it. My Q cool down is significantly shorter than my E, almost half of it. So, it's better for me to hold it here. So, I had to use my Q there. Of course, can't give up the cannon, but I'm trying to make her miss it. So, I'm putting a lot of pressure when her cannon gets low. You can see walking behind her, leading with movement. So many of the Jax fundamentals we tal about showcased in this matchup. Use my E now. Hold my Q the whole time. The reason I popped E early here is cuz I didn't want her to walk out of the the thing here. So wanted to stun it before I was out of the range. So keep fighting her here. Holding on to my Q this whole time. You can see. And then finishing her off with the Q. So really good start there. So triple sword. The reason I went triple sword 700 gold of course. Best recall like best buy could have done. But even if I had fage money, I probably still would have gone triple sword. As with Lethal Tempo, I prefer just having as many blades as possible. So, coming back to lane here and again, letting the wave come back in, leading with movement here. Got my E there. Popped it early before she dashed away. And then playing a bit differently when my E is on cool down. So, even though I'm ahead, I still have to respect if I tank a couple of QES unnecessarily, get too low, it can get, you know, it can fall apart. So, I'm playing off my level five and waiting for my next ear. So, I'm likely going to take a trade here because my ear is almost back up. So here we can see go for the W, Q, auto, and click away. But because I have lethal tempo, I'm going to be holding my ground and fighting her here. So get up a kill. So now we're off it to a really, really good start. She's kind of stuck there. Even if she ran away and recalled and didn't fight me back, the wave would have been frozen. So she would have been in a unplayable situation regardless. So here I went Ruby over Halfbound Axe just cuz Halfbound Axe is pretty terrible. So I'd rather just have more so closer to getting Sheen Fage cuz Halfbound Axe is just such a weak item. So coming back to lane now. So when the wave comes in, I'm going to look for a big trade. I want to take a trade now. Level 6v5 ideally, but you can see I'm still playing discipline. I'm not I'm 3 and0. I on this coin as hard as I can. I'm still trying to bait out OQ. So bait it out here and then I'll be looking for a trade. So there again, not using your E. You know what they're going to do. You know they might Fiora parry or Gwen Q away or pop, anything like that. You got to be anticipating that and holding on to your E. But here I use it. put my ulti just for the chunk cuz now she's so low that she can't really stay under tower. So even though my ulti doesn't kill her, it makes her too low to stay, but she does stay. So of course, we're going to be playing for this dive. So stacking up my passive and my ulti on the minions before I go for it. And then here we go. Auto W, put up my E, wait for the flash, and then Q follow her. So you can see I'm very, very patient with my Q all the time. Waiting for her to E, waiting for her to flash away. never really being in a situation where I queue onto her and then she dashes away and then I'm just stuck there sitting on my hands. So, one plate and recall because she has TPM and remember the back time is the top priority more so than the plate. Her TP is actually still down. No, there it is. A couple seconds off. So, right on schedule. So, normally here if I had enough gold for I would go fagee go sheen, sorry, but my inventory is actually full. So, better for me just to go fage and an extra dagger or something like that. Even though I've seen people go the haste, the glowing mo thing to get sheen faster on your next recall, I prefer dagger, especially with lethal tempo just because glowing moes pretty much not like not buying an item. You're not going to get two E or two Q's off in a trade or an allin. So, it's pretty much the same as not buying anything. I'd rather have that little bit of extra damage from dagger, a bit of extra attack speed, then going glowing mo. So, slow push here. So, this is where I've kind of got a switch in my mind now. Grubs are up soon. Their jungler could be playing top side. So, I really want to be playing for grubs and not getting ganked. My priority is right now is surviving because their mid jungle are really strong. Surviving the pressure they have over killing this for a fifth time, especially in this game where I'm the only guy playing well. If I make a mistake here, we can lose it. So, you'll see even though I'm quite fed, I'm not going to be playing that aggressively. Even though I'm ignite lethal tempo jacks, not dying here is way more important than growing my lead even more. So, slow pushing here, fishing for a little W and Q away. Seeing a little trade. I had full HP, so I wanted to put my regen to to work there. And then fogging down for these grubs. I'm not going to lease the grubs at all. Remember, we played for void grubs without really hitting them. So, I'm just going to eat fruit, hit the scrying bloom, and be ready for the fight. But, I saw Nautilus leaving, so I knew they weren't really going to fight it. So, I had a little look and go straight back to top. So, you can see because I crashed the wave cleanly, the wave bounces back to the center here. So, I can just slow push it as much as I can. It's kind of the pattern where you just stack two waves at a time, cleanly, crash it, bounce it back to the middle, and just make it so they bleed out farm. This feels a little bit nicer than the wave come all the way back here in the season. Sometimes I'll do that, but here it's pretty late into the game. She's already zero form. I'd rather just slow push waves, make her bleed out and queue onto her head whenever I can, just like this. Perfect timing, and click away. So, never using your E when you know they're going to dash away. Really, really consistent. So, this is where the game got a bit scary. I think my team got quadrick killed something like that. But my game plan's the same. Slow push this. And on my mind right now, I want to get to a triforce pretty cleanly without having any type of mistake cuz even though my score looks pretty nice, I've got fage and two swords. I'm not actually super strong at this point. So I'd rather play a bit more discipline, get my triforce before I really turn on the gas. So quadrickill from bottom. That's what you love to see when you're ahead. Your team taking a 4v4 down there at flipper. But we're going to be fine. So I'm going to go for the plate here most likely. Let's get the tower plate. cure wave and then grab my Triforce. But here she stopped my recall. So of course we went for the trade. We can't let her do that unpunished. So take a trade there. Get in this wave. She holds the wave. So I just base again. She's 04. I might have been able to dive her here. Something like that. But why take any type of risk when I'm so far ahead? Just get my Triforce without getting any type of risk. And now I can play more aggressive. So as soon as she gets back to lane, if you touch this cannon minion, I'm going to go. You can see I'm walking through her as I jump utilizing the triforce movement speed so that when she dashes back to tower I'm already cutting off her escape. So as we talked about walking behind them as Jacks making them run through you. So burn her flash there. Not going to flash follow. Not going to take three tower shots just to kill her. And maybe Viega was there something like that. Better for me to take her flash and just wall up her tower down. So doing exactly that. She TPS in again. You can see I'm mainly focused on the tower. I've completely shifted. I don't really care about killing the screen that much anymore. slow pushing waves and playing for the tower. So, this was a kind of a good takeaway as well. My jungler wanted to come top and play for tower, but I actually backped him. The reason for that, I can get it anyway. You see me top, I can solo it. Decided against it. Just backping him is enough. I'd rather him kind of play around bot side cuz if he comes top and we make Gwen go 05 and my vault lane gets double killed, it's going to be way worse. So, I'd rather just do it individually. Of course, if I couldn't do it myself, I would call him up, but we definitely can. It's a nice big slow push here. Crashing the wave and play for the tower. Really important to play for it on cannon wave as well because it takes him so long to kill the cannon. So you can see here just chip the tower down a little bit. Go for the trade. Get her low and then I'm going to go for the tower on the next wave here. So walk past her. Just beat down the tower. You can see shift your mindset when you're ahead of your opponent. The tower is way more important than just killing this guy 20 times and making him go zero. So you can see even there I'm not willing to flash follow for the kill. My flash is actually more valuable than her life. And then here, the reason I'm basing the rule I like to fall in, the rule I like to teach when you need a base, you base as soon as possible. And there I had around 200 mana. Why would I want to stay on the map and push and potentially take a skirmish when I'm so and500 gold as well? Better to base. So I went merk treads here. I don't typically like early merks into Gwen, but TF Varys have a lot and even Viego W. They have so much point click CC that I just need merc. So I'm going to get completely one shot. Even though I can block Twisted Fate W, I can't really block any of the other CC. And of course, MR is pretty nice into Gwen as well, even though I wouldn't normally buy it just for her. So, slow push this wave. Fog down. So, now that I have a lead, I want to be involved in the game. So, I'm fogging down here. Kind of looking for this, but they have support gap. They have jungle gap. So, I'm not going to go. The worst thing I can do here is throw the game. I actually did do a throw, a couple throws in this game, actually, but in terms of my mindset, I'm looking to make a high chance play. So, pushing the wave, look for a play. Can I make progress 1 v one? Not really this game cuz their support has got such a big gap. One v one I could actually, but I know I'm going to get ganked by support or jungle if I try to hit that top tier too. So I'm just controlling the vision, looking to flank mid whenever I can. Secure the wave. Fog down. Look for the play. And here we go. So this was my biggest throw of the game here. The reason I shouldn't go for this is because Zenzou is doing Rift Herald. So already it's probably not going to be a good play. I should have waited a little bit, played it slower. I felt pressured to go in cuz Z just got, you know, caught out. But I should have not gone in or even if I do go in, I should have played it slower here. So here I went on the Gwen as she tped in straight away. She flashed out. Good combo by AI there. And now I should stop. I've got nothing left. I've got no Q. I've got no E. My jungler's not here. I And as soon as Varys flashes here, I should just back ping and leave. This is my biggest mistake. I had nothing left in the tank and I still kept it going. Better just to click away here. It's fine if Nus dies and Oriana. I mean, yeah, Nice for Oriana is a perfect one for one. We could have just taken that. So, just make sure we learn from my mistake here. When your abilities are down, play the fight very, very patiently. I just got too excited. Everyone was 1 HP, but Oriana got a big ulti, but I had nothing to follow it up with, so should have played it slow. So, going Suned Sky here. I typically really like going MR item second versus Gwen. You probably heard me talk about it in the item section. The reason I'm not here is because I'm far ahead. I'm so far ahead, I don't need to. But if I was even or slightly losing, I would probably go kanic Rukun up against Gwyn so that I could beat her in side lane as Sun Sky pretty much does nothing in terms of the pure 1v one up against him, especially when she takes Ignite. So push in top, fog down. So I've made Gwen answer me. So I've created a 5v4 here. Exactly what we like to see onto Jax. So I went opposite side of the next objective, which was top, pushed it in, and then fog down, leading with movement, holding on to my Q. Unfortunately, I got cancelled just before I could eat, but we still get a free kill onto the not anyway. So really really good play. So other than that around LT nothing to see there but you can see the mindset push in the opposite side make the numbers advantage flank around mid and try to lead with movement if you can. So this was my second mistake after this I started playing team fights well I promise I'm low HP I should just call this off oran is caught out. That's fine. Backping back ping back ping. This is fine. I'm going in when I'm too low HP. Just no. Not worth it at all. Way too risky here. So after this I woke up a little bit and started playing the team fights a bit better. So here, next objective spawning is going to be Artakan. So normally I'd like like to go top here, but the reason I don't, Oriana was already going to go there. My team was already playing top side. So it's fine for me to play for bot tower here. So I do that just now. Go bottom, break the tower, get my item when we need a base. We base as soon as possible. So I grab my sun sky. And now I'm going to be looking to either kill the Gwent or look for a a fight around Adakan. So I push in bottom here. Fog up. Try to control this area. playing it quite slowly. Oriana's tping really far away for some reason. So these this is where I started playing the team fights a bit better with way more patience here. So go in, play it slowly. Just go on to the TF here. Really good target selection. Burst him down and pick up a nice kill. So here we play it slower. Oriana was farming mid, of course. That's what we love to see. Go onto the tri. You can see I'm always looking for the flank positions. Even this fight here, it kind of looks like a front to back, but I'm still attacking from more so the side here. You can see they're all down here. I'm attacking from a side angle. Really uncomfortable for TF. Was able to get a good angle. And then here as well, I tried to reposition into the try to get a flank around them, but good holding from VGO. So, play it slow here. Nothing really happened after this. We just held this position. I don't even think we could have gottak here. No, we eventually do get it. Nice. And Z was pushing mid. So, because Z's pushing mid, they had to answer and we got the other can win 180 neutral. Yeah, we don't want to see what he just did. That was very troll though. But now the next objective spawning is probably going to be the the dragon. So normally I like to go top. The reason I'm going bottom here is because Oriana is already top and I'm pretty sure they're not going to be able to kill her. They could kill her technically, but I was pretty sure it'd be fine. So I just go bottom and make a play onto Gwen. So the opposite side next objective is a general rule that you should be trying to do whenever you can, but if your mid can hold top fine and they're already there, it is okay sometimes to be a little bit more flexible. So we go bottom here. Try to go onto the Gwent. She flashes out though pretty short. Perfectly fine. And then I just overload here and play for the kill. So yeah, just holding this area trying to get the tier two. Play for dragon. You can see how fast we can break the tower down especially when we have the lingering lethal tempo stacks. Q buffer out of the Varys alulti proxy and then flash this and get out perfectly fine. I did stay a little bit too long. I should have queued just before Varys aled a little bit earlier, but it's not a issue. We're still going to be fine. B straight away za straight back to dragon. You can see even though I've got more of a split pushing build, if you want to call it that, with lethal tempo, I still want to be prioritizing team fights. Our comp is so good even though my team was behind. We have Rakan and Oriana, you know, a lot of good wombo combo. So, I was really confident in team fighting this game. If my team was playing like Pike and stuff, and I felt like we couldn't win a fight, then maybe I would have sidel. I'm just going to go on him. Of course, this fight's relatively easy. They have to fight in our vision. You can see we have such good control. It's very hard for them lead with movement yet again. You know the drill by now. Killed TF and because I held my Q from leading with movement, I have it for this follow-up here and able just to beat up their VGO and the Varys here. So this is where Lethal Tempo really feels good when you fight these types of champs like Viego, Vi, Leo, jungle champs, not just your matchup as well. So Oriana, another great old team, kill the Varys and then straight back to bottom. Do dragon cuz my jungle was dead. Normally I wouldn't like to leash dragon, but dead jungle you got to. And then just finish farming my ZAS. So now Baron is up. This is where I'm putting around her bottom on purpose because she has TP. You can see I hovered my mouse over it because I don't have TP. You don't always want to do that just cuz your mid has TP, but especially Baron or Soul or Elder. I can't afford a situation where I'm bottom and a Baron fight happens. So I'd rather put Oriana bottom even though there is a risk of her dying. So we can get full control of this area. So we get full vision. We hold the the area here. Our Z bases for like an it, you know, some crappy item. Nothing I can do about that. So I just push in the wave and then we play for Baron. So great pick by Oriana. She played well at this point after the 73 missed altis and now we just hold our baron control and kill them when they walk in. So here I'm just going to go on to Gwen. Viego normally you want to throw in backline but in a comp like this where Gwyn and Viego are their more useful champions especially Viego playing for just disrupting them can be more important. But if they had more frontlining team like a Casante, maybe Casante Poppy or Casante Siguani or so, you know, just those types of champions in general, then of course I'd be threatening the backline a lot more than I am in this game. So we get Baron, we base. We're in a really good position. Now you can see now I'm picking mid, bottom, and bot jungle. I don't want to play three lanes with this Baron. I just want to play two lanes. Kind of shrink that map so that we can make progress on their inhib. So push in top uh push in mid here. I I know he's going to stun me over the wall. So I E just ahead of time predicting it and then able to pick up a nice free kill. You can see how good Jax is into TF into any other champ in the game there. He can chuck his stun and click away versus Jax. It's not going to work. So feeling really good in this game. Pushing mid here. And from this point it's just a matter of closing out the game. Just being down the tower making the Gwen answer me here. And it was a pretty clean close out. So later on the game felt quite easy when everyone got our items. But I would say the main learning from this full game was how I played the lane. If I was not able to play the lane that well and snowball the way I did and maintain my lead consistently, I didn't throw in the early game, then risk dying to a gank or a dive. If I was not able to do that, this game would have been very very difficult and we wouldn't have scaled up to our good team fighting comp. So the main takeaways would be lane and then if we go all the way back to the the mid game here, kind of this formula. You push in top opposite side the objective. Try to create this numbers advantage and this is how you get the favorable fights which was the turning point for this game. So definitely a good pattern for you to practice in the mid game. Moving on to how to counter jacks. And this section can actually be more important than you would think even if you're not playing up against Jacks that often because as a Jax player there are a lot of things that if you notice your opponent's not doing that you can take full advantage of. So for that I have five main points to keep in mind for how to counter jacks and if your opponent's not doing them then you have a lot more freedom in the lane. So the first one being bait jacks uses E. So the main way to do this is pretend like you're going to auto attack him but you click away at the last second. So right click directly onto him, lock eyes, stick out your chest, walk towards him and just before you get into auto range you click backwards. If you can bait him to use his E so that either he misses at level one or he has to queue onto you the trade is going to be a lot better. Then if you let him lead with movement and start hitting you and hold on to his E, you want to be baiting him to use his E and then clicking out of the range. And then when the ability is on cooldown, that's when you go. Jax's E cool down is 17 seconds, which is extremely high for an ability that's pretty much the champion's entire kit. So when that spell is down, you need to be punishing. You need to be playing really aggressive, trying to attack him, and make it so it's really hard for him to touch the wave, especially if your champion is pretty similar in early game power. Now, this also applies if you're the Jax player. If your ear is down, it needs to be a switch in your mind. There are so many matchups that you can win level one like Fiora, like Camil, you get prior, you can win. But if your E is on cooldown, they can completely destroy you. So you need to play differently when that spell is down. And if you're playing up against Jax, you need to play extra aggressive if his on cool down. Now after that as well, making sure it's hard for him to crash the wave. So just like I'm teaching you guys when you play Jax, you need to crash your waves decisively. If you verse him, make it hard for him. Trim the wave as it comes in. make him trade on two so you can't just hit the wave the whole time and then block the caster minions from reaching tower so that he can't get a clean crash. He can't get a clean bounce back and it's really uncomfortable for him to play the lane. After this, make sure you're trying to extend the lane. So by extend it, I mean make the lane go for a long time, especially if you're playing a champion that's not as resource hungry, maybe like a Darius or a champion with just no mana in general, like an Abbyessa or a Garen or something like that. You want the lane to go for as long as possible. Bleed out his mana pool, maybe even especially on a champ like Garen. You can bait him to full combo you get your passive to work and then he's just going to go eventually and then you can trade onto him. So, make sure you extend the lane. Don't just crash a wave in base early, letting him base as well if you can keep the lane going for a long time. Especially if you're playing a champion that's not that resource hungry, like an Abbyessa or a Moricazera or an Atrox, it's going to benefit you way more. And finally, abuse any range advantage that you have. You should be able to hit him with your abilities on the champions I just mentioned actually those big three without taking any damage yourself. Don't lead up. Don't walk towards him and let him trade auto for auto. Make him queue onto you because if he has to queue onto you straight away and not lead with movement then he can't disengage with his Q or he can't keep the trade going with his Q later on. So make him queue onto you by using your abilities. Hit him with your range. Of course, if you're a range champion that's easy, but most champions will have a little bit of a range advantage. So for set, maybe you can E him before he's in range to hit you. You can't buffer his W. But more clearly, it's going to be like Atrox Q and Bessie Q, stuff like that. Try to abuse your range advantage whenever possible as Jax doesn't really have that. And then just one little bonus tip, take bone plating. To be honest, it doesn't matter what champion you're versing. It's really annoying, especially when I vers range shops like a Teemo or a cannon and they have bone plating. It makes your options very limited. So whatever champion you're playing up against, Jax, run bone plating. It's going to save your life a lot of the time and help you win trades, especially if you play around the cool down. Moving on to drafting. And this section is actually pretty important for Jacks. Even though you're a relatively solid blind pick, because there are certain team comps that you're going to verse where even if you're in a really bad matchup 1 v one, your champ's going to be borderline unbeatable. But the reverse is true as well. You might be in a great matchup, you might be counterpicking a Camila or something like that, but the rest of their comp makes it pretty unplayable for you. So, it's important to know the conditions. So, we're going to be starting with what you're good with, what you want to be seeing on your team. Just in case you're playing Clash with the boys, amateur 20s, anything like that, it can be important to know what to look out for. But in solo Q, I wouldn't worry about this one too much. But for jungle, what you want to be playing with is any form of engage and front line. So champs like Sichuani is really good, of course. Scanner, even like a Noo-Noo, just balling in, getting the fight started because Jax is pretty good secondary engage, pretty good followup. But starting the fight yourself and tanking all their CC. Not really optimal. So you want your jungler to do that for you. Now for mid, it's going to be dive buddies. So champs like Gallio, Silus or Arian really really solid where if you play with a champion maybe like Zeraf or A where they kind of need a bit of peel. It's not going to feel as good for you. Of course you never not pick Jax just because of middle AD carry champions. Jungle support are more important but it's still important to know what to look out for. So AD carry yet again you're probably going to guess dive buddies. So Kaiser, Lucian or Tristana. Any champion that wants to go forward with you and not rely on being peeled is going to be great especially if they're more self-sufficient like Kaiser. And for support, one more time, dive buddies. So champs like Real, Alistar, or Leona feel amazing. Any champion that can just go in, just get killed or tank the spells for you, and then you come in and steal all the glory. It's going to be what you're looking out for. The most important of this section, of course, what you want to be playing with, always jungle and support. I'd never really worry about mid AD carry that much. Now, for jungle, what are you bad with? What do you really want to avoid? And it's going to be the same as good with the jungle and support are the most important. So starting with jungle, you really don't want to play with champions that kind of rely on front line and rely on CC. Even though Jax does have a stun, you still don't want to be playing him with like a Graves, a Kane, a Master Yin, anything like that. Especially if you're up against a bruiser and they just go ninja tabies, you're going to be pretty nerfed pretty quickly. So you want to be playing with champs that go in, not champs that are sitting there doing nothing, waiting for you to go in. Especially Jax likes to play a more volatile early game. So if you have a Graves hurricane or a Kane whose only volatility is just tracking raptor spawn, anything like that, it's not going to feel as good compared to champions that want to get stuck in and get a lot of early ganks going. Now for mid, it's mainly AD champions like Yaso or Arshan don't feel that good. Even a champion like Ma to give a harder example where of course it makes a lot of sense. Yaso is not good with Jax. You're pretty much doing the same thing, waiting for someone else to get the fight started and he doesn't really have any CC as well. But Malar, Malar is a champion that relies pretty heavily on Peel and he doesn't really have follow-up. So if you play jacks with like a Hoy or a Zeraf at the very least if you go in they can follow you up. They can dump spells so it's not too bad but Maar doesn't really have any followup for you. So that those types of champs aren't really optimal with Jax. Now for AD carry champs that rely on Peel. So Cogmore Aelios Caitlin they're going to bring the damage. So when you play those champs you typically want to be more of a front line front to backy champ and Jax really hates that play style. And for support, pretty much any champion that sits back and does nothing like a Sona or a Thresh center support, anything like that, you really want something to go in playing with an Alistar and then the next game playing with a Sona, you're definitely going to feel a difference in how useful you are in team fights. Now, moving on to what you're good against. So, this section is the most important by far because if you know what to look out for, you're going to be able to pick jacks in games that are pretty much free wins. So, for top, it's going to be matchups that are heavily auto attack based champions. It's going to be consistent across every role. But for top as well, most matchups that are auto attack based champions are Yona or Kale are going to feel quite good for you. But to give a harder example, a matchup like Ireelia, I wouldn't even say there's matchups relatively Jax favored. I'd say it's a slight Aurelia favored skill matchup at the top level. However, Jax is good to across the whole game. You can mark her in team fights. She can't really do that much damage to you. And later on when you if you build like frozen art, your E cool down gets quite low. It's quite hard for her to really do anything against you. So even though in lane it might not be amazing if the Aurelia is really good, if you come up against a Rel King, something like that, it's still going to be fine because your champion is well into Aelia across the whole game. But of course, you have to say you win lane and win the mid game and side lane as well like a Kale or a Yoname is going to be even better. And for jungle, heavily auto attack based champions, Graves, Kindred, Viego. I won't give the easy ones like Miy of course that's great as well, but these types of champions is the most important for me by far. If I'm blind picking on Balloon and I see they have a Masi or a Viego, Graves, anything like that, I'm really happy to play Jax even though I might get hit with a cannon or an Aurora, anything like that because I know my champion's usefulness in the game is going to be relatively high even if I struggle in lane a little bit compared to if I versus maybe a Lilia jungle and then I get counter pick top, I'm not really going to guarantee that I'm going to be useful at all. So seeing what the jungle picks is quite important. So even if you're blind picking, try to pick four, five as as late as possible. Now for mid auto attack based champs again. Yaso Ashan of course going to be great. But Twisted Fate is another champion that I'll see. So even if jungle's not playing that, you know, auto attack based champion. Maybe they're playing Le or something like that. If I see a Twisted Fate, that's another great sign for me. Jax is going to be great this game because Jax E, for those of you who don't know, you block CC as long as it's an auto attack based spell like a Leona Q, Twisted Fate W. So Jax feels really good into TF. So even if your matchup's tough, your usefulness in the game is going to be high. TF can pretty much never gank you if you're aware of it holding on to your EV. So when you see a especially from TF mid or like a Graves jungle, Viego jungle, you already know your champ's going to be useful even if your matchup is difficult. Now for AD carry, it's pretty much good to every AD carry to be honest. But the ones that aren't that mobile like a Twitch or something like that is quite good. But to give a harder one like a Zeri or illusion, even though they have mobility, they have relatively low threat, it's not really that much of a problem for you. And if you as long as you stun while midair, you're still going to stun them even if they dash away. So even those matchups with a little bit of mobility still feel great as well. And for support, pretty much just champs that don't have a lot of threat or lock down onto like a Sona or a Pike, even like a Blitzcrank has low threat. You can block Blisscrank Eye as well. So those types of champions feel good, but the most important are jungle and mid. So look out for that when blind picking. Now for bad against, so what you don't want to be seeing for top, it's just going to be a lot of disengage. So, I'm not just going to give the three hardest matchups, but champions like Kenan, champs like Gragas or Casante, even though Gragas and Casante aren't really the hardest matchups you're going to run into, it's really hard to play Jax into them. Let's say you versus Gragas, you do really well. He just picked it cuz UGG told him it's a good counter, and you get two solo kills. If he knows what he's doing in a team fight and he just keeps his eye on you, you can't really do anything. He's just going to E you every time you go in Q auto like run away with phase rush is really hard to do anything versus disengage. Casant as well, really easy for him to mark you. The match up slightly in his favor, too. So champions that win the lane and they have good disengage as well, they are the most annoying. I'm going to give a special mention. You're probably waiting for it for Poppy. The reason I'm not going to bring them up is because Poppy top, jungle, and support all make it hard to pick Jackson, too. It makes it very, very difficult. So, I'm not just going to say Poppy 300 times. Just keep in mind if you see Poppy anywhere in the draft, Jax's value is going to be lowered significantly cuz she just has so much disengage and the matchup is hard as well. Now, for jungle, champs like Zyra, champs like Lilia. We'll just put Poppy in here for now. There's any form of disengage like a Siguani maybe not quite as bad, but those types of champs are quite annoying, especially the high damage ones like Lilia Zyra. Disengage we just go in and get kited or just get beat down by plants. Really, really brutal. Most AP junglers are quite tricky for you except for like a ni doesn't really do anything. So keep an eye out for those, you know, more team fight based AP champions. Now for mid, it's going to be champs with either a lot of disengage like a Huen where if you jump in fear ulti, you're just going to sit there like a little stain getting destroyed or champions that can mark you really well. So champs like a Kali, champs like a Blanc. You can't make any progress against him in side lane. Especially a Kali is quite brutal for top lane and for mid lane. She can kill you inside kind of whenever she wants to unless you're really far ahead. So you do need to watch out for that. My advice for Akali is to go Mr. Adam second, go Kanukkin or you're not going to be able to really play the mid game against her. But even in team fights as well, you're going to be looking for a flank and if she just goes onto you, it can be really, really annoying. And for AD carry, it's just with a lot of disengage like Tristana or Kaiser. It's really easy for them to slip away from you. Especially Tristana is really brutal. Big jump, big knockback, really hard to play him. Varys is another one, too, as you're just going to get ultied in the head if you ever go in, but it's not quite as bad as the others. And for support, disengage. So champs like Bum is probably my least favorite. Champs like Alistister just got to W away or combo you. Jana as well. you you don't really see Jenna that often, but those types of champs that have a lot of disengage and make it hard for you to go in is what you want to be watching out for. So, we've gone through all the champions, but I'll just say the TLDDR, if you just want to simplify when he looks good. The more auto attack based champions they have, the better, especially from jungle and mid. Those are the most important because those are what you're going to be interacting with for the majority of the game. And you're always good versus AD carry anyway. So, jungle and mid, what you want to be looking out for to know if Jax is the highest value pick. So, high auto attack based champions is going to feel great for you. And then high CC or disengage or self- peel type of champions like Leblanc or Hay and from jungle like Zyra. Those types of champions that make it really hard for you to go in without getting destroyed is going to make your value very low. So mainly watch for jungle mid when you're deciding to blind pick Jax or even counter pick him depending on how the comp looks. Now we're going to be wrapping up this guide with the five main takeaways for you to keep fresh in your mind before you queue up because of course this is a relatively long guide. So it's important that you prioritize the right things. So point number one, lead with movement. Be patient with your E and your Q. You don't always need to queue onto your opponent straight away and lead with movement in lane. Lead with movement in team fights and just play the champion a lot more patiently. Hold on to your Q until the right moment. Make sure as well in the early game crashing your waves decisively is your top priority. This is what you need to be putting most of your time into to learn and master because if you're not crashing waves well, your lane's going to get stuck. You're going to miss your back timer and you are going to lose a lane pretty consistently. So, this is going to be your number one skill to get the hang of before you move on to other things in terms of laning and trading and things of that nature. Now, on top of this point, missing a back timer can completely ruin your lane. So, your number one priority while you're in the game, while you are playing the lane, is your back timer. It has to be more important than helping your jungler. More important than leashing grubs, a tower plate even, you need to prioritize your back time as a number one because if you're winning lane and you miss one base, you're going to lose a lane after that if they come back to lane and you can no longer recall. Now, for team fighting, the number one thing is holding your spells is extremely important. This kind of ties into leading with movement, but I'm just going to reiterate it because if you don't lead with movement in fights, if your instinct is, "Oh a fight's just starting out. I see a champion on my screen or that AD carry looks pretty tasty and you just queue onto their head straight away." Your impact is going to be way lower. It's not going to be very consistent. You need to start the fight with a patient mindset. Walk towards them, hold Q, hold E, and ride for your right wait for the right moment to strike. because if you leave with Q every time and they flash or you get CCd, you're not going to be that impactful. And finally, our rule for the Midame, the number one rule. If you can't make progress in side lane 1 v one, look to create a numbers advantage team fight. Now, if you don't know if you can make progress or not, it's fine to experiment. Try to figure it out, but don't be delusional about it. Just because you're 1 up against the Kenan doesn't mean he can't just ult you. If you walk up and hit the tower, you're not going to be able to make progress. So, make sure you follow that rule. If you feel like we can't make progress, you look to attack them on mid. You look for a 5v4 on dragon, TP flank, anything like that, and not just farming inside and trading waves with your opponent when your champion is very useful in team fights as well. All right, everyone. That's it for now. If you made it this far in the video, congratulations. It was definitely a long one, and I hope you do well in your games, and best of luck on your Jack's journey. This video definitely took a lot of time and effort to make, so I'm excited to see what you guys think about it, and any support is greatly appreciated. If you have any questions, let me know in the comments. And I'll see you all for the next
