Title: 3 Minute Graves Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJo6ut1O5xc

Content:
Why play Graves jungle? Well, he brings massive burst damage. He's great early, mid, and late game. His clear is brilliant and fast, and he's a very mobile champion. However, he is very dependent on skill shots, and he is damage reliant, so can struggle from behind. Graves' passive is his shotgun. His basic attacks deal damage in a cone where he shoots out four pellets from his shotgun. These deal damage to enemies hit, and if you hit the same target with multiple pellets, they take more damage. So, the closer you stand to the target, usually the more damage. However, after he shoots twice, he has to reload. Also, non- champions hit by his attacks are knocked back, making his clear very healthy. Graves' Q is a straight line skill shot, which deals damage to enemies hit, and it leaves a gunpowder trail on the floor. After 2 seconds, or if the ability was hit into terrain, the gunpowder explodes, dealing damage to enemies within. Graves' W is one of the most underrated abilities in the game. It throws out a circle onto the floor, which deals damage to enemies within, slows them, and causes them to become nearsighted. Graves's E is an auto attack reset which causes him to dash in a direction and reload one shell. When he does this, he gains a stack which grants him bonus armor. And if he dashes towards an enemy champion, he gains two stacks. The cooldown of this ability is reduced every time he lands one of his shotgun pellets onto an enemy. Graves's ultimate is a longrange straightline skill shot, which deals damage to all enemies hit. Upon reaching max range or hitting an enemy champion, it then explodes into a cone which deals slightly reduced damage. For combos, start with W into an attack. Follow up with E into an attack and then Q and alt before attacking away. However, a combo you'll often have to use to engage is to E into W. From here, attack into Q before attacking into alt. For matchups, Graves is great into squishier AD junglers who can easily explode while tanking their damage, and he can struggle against some of the tankier champions who will simply lock him down. For runes, take this. Dark Harvest makes your burst even scarier. For build order, start red monster and pot into a ghost blade and tier 2 boots. From here, a collector and lord doms are great pickups before finishing a build with any of these as needed. For skill order, start E, then Q, then W before maxing Q, then E, then W, taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and smite. Starting the game, you almost always want to do a full jungle clear. Between your attacks, knocking the monsters away, and the extra armor you get from your E, you clearly healthily. This means you'll always be in a good position to contest Scuttle Crab. And if an enemy jungler ever tries to fight you for it, as long as you land your Q and W, you just simply deal too much damage. From here, look to gank. As always, consider the three main points of where is lane push to, what escapes does the enemy have, and what CC does your team bring. Your ganks are fairly strong. Where your W isn't hard CC, it may as well be for how confusing it is to play against. You easily get onto them with E, and if you can land both parts of your Q, they'll simply disappear from the map. Entering the mid game, you're simply looking to play a pick and objective play style. Collapse onto a lane, explode someone off the map, and then take the objective nearby. Entering late game team fights, you want to put out constant damage while waiting for your chance to explode a carry. You don't have the range to be a backline carry, so position well on the edge of fights, constantly avoiding any skill shots while spamming out damage. And that's how to play Graves jungle. If this video helped you, leave a like and comment below who you want to see
