Title: The ONLY Vayne Guide You Need - Vayne Guide League of Legends (Toplane Edition)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EddWQQwP8dM

Content:
Hey guys, and welcome to my new guide for Vain. In this guide, I will teach you guys everything you need to know for Vain, as well as entire educational gameplay after we covered everything. Let's get started with the abilities of Vain. First, Vain's passive lets you gain extra movement speed when moving towards nearby enemy champions. Vayain's Q is a dash. If you auto attack after the dash, it will also deal bonus damage. Vain's W is a threeh hit passive. If you hit the same target three times in a row, you'll deal damage based on percentage of the target's max health as bonus true damage. Vain's E is a knockback dealing damage and also leaves the target CCD if the target collides with terrain. Veins R increases her attack damage and gives invisibility when casting your Q. It also reduces the Q cooldown and more bonus movement speed from her passive. Let's cover the runes and builds for Vain next. The first on main rune page is Leal Tempo with Nimbuscloak and solarity. The most important thing is movement speed and positioning for kiting and cloak with solarity helps with this a lot. The second page is lead tempo with bone plating. This is the page you'll take versus melee matchups with very strong all-ins. The third page is fleet page. This page gives sustain and positioning and I highly recommend it specifically versus the ranged matchups. As for the bonus stats, you'll take one point into attack speed, one point into adaptive, and another point into HP scaling. As for the builds, you always go deepblade as a starter item in every game you play. For boots, you'll go Berserker's Greaves as your main and swiftness to counter slows. As for the builds, this one will be your standard build for Vain, and it's specifically also very good versus tanks. The second build is one of my personal favorite builds. You'll use this one specifically for split pushing and wave clear. It's also a very solid build for onhit damage in 1 v one and team fights. The third build is a new meta build. All these items together give a ton of movement speed and damage. If you think you'll have problems with kiting in the game, you'll want to use this build. The fourth build is similar to the standard build, but this time you have wits end. I highly recommend this build versus heavy CC and also heavy AP. I also highly recommend anti-heal if you play versus tons of heals and cannon for long range auto attacks and guardians angel for a defensive item in the late game for team fights. I've also added all these builds into one entire item set and I've shared it on my Discord server. Make sure to check it out after the video. As for the skill order, you always max your queue first, then your W, and then your E. As for the summoner spells, you always take ghost and flesh every game. Let's talk about the combos for Vain next. The first combo is the auto Q combo. I strongly recommend you always auto attack first and then Q after for more damage. The second combo is E flash combo. This is a very easy way to reposition to hit your E into terrain for the CC. The third combo is the auto QE combo. This combo is an easy way to maximize your damage while also repositioning quickly with your Q to use your E and then hit the enemy into the terrain for the CC. Now, let's get into an educational gameplay and I will teach you guys exactly on how to play the early game for Vain as well as the mid game and also the late game. All right, guys. Welcome back to another YouTube video. Today, once again playing some Vain in the top lane again. Uh today we have the Sed matchup. This is a really special one because Sin players pretty much 99% chance they will proxy until level three and then they backport. So will be an interesting match. Uh for runes we got Leo Tempo, we got Presence, Elacrity, Cut Down, we got Nimbus and we also run solarity. >> Now this is a very special matchup. Uh Vain is actually a massive counter to Singed. Um every singer, 99% of all Sin players, what they do is all the same. Uh they will proxy until they hit level three. They then [music] backport after that and then they will try and fight you with the item advantage. So we have no opponent right now because literally like between my towers. We can't leave this position right now. I could try and chase that but it's just unlike me man. No, I'm not going to run through that queue. Let me check what's going to happen. >> Yeah, we'll let that go. So, um, what you need to know about Singed players in general is that, uh, you should never chase down a singed. Um, simple as it sounds, don't chase him. What they want you to do is they want you to lose the farm. It's [clears throat] one of the reasons they play like this. And like I said, he's going to backport and he's going to try and get IM adventure. So, now comes the part of the lane. Um, if we play this part correctly in the matchup, um, what will end up happening is we can do like a really solid backport and we can force him to stay in the lane. So, we're going to try and make that happen. That's going to be the goal. Um, in terms of the builds, we're going to go for the blade ragelade build uh with u with the runance. >> See where the the graves is. Let me just place a ward down. There you go. That will help. The most important thing is stay maximum range against singing because then it's completely impossible for him to actually reach you. That's what you want. >> Good. Okay, so it's 2 minute 50 seconds. The Graves is still missing on this map, so now is the time to be really careful. He's trying to E me into the tower. He put that down there so he could probably flash forward and hit the um the ability against me. I saw that was going to happen. A lot of singing players like to do that. They like to use their flash aggressively to get you stuck under tower and then win the lane that way. Uh it actually just happened. Hm. >> Told you. >> It literally just happened. He actually used it right after I actually had him right there with my auto attack. Um, but Mafi took that kill. It's fine. It doesn't really matter. It's funny. I literally explained it and he still like cinched actually still does that. That was incredible, man. Um, yeah. Let's go with the boots. So, we are in the cinched lane. What I highly highly recommend, always the same. Um, go for attack speed boosts as a default. So, 90 90% of the games you're going to play, you want to be going with the Berserker Greaves. After you go, um, you know, if you play against like anything with a slow, so think about uh, Trinameir, for example. Trinameir is a really good example. You want to go for the swiftness, okay? because every champion that has like a build in slow in the abilities if you go swiftness you can counter it. Now the proxy for singed doesn't work because my wave has already it's it's already here. So either he's going to proxy now which is possible um but he's then going to lose the entire wave. Um or he's going to make it back to me right now and uh he's going to try and collect it. So we'll see whichever he does. if he's going if he's willing to like lose the entire farm, then that's bad for him. Yeah, he's going to proxy again cuz the matchup is really bad for him. So, >> it makes a lot of sense for him to proxy. >> Uh since I've got two last hits over here, I'm actually able to rotate for that guy, but not for long because I don't want to lose all the all of the farm. Yep. And he's going to run it down under tower. The classic exchangeed move. Now, don't worry about this because uh now that he's dead, he has to walk all the way back to the lane. Uh the good thing about that is that if he gets back, I can start playing again. Now, building waves doesn't work against Singed, unfortunately, cuz he can queue the entire wave pretty much instantly. So, we will stack the wave up, but it's not going to allow us to backboard, unfortunately. All right, cool. Let's uh kind of maintain the lane like this. Stack stack it up. >> We got way more farm than Singed does, which is really good. Got a Malight ultimate incoming here. I'm going to lose that last hit just to get some damage in. We have a Malight that's on the way. Uh their jungle's in bot lane, so I can actually play the game now. All right, we're going to be fully forcing the lane in every time to auto attack the sing as much as possible. Also worth noting his flash is down because if we flash at the same time and yeah, he's pretty much done. It's over for that sing. Really good jungle play. I'm going to ping this. This is a super important ping. I'm going to ping this for my jungle. My jungler has to help me here. The faster we push, the faster I can reset to get my items. Sometimes >> you have to ask your jungle for help because some champions in the game, a lot of champions in the game, not just Vain, but a lot of champions, they don't have the wave clear to get it all like under tower quickly enough. And that's when you should ping your jungle to help you. Okay? Because the thing with Cinched is now that we got our backport, we've got my items, we've got my boots, we've got my recurve bow, we got both of these. Okay, the problem is is that we have to run back to lane instantly because what Cinch is going to do, he will start uh proxying between towers again. And the further you get into the game, the more he can proxy cuz the the more the more he can tank, right? I'm going to try and force him away from the proxy cuz he wants he want to try to walk into the river right now to start the proxy. So, what I did was I moved to the right. I tanked the wave here to stop the guy from proxying. So, I'm hoping he's going to play against me again. I don't think he will. I think he's going to proxy anyways, but that means he will lose the farm again. So, um yeah, it's not necessarily a bad thing. Yep, he's going to drop the entire wave to proxy again. The classic man. This is a bad move by Cinched because he's going to lose this entire wave again, which means I have a two-wave advantage from before. So, all I need is to push this out and then we'll see if we can maybe rotate. Okay, I would like to try and um get like an auto attack here. I think Cinch is going to show. Yeah, we got to walk away. There's a chance that Cinched is right behind us or he's going for a res, but I really doubt this. Okay, this is a good position because now Cinched is buying items. He his flash is back. Okay, I just want you guys to realize that we both flash at the same [music] time. So, he has the flash right now. That means he's going to try and beat me. He's going to try and one v one me here. So, be careful about this, guys. We He's going to use that same combo again that he did before. Yeah, there he is. See, he's dropping it down because he wants to flash. Okay. All right. I mean, we're trading like some spells for this. I mean, dude, like All right, dude. He's about to die by my jungler cuz my jungler is taking the camp. Yeah, I think that Singed is really tilted right now. Okay, now here comes the most important thing. Singed is dead for 10 seconds. If I push this lane in, I will play against another proxy against Singed cuz he will keep repeating that process until he gets somewhere in the game. So, I'm trying to match my backport with his spawn. So, now we're both walk. He's actually here right now. We're walking back to lane at the same speed right now. [music] So, I'm going to try and force him in the lane here to prevent his proxy from happening so that he cannot do the same thing again. There you go. Exactly what I thought. He we matched his um we matched the same position. I matched my backboard with his that timer. And here we are. >> We're in the same position. We have Graves moving top lane, so we're probably going to be playing as jungle here. Remember, he has flash for sure. Or he doesn't. I don't know. Remember, jungle's going to arrive. We are playing 1v2 right now. Let me check. The Graves is one. No. Yep. >> Exactly according to calculations. Everything was planned. Okay, this was a great fight. This is exactly what I was planning to do as I predicted it all one minute before it and we get a nice 1v2. Let's go. All right, man. And yeah, now we go back to base. So, here comes a problem. 99% chance he's going to start proxying. I could stop that with my teleport. So, that's a possible scenario for me. >> Um, I'm going to have to think here because I think I'm I need the blade build now immediately. So, I'm probably going to wait it out to teleport. Yeah, I'm going to do that. I think he's still going to proxy anyways. I think it's going to failret, >> but let's give it a try. He will probably proxy. >> An enemy has been slain. >> Okay, let's run as quickly as we can. We have to figure out if he's going to do the same thing again. Yep. He's going to proxy between towers. I'm going to force this because I have a wave here. >> And let's go for that plate. Let's grab it. Remember one thing, guys. I think that he has ghost. I'm not sure. Yeah, my blade build's going to fully counter that guy. Graves is in bot lane. Good to know. >> Okay, we know exactly where the enemy jungler is located. >> Very good teamret. >> Now we push. We start farming for the runance build. The run endance build. I take that because I want to split push this game. Have wave clear, have on hit damage, all of these things. >> Let's grab the the wave here. Nice. I don't think I'm going to get that. No. Yeah, let's walk away. So I think that Sin is going to arrive like any second right now. That's why I have to stay on a certain amount of distance here. We grab this block away. D spawns in 50 seconds which is super solid. Sin is here. So I might be able to backport and we go back. One thing I want to quickly say guys with any champion in the game, you guys have to run back to lane. Oh, we have view. You have to run back to lane, guys. As quickly as possible. Okay. The faster you run back to lane. The more XP, more gold, the less gold they get. It's uh I'm I'm very serious about this. If you are slow, they will get plays. Oh, he's going to run it now. All right, man. Seems like Singed has given up on the game. Funny >> destroyed. >> He literally gave up as soon as he saw me. Okay, >> that's funny, man. Let's get some of the the plates as well. Nice. Let's get the plates. Let's get like two plates. >> We have like a solid tensius per minute. Let's get the jungle camps. We're not on the Drake, so it's kind of uh bad for my team because it's like three against uh three against four for my team, >> but at the same time, we're getting a lot of stuff here. I don't mind losing one single drake over the massive amount of gold that we're gaining here. Like, I don't mind it. It's fine with me. We can lose one of them, but we can push our lead, get the runets build. I don't mind it. Your team destroyed a turret. Okay. Yeah, we can almost get the runance build. Just need like 200 more. Now we got what we need. I think I could um let me check. It's not here anymore. >> All right, running 10 CS per minute. Actually, we got more than 10 CS per minute, but yeah, we got everything we wanted. I'm just going to sell the deep blade, man. That's fine with me. All right. The cool thing is that if you have the blade runance build, the one thing I like about it most is that if you auto attack, you have like way more uh damage and wave clear in a team fight cuz you can hit like way more targets at the same time. >> Um it's this is not like the meta build for top lane. Um there's two meta builds for top lane. There's this build, the blade uh race blade into the hex blade build. And you have uh storm raiser trendy into cycl sword, but this is like um one of my personal favorite builds. It's good for splitting. It's got wave clear. It's got a lot of damage. I like it. Especially if you're a bad farmer in the game, this this build's going to allow you to um expand your lead very quickly. If you're behind in the game, you can actually build this and push incredibly fast. That's why I build it the most, cuz you can create massive leads with this build. [screaming] Still got my E here. Don't need to use my E at all. Enemy has been slain. >> Not enough. I thought my E was going to be enough, man. Unfortunate. We won that fight without even using my E right there. And we had to change targets like plenty of times. But yeah, if they all stand together, this uh this build's also going to allow you to damage all of them at the same time. It's a really nice build, dude. >> Beware. >> Um I think uh this guy will show here. Let's grab that. I'll take the farm in mid lane, then go top lane again. Just going to keep on pushing for more farm here. Yeah, I would like to get the blades also, but I think I'll wait for this. >> Your team has destroyed a turret. >> But yeah, also the winance build also lets you force jungle camps incredibly easy, too. So, if you're pushing top lane out incredibly hard with this build, you can actually get the jungle camps really fast as well. And that also helps you deny like the the farm of the jungler. The repuff is spawning soon. Wait a second. I think that Graves is also here. So I'm playing this slowly. >> I release them from their pain. >> Yep. Here we go. >> Let's grab this. really doubt they're going to try and steal this cuz I think I see the jungle in bot lane. I think >> No one's here. >> All right, wrap the plates. Then we go back. >> Godlike. >> Nice, dude. Yeah, here we go. Let's get the ragelade build. We're going to go for a team fight. >> Okay, check this out, guys. We're going to press the R button and go in. Here we go, dude. >> Your team has destroyed a turret. [clears throat] >> We got Fagar on top lane. Oh, he wants to attach. Sure. >> Let's see if we can do something about this. I don't even have to press the R button for that, dude. We're too strong this game. >> We're too strong, man. >> We are too far ahead cuz of my farm. >> We are over farmed this game. On top of that, we got a we got a Yumi attached as well. >> Uh, wait a second. >> We could dive that. I want to see if I can get that tower down, man. >> Let's go. >> If you could stop that. Uh, never mind. I want to try and like outside of the vision. I'm going to walk away out of vision, then I'll turn back so they have no idea. >> Yeah, cool. Yeah, this game is done, dude. Let's see if we can end the game here. >> Uh, do we have a teleport? No, >> only me and the Mundo does. Oh, he's actually dying to the tower. Another reason, by the way, for you to like have Runance build. Take waves fast, man. >> Yeah, this game's over. Your turret has destroyed. >> All right, team destroyed. >> Fast match, man. You got to beat them in like 22, man. Hey, this is uh Vain Top lane. Thank you much for watching today's Vin video and I'll see you guys next time. Peace.
