Title: THIS NEW RUNE IS OP ON AHRI!!
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_uoV_4Q7wQ

Content:
Oh my god, troll. Nice, let's go. I don't know what you said, but I did. I always do. Yeah, what the [ __ ] That's good for me. Oh, [ __ ] I don't know if he has the pink, what the [ __ ] Oh, [ __ ] Yeah, that was a bad accident. We don't win early game like that. The comp is [ __ ] dog [ __ ] in the net. They have so weak Kha'Zix as their like in the early game. I mean, I guess we just played that bad, to be honest. I think it Ari doesn't scale. The draft The draft fighter thing is scale. But it is worse in lane though, this team. Why troll with that team? She got the best room for that. Why is he getting another one? How lucky is that? Why is he getting Why is he actually really? I don't know if he goes here or not. I sign myself. You might be worried though. I'm holding the wave. I got one actually. >> It's called the snowy. Snowy by itchy. Snow and then you take that Y at the end. No problem. I updated my mobile fire tonight. Oh, what is that [ __ ] Actually really nice this one. We actually hate them. And then they don't need me to die. Also, did I change tower? It looks a bit different. Two plays, thank you so much for the Thank you so much for the subscribe for three months. The counter damage crazy. What? She blessed you just gave the five sub to the comment. Oh my god, what? I don't deserve that. What? Much love to you. Yo, that's crazy. Thank you. Appreciate that. Now this is murder. Time to be a problem. Yeah, he's he's tanky, I swear. Like I I don't care if I die so many. Yo, my god, the burns is actually crazy. Yo, what the hell? One, thank you so much for the prime. Yo, the burner nice as well. I think this Loki needs the nerf soon. I'm playing this. It's okay. Actually needs it. What? Another one. CD, thank you so much for the prime. Much love. Holy, so many lucky days for me. That's the burn. That was wild. Yo, what the hell is going on? Thank you so much. It's her first time solo. I think we're just making it look like one, yes. Yo, Emma, thank you so much for the prime as well. Sorry. Yeah, but this one is scaling really nice actually. It scales better than electricute. I'll be tired if you actually do that. I put myself in weak side, which is not good. Is it weak side? So bottom lane Um Yo, we should get conclusion in one game. Wait, did he just die to him like that? No one important died. It's okay. If only he died, it's whatever. Lol. Thank you. Lol. I'm electricute is for sure better into range comps, guys. Like I've got the conclusion. It's very simple and clear. Like you just go [ __ ] um This one you are playing against a lot of melees and you go the other one. I would write in my mobile fire guide. Good night. Exactly, exactly awesome. Exactly. That's the top process because why? Because you can extend the fight, right? It's very simple. You don't need any complication. Cuz you guys you can see I do a lot of damage to everyone. It's not just one target. I'm all master. I'm all master. There's not surprise. I got the I personally know them. My response. What? Oh, he's probably just gone, right? Yeah, that was no the I was about to factor remove the shadowing orb Primal disharmony. Can you end? I'm going to get the hand. Oh my god, troll. Nice. Let's go. Let's [ __ ] go. Penta kill this. I don't know. Thank you, him man. So, I've going through the review how to deal with Zoe and So, before I start, so my conclusion for this room that I just went is that it's actually very fine if you play it into something like Galio, basically melee mids. That the That the match up is literally just useless but Electrocute won't make a difference because the scaling of the rune is quite nice. But overall, I would say I think Electrocute is just far more superior and actually just better. Unless that fight for tanks like they have low damage come basically. And they don't have any really carry but mostly tanks. That's where I think it's good to go um the new room. I And let's get started with it. So, first thing you have to understand is Zoe's cool down, right? Zoe's cool down is um it's 8.50 16 and 11. Actually, I don't mind. They changed it. Actually, it's like 18 or something. And they get reduced if you hit the Q. But you got to know her cool down, right? And once you know the cool down you start with Q in this kind of match ups cuz against Zoe, right? What's most important for her um as a so as someone who played Zoe before or annoying her strategy is you want to make sure she doesn't have a easy time taking it to push because all her trades are actually based on getting prior. Cuz the moment she has prior, she has easier time to get trades from either side. But if the moment she loses the prior that's where it actually is hurt Zoe trades pattern. She has to focus on the wave. So, I start Q. I try to Q on her but I didn't hit, right? But I hit the wave, which is very important. So, you she tried to poke us with Q but we're trying to take prior, right? We're just keeping the prior. And actually, the new rune isn't that bad against Zoe cuz I can I can't really get Electrocuted as much. But I still think it probably would go Electrocute. Other than that, as you can see I'm just I'm just really I'm not really In this match up, we're not really looking to kill her. Like that's kind of nuts if you're trying to kill a Zoe in the early game. Your goal is to get level six with Once you get level six, if you compare to your ultimate to hers, right? Your ultimate is just 10 times better. So, why fight in a scenario where she's stronger than you with ignite when you can just fight when you're six or you As you As you see, I'm not really looking for try. I'm just looking to force her to focus on the wave so I get prior. That's what I'm doing, right? I'm going to skip a bit and it's pretty simple. I'm just keep pushing keep pushing keep pushing on the wave. And good enough for us, we actually managed to get prior because once we get level three and four, we can go go two points on Q and just one shot the wave. And now because of our prior, right? We move first and well, it became one of the most disastrous fight. You know why? Because right like I said, I did a mistake. Zoe is one of the one of the strongest champion in the early game. So, why are we fighting in her term, right? Obviously, we can probably play this better as a team. Uh or what I think we probably could play with us or we could play with them. Like there's a lot of small detail I'm not going to go through but yeah, that's pretty much the mistake we did as a team. But we still managed to recover, right? Lane of this was rough. It is what it is. But the moment we get level six, right? Match up becomes so much easier. Here for example, we dodge the E. We know she's no threat. She has no threat to use as her Irelia that kind of stopped me from all in her. Now, I'm going to all in because the moment she uses her E and Irelia, she has nothing, right? We track her CDs correctly. And in this case, she's trying to decide to then In that case, I don't even need to do anything, right? I'm just going to auto attack to death. And then once she's putting herself in a truck point where if I charm like this, she has no angle to run. And she does run up, I'm still going to get So, that's how we end up getting a solo kill. And that a kill That's pretty much it. That's your goal and your what you're looking for when playing this match up. And thank you so much for watching this video and I see you on the next video. Bye-bye. You want access to mid lane fundamentals where we explain in level one lane trade, lane bully, TV anything you can think of really. And it's called the pain view series. I'll be adding more in the future. There's also our match up view list where you have certain match ups that you might be looking for and I'll be also adding it slowly but surely every day. There's general match up tips where I'll be showing you casing you want to pick into Orianna for example. And the tips into her champion level spike and item spikes. And if you want even more detail for example, I have something like Orianna match up where I'll be explaining in even more detail what you do in every single wave and the trade pattern and the goal of the match up. There's also some Fiora and Syndra and ex etc. To access this, you just have to click on the There's going to be a button you can click on or in the description. And thank you so much for watching this video and I really hope that you enjoyed it and I see you guys on the next time. Make sure to like and subscribe and I see you on the next time.
