Title: How to Use Karma's MANTRA - Karma Guide | League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4lgi5TEgO4

Content:
LCS Arcana, wanting to play Karma but don't know where to start or maybe you're just a bit unsure about how to get the best use of her mantra. Hi, I'm Mat Zeffie. I currently have 600 LP in Masters and my highest mastery is on Karma. In this video, we're going to look at how you can have the most impact with Karma's mantra. Now, to start with, let's briefly go over what Karma's mantra actually does. It's not super clear to new players how she actually works. You can go ahead and skip this part if you know what Karma does already. Karma starts each game with one point in her mantra, which is her ultimate ability. Kind of similar to champions that have a form switch like Nidalee or Elise. Karma can activate her mantra to empower her other abilities. If you press R Q, then you are empowering your Q. You can then cast an upgraded version of your Q projectile that has a longer range and deals a lot more damage. It also leaves an AoE secondary explosion on the ground once it hits a target or reaches max range [music] without hitting anyone. If you press R W, you gain access to a buffed version of her root. If your root connects, then the enemy is rooted for longer and here's the important part that a lot of players forget or don't know about Karma. You actually heal [music] for a portion of your missing health at both instances of damage, so once at the start and once at the end. If you press R E, you cast a huge group shield that affects multiple targets and has a much higher shielding power than her base shield. Her base shield also provides a burst of decaying movement speed to its targets, but her mantra E provides movement speed to all the allies that get shielded. So, those are the basics. Now, let's look at how you get the most value from Karma's mantra. When the game starts and throughout most of the laning phase, you should be prioritizing your mantra for poke purposes. Regardless of if you're playing damage or shielding Karma, the early game aim is still the same. The only exception is if you're being absolutely dumpstered from the start of the game and your ADC is taking an obscene amount of damage from the enemy's Raven. Then, you should be thinking about dropping mantra E's on them instead. But, the reason why you're usually picking Karma is to provide your ADC with decent pressure in the laning phase and also a fair amount of kill potential. Your aim is to keep them safe, but you do that by keeping the enemy health bars low with your mantra Q. Your E shield doesn't actually shield for a lot in the early game. Usually, if I'm playing shield focused Karma, I'll put three points into my Q for the poke and pressure and then I'll max my E shield. It's incredibly important that you're not just putting mantra E's on your ADC at level two or three and standing behind them. You're not going to get much success if you're playing like that. Be aggressive and harass the enemy. And here's potentially the most confusing part about Karma. How do you use her mantra W and when should you be using it? The short answer is that it's very situational. Since it scales on missing health, her mantra W is a great tool to use when you're on low health and need to stay alive for longer to try and turn the fight. It can also be a great tool if you need to lock an enemy down for longer to allow your ADC to escape. Now, here's an example. If you're being ganked by something like a Rammus, you know that jungler is going to jump on your ADC. So, the longer you can root them, the better. At rank one, her mantra W provides an extra 0.5 seconds on the root and at max rank, it provides an extra 1.25 seconds, making a total of 3.25 seconds that a champion is rooted for at max rank. An incredible amount of time to lock a champion down. In the early laning phase, her mantra W will often heal for more than your mantra shield before you have any items as long as you're on low health. You can use this knowledge to bait enemies into a fight if you know your jungler is ganking, for example. My favorite trick is to bait the enemy into tower diving me and then hit them with a fat mantra W and watch them get absolutely murdered by my tower. Karma has an extremely important passive that you need to be aware of called Gathering Fire. Whenever you damage an enemy champion with one of your abilities, your mantra cooldown is reduced by four seconds. But, here's the great part. The four seconds is per champion hit. Now, let's think about how Karma's mantra Q works. You have the primary instance of damage, which is the initial explosion, and [music] the secondary AoE field that explodes after a short delay. If both of these instances of damage hit an enemy, that's an eight-second mantra cooldown reduction. Now, imagine if you hit two enemy champions with Karma's mantra Q and the secondary damage, that's a 16-second reduction with one ability. It's not as hard as you would think to hit both the ADC and support with this as they are often banded together in the duo lane. The most optimal combo that I try to pull off as much as I can in the bot lane is to mantra Q the ADC, try to get at least one auto attack off while they are slowed, and also cast my W on them. Even if I know they're easily breaking the link before I can root them. I do this simply to do a little bit more damage, but also to grab myself an extra four-second reduction on my mantra cooldown. This is your main bread and butter Karma combo to lock an enemy down. Utilize the extra range you get with your mantra Q to hit the enemy and slow them, then put a shield on yourself for the extra movement speed, attach the root, and stay in range to root them. Now, we hope for your ADC to follow up for an easy kill. Yeah, maybe you're seeing the issue. Anyways, now moving on to the mid and later stages of the game when team fights break out, you're usually wanting to be looking for a fat juicy group shield with your mantra E. Most of the time, you're building Moonstone first item on Karma. Moonstone gives your shields god-like status. Make sure you're abusing it as the earlier you finish your Moonstone in the game, the crazier your shields will look compared to everyone's small health bar at that point in the game. A point that a lot of players forget is your mantra E also grants additional movement speed to all of the players shielded. Your allies can utilize the speed to jump on the enemy a bit faster and get their damage off. Her group shield can be used as a decent engage tool for that reason. Once you pop your mantra E in a fight, your primary focus is to reduce your mantra cooldown as quick as you can so you have another group shield up. So, you should be looking for an opportunity to hit your Q on multiple enemies at once for maximum cooldown reduction. Also, bear in mind that your W roots will provide you with another eight seconds reduction if you successfully root an enemy. So, you could easily be grabbing yourself 12 or 16 seconds mantra cooldown reduction right there. And suddenly, you realize you're providing a lot more value on Karma when you're actively playing for your cooldown reduction. And if you're playing damage Karma, team fights are perfect for you. Hit your mantra Q on multiple targets with Ultimate Hunter and Malignance and you've pretty much got an instant mantra reset. Now, let's discuss some runes that maximize your mantra impact. Axiom Arcana. Now, this rune was literally made for Karma. It grants 12% increased damage, healing, and shielding on your ultimate. But, this bonus is reduced to 8% for AoE effects, which is what Karma uses. However, it's still pretty awesome on her. So, every time you use your mantra, it's basically perma-buffed. Your mantra Q does more damage and your mantra E shields for more. And Axiom Arcana also reduces your ultimate ability current cooldown by 7%, which sounds more overpowered than what it actually is as it's not 7% of the total cooldown, but of the current cooldown. And 7% of 10 seconds is uh 0.7 seconds. But, every little bit of cooldown reduction works. If you've just casted your mantra, the cooldown is sitting around 25 or 30 seconds in the early game and those couple of seconds Axiom Arcana provides could be super clutch if you manage to pick up a kill. The rune set that I'm currently running on Karma is Summon Aery, Axiom Arcana, Transcendence, Gathering Storm, Font of Life, and Revitalize. Transcendence also helps you get your mantra back faster and Gathering Storm gives you a crazy amount of ability power that will super boost your group shields in the late game team fights. I usually swap around Gathering Storm and Scorch depending on whether I think we have a good chance of winning the laning phase or not. Another option that I used to play all the time on Karma is Ultimate Hunter. Ultimate Hunter provides you with six ultimate haste and an additional 25 at max stacks, so 31 haste altogether. You get five ultimate haste per unique takedown on the enemy team. So, you have to grab yourself a kill or assist on every member of the enemy team to max the stacks. I tend to run Ultimate Hunter whenever I'm going for a damage play style or I want to spam my mantra Q's to carry a game. Speaking of play styles, Karma does have a few. You can either play damage Karma, full shielding Karma, or utility Karma. Now, there are no rules saying you can't mix or match elements between these play styles, but here's a quick outline to give you an idea. Damage Karma focuses on spamming mantra Q with Axiom Arcana, Scorch, and Ultimate Hunter. The build features Malignance for more ultimate haste and an additional damaging field created on your mantra Q. However, damage Karma tends to fall off heavily as the damage doesn't scale super well into the late game. So, if I build a couple damage items and we haven't won the game yet, I usually transition to more supportive items like Moonstone and Dawncore to get some shielding power for the team fights. Utility Karma mainly focuses on providing buffs and movement speed. She spreads auras like Ardent Censer and Staff of Flowing Water so well because of her group shield. But, grab yourself a Moonstone to permanently apply your buffs to more than one person even with your base shield. Sona and Nami also have amazing synergy with her group shield movement speed buff. And finally, shielding Karma, which I usually find works the best in my Master games with Gathering Storm, Revitalize, and items like Moonstone, Redemption, and Dawncore. You really are pumping out insane shields in the late game and there's often not really much the enemy can do. And lastly, let's round off the video with some other random tips on min-maxing your mantra value. Number one, press it early. When you press your mantra, you actually have eight seconds to hold onto it before it dissipates. If you know there's a team fight coming in the next few seconds, then press it early so you can react faster with a group shield. But also, the mantra cooldown begins counting down when you first press it. So, you can effectively cheat the cooldown of it, and every little helps. Number two, with your mantra E shields, make sure your primary target is the ally who is in the most danger, which is usually the lowest health ally as they gain 40% bonus movement speed for two seconds, whereas the secondary targets only get 15%. It allows them to escape a little bit faster. Number three, you can use your mantra W on objectives, jungle camps, and the scuttle crab to regain some health. I love doing this on Drake or Baron Nashor to allow myself to stay in the team fight. And number four, pre-level six is Karma's time to shine. The enemy doesn't have their ultimate, but you do. Try your best to play aggressively and force your ADC to grab some kills if possible. All right, so that's the end of the video. I'll stop yapping now. I hope you learned something about Karma's mantra and when you should be using it for maximum impact. As always, make sure you drop any questions you have in the comments or come ask me on my stream. [music] I'm always happy to answer. Make sure you drop a subscription to catch my future videos, and I'll see you guys next time.
