Title: HOW TO PLAY NEEKO IN 2025 | League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVQ1K4wxTrk

Content:
[Music] So, you want to learn how to play Nico? Well, you've come to the right place. My name is Vegas. I'm a diamond Nico one trick who plays are in the mid uh jungle and support roles. And today, I'm going to teach you the the basics of playing Nico, as well as some fun tips and tricks. Now, this is more of a beginners's video just to go over her abilities and some fun um you know, tricks, strats that I use. If you want like a full in-depth like uh commentary guide on a game, I've got plenty of other videos like that on my channel. So, go check them out. But, let's get started. Now, Nico's passive, Inherent Glamour. This allows her to disguise herself as allied champions using this bar at the the bottom here above your items. And as you can see, it's filled with Cho'Gaf, Twitch, Alistister, and Trindir. These are the champs that I've got in this game. And I can transform into them by just clicking like that. But additionally, instead of clicking, you can actually keybind it and you can switch a lot quicker. How do you keybind it? Go to your hotkeys. Scroll down abilities and summoner spells. Scroll down to other. And where it says champion specific interaction uh one through five, that's what all of those are. And it just allows you to like just change so much quicker than if you were to like click them. There's also an empty uh slot here. And that is for transforming into things like minions. You can also change into jungle camps like the scuttle crab. Now this works for blue buff which you can dance with grump raptors wolves. You can change into any jungle monster apart from the epic ones such as dragon, baron, rift herald. You can also change into the tiny like the little grubs. It doesn't stop there. You can also transform into wards. You can also change into jungle plants. And not only that, you can transform into champion specific traps and pets such as like a Nefiri dog or a Yoro ghoul, a Teemo Shroom. You can transfer transform into all of these um sho boxes and it can really throw the enemy offic. Now, how do you lose the transformation? If you use a damaging ability such as E, Q, or your ultimate, that will transform you back into Nico. If I was to transform into a minion and then attack a tower, that will transform me back into Nico. However, if I transform into an allied champion and attack a tower, I will stay as the allied champion. The only other thing that will break a transformation is if I transform to an allied champion with extremely low health and I take a bit of damage or if I get CCD in any sort of way like any route stun, knockup, suppression, um, displacement, all of that will transform me back into Nico. Next, let's talk about Nico's Q, Blooming Burst. Nico froze. I see that blooms to deal magic damage. If it kills a unit or hits a champion or large monster, it will bloom again, dealing magic damage. Max two extra blooms. So, if you just throw it on nothing, this is what it looks like. This is the range and the area of effect size. And if you throw it on an enemy champion, it will bloom up to two extra times, but only if they um remain within the bloom. So if it hits a enemy champion and they move out, it'll only bloom like one extra time. Now, this is great for a number of things apart from dealing damage. You can see there's an enemy in this bush. But let's say we were scouting this bush and we didn't know if someone was in there. Just throwing our Q and seeing the bloom lets us know, okay, there's an enemy in this bush. And if you to throw it in a bush without an enemy, you can, you know, it's safe. But it's also good for clearing minion waves. We see a minion with low health. Okay, I've got too much AP. There we go. If it kills a minion, it will bloom again. And you can use this to like clear your minion waves. Just like that. Now, before I talk about Nico's W, I'm actually going to talk about her E, Tangle Barbs. Now, her E is a route. You throw it like that, it will root your enemy. At level two, it's.9 seconds. other one's.7. But if your route hits something else, like a minion or another champion, it will become empowered, rooting the second target for twice as long. And you can see the projectile moves quicker, gets wider, and roots for longer. So, you want to keep that in mind whenever you're looking to go for a route. try and get behind the minion wave to try and uh like root the enemy champions for as long as possible because that enables you to, you know, guarantee all three hits of your Q. So, you know, super easy basic combo would be E, Q, and then auto attack to like proc your electrocute. Another fun fact about your E is you can buffer it with flash. So instead of like, you know, if an enemy is running away, instead of flashing and then Eing, what you want to do is E and then flash. It's so much quicker. Reminder, flash E slow, E flash fast. This enables you to like, you know, E flash and then hit a Q as well. Nico's W shape spplitter. Firstly, this has a passive effect, which we'll talk about first. Every third auto attack will do magic damage and it changes the animation. So, one, two, and then on the third attack, you'll see Nico's head like glows purple. Um, it's less noticeable in some other skins, but you should know if you play enough. And the next auto attack will look like this and does additional magic damage. This is great for last hitting. Um, it's great for taking towers quickly on Nico, but also if you know you're going to go for a trade, you want to try and save this up kind of like a Jin fourth shot and then, you know, then you go for your E, your Q, and then auto for that extra damage. Now, Nico's W active, when you press W, you will go invisible for what was it? 0.25 seconds.5 seconds. And then you also get move speed while sending out a clone. Now, this ability has an incredible amount of uses. I'm not sure I'm going to be able to get it all in this video, but you can, you know, use it for chasing down an enemy. You can use it for running away. You can use it for scouting vision. is on her fourth tail. And you see the the clone lasts 3 seconds, I think. But if you want it to last longer, what you can do, so you can send out your clone and then you can emote. If you emote, it'll last longer. The same with recalling. If you send out your clone and then start recalling, it will copy your animation. And this bait so many enemies. If you, let's say you want to recall in lane, you hide in the bush. You start recalling and let's say a minion wave isn't there. Let's wait for the minion wave to go. Let's say your enemy gets back to lane, they see the clone, and they like might use like an ultimate or something on it. It happens so often. But there's more. you can change into an allied champion and when you use your W, it'll send out a clone of that champion. It's an extra layer of mind tricks. Like sure, people expect Nico clones, but they expect uh like, you know, like a smaller clone way less, right? And again, you can do the same thing. You can send it out an emote to make it last longer. You can also send it out to recall. But wait, there's more. You can also get your clone to follow you. If you get it to emote and then pet move click on yourself, it will follow you. And this will help, you know, protect against abilities like uh like a blitzcrank cooker or like a whale or a var. So, by emoting and control clicking on yourself, you can get your clone to follow you, but you can also get your clone to follow enemies. Now, the timing to get it to follow enemies is a lot more niche. What you have to do is you have to send it out, control-click the enemy, and then emote. But some it doesn't always work. It's a very precise timing that you have to get. There we go. Most people don't know this since you used to be able to send it to like enemy towers as well, but um they patched that. So now you can only send it to enemies and yourself. Now let's talk about Nico's ultimate, Pop Blossom. After a delay, Nico leaps into the air, knocking up all nearby enemies for 6 seconds. She then crashes down, dealing magic d to all nearby enemies and stunning them for 75 seconds. And it also says this ability can be prepared in secret if Nico is disguised. So what that means if if I say I'm a smolder and I use this ability, you see I don't switch from smolder to Nico instantly. It takes like a half a second. Now there I'm sure you've seen there is a lot of combos you can do with Nico's alt. So like one thing obviously is the disguise, but you can see my items here. I've got rocket belt to give me extra distance if I want to catch people off guard. And then additionally, you can land add flash into that as well to get even more people. Now, I always advise when alting to flash at the last second or, you know, rock about the last second or both because that just gives your enemy less time to react. You know, obviously if you do it straight away, they have, you know, another second to like react with their own flash or dashes or whatever. So, you always want to make sure let the enemy know, let the enemy think they are safe. and then hit him like that. Her also works with zonas. So if you start charging up and then hit your zonas, the knockup and a stun will remain even if you hit your zonas. You can also zonas after but rocket bell and zonas are just great items on Nico because of you know the shenanigans you can get into with your alt. like a typical combo might look like it like a like an E Q alt. You can also cancel your Q animation with your alt. So if you but just before you jump up, you can cancel your Q animation. You have to do it at the last second and then you might have another queue back up um in just a few seconds. So, it's always better to try and get your EQ off before you al so you have it up again sooner or um try and get the animation cancel. and then E because after you ult if the enemy has like tenacity, it can be hard to hit your E straight after like that. So, it's best to do it before. But let's say you're not great at hitting E. Um maybe just try and go for the alt and then go for your EQ. tolerance feelings is magic. So, now that you've seen Nico's abilities and how they work, as well as some tips and tricks, here is some of them used in action, uh, one of my favorite moves is to go for a lane gank as a minion. uh transforming to a melee minion at the beginning of the wave before the enemy has time to count them and hit them with an EQ um auto attack or an EQ alt or go for the alt first. There's also plenty of shenanigans you can get with your W. You can juke enemies out by uh trying to trick them into which one is the real you. Nico is a champion that's has very simple, easy to learn abilities, but she's extremely hard to master. And there's so much fun and trickery you can have while playing Nico, which is why she's one of my favorite champions. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. If you learned something, leave a like, subscribe, and check out some of my other Nico uh videos. I have plenty on the channel and with more to come. If there's anything specific you want to see, comment down below. But um I've been Vegas and I I'll see you guys in the next video. Bye-bye.
