Title: 5 min challenger azir guide - learn azir fast (season 15) - young
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3XVfBeHpn4

Content:
Yo, yo, guys. Young back here with another video. If you don't know who I am, I'm a former professional League of Legends player and Challenger mid laner. This is going to be my Azir guide. I've played a lot of high low and competitive games with Azir, and I'm going to be doing my [music] best to explain how to play him in 5 minutes or less. If you find this content useful, please subscribe and thanks for watching. [music] Peace. Let's go over items. So, for starting items, you're almost always going to go D ring. There's no other starting [music] item you should go. And then your first item is always going to be Nashor's Tooth. Non-negotiable. You're going to rush this every time. It's the best item on Azir cuz it gives you everything you need, attack speed and AP. And then second, I either go Rylai's or Shadowflame. I go Shadowflame if there's a lot of squishies or Rylai's if I think I need the stalling power. I think both are good second. And then third, I almost always go Rabadon's. Occasionally, I'll go Zhonya's if I first heavy AD champs or something like a Zed or like a Karthus where Zhonya's gets pretty good value. And then afterwards, you're going to round that out with Void Staff. You can go Liandry's if the enemy has a lot of HP stackers, and you can consider Banshee's if the enemy has a lot of AP. And as for boots, [music] you're always going to go Sorc's. Please don't go Berserker's Greaves. It's not good on Azir. And occasionally, if the enemy has a lot of CC, Merc's is not bad. So, that's it for items, and let's get on to runes. Let's get into runes. You're always going to go Lethal Tempo. I think it's the best rune on Azir right now as of this current patch. And then you can either go Presence of Mind if you have mana issues, but if not, you can go Triumph. And then I like going Alacrity. It's by far the best on this tree, and then I like Cut Down, but you can go either Coup de Grace or Last Stand, but I just like Cut Down. And as for the secondary rune page, if I'm versed a champ where I can poke a lot, I'm going to go Manaflow Band and Scorch. And if I'm versed champs that poke me back a lot, then I'm going to go Resolve. I'm going to go like Second Wind, Overgrowth. And for these three, I'm always going to go attack speed into adaptive force and flat health. So, that's it for runes. Let's get into his W. His W is the most central part of his kit. It interacts with basically every other ability in his kit. You just spawn a soldier. The range is like that as you can see, and it's an extension of your auto attack. So, if you auto attack, the soldier will stab them. Azir's Q is basically any soldiers you have on the ground, you can order them to charge like that, and it'll do some damage and reposition the soldier. Azir's E is basically if there's any soldiers on the ground, you can just dash through it like this. And Azir's ult is basically he'll spawn a bunch of soldiers and knock enemies back. I'll try to show you guys what it looks like on a champion. Just like that. I would say the most important interaction to know on Azir is extending your E range. Basically, if you start your dash, you can Q in the middle of your dash to extend your range like that. As you can see, this is just me with E. And if I do that again with my Q, you can extend the range just like that. You got to get used to finding his range and getting used to this interaction. It's very important. Let's get over the most important part of his kit, which is basically his ults. And I know a lot of you guys are here for the shuffle. Basically, how the shuffle looks is you're going to dash towards the enemy and then ult. And as you can see, it knocks them back. Let's go over Azir's early game. I would say his early game is pretty weak. Your goal should basically be to just farm as much as possible safely and just not interact with the enemy that much. If they ever walk up and see your soldiers, you can auto attack them, but you're going to be doing your best to just collect CS and [music] farm up as much as possible because your early game is not that good. My biggest tip for Azir early game and Azir in general is your champ is not that good at roaming early. You really want to just sit mid up until [music] maybe your first item like your first Blasting Wand or your first Recurve Bow. Just farm up and don't miss XP. It's, you know, if your jungler invades, if your team is dying, unless it's really free, I really wouldn't roam. Your champ is a 1v9 carry champ, so you really got to play for yourself and just farm as much as possible because you want to get to your items and you want to get levels in order for you to carry. Now, let's get into team fighting. Team fighting on Azir is the most important thing to know. Basically, your champ is kind of like ADC. You want to spawn soldiers from your max range and just try and poke the enemy. Save your E for when the enemy goes on you, and your ult is pretty good at peeling. As you can see in this team fight, I'm just saying sitting max range, and if I do see an opening, I mean, I failed my shuffle there. I dashed in. But other than that, you want to play really safe and only go in if it looks really free because if you go in first, the enemy's just going to focus you, and you're going to die. Once you're through early laning and you have Nashor's, your champ actually becomes pretty strong. You should look to spam push with your W using your range and just poking the enemy whenever they walk in. As you can see, I based and I have my Nashor's here. Since [clears throat] Ryze roamed, I'm just pushing as fast as possible. And basically, when you have Nashor's, you just want to force trades. As you can see here, I'm really strong on my first item and I have Lethal Tempo, so long trades are very good for me. And as you can see, we went out on that trade really hard. And basically, you just want to keep spam pushing and saving your E if the enemy jungler is coming to gank you. If not, you can look to dash in or fight the enemy. Up to you. But yeah, once you have Nashor's is when your champ really starts to shine. So, make sure to abuse your item spikes and just play strong whenever you have them. And this is something you can look for. If you get ganked, you can always ult the enemy into the tower. As you can see, Nautilus walks up, but we ult him back into the tower, and we get a good trade here. And get really strong. We get really fed off this play. And that's what you should be doing on Azir.
