Title: How to MASTER Kayn in Season 16! - Runes and Items
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_g2LyPGq3FY

Content:
Ladies and gentlemen, today is a very special day because today starts season 16 in League of Legends. And for season 16, we need to be prepared because there are so many changes. So, I've created this list of rules and items that will be the perfect starting point if you want to play Kane. My name is Visher. I've been a Kane for a longer time. I've ended up masters last season on EU West. And today, I will guide you through every single thing that you need to know. Leave a like, leave a sub, and let's jump right into it. Now, I've prepared for you 10 rune pages. Some of them are obvious, some of them are just for fun, and some of them are actually sleeper OP. Now, first of all, let's talk about the purple paint. This is the rune page that you are basically going to go for every game if you don't know which form you want to go for. And whichever you're going to hit first, you're just going to pick it. Okay, so this is basically the rune page. You can swap some things around. I like to go for six sense, but prison momentos is also pretty good. Now, the second is a blue default. This is basically what you want to go for if you're going to go play assassin. Now, you might be asking, why not footwear? Why not cosmic insight? It's because cashback and triple tonic allow you to be stronger faster. That is the whole point of an assassin. Be as strong as possible as fast as possible to deny the enemy team any scaling. So, cash back. You get 8% gold back when you purchase a legendary item. Which [music] means after every legendary purchase like Yomus, Serpents, Hubris, you're going to get around 300 gold, which is going to then transition into a free long sword, for example. Now, tripleonic, the level three one, it's just going to give you 60 gold or something. I don't know. What we are talking about is the level six and level 9 one. The level six gives you so much adaptive force that when any fight breaks out, you just pop this and you are much much stronger. And the level 9 one obviously is going to give you a free skill point. Now, I actually think that Electrocute might be even better than Dark Harvest. I did the math and electrocute damage falls off at like minute 20, but at this point, who cares? It's so good early game. You should absolutely give it a try. This one, that is a first strike rune page that not that many people utilize. It's not that easy to play as well. Fa got a little bit nerfed back in the day and it's kind of falling out of favor, but it's still pretty good. If you want to go for it, go ahead, give it a try. You're going to like it. Good for you. Now, this this is a red Kane default. Nothing to add here. This is at the default. If you are new to Kane, if you just want to play for fun, learn the champion, pick this rune page, have some fun. That's it. Now, this this is my favorite rune page. Okay, I play that basically as many games as I can. So, as you can see, we are running Axium Archanist and Transcendence. Now, why? Because I am ability haste stacking. This is going to give you 10 ability haste. And then on level 11, if you get a takedown, all the remaining cooldowns of basic abilities are getting reduced by 20%. It's insane in team fights. And because we are running axium archanist, your damage and heal on your old is going to get amplified by 12% and then scoring any takedown is going to reduce your ability cool down by 7%. Which is basically like a very mini tiny axium mark. I love this rune page. I go for it basically every game I can. There are some exceptions, but I also go for it with the ability haste maxing build, which we are going to talk about in a minute. But yeah, if you want to play a full bruiser ability haste rune page, give this one a try. Now, this one is for red cane, but it is utilizing the dark harvest. Now, this is the rune page that you actually want to go for a smaller pool of champions. Those are the things like mastery, BelvT, but also HP stacking tanks like MTO, Choath, if he is going full tank, not AP, but also for example, Vladimir, Cassadin. Those are the champions that this rune page is very, very good against because you cannot really keep the conqueror up. You have to basically burst them down. And if you are going to go for the Voltaic Shoin Grudge, then you are going to deal a massive amount of damage. Little note, if you a Vladimir and he uses his pull, you can still damage him. So many Vladimir just don't know that and then you just jump on them. They just press the W and they're like I'm safe. No, you're not safe. You just press the ult once again and you deal like half HP and they're just dead. Now this this is the one that that I actually made myself and I actually have a video about it if you want to check it out. Now why [laughter] why fleet footwork? So this rune page is mainly for rede. Okay, it's not really that good on assassin, but for the darkin, you basically play the hit and run play style. Also, another thing, fleet footwork uses the energized system. You know what also uses that? Volta, which means in one auto attack, you get move speed, heal, slow, and damage is pretty good. And also, your voltaic makes the energized system stack faster, which means you're going to get your fleet faster because it's the same system, right? So, you go for the standard voltage shoin build with this rune page. It's pretty good. If you want to give it a try, go ahead. You're going to have some fun with it. I actually realized that it's quite good into Kin Trade. I'm not going to lie because it allows you to actually stay on top of them with the voltage and also with the move speed, get some heals. It's pretty good. Now, again, it works on red Kade. It doesn't really work on blue. Give this one a try. You will not be disappointed. I promise you. Now, this is a for fun one, okay? This is for fun. You will not play that basically any game unless you just want to play with your friends in a normal game or something. If you can pull it off in ranked, be my guest. But this is just for fun. And it's mostly for red cane as well. For blue, you don't really need that move speed, right? But it's utilizing phase rush to just stay on top of someone. Aximanist, transcendence, and I don't know, gathering storm might be good. Water walking. And you can cope with that. Like you might go like this. You might go like this. You do you. [laughter] You do you. It's also the same with this one. These runes, by the way, these two pages can be used in lane. Maybe you can pull it off in lane. I don't know. Maybe there's a tough matchup that you need phase rush for. And the book is it's just the book. If you can use the book, then pretty good. [laughter] That's going to be it. Those are the four fun pages that you can try that you can have some fun. And also, I wanted to add one thing. If you are playing against like Elis in the jungle or just someone that can invade you early on and you need a little bit more defense, it is actually pretty good to go for bone plate, believe it or not. And for like unflinching or overgrowth unflinching like this rune page into Elise, pretty good. Elise will not be able to burst you down early on. So you can also experiment with that. Give it a try if you like it. That's awesome. With runes covered, let's move to the items. Okay, so I've got blue, red, and for fun. Blue is basically straightforward. Red is more versatile. For fun, obviously for fun. Blue will be basically like your standard hubris into axium or like yumus into serapants or if not serpents and opportunity. Those are just you can swap them around. Hubris into axum is like I think the most popular build now for Blue Kane. So yeah, this is just two core builds that Blue Kane uses. It's not going to change that much. I also put Bastion Breaker in here. It's not going to be an early game item by any means. It's more of a mid to late game item to close out the game to just play around objectives and that's about it for blue. Okay, I just finished my stream and one of my viewers told me about one build that might be actually cooking. It's opportunity into Umbrell into Bastion Breaker into Seras. So, the thing is that Umbrell got a little bit changed right now. It gives you 60 AD, 18 lethality, 15 ability haste, and your first auto attack against an enemy champion deals bonus true damage. And the build is also on the cheaper side, except for the bastion breaker. This one is expensive, but overall it feels really good, so definitely give this one a try. Now, red cane. Red cane is where the fun begins. So, we've got the classic Voltaic build. Now, you've got the new item, Endless Hunger. If you don't know what it does, it gives you 60 AD, 5% omni vamp, 20% tenacity. The famine passive gives you ability haste based on your AD. And feast makes it so after you kill someone, you get a 15% omnivamp for 8 seconds. But it's more of a third to fourth item. You can change this. If you don't need crush early on, the enemy team is not stacking armor. You just go for endless hunger and do like death dance or maybe just something like this. Malmortous. If you don't need test dance right boots, it's basically going to be steel caps or mer shreds. In some rare situation, it's going to be Ionian boots. In very very rare situations, that's going to be boost of swiftness if you really need that slow resistance. Now, because this item has tenacity and it's not really ideal to go for mess some games you are going to have to anyway, so it's still fine. Now, this is my favorite build. Okay, this is the one that I was talking about. Ability haste maxing. I love this build. I have so much experience on that build. I'm a bruiser player, okay? I love playing bruisers. I love playing tanks. I'm not really an assassin player. I'm the red guy. And this build, your queue is on like 2 second cool down and it is so much damage still. You might be actually thinking that because you're not going for pure damage. You're going for bruiser. You are not doing that much damage. That's wrong. You are still doing so much damage and you're so tanky and healing so much. It's insane. First item is going to be Shojin. It's just the best in this build. I was trying to go for a black lever first for some time, maybe like a month or two. I came to the conclusion that Shojin first item is just the best. Two items is always going to be Shojin into black cleaver. Always unless you have like Renekton top lane that went black first item, then you might be switching to like endless hunger. Not a problem. But your third item is always going to be one of these four. It just depends what you need. If the enemy team has so much burst, they have like Darius or Garin or Choath, something that can just burst you down and they have the execute type ults, then you're going to go stra because if you didn't know, death stance does not block true damage. So if Darius ults you or Cho'Gath or Garin, you're going to be dead. That's why Sterax is just the best. Now if they have so much AD, Dance obviously perfect item. If you just want to go omnivamp, you don't really need armor or magic resistance. Endless hunger amazing. [music] And if you need some magic resistance, spirit vis perfect item for you. Amplifies the healing by 25%, gives you 50 magic resist. Now for boots, I know we are stuck in ability haste, but Ionian boots are not really that important. You need that tankiness, right? So you're going to go for plated steel caps or mers. Sometimes Ionians and in some very very very rare situations, you're going to go for a boot of stance. Now, this build that is basically Voltaic, but just instead of voltaic, you're going Eclipse. That's it. It's going to be good into some matchups that are kind of mobile like for against Jarvin. This build is not really that great because Jarvin can just hop around. So, Eclipse is just fine. Now, you can also go full lethality. Full lethality is pretty good if you're going for the dark harvest build. You're going to be very squishy, though. Be careful. Now, the thing is I put Yomus in here instead of Hubris because Redk is not that mobile, right? So Yomus actually just helps you with that and you just slap any other lethality item that you need. You can just type lethality and buy any of these. It's going to be good. Now light fighter. Now this is the item page that you don't really play full bruiser but you also don't really play lethality. You just want to play a light fighterish style shoin into endless hunger into like destinance or garage. You can change the order. It's going to be pretty good. It's pretty good into full AD as well. That's why I didn't uh put mercs in here. But other than that, yeah, that if you want to play with that, go ahead. And the last one is going to be front line. That's basically if your team drafted poorly, if you don't have no front line, then you're going to go for this build. Shojin into black cleaver because you still need some damage. Black cleaver is a very good supportive item. And then you just build any tank item in existence that you need. And that's basically it. For the last part, we have four fun builds, okay? if you just want to have some fun, if you just want to mess around with your friends. So, the first one is going to be energize. Now, this one is to be paired with the fleet rune. Okay, so fleet into voltaic into storm razor into rapid fire cannon. In one auto attack, you get all of those benefits. Now, second one is going to be crit. Crit is very good with like hell of blades for example. You just smash them. That's it. And the last one is going to be on hit. Try to play that with a lethal tempo. You will not be disappointed. That is quite fun. As I said, it might not be good competitively. So, be careful if you go for builds like that in ranked. You might be actually griefing. And yeah, that's going to be it. Thank you very much for watching. I hope I helped. If you have any questions, leave them down in the comment. As usual, I'm going to be streaming on Twitch, twitch.tv/wisher. Come join my Discord. Leave a like, leave a sub. Thank you very much. I hope you are going to have an amazing day or night, and I'm going to see you in the next one. See youa.
