Title: The ONLY Twitch Guide You Need - Twitch Guide League of Legends (Twitch Top Guide)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQjZARDmwU8

Content:
Hey guys, and welcome to my new guide for Twitch Top lane, where I teach all of the best combos, abilities, builds, runes, and so much more. If you want to support the full champion guides and want to see more, you can now support the channel with as little as €1 a month on Patreon. The link is in the description. Let's start with the abilities of Twitch first. Twitch passive lets your basic attacks infect the target, dealing true damage each second. Twitch Q lets you go invisible and gain movement speed. When leaving the invisibility, Twitch also gains attack speed for a short duration. This ability also resets when Twitch kills an enemy champion. Twitch W slows target in the selected area and applying your passive on the target as well. Twitch E deals massive amount of damage based on the amount of stacks of your passive on your target. Twitch alt gives you bonus attack damage and bonus attack range for a short duration. Your auto attacks also go through the enemy targets allowing you to hit multiple targets at the same time. Next, we got the runes and builds for Twitch top lane. For runes, you always go little tempo with soden and old hunter as your main page for long extended fights or the exact same rune page, but this time with PDA for much stronger short trades. You can also go exile with gathering storm in the secondary to scale stronger towards the mid late game. As for the bonus stats, you always want to take one point into attack speed, another point into adaptive, and another point into HP scaling. As for the builds, you got Dorne's blade as your main starter item every single game. For your boots, you want to go Berserus Greaves as your standard item or steel caps merc Swiftness based on very hard matchups. As for builds, this one is the standard build for Twitch, which is the new crit build, and you'll take this versus very tanky enemies. You can also go for the exact same build, but this time we have more reminder to counter healing with anti-heal. The third build is the collector crit build to snowball and win the early game specifically. And then you've also got the AoE onhead build, which I specifically recommend versus massive tanks when you need to have wave clear and also strong team fights. I also highly recommend anti-heal in the early game to counter healing if needed. And these two items to counter heavy AP. The next two items are also great versus heavy CC. And I also highly recommend shield bow versus burst damage and guardians angel as a last item for more survivability in team fights. I've also added all these builds into one entire item set and I've shared it on my Discord server. Make sure to check it out after the video. For the skill order, you want to max out your E first, then your Q, and then your W. For the summoner spells, you always take ghost flash for Twitch top lane. Let's talk about the combos for Twitch next. Twitch doesn't have very crazy combos, but one I specifically want to mention is the auto Q combo. You can actually auto attack while casting Q, which can be useful for that extra damage. The second combo is the Q recall, which allows you to recall a bit more safely. The third combo is the Q auto W combo. It's great to get an auto attack in after you get out of invisibility before they know where you are, and then you can press W after to slow them. Now, let's get into an educational gameplay and I'll teach you guys exactly on how to play the early game for Twitch as well as the mid game and also the late game. All right, guys. Welcome back to another YouTube video. Today, once again, playing some Twitch in the top lane again. Today, we have Twitch versus Tom Kench match up. And for runes, we got Leo Temple, we got presence, Already cut down, we got Sod also running the ultimate hunter. Guys, we're going to have a good time. Twitch top lane. I've made so many videos about Twitch top lane, and I'm going to showcase you once again. Okay. Um, for those people that have never played Twitch top lane before, basically the way how Twitch top lane works, um, is you have a hyper scaling champion. Twitch top lane is not that strong in the early game, but he's one of the most OP champions to exist in the mid lane game. Um, once you scale to him, on top of that, you're basically like a jungler 2.0, but in the top lane because you have an invisibility, so you can quue to mid lane, get kills there, queue to bot lane, get kills there. Um, and he's going to jump. Yeah. side step. No, that one failed. >> Um, and on top of that, you have your W combo, which gives you like crazy wave clear. So, yeah, let's have a blast with this. Unfortunately, the matchup is not the greatest. Tom Kench can literally just uh W up to me and then press E and everything. So, it's not going to be an easy one. But if I respect the early game and I build towards the Berserker's Greaves, uh this matchup will turn very quickly. I can also uh run the crit build. I could also run the um the AoE on hit build as well, which is probably what I'm going to end up doing anyways. So yeah, we're just basically avoiding trades against him for now. Well, that's a bit of a surprise, I will admit. Because as long as we keep dodging that jump from him, we can realistically auto as much as we want. As long as we dodge the queue as well. It's a very aggressive Tomkench. I'll lose some last hits, but that's because we're on our tower. All right, now we're going to try stacking it up. We have Ivor pathing top lane, so we're going to try playing really aggressive here. Oh, this is it. Yep. ghost as well. I have my E ready. I'm going to save it. And now we use it at towards the end. And we got it. Nice. So with Twitch top toppling, you uh specifically want to focus on playing it safe in the early game. Either you make the decision to hard push the wave out with getting ite item advantage or getting autos in in the early game. or you're going to choose to freeze and take as little damage as possible because one problem that Twitch top lane has is that you don't have a dash. >> So you scale very hard but you don't have a dash. So if you don't have a dash and you get caught up in like Caston or whatever, you're dead. That's the problem with Twitch. So you have to make really good decisions. I recently made a guide for Jin top lane as well which has the exact same problems. So, for example, Jin top lane has a lot of damage. He's got that rooe on W. He's got uh basically everything the same with Twitch as well. He just hypers scales. Well, this is exactly the same. Twitch top lane and Jin top lane are very, very similar. The only difference is that Twitch is not a super long range champion as a default. Your ultimate will allow you to do it for a short period of time, but that's really it. We do scale way harder though. Uh way harder though. So, usually when you play Twitch top lane, like right now, you could just W the entire thing and just press E button and the whole wave goes down immediately. Um, but again, TW uh Twitch versus Tomkench is very hard to play because he has that ability that can jump towards me. So, uh yeah, we staying max range, man. Uh we got Berserker Scream, so we have movement speed now. So, that's great. I'm probably going to place a ward down right here so I can tell what he's doing uh very soon. Oh, told you. He once again tried >> to jump on me with that ability and we successfully dodged the ability. On top of that, also the Q as well. So, that's great. Nice. Uh, seems like the enemy jungler is here right now. So, that's great. See if I can just wave clear it all. Cuz if I can get rid of this wave here, he's not going to dive me under tower. Cuz what I'm scared about right now is that the enemy jungler is going to try and dive me under tower. This might actually happen. Oh, he actually hit the first queue, I think, today. Or the maybe the second one. >> An enemy has been slain. >> Okay. Yeah, we got him here. Nice. >> He will unfortunately survive. H he's staying under the He's unfortunately staying in that bush. >> Yeah, I can't go in there because So, one thing that you never want to do when you play AD carries in top lane is go into the bush. That's one thing you don't want to do. I was hiding. >> Okay, we have to be really careful for one thing only. Not my opponents. My opponent is super low, but I can easily dive to the enemy jungler right now. So, we're going to play this safe knowing that the jungler can be here. Oh, >> he's not here. Okay. Well, I can do my part. So, I just see him on the map now. Well, he survived that. >> Dude, this is okay. This is unacceptable. Let me see if I can push. >> That's the unfortunate reality playing against a Tom Kenge. But this is just one thing that he can do. All right. >> Well, I'm out. Probably not cuz I have to push this out. Never mind. We can push this because the jungler still seems to be on the drake. So, yeah. >> We got him now. So, I would say this is a good trade because we get tonken and they get the drake. Like I would say it's worth it for me because I'm playing Twitch top lane. So, you know, that that alone is just going to be worth it enough because if I get to snowball this match, then I basically am going to take over the entire match. I think in terms of build today, I would like to go for the Yun build um because I want to show you guys the meta build right now. So, what I actually wanted to do was I was going to go for the blade AOE on hit build. This is one of my personal favorite builds right now. I don't want to build that right now. I want to showcase you guys the meta build. I want to showcase you guys the the build that everybody uses. Um, probably going to go for Lord Dominic stuff, but we're going to aim to go for that build today. I want to show showcase specifically that build. So, does mean that Yun is not going to be as great versus Tom Kench. It is a fine item. like it's it's it's it's all right. Blade is better, but I want to showcase you guys the crit build. Um because even though I run into a Tomkench top lane, they also have a Shen support. I can use that build versus everybody else. All right. Well, now we just got to wait. We got to play this very slowly. We going to have to figure out where the enemy jungler is. So, this is basically like default thinking right here. You have to know exactly where the enemy jungle is going to be before you decide to make a play. Uh, highly recommend. >> Like a fine egg. >> Okay, this might be it. Did not expect it. >> Oh, we Well, we found out why, I guess. >> Oh, yeah. That's not going to be that great for me. I think I'm probably dead. Yeah, consider me dead. >> They played that really well. I was very curious to why he did that because I think he knew that my jungle was here, but it's because his jungle was here as well and they hyperfocused me. So smart. It's all right. Let's go for two attack speed here. I should be able to make it back uh very quickly. >> Let's move. >> I'll use the red drinker probably for later. The wave is actually in a very good spot right now. I like where it is. I really like where it is. It's very safe to say I'm not going to beat that tongue catch right now. It's not going to happen. >> It's sticky. So you don't >> He's got too much health. >> Yes, he's getting away very easily. Okay, I'm going to consider pushing this out very hard. so that we can rotate. >> Well, never mind because Tomkench is apparently forcing me. >> This could be because there could be a jungler again. >> Yeah, we have to do a lot of dodging in this matchup. >> It is what it is. It's fine. I'm just going to allow it to push in my direction. >> We have to pay really close attention. See where the enemy jungler is going to be. >> This could be it. an enemy. >> So you see like you can have a matchup like Tomkench, he can play that really well, but >> basically we scale. If we play the if we play the match very slowly, we will actually win. And uh, of course, I haven't shown you guys the actual strength of Twitch top lane yet, and which is actually rotating with your Q to mid lane and getting kills in a different lane. Now, we're not really showcasing that too much in this one yet. Apparently, they're going to go for Drake. I'll see if I can push this out. All right, we're fast enough. >> Very nice. I'm actually considering selling uh Dorn's Blade. Now, something I I got to get out of out of the way. Okay, I've got to say this. I feel like this is very very important is my opponent is actually building hard steel. Now, if you want to counter hard steel, guys, just don't fight them cuz they can never proc the item then. Yeah, I'm serious. Um, just don't let them auto attack you. If you're consistent with that, um, they're going to regret their decision really fast. Trust me. Now, what's really what's really interesting is, uh, he's actually freezing the wave here. Um, there could be a reason for that. Obviously, he wants to fight me, but I also think that the jungler could be here as well. Very safe to say this might be the case here. So yeah, we just do the uh most fun trick here. Press E with W. Rotate. It's going to continue freezing the wafer. >> Uh let me check. >> An enemy has been slain. >> This is really smart. Uh just so you know, he's freezing this. So, I'm basically forced >> and I got caught into that. >> Wow. All right, I got hit on the edge. Yeah, this is one of the hardest things about the matchup. Um, he still got that one. That's sad. He even cast his ghost, so I had to flash immediate. Unfortunate. He might be casting it again. We'll see. That's unbelievable that I got hit again by the same ability. Yeah, I'm dead. I would say the second one, he did a great job. Man, this matchup is unbelievably difficult because the moment you get caught by that ability, you're basically dead, guaranteed. I've got my teleport. I'm going to use it right away. Let's go. We should be dead. Let's go for tower. I'm willing to take the skill here. I'm not ulting. I'm obviously saving that. >> Nice. All right, we're going to be changing the plan here. I have to get rid of this lane because this is the part in the matchup where things get really challenging. Okay, we're going to start losing um at this base here. We want to try and get rid of the lane. We have to force that tower in, get it done with, and then we start rotating, getting kills everywhere. The laning phase is the hardest part. Once you make it out of laning phase, it's bas basically over. There you go. Look. >> Nope. And now we start playing the match. Let's go back to base. I'm going to go bot lane. So, we still play top lane, but we're going to like uh try and snowball the match off of different lanes. Now, >> destroyed. >> Let's go. Yep. Tom Kench is also rotating. I would say that's a mistake in my opinion. That's a that's a bad mistake. >> An enemy has been slain. >> Okay, nice. Got another one. Go back to pushing again. >> Yeah, things are going to change. He wants the wave so bad. He's willing to spam all abilities for it. Okay, sure, man. >> And now we push this out too and go back after. >> Nice. you buy this item, too. He didn't see me because of my All right. So, uh I didn't even talk about that yet, but one thing that I always highly recommend is when you are when you're playing Twitch top lane, I do always recommend press Q and then backport after. Always do that. That's a good example of why you should Then we can push this no problem. >> Okay. Yeah, you can notice we're not playing top lane as much. We have to push it in a different lane right now. >> We can actually get the uh second item soon. We can do some uh we can get some kills here. It's going to need my jungler to set it up. When you're in a fight like this, make sure you cast your Q um so you can get the attack speed back. So, in the middle of the fight, if you know you're getting multiple kills in the middle of the fight, always cast your Q, right? And keep like a Q as a backup. Sometimes sometimes it's worth keeping a queue as a backup. So if you're getting like four kills, you know you're going to get four kills. Keep the third one as a backup >> so you can use it in a different case. But in the middle of a fight, if you know you're getting more kills, more than just one, uh just cast it a second time. You will not regret it. Trust me. Uh he's very very tanky. We have no uh onhead builds for that guy. So, we will get him, but it's it's going to take some time. Yep. Pretty good. Okay, now let's get the main item. Now, before we get the main item, I'm quickly going to go back top lane. We're going to try and take the wave. Now, you can see that like we have the first item, right? We have the Yun build. We get all the crit. Now, you see what what champion I'm actually playing, right? So, the early game was very hard to play out. We actually even died. um somewhere late in the early game. We literally scale, we get my Yall build finished and now it's a completely different match. >> Like I don't recognize the early game anymore from this. This is we're playing a completely different champion now. >> Okay, let's go back to base here. We're going to go for No. No, we don't surrender, man. I'm about to start. Okay, let's get that item. And we rotate towards the Drake now. All right, check this out. I am on my way. Unfortunately, they took the red buff, but that's all right. Yep. Two of them. >> And just like that, we got everything. So now we can get the Infinity Edge, which is going to make everything different. Unbelievable. That arrow from my AD carry actually hit. I'm going to kite away here cuz Tomkinch is still a problem to me. >> Yeah, I'm not going in because Tomkench is Tomkench. We got to respect that guy. Okay, now we get the third item which is going to make me even more OP. And on top of that, we get a long sword. Now you'll see how everything is going to change because now we have Yall, we have the second item, and we have the Infinity Edge. So this is the core build of Twitch top lane. This is what you want to be building most of the time. Let's go. >> I'm on to you. I'm going to find the ADC here. He should be here somewhere. An >> ally has been slain. Yep. You see how easy that is? I think that my team has this. Yeah, probably not. It depends on if this guy actually hits some abilities. >> All right. Yeah, it's fine. Doesn't matter. All right. Ah, it doesn't matter. Uh, it would have been cool if I actually uh got one of them, but I don't think this will be the end of the world. Uh, it was a good play. Honestly, I saw Nefari move up here. I didn't know that uh that I would see his teammate up here, too. It's unfortunate. All right. Uh, be moving towards bot lane because Katarina is farming top lane now. Uh, one thing they do have drake coming up in 2 minute 30 and that's their last drake. So, we have to fight for it for it. Let's go. This will be a really tough one. Oh, well that fawn didn't last that long. Oh, almost. Well, okay. I think I might consider to continue pushing out cuz we don't really see them. Well, we see them on the map now. They're on like four, but we don't see more Tomkenches. Yeah, Tomkench life right here. If I pressed my E, I was trying to, I would have got him. Dude, it's uh this town Kenchi is the only person that's been outplaying me the entire match. I will admit, man, I did not expect this. All right, let's go for Lord uh for the Lord's build. Um this one, we need to have like 17 more gold. We need to group again. >> Uh this time I will save my ultimate. Uh Drake is coming up in like 1 minute. I need my team to not die before Drake now cuz it's spawning in like 1 minute. >> All right. >> Yes. Yes. >> We need to be there. Let's buy this >> whisper will be straight bacon. >> Yeah, Drake is coming up in 40. I'm like spam pinging because I need my team to be there. Uh Katarina's dying, which is super bad. >> An enemy has been slain. >> Could maybe uh catch this guy real fast. An ally has been slain. >> You have slain an enmy. >> Ligo, thank you so much for the for the raid, dude. >> Well, that's going too well. Nice. Yeah, that drake is pretty much ours. We need that drake. is more valuable than towers are. >> First, we get Drake and then we can play the match further. Yep. Look how fast we can do it. And I'm ready. see if I can quickly catch somebody here. I'm trying to figure out if there's like any kind of wards. But yeah, they actually they apparently knew exactly where I was. But at least we get the kills again. So whatever. We can actually get my next component. This component is going to change everything in the game. And then obviously the last item we can go for is going to be the BT item which will give life steal and shield. And that's basically it for the entire build. But yeah, you can see like the late game, dude. This is the late game of playing Twitch top lane. This is what you're playing for. This is your main reason for playing him. You know, it's not the it's not the early game. The early game from Twitch top lane is not that interesting in my opinion. Like you either uh one v one you get kills or you have to play safe um or you rotate. It's mostly you playing safe though. And um yeah, once you reach the late game it's just a completely different story. >> Nice. Looking forward to get a little bit of life steal. Just a tiny bit of life steal. So, I'm going to push next wave two and never happy. Very nice. Okay, now I can play. I've got uh I've got sustain on my build. So, here we go. Now I'm ready. Let's see if I can group in mid lane. >> Are you guys ready for this? >> I can't even taste the air of >> first. I'm going to focus Moulder. Three auto attacks, guys. If that doesn't tell you anything, Then I don't know what will, man. But I got that guy in three auto attacks. So a little bit unfair. >> Uh my teammate is not paying attention at all. Not paying attention at all, man. >> I don't even think he noticed. I don't think that my that my that my Zigs even noticed that I was getting chased down, man. All right. She had no idea. >> That would be fine because Six has an ability that can push the jungler away and then we can kite him afterwards. Would have been cool. Uh, very quick question. Will we see Scarder top lane? Uh, yeah, eventually after I I think it's going to take a little while though. >> Who's following me? >> Okay, I need my team to grow up and that's it. Unfortunate the Fury went inside of the ability that could cause him to go uh unargetable for a while. I knew that Tom Kench ability was going to land, but I was trying to use the uh the bush from Ivvern. Nice. >> The answer is simple, man. We group and then we win cuz ultimately like we've been going one versus nine the entire time. We just need my team to like not die right now. All right, we are going to lose that drake. Drake is coming up in 20 and my team needs to get their health back. I'm going to buy a potion here just to increase my damage. >> Let's go. We might lose the Drake now. Actually, we're being separated. Yeah, we need they need they need to move there. Oh. Okay, I went inside of the unargetable and I'm CCed again by him. So, I had a reason why I went here instead of somewhere in our own jungle, right? The reason why I went here instead of being here was because there was a teleport on our back. There was one guy here which were actually both the champions that can seize me into oblivion. So if I position here and they move like this, they will not know where I am cuz I based on what I saw like they didn't know. They had no idea. Um so I was trying to delete the fury. I got him down to like 20%. I think it was pretty nice. Yeah. Uh you guys saying guardian not worth? It is worth but I'm going to go BT. I need that shield. The only problem we got in this match is that we have no front line. That's the main problem. We have no front line. >> Uh we have pretty much all champions that get deleted instantly. Uh we have Ivvern that can be front line cuz he has an ultimate that can be front line, but still. An ally has been slain. >> Nice. >> I have to farm up in order to >> get my item, the most important item of all. We also have to figure out where where Smolder is going to be. I'm going to quickly farm up to get my items not being picked up anyway. >> I'll be right under. >> Okay, >> we'll see how well this is going to work. I think that Smolder is going to be here somewhere. Yep. >> Trying to figure out where this uh Shen is, but I can't really find him. Well, I think this might be the match. I think Your team has destroyed an inhibitor. >> They can keep going. No, I think we can keep going. >> Yep. Well, this match is over. Yeah, it's over. Hey, this is uh Twitch Top Lane. Thank you for watching today's Twitch Top lane video, and I'll see you guys next time. Peace.
