Title: 3 Minute Yasuo Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58k0JahvBto

Content:
Why play Yasuo top? Well, he brings amazing constant damage. He is very mobile. His kit counters projectile champions and he has massive outplay potential. However, he does take some time to master and he is damage reliant so can struggle from behind. Yaso's first passive is whenever he buys crit strike chance, he gains double the amount, and anything over 100% grants him attack damage. His second passive is when he moves, he generates his bar. When the bar is full, the next time he takes damage from a champion or monster, he gains a shield. Yasawo's Q is a short-range straightline skill shot, which deals damage to all targets hit and grants him a stack. Once he has two stacks, his third Q becomes a longer range straightline skill shot, which also knocks up enemies. Yaso's W throws out a wall, which blocks and deletes all enemy projectiles. Yaso's E is a point-and-click ability, which dashes him a set distance to that enemy, dealing damage to them. This ability has a very short cool down, and when used, it empowers the next one to deal 25% more damage, which can stack up to four times. In addition, if Yaso's Q is used mid dash, it instead deals a circle of damage around him. And if this is the third Q, it still knocks up. Yaso's ultimate can only be used if a nearby enemy champion is airborne. Upon use, his secondary bar is instantly filled, and he knocks up all enemy champions, dealing damage to them. Then, for the next 15 seconds, damage dealt by Yaso's crits ignore a massive amount of the targets bonus armor. For combos, start with your third Q already charged. Then, use E and Q. Make sure to attack before using alt and then attack again into Q and more attacks. And if you land your third Q from range, ult into an attack and Q. Attack into E before attacking and queuing away. For matchups, Yaso is great into range top laners, blocking key abilities and easily getting onto them, and he can struggle against some of the harder lane bullies that you'll find in top. For runes, take this. Lethal tempo along with green tree makes you an amazing jewelist. For build order, start blade and pot into tier 2 boots and a bork. From here, a shield bow and i.e. They're great pickups before finishing your build with any of these as needed. For skill order, start Q then E then W before maxing Q then E then W, taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and teleport. While a lot of Yasuos will be tempted by ignite over teleport, the top lane Yaso does tend to be more of a split pusher, so teleport is important. Starting the game, as always, you're looking to farm hard and take good trades. From the first couple of levels, Yasuo can play aggressive. Having access to multiple short cooldown Q's as well as a resetting E is just great aggression. However, Yasuo's Q cooldown is reliant on his attack speed. So, if you can get your Berserker's grease on your first back, you're in a ridiculously strong position. Otherwise, just keep stacking your Q and then looking to play aggressive when it's stacked. Enter in the mid game. You want to take your tower as soon as possible. From here, Yasuo is a strong split pusher. So, push the wave out as far as you can safely and then either look for towers and fights or group up with your team. Entering late game team fights, you are the hyper carry, but how you play depends on your team. If your team has easy access to knockups, wait for them to engage and then follow up. Otherwise, play a frontto-back play style where you just attack anything in front of you, then wait your chance to get on their backline before diving
