Title: 3 Minute Kayn Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDWYA3CmIws

Content:
Why play Kane Top? Well, he has amazing sustain. He easily cuts through tanks. He brings great AOE damage and he is very mobile around the map. However, he is very weak before he gets his form and he does need to play into a mele champion to get his red form fast. Kane's passive is he gains experience towards turning into his red form or blue form. Every time he damages an enemy champion or gets a takedown, he gets orbs which grants experience towards it. When he damages melee enemies, he gets orbs towards his red form. And when he damages ranged enemies, he gets orbs towards his blue form. Once you have enough, when you go back to your fountain, you can transform. However, if you get the form that you don't want, after four minutes, you can choose the other. We are focusing purely on his red form for this build, where he gets a passive where he heals for 25% of all the damage he deals to enemy champions with abilities. Kane's Q has two activations. Firstly, it's a straight line dash, which deals damage to all enemies he passes through, and then he deals damage in a circle around him. When he's in red form, this ability deals a large amount of additional max health damage. Kane's W is a rectangular skill shot where after a short delay, it deals damage to all enemies hit and slows them. And when he's in red form, this also knocks up. Kane's E grants him a large amount of movement speed and the ability to move through terrain. And when he enters terrain, he heals himself. This ability lasts for a long time. However, if he spends too long out of terrain or gets in combat, this ends early. Kane's ultimate can only be used on an enemy champion that is damaged recently. It causes him to vanish and then dash to the champion. Then after a short delay, he explodes out of them in your chosen direction and deals damage to them. And when he's in red form, he also heals a large amount of the damage dealt. For combos, your basic go-to is to attack into Q, attack into W, then attack into alt. And when engaging, use E into W and attack. From here, Q into an attack before using alt. For matchups, Kane is amazing into tanks, quickly getting orbs and dealing massive damage to them. And he can struggle into pure dualists or range top laners. For runes, take this. More damage and healing from conqueror is everything you want. For build order, start blade and pot into tier two boot and an eclipse. From here, a black cleave and shoans are great pickups before finishing a build with any of these. For skill order, start Q then W then E before maxing Q then W then E, taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and teleport. Starting the game, you're looking to farm hard and take trades early and often. Taking these fights early to get orbs is incredible, and the faster you become red cane, the faster you become a beast. However, one of your power spikes is your symbiotic souls. When you get these, you become fast. And the fact your E lasts for 7 seconds, it means from your fountain, you can use E combined with these boots to get most of the way back to your lane. What this means is you can more or less back every single wave. So you can take any bad trade you want. Simply back and then come back for the next wave. Keep up this play style until you get red cane. Entering the mid game, take your tower as soon as possible and split push. You clear waves easily and after pushing it out hard, you can use your E to collapse through the enemy jungle onto fights. Entering late game team fights, play a front to back play style. Attack anything in front of you with your massive damage cutting through tanks. Then when you get the opportunity to land a single instance of damage on their backline, alt into them and quickly remove them from the map. And that's how to play Cane Top. If this video helped you, leave a like and comment below who you want to see
