Title: He Was Mocked for Awakening an S-Class Ability, and the Next Moment He Summoned Billions of Shadows!
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANk7jqF0PXE

Content:
Luo Ching Shiua S-level superpower frosty soul. The second middle school principal's exclamation immediately made the awakening platform lively as expected of Luo University's campus bell with an S-rank ice type ability. How will Suchin possibly defeat her in 3 days? The 3-day duel between the betrothed children will probably have to be cancelled. Lu Ching Shu on the stage had a cool and aloof expression. She tilted her head slightly, glanced at the young man below the stage, and then gracefully stepped off the stage. Principal Wong Dong Li's smile vanished, and he said sternly, "Quiet, continue the awakening." Next, class 6 of senior 3, Lu Chushua, below the stage, Su Chun frowned slightly as class superpower, the promise to her in 3 days, and it's already starting. He looked down at the betroal contract he had made with Luo Chingshu in his hand. Three years ago, he died suddenly and transmigrated to this martial arts world where monsters roamed and everyone awakened their supernatural abilities. He had just come to understand this world when he was met with the Luo Chingshua family's demand to hand over the broken engagement contract. Breaking off an engagement is a disgrace for a man. Suchin refused outright and set a three-year agreement. A showdown will take place 3 days after he awakens his superpowers on his 18th birthday, which is today. If he loses, he has to hand over a marriage contract. If he wins, whether the marriage is finalized or not is up to him. Hans Shalley patted him on the shoulder from behind. Brother Chin, keep it up. I believe you can awaken your superpower. Such Chin turned around and a mechanical notification sounded. Ding. Live transmigrated detected. Killing system now bound. The host is rewarded with the awakening of an S-rank dark elemental ability, an accompanying artifact, an S-rank Death Scythe, and 1,000 kill points. Suchin clenched his fist. Next up, class 6 step forward to awaken. He stepped onto the awakening platform, holding the death scythe, S-rank dark element. Here I come. The principal gently reminded him, don't be nervous. Just place your hand on the awakening stone. The moment he touched the awakening stone, a dark shadow surged into Su Chins eyes, and the light on the playground suddenly dimmed. Wong Dongs face flushed red. It's an anomaly. Definitely an S-class superpower. The students below the stage all retreated, standing in the darkness, feeling a suffocating sense of death staring at them. Luo Chingshu frowned slightly. The butler commented in a low voice, "Dark type supernatural abilities won't amount to much. Miss will definitely win in 3 days." On the awakening platform, a throne of shadow materialized. Suchin sat down, gripping the death scythe, his gaze sweeping across the entire arena like a shadow. He was more like a king of the night returning from the long night, sitting on his throne and looking down upon all living beings. The strange phenomenon gradually dissipated, and the awakening device clearly displayed Su Chin's ability, Such Chun, Srank ability, shadow monarch. Wong Donglai was thrilled to see this scene and immediately picked up the home room teacher of class 6, kissing him on the lips several times. He couldn't hide his excitement upon seeing Su Chun awaken his S-level superpower. It's here. It's here. Principal, you don't look like you brushed your teeth, the home room teacher reminded him, blushing. Wong Dong Li awkwardly put her down, then turned to the students and announced, "Such Chun S-rank dark type ability, shadow monarch." The audience erupted in commotion. Some discussed S-rank Dark Element. The duel in three days is going to be exciting. Dark Element is inferior to ice element and even weaker than A rank lightning and fire. Dark Element is only suitable for sneak attacks and reconnaissance and at most it can be used for joining in the fun. Wong Dongai patted Such Chun on the shoulder. Kid, don't listen to their nonsense. An S-rank dark attribute is still an S-rank. Such encountered. p principal. Do you also believe my abilities are weaker than those of lightning, fire, and ice? Wong Dong Li frankly admitted, "The power of S-level dark element is indeed slightly weaker than that of thunder and fire. Come to my office later to collect the S-level genius resources." Su Chan smiled faintly. "Three days later, I will let them see the true power of the dark element." A blue light screen appeared before Such Chen's eyes. Name: Such Chun. Special ability S-rank: Shadow Monarch. Realm Awakened Plus. Combat skill none. Companion artifact S-rank Death Scythe. Cultivation method basic supernatural ability cultivation method kill points 1,00 system. Does this plus sign mean I can upgrade? Yes, host. A plus sign means I can add points to upgrade. Can it be upgraded to SS rank? Suchin asked. Upgrading to SS rank requires 100,000 kill points. Upgrading the accompanying spirit weapon, the death scythe, requires 50,000 points. Such Chun felt a surge of excitement, but he also knew he still needed to accumulate kill points. He was going to crush Luo Chingshi in 3 days and restore the glory of dark type abilities. Before the ceremony ended, Wong Dong Lai reminded him, "Such Chan, have you discovered your dark type trait?" Suchin asked in confusion, "Trait?" Wong Dongai explained, "Elemental abilities above S- level will have unique characteristics. For example, Mory's S-level lightning energy is more destructive than that of the same level." Such Chan condensed dark element in his hand, black energy leaping in his palm. Wong Dongai smiled and said, "Take your time to explore and your unique characteristics will emerge." Suchin nodded, turned, and stepped off the stage, bumping into Han Shia. Brother Chun, you looked so cool sitting on the throne just now. Just as the two were joking around, Lu Hai, the Luo family's butler, came over and said, "Such Chun, the duel in 3 days is canled. As long as you marry into the Luo family and change your surname to Luo, we can provide you with cultivation resources." Su Chun chuckled softly. "Come, come closer." Luh High stepped forward. "Haven't you always been infatuated with my young lady? Your chance to marry into her family has arrived. Such Chin's eyes turned cold and he clenched his fist and slammed it down. With a muffled thud, Luhai staggered back, several teeth flying out of his mouth. What are you pretending for? I have no interest in marrying into your ungrateful Luo family. Luhi blushed and was furious. How dare you hit me? Suchin kicked Luhai in the chest. What? So what if I hit you? Luhai was kicked away and crashed heavily to the ground. He struggled to his feet, activated his supernatural power. A red light flashing. Such Chun, come on. You think you can survive attacking an S-rank prodigy in the Dragon Kingdom. Anyone who harms an S-level superhuman is sentenced to death. Luhai knew something was wrong. I gave you a chance and you didn't cherish it. Wait for Miss Luo to deal with you in 3 days. Enough. A cold voice rang out. Luhai looked up and saw Luo Chingshua. His face turned pale. Miss apologized to him. Luo Chingshua said coldly. The ground began to freeze silently and Lu Hai was so frightened that he apologized repeatedly. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Suchin looked disgusted. He really had an ugly face. Luo Chingshu raised her eyes. After the decisive battle in 3 days, we will have no further connection. Fine, I couldn't be happier. Looking at Lu Chingua's sportsware and her long slender legs, he couldn't help but sigh. She really is the school beauty. Although the two were betrothed as children, they hadn't spoken for many years. 18 years ago, Su Chins parents saved Luo Chingshu's parents from a monster attack and the two families became friends and arranged a marriage between their children. 3 years ago, Su Chin transmigrated here. His parents died. The Luo family broke off their engagement. And in the past few years, he has risen to become a top family in Chuanching. Lu Ching Shuet took out her storage ring. This is compensation for Luhai's offense. Suchin accepted it. I'm glad I didn't accept this compensation for nothing. Luo Ching Shua was silent for a moment, then changed the subject. 3 days from now, I hope you will go all out and not hold back. Such Chan made a silent vow in his heart. Don't worry, this battle will be a test for those ungrateful Luo family couple. Luo Chingshi gave a soft h and left with Lu Hai slinking behind her. The two parted ways and Su Chan walked away alone, opening the system panel. system upgrade one tier, one level. Ding. 100 slaughter points consumed for upgrade. In a short while, his cultivation level rose from awakened to the first level. First stage, and a small ball of source energy condensed within his body system. Upgraded to the third level of the first stage. Ding. Consumed 500 kill points to upgrade to tier one, level three. Instantly, every cell in my body cheered. Power surged, and I felt exhilarated. Such Chan clenched his fist, gathering dark element once more, even more profoundly than before. How many kill points are needed to advance to the fourth level of the first tier? Ding! 400 kill points required. After hesitating for a moment, he decided to save his skill points and closed the panel. He then checked the storage ring and found that it contained high-grade source stones, bone tempering pills, and spirit source fruits with a total value of nearly 10 million blue star coins. After the awakening ceremony ended, Principal Wong Dong Lai entered and saw Su Chun sitting leisurely. Principal, I've been waiting for you for ages. Ha. High schools in the city are vying for your enrollment. Transferring an S-level students enrollment to another school not only makes recruitment easier, but also enhances the school's reputation. The principal didn't agree. Wong Dongai shook his head. The offer was too low. Let's get down to business. Wong Dongli placed two dark-colored combat technique books in front of Such Chun. A second tier dark elemental combat skill, dark abyss demon pool, can create a swamp-like demon pool that renders enemies unable to move. The other skill, shadow claw, allows you to condense dark elemental energy to create sharp claw shadow attacks. Which of these two combat skills do you plan to choose? Suchin's eyes lit up as he stuffed the two second tier combat skill manuals into his pocket. The more the marrier. Their market value far exceeds 2 million. Looking at Su Chin's greedy appearance, Wong Dongai thought, "If you were an official, you'd definitely be a big corrupt one." After saying that, he handed over a card. Here's a reward for you. There's 500,000 in it. Buy whatever you want. Suchin accepted it without hesitation. Wong Dongai asked, "Which university are you planning to apply to? There are still 10 days until the college entrance exam." Suchin frowned. In this world, the college entrance examination is held on the 10th day after one's superpowers are awakened. But the key to admission is still the level of one's superpowers. Wong Dongai reminded him that the admissions advisers would soon be coming to the city to recruit students in person and that meeting in person would be more effective than communicating by phone. They will arrive on the day you and Luo Chingshi have your final battle. You can learn about the situation of the five majormies in advance, Wong Dongai instructed. Such Chan politely replied, "Thank you, principal. Let's consider it when they arrive." Wong Dongai smiled and said, "Cultivate diligently and focus on preparing for the duel 3 days from now." Suchin nodded, turned, and left the office. Lose impossible. Wong Dong looked at his cultivation aura. First rank, third level. He reached this level right after awakening. After leaving the school, Such Chin found a quiet corner and began to study combat techniques. Ding. Second tier combat skill shadow claw detected can be upgraded with skill points. Ding. Second tier combat skill shadow demon pool detected can be upgraded with skill points. He inquired about the required points from the system. Combat skill proficiency was divided into beginner, minor, advanced, perfect, and true. The system indicated that a total of 400 points were needed for the two combat skills. System add both combat skills to the beginner level. As soon as the command was issued, the proficiency of the combat skills increased rapidly, reaching the beginner level in the blink of an eye. Every movement, every application of power was natural and fluid, as if he had been practicing for many years. At this moment, the phone rang. It was my second uncle, Su Tian Foam, calling, "Shia Chan, tell me quickly, what superpower have you awakened?" Suchin smiled and said, "Second uncle, I have awakened an S-level dark type ability." Sutian Fong was skeptical, but no matter what ability you awaken, second uncle will not look down on you. Such Chan felt a warmth in his heart. Second uncle, thank you. Sutian Fong smiled and said he was going to hunt monsters outside the city, and Such Chin immediately asked to go with him. Demonic beasts are no joke. Sutian Fong said sternly. Second uncle, I will definitely obey your orders. After a moment of silence, Su Tian Fong reluctantly agreed. You absolutely mustn't wander off. The location was sent and Such Chun scanned the code to unlock the shared bike and sped away. Inside the Luo family mansion, Lu Don Shan stared at Lu Ching Shu and asked, "I heard you gave Such Chen some cultivation resources." Luo Chingshu replied coldly, "Luo Don hesitated, then said,"Fine, let's just consider it repaying the kindness of the Sue family couple in saving our Luo family back then." To him, giving away a few resources was nothing. It was far from enough to make up for the Luo family's nurturing of Luo Chingshua. Upon hearing this, Luo Chingshua felt a wave of nausea. How could these resources possibly compare to the life-saving grace of the Sue family couple? She coldly said, "I'm going back to my room." Lu Dong Shan raised his voice. What's the rush? All fivemies have called and will arrive in Chwaning in 3 days to personally offer you terms to recruit you. That day will also be the day of your decisive battle with Such Chun. Let the people of the five majormies see your strength. Luo Chingshu nodded. Yes, I will. Lu Dong Shan sighed and said, "Don't blame your father. How can Su Chun, an orphan, be worthy of the Luo family? Even if the Sue couple saved us, I'll give them some more resources as compensation." Luo Chingshu closed her eyes. Filthy, I don't want to hear it. Filthy is filthy. It's fine if you hate me. In the decisive battle 3 days from now, our Luo family will be the protagonists. With her daughter defeating Su Chun, Luo Chingshua would gain widespread fame, allowing the Luo family to forge connections with more powerful figures and rise to even greater heights. Luo Chingshua then departed. Luo Dong Shan watched her retreating figure and loudly ordered, "Someone go and spread the word that the five majormies will arrive to recruit students in 3 days as well as the match between Miss and Su Shan so that all the major forces can come and watch." At the city gate, people came and went. Lihung Shan saw Su Tian Fong and his group of four and asked with a smile, "Brother Tanfong, are you planning to go hunting outside the city?" Su Tian Fong frowned. No, let's each hunt our own. Li Hung Xans face darkened. Su Tian Fong, I'm calling you brother out of respect. Don't be ungrateful. What are you saying? Su Tianfings teammates stood up, glaring angrily. Li Hung Shan, hands on his hips, retorted arrogantly. Is that not allowed? Su Tian Fong winked at his teammates, then turned and waited for Su Chan in another spot. Don't go, brother Fo. Li Hung Shan shouted urgently. I lost you last time. How about we bet again this time? Sutianfong turned around and asked, "Tell me, what are we betting on?" Li Hung Shan replied. Before sunset, which of our two teams will have a higher total value from hunting monsters? The wager is this. I'll offer you a top grade bone tempering pill, and you give me the weapon you lost to me last time. Su Tianfings eyes gleamed as he looked at the pills, but the team's overall strength was weak, and their chances of winning were almost zero. Second, uncle, promise him. Such Chin approached Su Tian Fong and patted him on the shoulder. Su Tian Fong beamed, Little Chin, you're here? Yes, second uncle, promise him. Trust me. Seeing Su Chins determined eyes, Su Tian Fong gritted his teeth and said, "Lie Hung Shan, I promise you it's five against five. If my nephew isn't afraid, what else does he have to fear? At worst, he'll just lose a battle." Li Hung Shan said sarcastically, "Little brother Such Sean, what kind of low-level superpower have you awakened? Stupid superpower. Let's see who's the biggest idiot. Suchin stared straight at him. Li Hung Shan realized what was happening and said, "Who are you calling an idiot?" I didn't say. I only see idiots. Suchin spread his hands, looking innocent. Lihung Shan was speechless. Damn it. Are you asking for a beating? Li Shan, that's enough. Sutian Fong took a step forward and blocked his way. Suchin remained calm and said, "Let's raise the stakes. If you win, I will not only cow out and apologize, but I will also offer you this precious storage ring. How about it? Li Hung Shan was drawn to the storage ring, thinking he could make a killing. Fine, it's a deal. Such Chin sneered. What's the rush? Where's your offer? Lihong Xan took out two mid-grade bone tempering pills. I'll also cow out and apologize. Here are these two. Isn't that enough? Not enough. Lihung Xan's face turned a deep shade of purple, and he pulled out another degrade weapon. Is that enough now? Okay, that's more like it. The bed is settled. Li Hung Xan gloated. We're going to make a fortune today, brothers. Let's teach this spinthrift his first lesson in life. Sutian fo was still puzzled. Shiao Chan, have you really awakened an S-class ability? Would I lie to you, second uncle? Just wait and see that guy cow and apologize when the sun sets. Suchin made up his mind that he would never show mercy to anyone who bullied his second uncle. Sutian Fong frowned slightly and said with some doubt, "Even if you lose, your second uncle will cow out for you. Don't force yourself. Second uncle, why are you saying such discouraging things? Hunting demons is the important thing." Such Chan gently nudged Sutian Fong from behind. Centuries ago, a cataclysmic event caused Docel plants and animals to mutate into ferocious monsters. Humans built high walls to block them, and at the same time, people with supernatural abilities emerged to fight against the monsters. However, only advanced ability users can fight opponents of higher levels in single combat. The group of five prepared their equipment, stepped out of the city gate, and headed straight for the monsterinfested wilderness outside the city. After the guards checked them, the group successfully left the city. Sutian Fong took out a map of the area, which marked the distribution of monsters and safe routes. The diagram includes areas suitable for beginners, ranging from tier 1 level 1 to tier 1 level 5, as well as areas suitable for the general public, ranging from tier 1, level 5 to tier 1, level 10. Let's go to the Deadwood Forest. The only place we have a chance to beat Li Hung Shan is there. Sutian Fong decided decisively. The team members were hesitant, but had no choice but to obey. Sutianfong looked back at Such Chan wondering, "Shouldn't a normal person be afraid when facing a demonic beast for the first time? Second uncle, I can't wait to hunt monsters." Suchin laughed. Sutian Fong sideighed. Follow behind for now. Don't be impulsive. He judged that Su Chun had probably awakened a highle superpower, but since he had only awakened it a few hours ago, there was still a risk when facing demonic beasts. The group quickened their pace. Weeds grew wildly along the rugged path and occasionally the skeletons of giant beasts could be seen. Soon they arrived at the forest of dead trees. Amidst the withered yellow landscape, several decaying rats were chewing on the remains. "Stay alert!" Sution foam whispered, and the team members gripped their weapons tightly. He instructed Such Chun to stay put while he led three others to approach the corrupted rat silently. Such Chun clenched his fists slightly, his heart filled with excitement. system. Do you have a detection function? Ding. Detection function activated. Host can detect demonic beasts and people. A pale blue light screen appeared. Name: Corrupted Rat. Bloodline. Common realm. First tier. Fourth level. Attribute: Poison: 20 kill points for killing. Second uncle is at the fifth level of the first tier, and the three of them are at the fourth level of the first tier. So, dealing with the corrupted rats will not be a problem. Sution Fong arranged for the control and amplification of supernatural abilities while the other person summoned rocks to trap the corrupted rats. Sution Fong gripped the broadsword, his strength amplified and with a single strike, he killed three corrupted rats. Just as the last rotten rat was fleeing, it reached Su Chun, its sharp claws flashing as it attacked him. "Get out of the way!" Su Tianfong shouted. The newly awakened Such Chin instantly raised his hand, and a huge shadow claw formed from dark elements descended from the sky, smashing towards the corrupted rat. A blood curdling scream rang out as the rotting rat was reduced to a bloody mess, its flesh mangled and blood splattering everywhere. The four were shocked. This instant kill, first tier, third level. Is this really an S-class ability? Such Chun, who had only been awakened for a few hours, easily killed a tier 1, level four corrupted rat, leaving everyone dumbfounded. Sutian phone was puzzled. He waved helplessly to his teammates behind him. "Don't ask me. I don't know either." All three teammates looked at Such Chun. A system notification sounded, "Slate a tier one. Quadruple corrupted rat. Kill points plus 20." Suchin muttered to himself, "Not bad." Shadow claws descended from the sky, displaying the power of dark magic. He looked up and seeing the four people's curious expressions, couldn't help but ask, "Why are you staring at me? When did you awaken? How did you suddenly reach the third level of the first rank?" Sutianfong suspected he had misremembered the time. His nephew had just awakened and already reached the third level of the first rank, which was unprecedented in the Dragon Kingdom. Suchin said calmly. Just today I awakened an S-rank dark type ability. Now you should believe me, right? Sutianfong stepped forward and hugged Suchan. You brat. You really have S-rank dark type abilities. Of course. Otherwise, why would I have let you accept the bet? Su Tianfs eyes immediately dimmed. If your parents knew you'd awakened an S-class ability, they'd be overjoyed. Suchin quickly tried to lighten the mood. Second, uncle, let's talk about something happy. Okay, I'll take you to a foot massage to celebrate when we get back. Second uncle, is he serious? Sutian Fong tapped his head lightly. He's definitely serious. Three teammates huddled together, teasing Shiaoan, do you have a girlfriend yet? My sister's 13. 13 is illegal. Brother Sue, if you don't mind that I'm 40, let's become sworn brothers. Such Chin smiled and said, "You don't need to do that. I'll definitely remember you when I become successful." The team members understanding the situation nodded and stopped pressing him. Sutian Fong asked seriously. Next, will you be hunting with us or going solo? Solo? I want to hunt more. Sutian Fong had anticipated this and handed him two source energy recovery potions. Shiao Chan, take these. Use them when your source energy is depleted. They'll restore it quickly. Suchin took it. Second uncle, please be careful, too. If you encounter any monsters you can't defeat, just call me. You brat. You even reminded me. Then I'll go first. With that, Suchin dashed off. Outside the city, Li Hung Xans underlings worriedly asked, "Brother Hung, can we win?" Li Hung Shan cleanly and swiftly beheaded the cat demon, easily dispatching the old, weak, sick, and disabled, as well as the young one. The underling looked at the short man behind him, who was bundled up tightly. "What to do with this one?" Li Hung Shan glared at him coldly. "Kid, you're on your own from now on. I paid you. You promised to take me hunting. Li Hung Shan sneered. Idiot. If you dare say another word, I'll just abandon you in the wilderness. The underling trembled with rage, but there was nothing he could do but leave in a huff. Li Hung Shan laughed loudly. That's hilarious. He's acting like a woman. The younger brother asked, "Brother Hung, what's next?" Li Hung Xan's eyes gleamed with cunning. Since he was hunting demonic beasts, he would naturally go and check on Sutianfo. Such Chun left the group alone and hunted down a dozen or so monsters, handling those of the same cultivation level with ease. He ventured deep into the withered forest where the roars of powerful monsters echoed incessantly. Just as he was preparing to search for the next one, a wolf howled. Suchin looked up and saw a swift and agile gale wolf standing on the hillside. Name: Gail wolf, bloodline nun. Realm, tier one, level five. Attribute, wind. Note: killing a gregarious creature grants 30 kill points. Tier one, level five. That's worth a try. Just as Such Chan was about to act, he saw the gale wolf reveal its intention to flee. The dark elements swirled in his eyes like a vortex. Dark abyss. Demon pool. Instantly, a demon pool formed from dark elements appeared beneath Seongs feet, as deep and terrifying as an abyss. The wolf struggled, but its limbs were trapped, and it couldn't move. Immediately afterward, a shadowy claw slammed heavily into the wolf from the sky. The wounded wolf bled profusely, staining the surrounding earth dark red. With a mighty struggle, it broke free from the demonic pool and pounced on Such Chun. Still have the strength? Suchin's eyes turned cold and dark elements surged wildly. Accompanied by black mist, he summoned the death scythe. The edge of the sythe gleamed with a dark light, and the long handle was covered with ancient runes and inlaid with dark red crystals like the eye of the grim reaper. With a slight wave of his hand, black dark elements scattered like stars, leaving streaks of light and shadow in the air. A swift gray wolf pounced, Su Chun raised his scythe, instantly severing one of the wolf's bodies. Killed a tier one, level five gale wolf. Kill points plus 30. He laughed excitedly. Awesome. The death scythe combined with dark abilities also consumes a lot of resources. Having just unleashed two combat techniques, he had very little source energy left in his body. Remembering the spirit source fruit given to him by Luo Chingshi, he quickly ate it and instantly a warm current flowed through his entire body. He ate all the spirit source fruits in one go, greatly increasing his internal energy, enough to unleash several more combat techniques. After collecting the wolf's corpse, Such Chun climbed the small slope and looked out at a dozen first tier, third level, and fourth level gale wolves besieging a golden protective shield inside which a small figure was trapped. Saving people along the way. Better to kill them first. Such Chin's lips curled into a wicked smile. Gripping the death scythe, he walked step by step towards the wolf pack. Inside the protective shield, Xiaoa was terrified and regretted hunting the monster without permission. She discovered that the newcomer was Su Chun, dressed in black with a hood and a death scythe, clasped behind his back with one hand. "Run! Don't come any closer!" she shouted. The wolf pack turned to Such Chun, their eyes gleaming with greed. Suchin remained calm and composed. With his left hand, he used his shadow claw to strike one of the wolves away from the sky, while with his right hand, he swung his death scythe, cleaving the other in two, causing blood to splatter everywhere. Kill a tier one triple gale wolf, kill points plus 15. Kill a tier one quadruple gale wolf, kill points plus 20. Such Chan let out a sinister laugh, raised his scythe, and charged into the wolf pack. With a swift movement, the scythe flashed with black light, and the wolves howled incessantly. Within minutes, only two of the dozen or so wolves remained. Fear completely replaced greed in their eyes, and they turned and ran. Such Chan lowered his hands, trapping the fleeing wolf in two dark abyss pools, and then leaped forward to kill it. Killed a tier one quadruple gale wolf, kill points plus 20, multiplied by two. His kill points now reach 480. Valuable parts of the monster's corpse can also be sold for money. Suchin stored all his prey in his storage ring and prepared to leave. Xiaoa was shocked. He had single-handedly wiped out the entire wolf pack. Was he really the Grim Reaper? Come here. Suchin suddenly stopped in his tracks. Xiai Yao quickly changed her tone and said, "Oh dear, how can you save someone and then just leave? What else can I do? You're not exactly a beauty, yet you're planning to offer yourself to me." Such Chan looked the short, thin man who was wrapped up tightly up and down. "This person was probably mentally ill." Shi Yaya hesitated for a moment, then rolled her eyes and said, "I may not be a beauty, but I can give you money." Ahem? Why didn't you say so earlier? I don't need much. Just a small goal would be fine. Xiaoas eyes widened. Such Chan waved his hand. All right, I'm not teasing you anymore. Don't delay my hunting of monsters. Wait, Xi Yao called out to him. Although I can't give you that much money, I can give you a dark cultivation method. Really? Suchin eyes flashed. This dark cultivation method was extremely rare, far more precious than basic supernatural ability methods. Really? I'll give it to you when we get back to Chuanong. Xiai Ya Yao said confidently. Suchin looked at her suspiciously. You're wrapped up like a mummy. How can I believe you? Xiai Yaya took out her phone and said, "Let's add each other's contact information first." Then she shook her storage ring and said, "You saved me." So, the high-grade bone tempering pills and high-grade source stones inside are all yours. Such Chin stepped forward, first, snatched the storage ring, put the pills into his pocket, and then scanned the QR code to add his contact information. He looked at Xi Yao Yao with suspicion. You're not pretending to be a cute girl online to scam young virgins, are you? Xiai Yao was stunned. I'm going to beat you to death. TCH, you think you can beat me? Don't delay my hunting of demonic beasts. Such Chun turned around, carrying his demonic scythe. Xiao Yao immediately blocked her way. Don't go. If you stop me again, I'll kill you. You believe me? Go ahead and kill me. She was desperate. Just then, Li Hung Shan walked in, a fake smile on his face, but his eyes were sinister. Oh, isn't this the spinthrift, son? H. You dare to insult me even without Sutian Foam? Hand over your storage ring or I'll break your legs. Lihong Xan arrogantly approached. What good luck? The first person we encountered was the weakest member of Su Tianfings team. Suchin sneered. Is that so? system. Give me some points. Ding. 400 kill points consumed. Hosts realm has risen to the fourth level of the first tier. Oomph. You don't know what's good for you. Don't blame me for taking a few more lives. Just as Lihung Shan was about to make a move, a demonic pool appeared beneath his feet, shrouded in black mist. What is this? His expression changed drastically. This is where you will die. Such Chun strode forward and slashed fiercely with his demonic scythe. Damn it. Lihung Shan hurriedly raised his long sword to defend and with two loud crashes the e-grade long sword broke in too. Lihong Shan knelt on the ground, clutching his severed arm, his eyes filled with terror and despair. Su Chins demonic scythe was pointed directly at his neck. Weak, huh? I thought you could hold out for a few moves. How could you possibly be at the fourth level of the first tier? Lihung Xans eyes widened in disbelief. Suchin coldly replied, "Murder is illegal, but killing a beast like you is perfectly justified." He swung his sickle and Li Hung Xans head fell to the ground with a thud. "Killed a tier one, level six beast, kill points plus 60." Suchin looked at the system notification and said speechlessly, "Killing people gives less than half the kill points compared to killing monsters, "What kind of superpower do you have?" Xiao looked at Such Chun with longing. This power is so strong. S-rank dark type ability. Suchin said casually. Xiao Yao was speechless for a moment. Srank ability. This was a power that countless people dreamed of, yet he was so nonchalant about it. She carefully sensed and confirmed Such Chen strength. He was at the third level of the first rank just now, but now he was at the fourth level of the first rank. She thought to herself that she had only just awakened today and was only at the first level of the first stage, and the difference between them was almost like heaven and earth. Suchin casually replied, "Just lucky." and squatted down to search for Lihung Xans resources. A golden pill came into view. Premium bone tempering pill significantly increases the speed of bone tempering after consumption. Top grade bone tempering pills are graded as inferior, lowgrade, medium grade, high-grade, and top grade. With the top grade bone tempering pill being extremely rare and valuable, the bone tempering pill can accelerate the tempering of bones. With each round of tempering, the bones become harder, laying the foundation for cultivation. The strongest in the dragon kingdom only undergoes nine rounds of tempering, and the legendary 10th round of golden bone tempering is even more perfect with bones shining with golden light and indestructible. An impulse surged within Su Shun. With the systems assistance, he wanted to attempt perfect bone tempering. They also found two mid-grade bone tempering pills and a D-grade combat dagger with a total value of several hundred,000. Adding the top grade bone tempering pills and a combat weapon, the total value was almost a million. What's your name? Xiao asked Such Chun. You're Suchin? I don't know you. I've only heard of you. Apparently, you've had quite a bit of a falling out with the Luo family. I'm busy. Suchin picked up Lihong Xan's corpse and put it into his storage ring, preparing to continue hunting. Xiai Yao Yao eagerly followed. Me too. At dusk at the city gate, Lie Mang, a henchman of Lihung Xans team, loudly asked, "Suian Foong, how many monsters did you hunt?" Su Tianfings face was grim. They had encountered a tier seven gale wolf king and had no chance to hunt demons. They had less than 10 corpses. Lie Ming scoffed. Only 140,000 trash. The three men revealed the corpses valued at approximately 200,000. Lie Ming smuggly added. You can't compete with us. What if the boss comes? Hey, who's so arrogant? Suchin walked over calmly. You're not scared out of your wits? That's rare, Liing provocatively said. Scared out of your wits? Then how am I supposed to come back and make you cow and apologize? Such Chan waved his hand, and the prey in his storage ring poured out instantly. Dozens of demonic beasts piled up into a small mountain. So many, Lie Mang was speechless with shock. And Sutian Fo was also dumbfounded. They had thought a few would be enough, but they hadn't expected dozens, many of which were first tier, fifth level demonic beasts. Keep laughing. Keep laughing. Such Chin's death flashed and was held against Leangs neck. Feeling threatened, Lie Ming felt a chill run down his spine. You You can't kill me. Brother Hing Shan will be back soon. Such Chun casually lifted Li Hung Shans head. Lie Mings face instantly turned pale. His elder brother was dead. Master Su, don't talk nonsense. Lihung Xan is not my elder brother. I have long severed all ties with him. Since he cannot take revenge, he chose to join the other side. Such raised an eyebrow. You change your tune so quickly. Lieing immediately knelt down and greeted his elder brother. He then gestured for his two underlings to kneel down as well. Three bows. Brother Su, Master Su, Father Su. Su Chan waved his hand impatiently. I don't have a bunch of unfil sons like you. Aren't you going to apologize? All right. The three men, as if granted a pardon, cowtowed deeply, bowing three times devoutly. Sir, we were wrong. We shouldn't have mocked you. Sutian phone was slightly takenback. Don't associate with villains like Lee Hung Shan in the future. Of course, sir, do more good deeds from now on. Such Chan waved his hand. All right, leave your valuables behind and get out of here. You can also hate me and take revenge. The three of them swiftly dropped the pills and weapons, then dashed away. Anyone who dares to attack an S-class ability user will have their entire family slaughtered. You really made me proud today, Shiao Chan. Sution Fongo smiled with satisfaction, but also with a hint of worry. Shiao Chan, you killed Li Hung Shan. Don't worry, he attacked me. In China, attacking an S-class ability user is punishable by death. I just acted first and reported later. Su Tianfings worries gradually subsided. Let's go back to the city, then. Well have a good drink tonight. Okay. Suchin looked behind him. We've reached the city gate. Let's part ways here. All right, my savior. See you tomorrow morning. Xia Yao skipped and hopped into the city gate. She was already imagining Su Chin's reaction when he discovered her identity the next day. Such Chin narrowed his eyes, a look of doubt flashing across them and shook his head inwardly. Who cares if she's a man or a woman? What does it have to do with me? After dinner, Suchin arrived at the Trade Alliance. In the towering building, weapons, monster corpses, and elixirs could be freely bought and sold. Upon entering the lobby, he went to the third floor monster sales area. Hello. Is there anything I can help you with? The receptionist greeted him with a professional smile. Do you buy monster corpses? Sure. Our treasure pavilion offers fair prices. Show me yours first, so I can estimate the cost. I have a lot of corpses this time. Do you have any storage rings? The receptionist gave a disdainful smile. This young man can only hunt a few at most a day, and you're saying that's a lot. Manager, there are many monster corpses for sale here, and I need a storage ring. The receptionist raised her voice. Lean Fang walked out in high heels, looked such chin up and down, and asked, "So, you're the one who wants to use the storage ring to store the monster's corpse. Is there a problem?" "No problem. It's just that it's not good for you to lie, young man." Such Chan impatiently tossed out his storage ring. Take a look for yourself and calculate the cost while you're at it. Leian Fang reached into the ring and with a single sweep found dozens of demonic beast corpses lying silently. She poured herself a cup of tea. VIP. Are you selling all these demonic beast corpses at once? Suchin sipped his tea. It's a one-time thing. Let's calculate the cost. Corrupted rats are usually tens of thousands and gale wolves are expensive. How about 850,000 in total? Such Chin silently calculated. It was about right. All right, you can take the monster's corpse, but give me back my storage ring. Don't rush. This VIP likely has a team behind them. How about a long-term partnership? I hunted it all by myself. Let's settle the bill and not waste any more time. Lean Fang was still shocked, but also suspicious. You killed so many demonic beasts in one day. You even killed a tier 1, level six demonic beast. Isn't it a bit much to brag like that? Suchin raised his eyes. What if I wasn't exaggerating? If I wasn't exaggerating, I'll round up that 850,000 to 2 million for you. Such Chin's dark element flickered, and the death scythe appeared, its black blade pressed against her neck. Now, still think I can't kill a tier 1 level six demonic beast. Leanfangs face turned deathly pale. She believed it. She believed it. Such Chun retrieved the demonic scythe. Transfer the money. Remember, 2 million. Leian Fang moved the monster's corpse and returned the ring, handing over a bank card, saying, "The password is six zeros and there's 2 million in it." Suchin took it. How do I get to the pill hall third floor? Okay. Leanfang sighed inwardly. She had only recently awakened and was already at the fourth level of the first tier and could even hunt down sixth level demonic beasts. "Sister Yanfang, who is that person?" an employee asked curiously. Leanfang murmured to herself. He's a real dragon. Leaving the monster sales area, Such Chen silently calculated while holding his bank card the 500,000 blue star coins given by the principal plus the 2 million inherited from his parents totaled nearly 5 million. He sighed and went to the medicine section. A faint medicinal fragrance filled the air and various medicines were neatly arranged in bottles. A short while later, he spent 3 million blue star coins to buy 15 high-grade bone tempering pills and then headed towards the cultivation room. I politely approached the receptionist and said, "Give me a training room." The receptionist asked, "What cultivation level are you at? I need to choose a suitable training room." I replied, "First level, fourth stage." The receptionist pondered for a moment. The F- level room can increase the efficiency of supernatural ability cultivation by 10% and can train virtual monsters from the first level to the fifth level of the first tier. It costs 100,000 blue star coins per hour. Open level 3 hours. Suchan wanted to seize the time to cultivate his bone tempering and challenge a first tier sixth level virtual monster. After swiping his card, he took the E-level room card and walked to the entrance of the training room. As soon as he entered, he was greeted by a strong sense of technology with sophisticated instruments flashing faintly. Dear user, this is AI Shiai. Please let me know how you need anything. A sweet voice rang out, and Such Chun was slightly takenback. Help me generate a tier 1 level five scorpion type demon beast. A giant armored scorpion slowly emerged, its hard shell gleaming with a cold light. Such Chin formed hand seals and the dark abyss demon pool formed beneath the scorpion's feet, trapping it. Then the shadow claws whistled down. After a series of attacks, the scorpion was covered in wounds. Such Chan was satisfied. Crossing a minor realm, one set of combat techniques is enough to inflict this much damage. Next, he tried the tier one sixth layer ironclad giant scorpion, but a set of combat techniques failed to severely damage it. Suchin summoned the death scythe and shouted, "Slash!" In an instant, the hard outer shell was cleaved open, revealing a deep wound. Indeed, it had to be the death scythe. The accompanying magical artifact possessed immense power under S-rank superpowers. Such Chan swung his scythe again, and in less than a minute, the armored giant scorpion was completely killed. He then took out a top-rade bone tempering pill, sat cross-legged, and swallowed it, and began to practice his basic supernatural ability cultivation method to attempt the first round of bone tempering. The medicine took effect quickly. Bones were gripped and reshaped by an invisible giant hand. Muscles tinsed along with bones and beads of sweat slid down foreheads. An hour later, the first round of bone tempering was successful. Without the aid of top grade and superior grade bone tempering pills, it would have taken several days to complete. Each round of bone tempering increases in difficulty, and the average progress of bone tempering in the dragon kingdom is only up to the third round. Such Chun opened the system panel name Such Chun. Age 18, Realm, First Order, fourth level plus accompanying spiritual weapon Srank Death Scythe. Combat skills. Tier 2 Dark Abyss. Beginner. Tier two shadow claw. Beginner. Cultivation technique. Basic supernatural ability cultivation method. Bone tempering. First round plus kill points. 500. He noticed the plus sign after bone tempering. Points can be added. Using the system has no side effects. 200 kill points can upgrade to the second round of bone tempering. System. Add me to the second round. With 200 kill points consumed, Such Chin's bones seem to be shattered and reassembled, making his entire body even harder. One click skill point allocation for rapid power enhancement. With 300 kill points remaining, is gaze fell upon two combat skills. Such Chun lightly tapped his finger, adding points to the shadow claw, prioritizing attack power. 300 kill points consumed. Shadowclaw successfully reached the lesser mastery stage. Instantly, his proficiency with shadow claw increased dramatically, significantly enhancing its power and attack range. After nodding in satisfaction, he closed the panel, grasped the top grade source stone given to him by Luoqingua, and began to cultivate. Originium has the appearance of black crystal, and contains a large amount of pure source energy, which can greatly accelerate the absorption of source energy from heaven and earth and improve one's realm. Those with superpowers need to cultivate by circulating techniques to draw and source energy and convert it into their own strength. Although Such Chun can add points to level up, his killing points are limited. However, monsters are more troublesome at night. So, he decided to cultivate at night and hunt monsters during the day to gain kill points to level up. After reaching the second tier blood coagulation realm, he gained night vision, allowing him to hunt monsters to his heart's content every day, level up rapidly, and easily surpass his peers. Such Chun sat cross-legged and began circulating the basic supernatural ability cultivation technique. The invisible source energy around him gathered like threads and entered his body, flowing slowly through his meridians. Meanwhile, in the city lord's mansion, "Daughter, why are you so willful, running around everywhere, making your father so worried?" Xi Yuan Shan looked at his daughter, his face full of anxiety. Xi Ya yao pouted and huffed. "H, who told you to make me throw a bridal bouquet to choose my fianceé tomorrow? I don't want to." Xi Yuan Shans sideighed. This is a family tradition of your mothers. Just treat it as a formality. Your father is reluctant to see you actually get married, Xiai Yayao said angrily. Too late. I already have someone I like and I'm getting married in a couple of days. That'll make you so mad. What? Who is it? Tell dad right now. I want to see which kid catches your eye. I won't tell you. Unless you give me cultivation resources. Tell me. As long as dad can get it, I'll definitely get it for you. I just need a shadow ability cultivation method and a tier three dark element combat technique. Shi Yuan Shan sighed helplessly. Isn't this enough? Oh, then I won't tell you. Xiai Ya Yao pretended to leave. All right. All right, my darling daughter. I'll get it for you in a bit. Xiuan Shan compromised. They couldn't use the shadow ability technique at home, but with his status, he could naturally obtain a third tier dark combat skill. He It's a deal. Shi Yaya laughed and skipped away. Shi Yuan Shan watched her retreating figure and sighed to himself. It seems my precious cabbage is really going to be snatched away. At 10:00 at night, the moonlight shone like water on the streets and alleys of Chwanching. Suchin walked out of the cultivation room and ate a rujamo Chinese hamburger. Although the old neighborhood where he lived was old, it was clean and tidy, and it was the only property his parents left him. Just as I was about to relax, my phone beeped. Cute bunny loves to eat. Wait, wait, wait. It's 9:00 p.m. Time to pee. Cute bunny loves to eat. He got up to poop at 9:30 p.m. Cute bunny loves to eat. Such Chun, it's already 10 p.m. and you're up. Suchin's lips twitched. The other party immediately replied and sent several pictures, including a third tier dark elemental combat skill called dark bat strike, a shadow-based supernatural ability cultivation method, and some top-grade bone tempmpering pills. Suchin couldn't help but swallow hard. Wow, this person really wasn't saved for nothing. He was very generous. It's highly likely the other person is a girl. The one I saved yesterday was probably Shi Yao Yao. I'm not telling you. Remember to come to the city lord's mansion tomorrow morning. Okay, I'll definitely go for the combat skills. It's a deal. Good night. Good night. After saying good night to each other, Su Chun took a shower, went to bed, closed his eyes contentedly, and drifted off to sleep. Today had been a fruitful day. Both his cultivation level and bone tempering had significantly improved. The next morning, under bright sunshine, Such Chan went to the entrance of the city lord's mansion and found many people hurrying in the same direction. What are you all going to the city lord's mansion for? The young man replied. Xi Yao, the daughter of the city lord of Shiuan Mountain, threw a bridal ball to choose a husband. I'll take a chance and maybe I can become a live-in son-in-law. Suchin was taken aback. This was an ancient custom that still existed in modern times. He devoured the scallion pancake and decided to join in the fun. City Lord Xiuan Shan is a sixth level expert with extremely high prestige. His daughter Xiai Yao Yaoao is someone he has only heard of by name and he does not know what she looks like. He strongly suspected that the person he saved yesterday was Xi Yaoya. Her generosity and mention of the city lord's mansion made him even more certain of his guess. Combat skill, here I come. Suchin thought to himself. He had kill points, but it wouldn't do without a powerful combat skill. Why not get a powerful skill along the way? Chapter 14. Snatching the embroidered ball. A tale of mature woman and Lolita complex. Below the city lord's mansion, crowds thronged. A dense throng surging like a tide. My god, even the young master of the Leaf family is here. He's a B-level superpower genius, someone exclaimed. Young master Jang is here, too. Many powerful young masters have gathered together. Many people who had been hoping for a lucky break immediately lost heart, their faces filled with frustration. From below the stage, Xiuan Shan greeted him warmly. Haha, young Master Lee is here, too. Uncle Xi, I've come to try my luck and see if I can form a bond with Miss Xi. Liion smiled confidently and was very polite. How's your cultivation going lately? First rank, first level, preparing to break through to first rank, second level. Liion stood tall with pride, having broken through to first rank, second level in just two days, making him stand out among his peers. Not bad, Xiaoan. I have high hopes for you. Xi Yuan Shan praised politely. Thank you, Uncle Xi. I will definitely treat Yao Yao well in the future. Li Tion solemnly promised. Xiuan Shan was slightly taken back, but still maintained his smile. Suit yourself. I'll go up first. He then hurriedly left. Liion watched his retreating figure, a confident smile playing on his lips. Today, he would undoubtedly be the most dazzling person in the entire room. Above the city lord's mansion, Li Yulan whispered to Xiai Yao Yao. Yao Yao, what are your requirements for your future husband? I'll help you find one. Mom, I can make my own decision. The news of this son-in-law selection has already spread. Your mother just wants to find you a good home. O, I already have someone I like. You always lie to your mother. Don't I know your personality? Ask Dad. Xia Yao pointed to Shiuan Shan. Shi Yuan Shan shook his head. I'm not sure, but the person who catches the embroidered ball is the one you like. Although Li Yulan was puzzled, she nodded. Since you have someone you like, and I don't object, it's time to proceed with the process. Xiao Yao couldn't wait to go out and check it out. Yao Yao, you haven't taken the embroidered ball yet. Shi Yuan Shan and Li Yuan quickly followed. Above the city lord's mansion, Xi Yao looked down at the surging crowd. She was slightly taken aback. Isn't it just a selection of a son-in-law? Why are there so many people? The crowd murmured amongst themselves. I've long heard that the city lord's daughter is as beautiful as a fairy. And it's true what they say. Xi Yao ignored everyone else and focused on finding Such Chan. Finally, she saw a figure slowly walking in the distance. And Joy immediately bloomed on her face. Of at least you still have some conscience, she thought to herself. But then she felt something was off. You're definitely here for the combat skills. Liion sitting in the audience mistakenly thought it was his charm that worked and a smile appeared on his lips. Little did he know that in Xis heart, he was just a ridiculous clown. Suchin pushed his way through the crowd to the front and finally saw Shi Yao Yao. He sighed inwardly, so she's not an ugly duckling after all. She's actually a cute little girl. Xiaoya was seen with her hair tied in cute pigtails, her skin fair with a rosy glow, and her large bright watery eyes. She wore a white t-shirt and denim shorts looking youthful and lively. She made a playful face and Such Chan confirmed that she was the person he had saved before. Although he wasn't a Lakhan, he silently decided at this moment he loved both mature women and young girls. At the city lord's mansion, Xi Yuan Shan and Li Yulan appeared. Xi Yuan Shan announced, "Today, Xi Yao Yao throws an embroidered ball to choose a husband. Whoever catches the ball can talk to my daughter, which can be considered a matchmaking meeting. Anyone who has awakened this year and is over 18 years old, regardless of their supernatural abilities or family background, can participate. The crowd groaned, and those who did not meet the criteria were pushed aside. Only a few dozen remained. Xi Yuan Shan turned to his daughter. We can begin. Xiao Yao shook her head. No rush. She then picked up her phone and stepped aside. Xi Yuan Shan was completely bewildered and could only reassure the bewildered crowd below. Please wait a moment. Chapter 151. Claw shocks everyone. One mouth fights everyone. Xiaoa hurriedly returned to the back of the mansion and anxiously sent a message to Such Chun. Xiao Yao, you absolutely have to catch the embroidered ball later. I don't want to go on a blind date with another man. Such Chan was standing below the city. when his phone beeped. A mischievous smile crept across his lips as he replied. I'm the kind of person who goes with the flow. Unless you beg me. Xiao Yao bit her lip, a hint of annoyance flashing in her beautiful eyes. Xiai Ya Yao, please. I'll grant you one request after it's done. Suchin pondered for a moment, then quickly tapped the screen. Okay, no problem. Xiaoa smiled contentedly. She had Suchin catch the embroidered ball to escape the blind dates arranged by her parents. She planned a fake relationship with Su Chun, living freely and with a high probability that no other man could win her heart. After putting away her phone, she went up to the top of the mansion, looked down at the crowd, and shouted, "Time to throw the embroidered ball." 3 2 1. As soon as she finished speaking, Xiao Yaoa tossed the embroidered ball straight towards Such Chun. The ball traced a beautiful arc, and everyone present held their breath filled with curiosity. who would be able to catch the embroidered ball that symbolized luck and destiny. The youth's eyes lit up and they leaped into the air, shouting, "Mine." Lee smiled contemptuously, his eyes filled with disdain. He activated his supernatural ability and leaped up like a black lightning bolt, his fingers almost touching the embroidered ball. At the same time, he mocked the crowd below. Only the strong deserve to possess this embroidered ball. Before he could finish speaking, a dark shadow flashed by. Before anyone could react, Such Chun had already firmly caught the embroidered ball, which was tightly held in his hand and carried a faint fragrance. His level of cultivation far surpassed that of other newly awakened individuals, allowing him to leap high and easily overtake the crowd. Seeing the embroidered ball fall into Su Chen's hands, everyone was astonished. Who is this? How could he snatch it from young masterly Tion? I think I recognize him. Yes, he's Such Chun, the one who's betrothed to the Luo family since childhood. So, it was him. He even tried to steal the embroidered ball. Liion's face instantly turned ugly. Such Chun, you're already betrothed to the Luo family. I hope you'll give me this embroidered ball or don't blame me for being impolite. Such Chun casually toyed with the embroidered ball and provocatively asked, "What if I don't then don't blame me for being impolite? When it comes to catching the embroidered ball, it's all about grabbing." Leion's eyes hardened and he was just about to make a move when exclamations rang out from the surroundings. Holy crap, such a huge black claw. He looked up and saw the huge shadow claw crashing down with a fierce aura. With a loud boom, Leion fell heavily into the deep pit, dust flying everywhere. Such held the embroidered ball high and shouted, "Who wants to snatch it?" The crowd, who had been eager to try their luck, retreated in terror, their faces filled with fear. Evenly Tion, an outstanding young man, had been instantly defeated. So naturally, no one dared to approach. One claw strike sent shock waves through the crowd. At the city lord's mansion, Shi Yuan Shan narrowed his eyes, a look of shock flashing across them. It's actually the second tier combat skill, Shadow Claw, and it's already at the minor completion stage. On the second day after awakening, he had already mastered the second tier combat skill to a minor level. It would take other S-rank ability users of the same level several months to achieve this. But Such Chin did it in less than two days, demonstrating his extraordinary talent. He was certain that the person Yao Yao was talking about was Such Chun. Xiao Yao watched as Su Chun steadily caught the embroidered ball, stunning everyone, and murmured, "He's quite handsome." Just as they were about to leave, a commotion arose from the audience. You're already engaged, yet you still try to steal the embroidered ball. You have no shame. No wonder the Luo family wanted to enull the engagement. Such Chin's behavior was indecent. Even an S-class ability user is not worthy of Luo Chingshua, much less worthy of the daughter of the city lord of Shei. Tch sour grapes. That guy's S-class superpower could kill you in an instant. Don't talk nonsense. Don't spread rumors if you don't know the truth. Suchin sneered. His parents had saved the Luo family couple only to be falsely accused. Just as he was about to retort, Xi Yao Yao leaped down, crying. Such Chun, catch me. Oh. Such Chin quickly stepped forward and gently carried her in a princess carry. Feeling the softness in his arms, he was stunned for a moment. O, have you touched enough? Xiao Yaos voice brought him back to reality. He coughed awkwardly twice. Not yet. She glared at him, broke free from his embrace, and sharply looked at the crowd. What are you all so incompetent for? Such Chun is an S-level ability user, a level you can never reach in your entire lives. You're just sour grapes, saying he's not good enough for Lu Ching Shua. He's not even worthy of the Luo family. I think Such Chan and I are a perfect match. No need for you all to worry about it. After saying that, she tiptoed and gently kissed Su Chun on the cheek. Su Chun was stunned. His anger instantly dissipated and a warm feeling welled up in his heart. were so ashamed and lowered their heads after being confronted by Xi Yao Yao that they dared not speak out again. Such Chun, an S-class ability user, was also loved by Xi Yao Yao, making his life extremely perfect. Xiai Yao blushed slightly and said shily, "Hump, why don't you thank me?" Suchin softened his tone. "Thank you, Miss Xi. I owe you a favor. If you hadn't saved me yesterday, I would definitely be devoured by monsters by now, leaving not even bones behind. I should be thanking you." When a benefactor is in trouble, one should naturally lend a helping hand. Chapter 16 A. Rank Soldier Frost Swords romantic relationship is fake. Hearing Xi Yao s playful words, Such Chin's lips curled into a slight smile. Saving her earned him genuine companionship while his parents act of saving the Luo family back then only resulted in ingratitude. He said calmly. It seems that saving you was absolutely worthwhile. That's right. You really hit the jackpot by saving me. Xi Yao Yao smiled playfully. Yao Yao, you two stopped for a bit. Well talk later. Xi Yuan Shan watched his daughter and Su Chun chatting intimately, a pang of sadness rising in his heart as if his little darling was about to be snatched away. Shi Yao made a face. Okay. Shi Yuan Shan turned his gaze to the crowd. Ladies and gentlemen, the selection of a son-in-law has concluded. I have arranged a lunchon at the Sunshine Hotel. You may attend if needed. Please disperse in an orderly manner. Upon hearing this, the gloom on everyone's faces vanished. A delicious meal at a five-star hotel wasn't a bad deal after all. Just as everyone was preparing to leave, Such Chin shouted, "Wait." The crowd was taken aback and turned around. "Two days from now, I will have a duel with the Luo family, and the whole truth will come to light. I will let everyone know that the Luo family is not good enough for me." Such Chun. The entire arena fell silent, overwhelmed by Such Chan's imposing presence. No one uttered a sound. The young man's spiritedness was on full display at this moment. Xiai Yayao scoffed. Hump. Are you really that confident? Confidence? What I want is absolute domination? Suchin's gaze was resolute. With his speed boost, he would at least reach the fifth level of the first tier during the duel, making Luo Ching Shua no match for him. You're quite the talker, but I believe you. Xi Yaos eyes were full of trust. Xi Yuan Shan instructed Yao Yao. Bring Such Chun into the manor and have a good chat. Okay, Dad. Xiai Yao Yao turned to Such Chun, her eyes smiling. Let's go. Shiao Chenzi. Such Chun responded jokingly. Tsk Lady Yao Yao. The two walked side by side into the city lord's mansion. Luo family mansion. Lu Dong Shan heard a report from his subordinate. Such Chan actually went to participate in the selection of a husband for the daughter of the city lord of Shei. And he even made a bold statement. master. He defeated Lie Tion with the lesser mastery of the Second Order Shadowclaw. Shadowclaw, minor mastery. Lu Dong Shan suddenly stood up. Only 2 days after awakening his power, his combat skill had progressed so rapidly. What about realm? The butler replied. There's no detailed information. Most likely, they've spent their time training combat skills. Lu Dong Shan frowned, feeling it was unreasonable, but quickly calmed down. Go get the A-grade combat weapon, the Frost Sword, and give it to Ching Shua so she can use it in her duel. The butler asked doubtfully, "Won't people gossip if Miss uses an A-level combat soldier? What does he have? Suchin has it, and I'll let him use it." Background is also a form of strength. It's a pity he doesn't have an uncle to back him up. All right, go down and get the weapon for the young lady. The duel is the day after tomorrow. I'll find a reason to let Su Chins uncle watch. Lu Don Shan thought to himself. Such Chin's only relative will see him lose and Such Chan will definitely be upset. Inside the city lord's mansion, the atmosphere was silent. Xi Yuan Shan and Li Yuan stared at Such Chun and Xi Ya Yao. Dad, why did you call us here? Xiai Ya Yao broke the silence. What is your relationship with Such Chin? We're in a romantic relationship. Xi Yao replied playfully hinting. Such Chan was slightly takenback, realizing that this was a shield to help her deal with her family's pressure to get married. Is it true? Shi Yuan Shan pressed. Yes, we are currently in a romantic relationship. Liuan asked. How is your cultivation going? First tier, fourth level. She nodded in agreement, then exclaimed in surprise, "What? First tier, fourth level. Chapter 17, the shadow bat assault, a method for cultivating supernatural abilities." Shiuan Shan suddenly stood up. "What? You're already at the fourth level of the first tier." Suchin touched his nose and smiled faintly. Is there a problem? Shi Yuan, Shan, and Li Yuluan exchanged a glance, surprise flashing in their eyes. The seemingly unassuming Su Chun had actually been playing dumb to outsmart everyone. They thought to themselves, "This cultivation speed is outrageous." From awakening yesterday morning until now. In just over a day, he's already at the fourth level of the first rank. Even the most meticulously cultivated geniuses in Kyoto and Shanghai can't compare. "It was just luck. All luck," Such Chin replied casually. Liuan said with a smile. Shiao Chan is really hardworking, unlike Yao Yao, who doesn't like cultivating at all. You'll have to be more tolerant of her in the future. Such Chun is diligent in his cultivation, handsome, possesses an S-level superpower, and has rapidly improved his combat skills. He is destined to become a powerful figure in the future. Leilan knows that her daughter's relationship with Su Chun might be fake, but it doesn't matter. What's fake can become real. She is extremely satisfied with this future son-in-law. Suchan felt a little awkward under her gaze. Ahem, I will, aunt Yulan. Why are you calling me Annie? Call me auntie. Leulan pretended to be angry and glared at him. Okay. Hello, Auntie. Suchin obediently changed his address and smiled. This child is so obedient. Let's chat for a while. Don't leave at noon. Auntie will cook for you herself. Liuan nodded with satisfaction. Xiai Yao Yao secretly thought, "Oh no, mom's treating Su Chun like her son-in-law." Shi Yuan Shan shook his head slightly, then looked at Such Chan. Shiao Chan, could you let Yao Yao and me have a few words alone? All right, city Lord Xi. You two can chap first. Such Chun tactfully stood up. Such Chun, wait a minute. Take this first. Xiai Yayao suddenly spoke up and tossed him a storage ring. Such Chun took the book, opened it, and found a third tier dark elemental combat technique, a shadow-based ability cultivation manual, and some top-grade bone tempering pills inside. His eyes lit up. "Thanks. Don't mention it. This is what I promised you," Xi Yao said with a smile, then looked at her father. "Father, tell me, what do you want to talk to me about?" Xi Yuan Shan asked sternly. Tell me honestly, how did you and Su Chin meet? Xi Yao Yao answered truthfully. Yesterday I ran out to play and got surrounded by wolves outside the city. He saved me by accident. You actually ran out of the city yesterday? Shiu and Shans expression changed, filled with worry. I'm bored in the city. I want to go see the outside world. Xia Yao Yao said innocently. The monster was ferocious. Thankfully, your silly daughter is all right. Shi Yuan Shan breathed a sigh of relief, his goodwill towards Su Chin increasing. He never expected that Su Chan would save his daughter. It's okay. Don't worry. Xiai Yaya replied. Such Chun is a good kid. If you have feelings for him, then let the fake romance become real. Xiuan Shan teased. Xiaoa blushed. Father, what are you saying? I don't want to date, let alone get married. Shi Yuan Shan shook his head helplessly. Whatever you say. The third tier combat skill in his hand. Erosion bad assault. His eyes flashing with excitement. He used his detection function to examine it. Darkbat assault condenses dark element to form countless dark bats that attack enemies. Then he took out the shadow ability training method to investigate. Shadow ability cultivation method. This method cannot be practiced by those who are not shadow type ability users. It can greatly accelerate the absorption of source energy and cultivation speed. Users can cultivate by fusing with their shadows or separate their shadows to nourish themselves. Suchin secretly admired this method. It was brilliant. He could let his shadow cultivate and nourish himself, then hunt monsters to obtain killing points, thus increasing his strength even faster system. Teach me dark bat strike and the shadow ability cultivation method. Suchin silently commanded. Ding. Learning successful. In an instant, the methods of manipulating, separating, and condensing shadows from the shadow ability were etched into his mind. and he had also mastered the dark bat strike, but had not yet used it skillfully. Lacking the ability to increase his kill points, he already had a grand plan in mind to develop his shadow-based abilities into something as powerful as a destruction mage. Just as he was excitedly making his plans, Xiao Yao s voice rang out. Dinner's ready, Such Chun. All right. Suchin responded and stood up. Walking into the mansion, there were seven or eight dishes on the table, all beautifully presented and fragrant. Shiao Chan, I didn't know what you like to eat, so I just made some random things. Do you think it suits your taste? Liulon smiled, her eyes full of expectation. Suchin picked up a piece of brazed pork, smelled its aroma, took a bite, and found it tender, juicy, and delicious. A satisfied smile appeared on his face. Auntie's cooking is so delicious. Leulon was in a great mood. I'm glad you like it. My Yayao always says my cooking is terrible. She then glared at Chia Yao. No way. Maybe it's because I eat your delicious food everyday that I've become picky. Suchin quickly said, trying to smooth things over. Liuan nodded in satisfaction. You speak so sweetly. Eat more. Okay. Just as Such Chan was about to pick up some food, Liuan added, "Yaoya, don't worry about yourself. Pick up some food for Shiao Chan." She Yao Yao pouted inwardly realizing something was wrong but still picked up a piece of meat, her face showing a sullen expression. Suchin accepted it with a rice smile. Such Chan, which superpower academy are you planning to attend? Shiuan Shan asked. Chapter 18. The Bloodbeast Church's second exodus from the city. Just go to whichever college offers the best rewards. Is that so? Then you must tell us after you choose your academy. I was thinking of having Yao Yao go to the same academy as well. Xi Yuan Shan had two purposes in mind. If his daughter had feelings for Such Chan, it might lead to a good marriage. More importantly, he knew his daughter's personality well, and if Such Chan was there to look after her in the mixed superpower academy, she would be less likely to be bullied. Okay, I'll definitely let you know when the time comes. Such Chan politely agreed, then asked, "Are there any prisoners or demonic beasts to be executed recently?" Xiuan Shan frowned slightly. Shiao Chan, why are you asking this? I want to overcome my fear of killing, so I want to practice first. Su Xan said earnestly. Xiai Ya Yao blinked, thinking to herself. This isn't right, is it? When he killed Lihung Shan, he was so excited. Where was the fear? Xi Yuan Shan pondered for a moment. There are a few escaped demonic beasts and several members of the blood beast church in the city. They are to be executed the day after tomorrow. If you want to practice, you can go and give it a try. What kind of organization is the bloodbeast church? Suchin asked curiously. Shiu and Shans eyes. The Bloodbeast Church is an organization composed of a bunch of heartless bastards. Some joined because they were dissatisfied with their low level of superpowers, while others were oppressed by life. The high priest used a secret method to inject the essence of demonic beasts into their bodies, making them half human and half beast, greatly enhancing their physical attributes and strength. Once they gained power, they wre havoc everywhere, like rats hiding in dark corners. hated by everyone. After listening, Such Chan gained a deeper understanding of this high martial arts world. Even after 3 years of transmigration, he still didn't fully grasp its secrets. However, a thought popped into his mind. If he killed the halfhuman, half beast creature, would he receive double the kill points? Thinking of this, he was filled with anticipation for his execution the day after tomorrow. Thank you for your explanation, Uncle Xi. Shi Yuan Shan waved his hand. No need to be polite, but I would like to remind you that you must always keep justice in mind. Understood, Uncle Shei. I have my own standard of justice. All right, come find me at 8:00 the day after tomorrow, and I'll take you to the execution ground. You'll be in charge of dealing with those guys. Xi Yuan Shan laughed heartily. Thank you so much, Uncle Xi. Such Chan was overjoyed as these were all valuable kill points. Lunch ended quickly. Uncle Xi, Aunt Lee, I have other matters to attend to, so I'll take my leave now. Suchin respectfully stood up. Shiao Chan, drive carefully. Come visit again when you have time, Leulan said gently. Okay, and shell definitely come again just because of your delicious cooking. Cultivate diligently. I look forward to your future performance. Shi Yuan Shan patted Such Sean on the shoulder. I will, Uncle Xi. I'll head back now. Suchin smiled politely and turned around. Xiuan, Shan, and Li Yuan exchanged a glance, then looked at Xi Yao beside them. Ya Yao, why don't you go and see Shiao Chin off. Okay. Xiai Yao Yao replied softly, and the two walked outside together. I like Such Chin more and more the more I look at him. Li Yuan sighed softly. A good young man, a promising talent. As for whether he can succeed, that depends on fate. Xi Yuan Shan nodded, his eyes filled with anticipation. As she left the mansion, Xiai Yayao said to Such Chan with a hint of apology. I'm sorry. I didn't expect Mom and Dad to do this. It's all right. I think it's fine. Suchin smiled, his eyes gentle. Xiai Yaya looked up in confusion. What do you mean by that? Such Chan smiled mysteriously. It doesn't mean anything special. It's just that my aunt and uncle made me feel a long- lost warmth, and they are really nice people. Compared to the ugly face of the Luo family, "Today's day at the Xi family's house was exceptionally comfortable for him." Xi Yao blushed slightly, wondering to herself. Could it be that he likes me? Should I say yes? Wait, no. We initially agreed it was just a fake relationship. Such Chun, you don't like me, do you? Let me tell you, I'm not dating right now. Her voice was shy. No, no, no. I like your parents, not you. Suchin teased her deliberately. Xiai Yao blushed, feeling both embarrassed and annoyed. Yu Yu Yu. Seeing this, Such Chan turned and ran, shouting, "Bye-bye, Miss Xi." Xiai Ya Yao clenched her fist and shouted, "Next time I see you, I'm definitely going to beat you up." But then she realized that she was only at the first level of the first rank and couldn't beat Such Sean. So, she could only secretly resolve to cultivate more and add 3 minutes every day. After leaving the Shei family, Such Chun didn't rush home, but went hunting outside the city. It was only noon and he still had the afternoon to use. When he arrived at the city gate, the two guards from last time stopped him. Such Chun, you've only been awakened for 2 days. You should stay home and cultivate properly first. The monsters outside the city are difficult to deal with and very dangerous. Yes, you are the darling of Chuanchin. If something happens to you, the loss will be huge. Suchin shook his head. I'm just going out to see the scenery. I'll be back in a bit. Nothing will happen. The two guards exchanged a glance. Are you really sure you want to go out? Thank you for your kindness, but I'm just going to enjoy the scenery. There will be no danger. All right, come back immediately if you encounter any danger. Such Chan gave an okay sign, walked out of the city gate, took out a map of the area around Chuan City, and began to look for a relatively safe hunting location. Chapter 19. The mysterious egg. In the end, Such Chan resolutely chose the Fallen Leaf Forest. The monsters here are generally at least at the fourth level of the first tier, making it extremely dangerous, but higher level monsters mean more killing opportunities. The bigger the storm, the more valuable the fish. He followed the map's route with lightning speed. The two guards watched his departing figure and sighed helplessly. "I really hope he can come back safely. I tried to persuade him, but he wouldn't listen. I can only let him go," one person said worriedly. He has S-level superpowers, but instead of training properly, he insists on hunting. "Let's pray he's safe," another person chimed in. Less than half an hour later, the man in black quietly left the city. "Are you sure Su Chin has left the city?" one of them asked menacingly. "It's absolutely true, Lord Huang Yuan. I saw it with my own eyes," the other person replied respectfully. Huang Yuan frowned and pondered for a moment, then said, "Very good. There will be a great reward for capturing him. Thank you, Lord Huang Yuan. I would be content if you would just say a few good words for me to the special envoy. Huang Yuan sneered, a ruthless glint in his eyes. Why should these people be able to awaken S-level abilities? These geniuses all deserve to die. That's right. Their S powers should belong to us. The two men's eyes were filled with madness and jealousy. Huang Yuan clenched his fist, his knuckles turning white. Let's go. Let's meet this idiot. He only awakened his powers and he's already hunting monsters on his second day. Isn't he afraid of getting swatted to death? Zukuan hesitated. My lord, should we call the special envoy along? O, the two of us are enough. Huang Yuan sneered. But he is, after all, a prodigy with S-level superpowers. Zukuan was still worried. Huang Yuan said dismissively. He only awakened on the second day, at most at the second level of the first rank. I am already at the seventh level of the first rank and you are at the fifth level of the first rank. Who do you think will win between us and him? Zukuan suddenly realized that the difference in their cultivation levels was obvious and Such Chun had no way to escape. Let's go. Let's search the low-level monster area first. The two move forward quickly. Host has killed a tier one quadruple shadow cat. Kill points plus 20. Host has killed a tier one level five gale dog. Kill points plus 25. Suchin arrived at the deciduous forest and hunted down two demonic beasts in quick succession, their blood instantly staining the ground red. Just as he was about to hunt down the next one, a system notification sounded. Ding! Host has accumulated 1,000 kill points. Special rewards have been stored in system space. In the next stage, the host will receive a special reward once they accumulate 100,000 kill points. Such Chan was slightly taken aback, then excitedly checked the system space where he saw a giant egg lying quietly. The egg was the size of two or three ostrich eggs, completely black and exuding a mysterious aura. He activated the detection function. Mysterious egg, a young demon beast, will hatch in 10 days and will recognize its host as its master. Curiosity surged within him. Could it be a dragon, a phoenix, or some other powerful demonic beast? His heart raced. If a dragon hatched, he could take flight on the spot. He retrieved the egg into his system space while anticipating the special reward of 100,000 kill points. But right now, the most important thing was to continue earning kill points. Host has killed a tier one. Level five gale wolf. Kill points plus 25. Host has killed a tier one. Level five sky piercing rat. Kill points plus 25. A few hours later, the kill points reach 500. Such ordered his cultivator to advance to the next realm. system. Upgrade to tier one, level five. After consuming 375 kill points, the host cultivation level has successfully advanced to the fifth level of the first tier. Such Chan was surprised and asked in confusion, "Wasn't it supposed to be 500 kill points?" System response: The host has cultivated to 25% progress in the fifth level of the first tier. The system has automatically deducted the required kill points to complete the upgrade. Great. Great, Brother Tong. I love you. Suchin laughed loudly. With the systems help, he vowed to wipe out the entire high martial arts world. After advancing to the fifth level of the first rank, a fierce glint flashed in Su Chens eyes as he prepared to settle accounts with the giant rock crocodile from before. He carried the magic sythe and strode towards the distance of the stream where he soon saw the giant rock crocodile. Name: Rock crocodile. Bloodline normal. Realm level, first tier, seventh level. Attributes: Water Rock. Note, this creature has thick skin and tough flesh. Killing it will grant 80 kill points. Seeing that he could gain 80 kill points, Such Chin's fighting spirit sword. He raised his hand and a huge shadow claw appeared out of thin air, slamming down on the rock crocodile with a whoosh. Boom! The rock shattered and blood gushed out. The giant crocodile roared angrily, staring at Su Chun, who was at the fifth level of the first tier, with disdain in its eyes. and then opened its blood red mat pounce. Kneel down, Such Chin roared, and a dark abyss appeared out of thin air, tightly locking the giant crocodiles limbs. The giant crocodile struggled frantically, finally breaking free of the demonic pool and lunging at Such Chun. Such Chun shook his head slightly, revealing his appreciation. He enjoyed challenging strong opponents. With a thought, the Death Scythe flashed, meeting the giant crocodiles gaping Maw with a single swing. thud. Blood gushed out as the giant crocodile's lower jaw was cleaved in two. Suchin challenged. Come on, let's go again. The giant crocodile slammed its forlims into the ground, sending sharp rock pillars bursting forth and trapping Su Chun in the center. A cruel glint flashed in its eyes as it prepared to tear him to shreds. Chapter 20. Blood Beast Church attacks the Azure Wolf envoy. Black Shadow charged forward like a hurricane. Yet, Suchin showed no sign of panic or fear. His gaze was as cold as an abyss, as if he were staring at a lifeless object. This sudden look made the attacker's heart tighten. It roared and raised its enormous hand high, attempting to smash Su Chun into a pulp. Such Chin's expression was cold and stern. The death scythe in his hand, its dark light spreading. "You still want to trap me?" wishful thinking. With a mighty swing, the death scythe with overwhelming force cleaved the giant rock in front of him, scattering fragments everywhere. Then he swung the scythe again, its light flashing through the air as it precisely struck the leaping forpaw. With a crack, the rock crocodile S4paw was severed in two. The giant crocodile screamed, its massive body crashing to the ground as it lost its balance, the impact shaking the earth. Suchin showed no mercy, raising the death scythe high. die. The demonic scythe pierced the rock crocodile's body with a mighty force. The crocodile's massive body was instantly cleaved in two and blood splattered like red rain, staining the demonic scythe black. Host has killed a tier one seven layer rock crocodile. Kill points plus 80. Such breathed slightly, put the corpse into his storage ring, and nodded in satisfaction. A first tier seventh level demonic beast. Nothing special. In melee combat, the death scythe is like the grim reaper scythe. Invincible, the shadow claw and the dark abyss pool work seamlessly together in ranged combat. Who would dare to provoke them easily? He took the energy recovery potion, closed his eyes to rest, and restored his energy. In the distance, on a tree, Zukuan scratched his head. This kid is really courting death by hunting monsters in such a dangerous area. A glint of jealousy flashed in Huang Yuans eyes. Lost, huh? He's sitting there. That stupid S-class superpower prodigy. I really don't know how he even awakened. Zuku Kuwan chimed in. Brother Yuan will personally slap him a few times later and teach him a lesson. Huang Yuans eyes flashed with a fierce light as he activated his superpower, a surge of azure light, swift as the wind. He moved nimly, dagger in hand, and launched a light sneak attack on Such Chun. Such Chan was resting with his eyes closed when he suddenly heard a soft rustling of leaves. He opened his eyes abruptly. A cold glint flashed and the death scythe was instantly drawn. Clang, the weapons clashed, sparks flying everywhere. Huang Yuan was surprised, not expecting Su Chin to react so quickly. Such Chan frowned slightly, thinking to himself, "Why did this person attack me without provoking me? What a lack of marshall ethics." He then activated his detection function. Name: Huang Yuan. Faction: Blood Beast Church Elite. Special ability rank D. Gale speed. Realm level first tier seventh level. Bone tempering three wheels. Note, after fusing with the essence of the Gail Wolf, the speed of the halfh human half beast form is greatly increased and 120 kill points can be obtained for each kill. Seeing the information on the panel, Such Chan understood immediately those beasts from the blood beast church. With these 120 kill points, Huang Yuan was doomed. Such Chun, I'll give you two choices. Cow and beg for mercy before you die or die right now. Suchin raised an eyebrow. Me die then I'd like to see how you die. He gripped the death side tightly and slashed straight at Huang Yuan. Huang Yuan instinctively tried to block and with a crack the dagger shattered, breaking into two pieces. How is this possible? My D-L combat soldier is so weak. Hang Yuan took several steps back and was surprised to find that Su Chin's aura was actually at the fifth level of the first rank. Trash soldiers, you think you can compare to my spiritual weapon? How laughable. Dark element flashed in Su Chin's hand, and the dark abyss demon pool immediately trapped Huang Yuan, making him unable to move. Su Chin approached step by step, radiating a chilling killing intent like the grim reaper descending. Zukuan, stop hiding, Huang Yuan shouted. die. Zukuin suddenly charged out, slashing at Such Chun with his broadsword, which was wathed in red blood energy, clearly indicating that he had activated his special ability. Such Chun was prepared and blocked with the demonic scythe. Clang, the broadsword collided with the demonic scythe. Above the sky, Shiaoengs shadow claw appeared and slammed down. Zukuan screamed in agony, his flesh and blood mangled. He didn't even have time to activate his halfh human half beast form before collapsing to the ground. His fate unknown. Huang Yuan's pupils dilated, a mixture of anger and despair in his eyes. What right do you have to kill him? What right do you have? His hands transformed into wolf claws. Black wolf for covered his arms and his wolf tail swung unleashing his halfhuman half beast state. I won't kill him. I'll wait for him to kill me. Are you out of your mind? Killing him means certain death. Now taste my halfh human, half beast state. Huang Yuan forcefully broke free from the demon pool's restraints, his speed as elusive as a ghost, his wolf claws stabbing towards Such Chun. Suchin chuckled. Perfect. I'll use you to test my skills. Dark bat strike. Dark elements flashed wildly in his eyes, and a giant dark bat condensed in his hand. It spread its wings and flew out, transforming into countless shadowy bats that swept through the yellow abyss like a black storm. Huang Yuan waved his claws to scare them away. But the bats quickly reformed, gnawing at his flesh and blood in a horrifying sight. Don't underestimate the dark element. Such Chun used his last source energy, shadow claw, to slam Huang Yuan into the deep pit, and the dark bath strike disappeared. Huang Yuan coughed up blood heavily. Don't kill me. I can serve you. Speak. Who sent you? Huang Yuan gritted his teeth. It's a special envoy that Sanong special envoy sent me. Suchin silently memorized the message, a murderous glint flashing in his eyes, intending to deal with them one by one in the future. The azure wolf envoy. What a joke. Am I really that deserving of death? Chapter 21. Introduction. The dark bad attack and the execution of prisoners. Such frowned slightly, a cold glint in his eyes. he asked. Then where exactly is your base? I don't know. The outpost changes every week. I really don't know. The demonic scythe flashed like black lightning, severing the man's head. If you can't get any useful information out of me, then don't blame me for being ruthless. Kill points are what really matter. Before arriving, this man was aggressive, threatening to let Su Chun choose his own way to die. But now he was begging for mercy, which was disgusting. Suchin frowned in disgust, ransacked Huang Yuan's valuables, and prepared to leave. The bloodbeast church was elusive, and he knew that other enemies might still be lurking outside the city. This experience served as a wake-up call. Without sufficient means of survival, he must never leave the city lightly. And even if he did, he must disguise himself and hunt cautiously. Damn it, I must eradicate the blood beast cult no matter what. Suchin cursed under his breath, then turned and hurried on his way. Hours later, dusk settled over the city gate and the setting sun cast long shadows. "Hey, Such Chun, you actually came back alive," the city gate guard exclaimed in surprise. "What? Am I in your way because I'm alive?" Suchin rolled his eyes at him, annoyed. "No, no, I was just worried about you." Without saying a word, Suchin tossed Hong Yuans head to the guard, saying, "I'm giving it to you since you're on guard duty." The guard stared at the rolling head and stammered. "Such? What? But what is this? This man is called Huang Yuan. He came to assassinate me, but I killed him. I remember that you can get a reward for killing members of the blood beast church. The two stared at each other, stunned. Huang Yuan, ruthless and at the seventh level of the first rank, was easily killed by Such Chun. Su, Lord Such Chun, this did you really cut this? The guard asked respectfully, his eyes filled with awe. I didn't cut it. You did? Such Chun said impatiently, turning around and entering the city. The two were so ashamed they wanted to disappear into the ground. Lord Su Chun, we misunderstood. You are unparalleled in the world, and we even said behind your back that you were a fool. Such Chan waved his hand. All right, you mean well by advising me, so just accept your reward. An ordinary civilian who awakens an S-level superpower and goes out to hunt monsters in the wild the next day would be nothing short of reckless. But Such Chun is different. He has a system to help him. Thank you, Lord Su. I will cheer for you in the face of the Luo family in 2 days, the guard said excitedly. Such Chun waved his hand casually, whatever. The two men looked at each other and said in unison, "Anyone who dares to speak ill of Su Chan, I will bite off their descendants." Back home, Such Chin sat down wearily, looking at the 400 plus kill points in his hand, and poured them all into shadow bat assault. Instantly, powerful energy surged into his body, and his combat skill successfully entered the entry level. The shadow bat became even more powerful, and he controlled it with ease. Few, I hope there are more death row inmates tomorrow so I can get more kill points. Suchini as the number of kill points needed to level up increased. It was no small amount. He shook his head to calm himself and activated the shadow ability cultivation technique, merging himself into the shadows. Dark elements surged into his body like living things, greatly increasing his cultivation speed. He then attempted to separate his shadow to assist in his cultivation. Dark elements surged violently, gradually coalescing into an identical human figure. As soon as it was formed, Such Chun was panting heavily, his forehead covered in sweat. No, it's not enough. Separating the shadow is difficult. Although his cultivation level was low, he wasn't in a hurry. The shadow ability had immense potential. If he could condense 10 or even a hundred shadows in the future, his cultivation speed would advance by leaps and bounds. Having eaten and drunk his fill, he lay down on his bed, preparing to rest. After executing the prisoners tomorrow, he would have to prepare fully for the battle against the Luo family. His blood boiled. He had no reason to lose. The next morning, at the execution ground in the back mountain of the Superpower Management Bureau, Sud Shan, this is the list of those to be executed today. Xi Yuan Shan handed over the document, his eyes filled with concern. Such Chun unfolded the list which contained 15 people ranging from the highest level of the first tier, 9inth level to the lowest level of the first tier, fourth level. The crimes were clearly recorded. Rape, malicious murder, and membership in the Bloodbeast Church. There were also 10 three-eyed demon rats at around the fifth level of the first tier. Such Chan mentally calculated that he could get at least 1,000 kill points from this wave. The first level 9 level alone was worth 200 points and the second level would be double that. Uncle Xi, remember to come to me next time something like this happens. Shi Yuan Shan frowned slightly, puzzled as to why the young man was excited about killing, but still nodded. All right, I will definitely support you with all my might. The two walked and talked until they arrived at the execution ground. Dozens of second and third tier ability users stood ready, their eyes alert. More than a dozen prisoners were subdued, bound hand and foot, and kneeling on the ground, awaiting their execution. Upon seeing Xiuan Shan arrive, the deputy director of the Chuaning Supernatural Abilities Bureau hurriedly greeted him, saying, "Lord Xi, it is an honor to have you here. We have failed to welcome you properly. It's all right." Shiuan Shan waved his hand, his attitude amiable. The deputy director looked at Su Chun and said, "This must be Such Chun who has awakened his S-level abilities. He is indeed a handsome man. Suchin responded politely. Hello, deputy director. The deputy director nodded. I'll have to trouble you, young brother Such Chun, to carry out the execution today. Such Chun is an S-level prodigy with unlimited potential, so it's always good to be polite to him. No trouble at all. I'm the one who's bothering you, Such Chin said humbly. At this moment, the prisoner arrogantly shouted, "Let some worthless kid execute me? What kind of man are you? If you're so capable, let's have a fair fight. Chapter 22. Unleashing a blood bath. He was like the grim reaper. Just as Leoan was about to speak, Such Chin gestured, Deputy Director, leave it to me. He walked up to the prisoner and asked in a cold voice. You said, "You want to fight me fair and square?" "Yeah, you don't dare, then you're no real man." Suchin nodded slightly, a chilling smile playing on his lips. The death scythe appeared in his hand. "You dare call yourself a man? Why did you secretly harm students on a rainy day? As soon as he finished speaking, two dark lights flashed and the prisoner's arms flew off instantly, splattering blood everywhere. You have no sportsmanship. Suchin stepped on his face and said coldly, "Scound, go to hell." With a flick of his arm, his head flew off, "Defeat, Juiao. Tier 1, level seven, kill points plus 120." In the distance, Xiuan Shan watched this scene in silence, staring at the shadow demon side in Su Chin's hand. Could this be a companion spirit weapon? Just as Su Chan was about to make another move, a black minivan sped up and came to a smooth stop at the execution ground. The door opened and an extraordinary woman and an elderly man with white hair stepped out. The white-haired old man, Lu Dong, respectfully bowed to Shi Yuan Sha, Lord Xi. The Lu family also came to watch the execution. Xi Yuan Shan nodded slightly. My young lady awakened this year. She first came to the execution ground to overcome her murderous mentality before going to hunt demons. Lu Dong explained. Shiu and Shauns gaze fell on the woman. This must be Miss Lu. Lu Yian smiled and said, "Greetings, city Lord Xi. You're too late. The prisoners here have already been handed over to Such Chan." A hint of displeasure flashed in Lu Yians eyes as she looked at Su Chun, who was about to make a move and felt a pang of jealousy. Such Chun, what are you doing here? She stepped forward. Suchin coldly replied. What else can we do here? Kill, of course. With a swing of his demonic scythe, another head rolled to the ground. Killed. Lu Yian clenched her fists, her anger rising. They were bound. What kind of person are you to kill them? You're a dignified S-class ability user. Why don't you have a fair fight? Suchin stopped what he was doing, his brows furrowed slightly, and he replied coldly, "Dear not, what is there to be afraid of?" Lu Yian was stunned, a look of surprise flashing in her eyes, but she became even more excited. "Brother Such Chun is so amazing. Then let's have a fair and square duel." Su Chun sneered, his demonic scythe pointing directly at the ninth level first tier prisoner in front of him. "Everyone except you. Come at me." The prisoners were eager and ready to fight. The escorts from the Supernatural Abilities Bureau looked anxiously at Ligoan, who in turn looked at Xiuan Shan. Do as Su Chun says. Xiuan Chan finally said. Ligoan nodded and ordered, "Untie them." Luian excitedly took out her phone, ready to record the scene where Su Chun might be in a sorry state. "I can still beat you up before I die, brothers. Let's get him." A dozen prisoners rushed towards Such Chun, but he stood firm as a pine tree, his eyes showing no fear. The moment the prisoners drew near, the demonic scythe swung violently. Thud, thud, thud. The first few people were cut in half at the waist and kill points poured into the system. The prisoner screamed in terror. He He's deaf. Run. Such sneered, his black trench coat billowing in the wind, his voice like a judgment from hell. Run. You think you can escape? In the sky, the dark shadow claw with its overwhelming momentum directly knocked down the prisoner who tried to fight back. instantly turning him into mincemeat. Of the dozen or so people, less than 10 remained, and they fled in terror. Chapter 23. Add points. Add points. Add points. If you're going to fight, fight the elites. Shadowclaw, dark abyss, corrosive bat assault. Activate them all. Suchin shouted. With the early admissions season ending tomorrow, he no longer needed to hold back. He revealed all his trump cards. The combat technique was activated and the escaped prisoners were instantly plunged into endless pain and despair. Their screams echoing throughout the execution ground. The terror, more deadly than ordinary executions, made them experience fear in their final moments. Suchan casually cut off the head of the last prisoner and threw it directly at Lu Yan. H. Luan's face turned deathly pale as she saw the flying head, screaming and retreating violently. Her eyes were filled with disbelief and fear. How could Such Chun be only at the fifth level of the cultivation realm? He killed these people of the same realm so easily. The black trench coat was soaked in blood. The crimson bloodstained stark against the black cloth and the demonic sythe dripped blood closing in step by step. "What are you afraid of? Do you want me to chop a few more to liven things up?" Suchin asked coldly. Luian panicked and slipped while backing away. She lost her balance and fell heavily to the ground, desperately trying to move backward. Don't come any closer. Don't come any closer. At this moment, Such Chan was no longer a human being in her eyes, but a cold and ruthless demon. You idiot, you better pray you never run into me again, or I'll beat you every time I see you. Such Chun said coldly in a low voice. Such Chun, how dare you threaten Miss and scare her like this? Luong roared. What are you trying to do to my son-in-law? Xiuan Shan stepped forward slowly, slapped Lu Dongs shoulder hard with his palm, and secretly exerted force. With a crack, the sound of bonebreaking could be clearly heard. "Uggh, Lord City Lord, I was wrong." Lu Dong cried out in pain and begged for mercy. "It's good that you know you're wrong. Why don't you take your young lady and leave right now?" Xiuan Shan smiled. Lu Yian had provoked Su Chin first. If it were anyone else, they probably would have succeeded. Trying to bully her future son-in-law. Not a chance. Lu Dong dared not say anything more, helped up the trembling Lu Yan, and left in a sorry state. Such Chun, well done. Now that you've dealt with the last man and the caged beast, come with me. Xi Yu Yu Yu Yu Yu Yu Yu Yu Yu Yuan Shan said with a satisfied smile. Suchin nodded respectfully. Thank you, Uncle Xi. He then slowly walked towards the person at the ninth level of the first rank. The man looked up, a sense of relief in his eyes. I have no regrets about dying at your hands. The memories deep within him were awakened, but it was too late to undo the damage. In your next life, remember to be a good person. Such Chun borrowed a sword, pierced the heart with one stroke, and then killed the remaining three-eyed rat demons, ending the execution. 2,300 kill points flooded into the system, and Such Chin's eyes flashed with excitement. His strength improvement was finally guaranteed. Back beside Shiuan Shan, Such Chin smiled and said, "Let's go, kid. I have something to ask you in the car. He nodded and prepared to get into the car, but Ligoan quickly said, "Su Chun, after graduation, would you be willing to join the Superpower Management Bureau? I will contact my superiors and try to get you the best possible treatment." Su Chun shook his head slightly. It's too early to talk about it now. Let's talk about it after graduation. Lioen handed over his business card. Contact me anytime if you need anything in the future. My superiors can also contact you personally. Such Chan took the business card and got into the car with Xiuan Shan. Leo inside helplessly, "Clean up the execution ground." In the car, Xiuan Shan asked with great interest, "Such Chan, do you really need to overcome your homicidal phobia?" Suchin coughed lightly. "When I saw the criminals heinous crimes just now, I was so angry that I didn't need to restrain myself." Xi Yuan Shan didn't believe it, but he didn't press the matter. Everyone has secrets, so your cultivation level wasn't also improved by chance. And your third tier combat skill was also improved by luck. Yes, just good luck, Suchin replied casually. Xi Yuan Shan shook his head, a smile playing on his lips. This kid never tells the truth. His cultivation speed is ridiculously fast. He's truly a diligent and hard-working child. Your magic scythe, could it be a companion spirit weapon? Shiuan Shan asked. Yes, Lord Xi. What about the level S level? Shi Yuan Shan nodded with delight. Good. You've been hiding it well. The power of the companion spirit weapon far exceeds that of ordinary combat weapons, and it cannot be damaged. Such Chan touched his nose, somewhat embarrassed. Uncle Shiu flatter me. I just happened to awaken it by chance. Xiuan Shan asked with a smile. Have you figured out the special abilities yet? Not yet. Don't rush. Hunt more monsters. You can only understand it in actual combat. Yes, I will, Lord. She Xi Yuan Shan exclaimed, "I look forward to your great achievements after you arrive at the Superpower Academy." Su Chens eyes were firm. I'm looking forward to it, too. A crushing defeat without any suspense is not as satisfying as a worthy opponent. His goal is to defeat the Dragon Kingdom's top genius and rebuild the glory of the dark element. Chapter 24. Rapid improvement to welcome the three-year agreement. Xiuan Shan looked at Su Chan, his tone filled with expectation. You kid, you have to tell me as soon as you've chosen your superpower academy. Su Chan smiled sincerely. That's for sure, City Lord Xi. Please rest assured. Xi Yuan Shan took out a red jade stone from his bosom and handed it to him. Take this. This jade stone is very special. It will automatically activate a fifth level protective fire shield when you encounter danger. As soon as the jade stone breaks, I will be able to sense it and rush to your aid immediately. In Su Chens eyes, then I won't be polite. The two returned by car. As night fell inside the Luo family mansion, Lu Dong Shan asked Luo Chingshua, "Daughter, how is your cultivation going? Tomorrow is the three-year agreement with Su Chan." Luo Chingua replied calmly, "First tier, second level combat skills are also improving." Luo Dong Shan instructed. Remember to use the A-level combat soldier that the steward gave you. Luo Ching Shua nodded slightly and replied coldly before leaving. If there's nothing else, I'll take my leave. Luo Don Shan sighed helplessly. As long as you win, you will compensate him with all the resources. Luoqing responded softly. Mm. Meanwhile, Suchin sat in the restaurant facing Xio, smiling easily. Little girl, thank you for your hospitality. Xiai Ya Yao wrinkled her nose and snorted. Hump, I didn't want to treat you to anything, but my father insisted that I come to see you. What did you do with him this morning? Suchin teased. So, if you really didn't want to treat me, why would you come all the way here to invite me to dinner? Xiai Yao Yao was stunned. Then change the subject. Tomorrow is the 3-year agreement. Do you need me to go? Suchin shook his head. No need. Xi Yao pouted anxiously. You're bullying me. Suchin said helplessly. Okay, please. I'm begging you. Can we go tomorrow? Xia Yao Yao pouted hottily. That's more like it, but I'm not going either. Such Chun chuckled and teased. Then I'll have to find someone else. The school beauty from number three middle school or number four middle school? Xiao Yao hurriedly said, "No, I'll definitely be there tomorrow." Suchin smiled faintly and shook his head. You're just saying that. Then he stood up. The money has been paid. See you tomorrow. Xiai was in a great mood and left with a smile. Going home. Back home, Suchin closed the door and opened the control panel. He had earned 2 million from hunting monsters and selling low-level weapons today and used all his savings to buy a third tier movement technique, Shadow Flash. He ordered system upgrade to beginner level. 300 kill points consumed. Shadow Flash beginner level. 2,000 points remaining. He then advanced to the sixth level of the first tier, consuming 600 points, leaving him with 1,400 points. Then upgrade dark abyss and dark bath strike to minor mastery, consuming, 1100 points, leaving 300 points remaining. The power within his body surged, the dark abyss demon pool expanded. The dark bat attack became more ferocious, and the shadow flash could instantly teleport within 10 meters. Looking at the remaining kill points, Su Chun sighed. The further we go, the greater the difficulty and the higher the cost become exponentially increasing. He opened the properties panel and checked the status name Such Chun. Cultivation method shadow ability cultivation method superpower Srank shadow king realm first order sixth level bone tempering second round completed. Accompanying spiritual artifact Srank death scythe. Combat skills tier three dark bat strike minor mastery tier three shadow flash beginner. Tier 2 shadow claw minor mastery tier 2 dark abyss minor mastery backpack a mysterious egg. Clenching his fist, Such Chan whispered. If the Luo family acts ruthlessly tomorrow, don't blame me for being unjust. He pulled the covers over himself and fell into a deep sleep, preparing for the three-year agreement to be fulfilled the next day. Chapter 25. The five major abilitymies arrive to repay a 100fold. Under the blazing June sun, the intense rays bathed the campus of Sichuan number two middle school, making it shine brilliantly. Above the main gate, a banner hung high. Welcome to the five abilitymies. Principal Wong Dong, dressed in formal attire, stood at the entrance, standing in neat rows alongside the leadership team, his eyes filled with anticipation. Students crowded both sides of the gate, their eyes sparkling with excitement and envy. This year, number two middle school really benefited from Such Chun and Lu Chinguas influence with the five major superpowermies coming to recruit students ahead of schedule. the second class teacher said in a low voice. There were none last year, but two this year, and both of them are elementalists, top tier S-class ability users. Wong Dongs face beamed with pride, and the leadership team and deans of studies nodded in agreement. Suddenly, a low rumble sounded, and five military vehicles slowly drove in. Wong Dong straightened his clothes, his expression serious. The vehicles came to a stop in front of the gate. The doors opened, and three men and two women got out. Isn't that Xiao Tian Yun, the head of the gun department at the Shanghai Superpower Academy? The crowd exclaimed in hush tones. And there's also Longhan from the military ability university who slew a seventh tier king-level monster. Chu Xining from Jing Wu Superpower University is here too. The students admiration was palpable. Wong Dong hurly stepped forward. Welcome to our school for the recruitment of students from the five colleges. It is an honor to have you here. Not at all. It's all thanks to Principal Wongs excellent teaching. Liiwayi, representative of Guang Wu Supernatural Abilities Academy, replied with a smile. Where are Su Chun and Luo Chingshua? Xiao Tian Yun, the representative from Shanghai Martial Arts University, asked impatiently. Tian Yun, you still have a fiery temper. Chu Xining, the representative from Kyoto, chuckled. Neither side would back down. Lu Fong Wan, the representative of Beu Supernatural Abilities Academy, frowned and stopped them, saying, "We are here to recruit new students, not to listen to arguments." Wong Dong stood in the middle, smiling awkwardly, and tried to mediate. Representatives of themies, Such Chun, and Lu Ching Shua from our school have a duel today. Why don't we go to the martial arts arena first and then proceed with the recruitment after the competition? The five representatives nodded, and Wong Dong led the way to the training ground. Upon arrival, he handed over Such Chuan and Luo Chingshuas information to the representatives of each academy. It's truly rare for an ordinary person to awaken an S-rank ability, but unfortunately, his opponent is Luo Chingshi, who has the strength to back him up, Lu Funan frowned, and the other representatives agreed. Dark type abilities are slightly weaker than elemental abilities like ice, lightning, and fire. And coupled with his commoner background, Such Chun is at a disadvantage in this battle. Wong Dong smiled and said, "Distinguished representatives, please excuse me." He then turned and went back to the school gate. "Lord Xi, what brings you to number two high school today?" Wongdong asked, somewhat surprised. "Of course, I'll watch my future son-in-laws matches." Wong Dong was stunned. Su Chins image flashing through his mind. City Lord Xi, you came for Such Chin? Yes. Can I go in? Of course, please. Wong Dong gestured for him to proceed. His heart filled with shock. Such Chan was actually Xi Yuan Chans future son-in-law. At the school gate, figures from various powerful groups in Chuaning arrived one after another. Wong Dong sighed helplessly. The Luo family was using this opportunity to further their rise and status. How easy is it for one person to fight against a family? At this moment, Such Chan was holding a fried rice cake in his hand, eating it with relish. Looking at the luxury cars and military vehicles in front of him, he couldn't help but click his tongue and say, "My goodness, what a big fuss." "Brother Chen, you're finally here." Hans Shalley ran over, panting, his face filled with anxiety. "What's wrong, Shalley?" Suchin stopped what he was doing. Brother Chun, don't be angry. I just saw the Luo family bringing your second uncle to watch the game. Hearing this, Such Chin's face darkened and his fists clenched. What a Luo family. They sent his second uncle here precisely to humiliate him in front of his closest relatives to have him trampled underfoot by Luo Chingshi. Without the system, he truly would have become the object of their shame. Thinking of this, Su Chins eyes flashed with anger. Today's battle, we must not only win, but also make Luo Dong Shan kneel down and apologize in public. Brother Chun, don't be angry. I believe you can win. Hans Shalley quickly comforted him. Suchin chuckled. I will not only win, I will absolutely crush them. He will repay them a hundfold. Chapter 26. From today onwards, we have nothing to do with each other. Hans Shali shouted with complete trust. I believe Brother Chun will definitely win. I trade my life of being single for brother Chin to win. Such Chun gently patted his shoulder. Hey, hey, you can't say things like that carelessly. Besides, I'm bound to win. Honi's smile widened. All right. Anyway, I unconditionally believe that brother Chin will win. Just as the two were about to step into the school gate, a clear, cold voice rang out. Such Chun, can we talk alone? Such Chan was slightly taken aback, then slowly turned around and saw Luo Chingshu as aloof and stunningly beautiful face. Can? Honoli smiled knowingly and turned to leave. The two walked side by side to a less crowded area where the atmosphere was quiet. Luo Chingshua stopped and slowly turned around. I hope you win this competition and I will let you win. Suchin shook his head. You don't need to go easy on me. I hope you go all out otherwise I won't even be able to withstand one move. Luo Ching Shu frowned slightly, a hint of doubt flashing in her eyes. The young man before her was completely different from the dull-witted Such Chun, she remembered. Do you really want me to give it my all? That's the best choice for both of us. Such Chun had no ill feelings towards Luo Chingshua. What he truly loathed was Luo Dong Shan, that treacherous person. Are you really sure about this? Yes. After today's battle, we have nothing to do with each other anymore. After saying that, Su Chun turned and left, leaving Luo Ching Shua standing there, watching his receding figure, her beautiful eyes filled with doubt. She sighed softly and also walked towards the martial arts arena. At this moment, the martial arts arena was densely packed with thousands of people, creating a bustling atmosphere. Representatives from various forces and organizations within the city as well as students from other schools were all present. A duel between S-level ability users was a rare occurrence and no one wanted to miss it. Lu Dong Shan walked towards the representatives and proudly said, "Ladies and gentlemen, I am Luo Chingshus father." From Jing Wu and Mo glanced at him indifferently, their eyes filled with disdain. Liwi smiled. The Luo family head deserves much credit for raising such an outstanding daughter. Luo Dong Shan responded modestly. Not at all. It's my daughter who's doing well. Lii turned his gaze to the arena, looking forward to the duel between Su Chun and Miss Ling. Luo Dong Shan laughed proudly, the compliments from the crowd making him feel as if he were drinking fine wine and his smile became even more smug. Don't worry, when my Luo family rises to a higher level, I will not forget you all. In the distance, Xiuan Shan looked at Luo Dong Seans smug expression and shook his head slightly. The Luo family is probably going to fall into ruin. Father, where is Su Chun? I can't see him. Xiai Yao looked around curiously. Well see him after Principal Wong finishes his polite speech. She gave a listless, oh her only reason for coming to this lively place was because of Such Chan. With almost everyone present, the atmosphere in the martial arts arena reached its peak. Wong Dong Lai stepped onto the platform and announced loudly, "Welcome everyone to watch the duel between Su Chun and Luo Ching Shua from our school and also welcome the representatives from the five major supernatural abilitymies." On the arena, the referees stood ready. While on the waiting bench, Luo Chingshua was the first to descend the steps and walk towards the arena. Her cold face was even more stunning in the sunlight, attracting countless gazes. School beauty Luo will win. Go school beauty Luo. The cheers surged like a tidal wave. Xiao Tian nodded slightly. This girl looks good. Liwi was certain. It's likely to be a crushing defeat. Ice Element is stronger than Dark Element. Luo Ching Shua has a powerful background while Su Chun is just an orphan and a commoner, so his chances of winning are slim. Chu Xining interrupted, "Don't rush. Such Chun hasn't come on stage yet." Wong Dongai shouted, "Let's invite Su Chun to the stage." However, the preparation area was empty, leaving everyone stunned and puzzled. The training ground doors slowly opened, and Sue Chun, dressed in black battle armor like a king of the night, steadily walked towards the arena. His gaze was calm as he looked around, and when he saw his second uncle waving, a warm smile appeared on his face. Su Tianfong shouted loudly, "Go Xiao Chun!" Such Chun smiled and nodded, giving him a reassuring look and then walked straight towards the arena. Chu Xining murmured. This kid gives off a mysterious vibe. Chapter 27. Su Chun versus Luo Chingshua. Who do you think will win? Lu Fongan asked, breaking the silence. That girl, after all, has a powerful background. In the past, it was rare for a commoner disciple to be able to defeat a disciple from a powerful faction. Ziao Tian Yun remained calm, his tone revealing certainty. Pretty much, it'll most likely be a crushing defeat for the girl over the boy. Lu Fongan added, "She had carefully reviewed the information on both of them. Such Chun, an orphan with no one to rely on, was worlds apart from the disciples of powerful factions in terms of resources and rare treasures. I have a feeling that the boy will win." Shu Xiining thought, her opinion completely different from the others. All four eyes turned to her, and Ziao Tian couldn't help but chuckle. A disciple of a powerful faction and with ice type abilities at that. How could she possibly lose to a commoner with dark type abilities? How about we make a bet? She is also a dark type ability user. The dark energy emanating from that young man gave her an indescribable feeling. It was as if in his presence she was an insignificant soldier while he was a high and mighty king. Although she didn't know why this kid gave her such a strong sense of pressure, she chose to trust her intuition. Okay, what do you want to bet on? Ziao Tian crossed his arms. If you win, I'll give you whatever you want. If I win, you give me a dark type combat skill of level five or higher. How about that? Fine, Chu Xining. Today, I'll make you face reality. For a commoner to defeat a disciple of a powerful family is harder than climbing to heaven. Then, let's wait and see. Chu Xinings hands clenched slightly. Kid, you'd better step up your game. On the arena, Lu Ching Shiua, dressed in cyan, formed a stark contrast. One was like a king in the night and the other like a ferry on an icy plane. The referee glanced at the two players and asked, "Ready?" "Um, okay." The two voices rang out almost simultaneously, each carrying a different emotion. The referee stepped back a few paces, standing at the edge of the ring, and then announced loudly. "The competition has officially begun." At her command, Luo Chingshi's body flashed with cold light, and the blue light in her eyes shone brightly like two dazzling sapphires. Absolute zero. She gently blew on the snowflakes in her hand, and instantly, countless snowflakes fluttered down like white elves dancing in the air. In the blink of an eye, the entire ground was covered with a thick layer of solid ice, and the cold was biting. Even Su Chin's body began to slowly form a thin layer of ice. And before long, he turned into an ice sculpture, motionless. Seeing this, Lu Chingshua couldn't help but feel puzzled. Why wasn't Su Chin doing anything? Are you just going to give up like that? And so, under the powerful suppression of absolute zero, Such Chun stood silently on the arena like a sealed statue. In an instant, the entire venue fell into a deathly silence. Everyone stared wideeyed, unable to believe what they were seeing. What is Suchin doing? Why isn't he moving? Has he already lost? TCH, I knew Suchin was no good. I didn't expect him to be so easily defeated, getting wiped out in one move. Haha, that's right. That's right. Seeing this, Lu Dong Shan secretly breathed a sigh of relief. He had originally thought that Su Chan would have some powerful methods, but he didn't expect him to be so weak. As expected, even with S-class superpowers, he's still nothing but a piece of trash. Just when everyone thought the competition was over, the ice sculpture suddenly moved. With a few crisp crack sounds, the ice on Su Chin's body instantly turned into countless fragments, scattering in all directions. A cold smile curled at the corner of his lips. "The competition has only just begun." Luo Chingshu frowned deeply. She took out the a minus grade frost sword from her storage ring and held it in her hand. Frost slash, a sharp sword aura mixed with bone chilling icy power shot towards Such Chun. However, Such Chin remained calm and composed, showing no sign of panic. He slowly extended his right hand, and black dark elements gathered and flickered in his palm. After a moment, a huge death sighthe appeared out of thin air, exuding a chilling dark aura. Faced with the fierce icy slash, he casually swung the demonic scythe in his hand, easily blocking the sword energy as if cutting grass. The power of ice dissipated and disappeared around the demonic scythe, unable to harm him in the slightest. Scythe seems utterly terrifying. Luo Chingshi's expression changed drastically, and a strong sense of fear welled up in her heart. Before she could think too much, a huge black shadow claw suddenly appeared in the sky and fell straight down on her. She was about to use her powers to dodge when she was horrified to find that she couldn't move. Looking down, she realized that she had somehow sunk deep into a dark abyss and black mist was wrapped around her legs like tentacles, making it impossible for her to break free. Boom! A loud bang like a muffled thunderclap rang out on the arena. Blood splattered and Luo Chingshua spat out a mouthful of blood as her body flew backward like a kite with a broken string. Her clothes vanished under the powerful impact, replaced by a gradea battle armor that shimmerred with silver light. It was precisely because of this armor that she was spared from being crippled and dying. Luo Ching Shua looked at the young man in front of her, her beautiful eyes filled with shock and disbelief. Why is he so strong? Looking at the powerful aura emanating from Such Chan, she gave a self-deprecating bitter laugh. She lost. He lost completely at the sixth level of the first rank. No wonder he was able to break through her ice seal. So, the clown was actually herself all along. And she even had the audacity to say she would give way to Such Chin. It's utterly ridiculous. A deep sense of powerlessness welled up inside her. And she wished she could just collapse right there. With this scene unfolding and Su Chin's cultivation level fully revealed, the entire audience was stunned. Did I see that right? Such Chin defeated School Beauty Luo in just two moves. And she was even wearing agrade battle armor. No. Are you kidding me? Such Chun is already at the sixth level of the first tier. What about my desperate cultivation to reach the first level of the first tier? Wow, that's so cool. Such Chun and that thing in his hand. Could it be a companion spirit artifact? Isn't it said that background is also a kind of strength? How come Luo Chingshi got completely crushed? In an instant, all the students in the room erupted in excitement. The previously overwhelming support instantly turned against them. Such Chun was now their one and only true god. Outrageous. Outrageous. This is absolutely outrageous. I'm getting my hands on this kid. Xiao Tian Yin slapped his thigh excitedly, his eyes gleaming with excitement. You have to understand, reaching the sixth level of the first rank on the fourth day of awakening is an unprecedented feat. According to the current records in their Dragon Kingdom, it takes 10 days to reach the sixth level of the first rank after awakening. Such Chan actually set a new record and rewrote history. Not only that, all the combat skills he used had reached a minor mastery level. Such a gifted individual can no longer be simply called a prodigy. He is simply an unparalleled genius. Huh, I wonder who was so sure that girl would win just now. Chu Xianings eyes were still full of shock and her voice carried a hint of teasing. This kid is more than just strong. Even if you bring out all the children carefully trained by those old monsters in Kyoto and Shanghai, they probably wouldn't be enough to defeat him. In addition, she secretly suspected that the demonic scythe in that boy's hand was very likely a companion spirit weapon. Cough, cough. I must have been blind just now. Anyway, don't try to take this kid from me or I'll fight anyone who tries. Chu Xining chuckled lightly. Then let's see if you have the ability. Unlike the two, the other three admissions representatives from the Academy of Superpowers couldn't wait to call the principal and request the highest level of admissions treatment. This is absolutely outrageous. To achieve such a feat in just 3 days is truly unprecedented and unparalleled. If they can recruit Su Chun into the school, then they will definitely win the championship in the upcoming Superpower Academy competition. Whoever gets Such Chun wins the championship. Chapter 28. The five majormies v for the final choice. On the other hand, Lu Dong Shan slumped in his seat like a lump of mud. His face as pale as paper. His eyes were filled with despair and resentment. And his mind echoed repeatedly. It's over. Everything is over. Why is Su Chun, an orphan, so powerful? This honor should have belonged to the Luo family and was rightfully theirs. But now it has been taken away by a powerless orphan. How could he accept this? His eyes were bloodshot and bloodshot with a look of madness surging in them. Those forces that had once fawned over him now avoided him like the plague. It proves the saying, "When you are strong, everyone flatters you. When you are weak, even dogs will look down on you." On the arena, Suchin walked step by step toward Lu Chingshua. He held the death scythe high above his head as if declaring death. You have lost. A bitter smile appeared on Luo Chingshuas lips. I lost. I'm sorry. In this battle, she lost completely and was utterly powerless to fight back. You shouldn't be the one saying sorry. Such Chin suddenly turned his head, his gaze fixed on Luo Dong Shan in the audience. He pulled a marriage contract from his pocket, his voice cold and forceful. Old dog of the Luo family. What do you have to say today? From beginning to end, it's always been the case that your Luo family is unworthy of my Sue family. Unworthy of me, Such Chun. 18 years ago, my parents risked their lives to save you and your husband. And instead of being grateful, you came to break off the engagement three years ago after my parents passed away. You took some insignificant resources and tried to humiliate me and even injured my second uncle. They even deliberately fabricated rumors, saying that my behavior was improper, which led to the Luo family breaking off the engagement. Today I Such Chun hereby declare the marriage contract between myself and your Luo family dissolved. I Such Chun am announcing the enulment of this engagement to your Luo family. Your Luo family is not worthy at all. As soon as he finished speaking, the red marriage contract in Su Chin's hand was torn to shreds. The pieces of paper flew through the air like snowflakes and gradually disappeared. Three years ago, not long after he transmigrated, his parents tragically died. Then the Luo family came to break off the engagement. And he still vividly remembers the blatant humiliation they inflicted. His second uncle stood up for him and confronted the Luo family, but was beaten and mocked for only being able to make a living by hunting for the rest of his life. Today, he will make Luo Dong Shan pay a 100fold price for what he did in the past. Only the victors have the right to have a voice. In an instant, all eyes in the room turned to Lu Dong Shan. Oh my god. So, the Luo family are such despicable people. I'll never buy anything from them again. They're disgusting. How shameless. They saved your whole family and you betrayed them. You might as well have saved two dogs. At least dogs wag their tails to show their gratitude. Lu Dong Shan must apologize to Such Chan. Apologize. Apologize. Apologize. The crowd was filled with righteous indignation. Lu Dong Xan's behavior was simply outrageous. The surrounding forces also expressed their stance, distancing themselves from the Luo family. So, this is the kind of person the Luo family head is. Luo family head, our two families should have no further dealings from now on. Patriarch Luo, let's terminate our business agreement as well. I don't want to cooperate with such an ungrateful person. Hearing the tidal wave of mockery around him, Lu Don Shan felt utterly powerless, as if all his energy had been drained away. Everything is over for him. He created this situation all by himself and it's too late for him to regret it. Lu Dong Shan, go up and apologize to Such Chun. At least try to salvage the last bit of dignity for your Luo family, Xiuan Shan said. Lu Dong Seans eyes were vacant like a walking corpse and he nodded woodenly. He leaped onto the arena, looking at Su Chan, who had ruined his reputation. His eyes were no longer filled with hatred, but with deep regret. None of this would have happened if I hadn't been blinded by power and money. He knelt on one knee. I'm sorry, Su Chun. It's my fault, Lu Don Shan. I've let you down. I've let your parents down. He was filled with remorse and felt he deserved to die. You are not worthy to mention my parents. You don't really know you were wrong. You just know you're finished. Suchin glared at him, his eyes filled with disgust. I am unworthy to mention brother Su. I have let him down. Luo Dong Shan clenched his fists filled with remorse. You've wronged far too many people. Such Chan turned to his second uncle and called out, "Second uncle, come here." Sutian phone watched this scene with a complicated expression and slowly walked up to Such Chan. Little Chun. Such Chin's eyes were icy. You should apologize to my second uncle. Back then, my second uncle hunted monsters with my parents, and you, Lu Donan, were among them. Now you're mocking someone who fought alongside you. It's utterly disgusting. Looking at Su Tian Foam, Lu Don Shan felt numb all over, his lips trembling. Tian Fong, I'm so sorry. After he finished speaking, he prepared to kneel down on one knee and clasp his hands in apology to Su Tian Fong, but Su Tian Fong stopped him. Su Tian Fong sighed, his eyes filled with emotion. Dong Sean, you've made so many mistakes in your life. Such Chan tried to calm his anger, then kicked him hard, sending him sprawling to the side, spitting out blood. From this day forward, the Su family and your Luo family shall have no further connection, and all ties shall be severed. After saying that, Such Chun led Su Tian Fong off the stage. In this battle, Su Chun, as a commoner, completely defeated the aristocratic families and won an unparalleled victory. Luo Dong Shan suffered a crushing defeat, losing all face, and his family faced utter darkness from then on. He deserves it. Looking at her disheveled father, Luo Chingshua felt lost and directionless. She slowly stepped forward, helped Lu Dong Shan up, and said somewhat numbly, "Let's go home." Watching all this, Wong Dongai couldn't help but sigh. He reaped what he sowed. Then he loudly announced, "Such Chan, winner. If it were any ordinary S-rank awakeners standing on the stage today instead of Such Chun, they would probably have been suppressed by the Luo family and never have a chance to rise again. But Su Chun defied fate and created a miracle through his own strength. As soon as Wong Dongai turned around to discuss the enrollment, he discovered that the representatives of the five supernaturalmies had vanished. They had all run in Su Chin's direction. It's obvious that they're vying for Su Chun, this peerless genius. A relieved smile appeared on Wong Dong Liy's face. Our number two middle school has finally produced a true dragon. In the principal's office, Su Chun and his second uncle were surrounded by representatives from the five major supernatural abilitymies. Such Chun, come to my Shanghai Superpower Academy, and I guarantee you'll get a different girl every day, and never the same one twice. Ziao Tian said with a hearty smile. Suchin looked puzzled. What kind of good thing is this? Daian Yan, do you think Su Chin would be interested in your pathetic conditions? Chu Xining sneered with disdain. That's right. Such Chun, come to my military academy. We'll provide plenty of military rations and even give you SSS level admission benefits. Upon hearing this, the principal standing nearby couldn't help but gasp. SSS level treatment is the highest level of treatment, which means that Such Chan will enjoy unparalleled resources and training. It seems that Schwaning number two high school is really going to become famous this time. Upon hearing this, Xiao Tian Yun immediately objected. I already told you not to compete with me. Didn't you understand? Such Chun, come to me. You'll get SSS level treatment and I'll personally teach you and take you as my last disciple. Suchin remained calm. What conditions can the other three representatives from the Superpower Academy offer? He understands the importance of comparing prices from different vendors. Chapter 29. the final choice, Bloodbull Demon Cave Riot. The other two representatives then added, "We are the same, receiving SSS level treatment." Judging from Su Chin's current potential, he absolutely deserves the highest SSS level treatment. Upon hearing this, Wong Dong Lai was taken aback. There were actually four SSS level treatments. This is unprecedented. Those old monsters from Kyoto or Shanghai deserve SSS level treatment. Su Chins gaze slowly shifted to the last representative, awaiting her bid. Upon seeing this, he couldn't help but be somewhat surprised. Chu Xi Ning was wearing a women's suit, which was well tailored and had smooth lines. Her skin was as white as snow, as delicate as silk, and as smooth and warm as mutton fat jade. The corners of her mouth were slightly upturned, carrying a hint of a smile, and a touch of burgundy eyeshadow at the outer corner of her eyes added a touch of charm to her originally aloof temperament. Chu Xining remained silent for a few seconds, then said, "I can give you SSS level treatment, and in addition, there are two other things you want." Upon hearing this, Su Chin's eyes lit up immediately. This offer was simply too good to pass up. I need a cultivation technique that can increase the source energy within my body, as well as a dark elemental combat skill of level five or above. I wonder if that will work. Suchin put forward his requirements for him. A technique to increase source energy is exactly what he urgently needs right now. Combat skills should naturally be as powerful as possible so that they can play a greater role in battle. Hearing Such Chin's request, Chu Jin Ning began to struggle internally. On the one hand, these demands are indeed somewhat excessive. On the other hand, she felt that Su Chun might actually have the ability to create value far exceeding these. After a fierce internal struggle, Chu Xining finally made up her mind. Okay, I promise you. However, as soon as she finished speaking, Zhaoian Yun, who was standing to the side, was filled with shock. Why would the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy offer such a high price? Chu Xining, you're a bit crazy. The demands you've agreed to are enough to recruit an S-level student with superpowers. Xiao Tian thought Chu Xining was simply insane. Even if Su Chun is very strong now, who can guarantee that he won't encounter any accidents in the future? The path of martial arts is not always smooth sailing and Shu Xiining actually placed all her bets on Suchin alone. Faced with Xiao Tians questioning, Shu Xining was actually a little flustered, but she still said, "So what?" Seeing this, Shiao Tian Yin plopped back into his chair. "Ho, I'd like to see how you explain this to the principal when you get back." Seeing this, the other representatives also sighed helplessly and then stood up one after another. Since Such Chan has decided to join the Kyoto Superpower Academy, then we will not disturb him any longer. Their faces were full of regret. Such Chan is a kid with great potential. Unfortunately, their highest level of authority is SSS level treatment. They have no control over anything beyond that except for certain conditions. Wait, Suchin suddenly shouted. Upon hearing this, everyone stopped in their tracks and turned to look at Such Chan, their faces filled with confusion. Such Chan, have you changed your mind? One of them asked curiously. Such Chin shook his head. I just hope that when you recruit Luo Ching Shiua, you won't look at her with prejudice. Her father is her father and she is herself. The two should not be confused. The one who was wrong all along was Lu Dong Shan. Luo Chingshua even gave him millions of resources and sincerely apologized. Birds of a feather flocked together. It can only be said that she was born into an unfortunate family. The four exchanged glances and nodded in unison, casting admiring looks at Su Chun. Then they turned and left, leaving Such Chun and Chu Xiin Ning standing there. Chu Xining smiled faintly. Such Chun, once you sign this application and some related agreements. You will officially become a freshman at our Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy. Upon hearing this, Such Chun took the enrollment form and the SSS level treatment contract, picked up a pen, and signed his name in a flamboyant manner. All right, teacher Chu. Such Chun handed the signed document back to Chu Xin Ning. She accepted the document with satisfaction and replied with a smile. Welcome, Such Chun. From now on, you are officially a member of our Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy. Such Chin humbly replied, "I am also very honored to join your esteemed school." However, just as Chu Xi Ning was about to say something more, her phone suddenly rang. She quickly answered the phone, her expression instantly turning serious. A riot broke out at the demon cave near Kyoto. I see. After hanging up the phone, Chu Xining said, "Su Chun, something suddenly happened at school. I have to go back and deal with it. Do you want to come to Kyoto with me? Wait a few days. I haven't made any arrangements yet." One reason was that the arrangements weren't made properly. And another was that he planned to hunt some more monsters before leaving. All right, I'll send someone to pick you up on the day of the martial arts exam in a week. As for your admission reward, I'll give it to you when you arrive at Kyoto Academy. I have urgent business to attend to now, so I'll head back first. The demon cave is in turmoil. She must return to lead people to quell the unrest. The primal force of the universe swept across the blue planet, causing plants and animals to mutate into monsters. In addition, other races came to Earth from underground space-time rifts, forming three major alien demon caves. The demon cave needs to be cleared and guarded from time to time, otherwise alien races will come out and cause damage. And near her Kyoto Ability Academy was the second largest of the three great demon caves, the Bloodbull Clan. She didn't expect that not long after the last turmoil, another turmoil would break out in the alien demon cave. Could it be that the Blood Bowl from the underground space-time rift has sent reinforcements again? Suchin was a little confused. Teacher Chu, is something the matter that's causing you such a rush? A riot has broken out in the Blood Bowl clan's demon cave. I need to go back and organize the students to suppress it." Hearing her say this, Such Chun, who knew little about the demon cave, asked curiously, "Um, could you explain to me what the demon cave is?" Chu Xining smiled and shook her head. It's a bit complicated. You can ask the principal next to you to say that I'll go back now and someone will come to pick you up with the admission notice in 7 days. After she finished speaking, she quickly turned into a shadow and left. Seeing her leave, Su Chan turned to Wong Dong Li and asked, "Principal, could you please explain this to me?" 300 years ago, the cosmic source energy descended upon Blue Star, causing monsters to mutate and humans to awaken superpowers and become superhum. Furthermore, several space-time rifts appeared beneath Blue Star, leading to the arrival of alien races from the universe, which in turn created the demon cave. However, because the underground space-time rift can only accommodate a tenth tier alien race, this is why our blue star has to be spare destruction. Suchin nodded slightly. So, that's how it is. However, he didn't care about those things. What he cared about was whether killing those alien races would yield any kill points. A system. There should be one, right? Ding. Yes. Yes. Theoretically, other races can be considered both humans and demons. Suchin was relieved. That's good. The alien races inside the demon cave are far more numerous than the monsters outside. However, at this moment, Wong Dong Lai suddenly changed the subject and said, "The underground space-time rift is constantly expanding. In less than 5 years, it will be able to accommodate alien powerhouses at the 10th level or above. At that time, Blue Star will be in grave danger, and Blue Star needs a super powerhouse." Wong Dong Lai side. If no one breaks through to the 10th level or above in the past 5 years, then his blue planet will be destroyed. Suchin clenched his fist, a sense of crisis rising within him. He estimated that he could definitely reach level 10 in 5 years. The fastest Dragon Kingdom player to reach level 10 was around 2018. If you have your own system, 5 years isn't too much to ask, right? Chapter 30. One step away from breaking through to the second tier golden bone. There will be super strong individuals. Perhaps Wong Dongai simply shook his head. Super strong individuals are incredibly rare. If they existed, they wouldn't have remained absent for 300 years. Wong Dongai patted Su Chun on the shoulder again and earnestly advised, "Kid, you'd better be careful when you get to the Kyoto Ability Academy. It's a place where geniuses gather, and none of them are easy to deal with. In a small city, you may be called a prodigy, but in a big city, you are just one of many prodigies. However, he felt that this strange kid, Su Chun, should be able to overpower all the others. I know all that. Better safe than sorry, but I do want to have a go at those prodigies. To rebuild the glory of the dark element begins with resolving the issues with other prodigies at the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy. Good lad, you've got the drive. I look forward to you achieving great things. Suchin bowed slightly. Then I'll go back and make some preparations. Goodbye, Principal Wong. Wong Dong Lai waved his hand, a hint of reluctance in his eyes. Goodbye. Watching Su Chins retreating figure, he sighed again and muttered to himself, another year of farewells. Su Chin stepped out of the principal's office, he saw Xi Yao waiting there. She put her hands on her hips, stared at Such Chun with her beautiful eyes, and had a hint of arrogance on her face. "What are you doing here?" Xi Yao raised her chin. "Can I stay here?" Okay, let's go. We can talk as we walk. The two walked downstairs side by side, their footsteps echoing in the empty corridor. Which academy of superpowers did you choose? Xiaoa broke the silence first. Kyoto, what about you? Where are you planning to go? Xiao frowned slightly. I'll go to Kyoto, too. Compared to other places, Kyoto is more reassuring because Such Chun is an acquaintance there. You think you can get accepted? The lowest level of superpower required in Kyoto is B- level. Suchin raised an eyebrow, teasing her on purpose. Xiai Yao Yao immediately became furious. Who do you think you are? I am an A-level superpowered phantom cat. Getting into the Kyoto Superpower Academy is a piece of cake. Oh dear, I almost forgot. Okay, I'll take you on a rampage when the time comes. I'd rather be the one leading you. Xia Yao Yao crossed her arms and turned her head away hottily. The two bickered and argued all the way to the school gate. Upon arriving at the school gate, they saw Luo Chingshua talking to other students from the university specializing in superpowers. The exchange ended shortly afterward. Isn't this Luo Dong Seans daughter? Why isn't she wearing glasses? Xi Yaoyas tone was full of sarcasm. Luo Ching Shua slowly raised her eyes, her gaze lingering on Su Chun for a moment before she silently walked towards him. What academy? His voice was cold and devoid of any emotion. Kyoto, Such Chin replied briefly. Hey, hey, hey. Do you think I don't exist? You stinky woman. If you don't appreciate it, then stay away from me. Xi Yao rushed to Such Chen's side, and opened her arms. She hated this kind of woman the most. She could have easily had him, but she didn't know how to cherish him. Luoqingu frowned slightly, glanced at Xiao Yao, then at Such Chun, and softly uttered two words, goodbye. After saying that, she turned and left, her back view appearing somewhat lonely. Xia Yay Yao turned to look at Such Chan, her eyes carrying a hint of threat. You're not allowed to associate with her anymore. Understand? Who do you think you are? I'm not listening. You You You have to listen to me. You're not allowed to associate with her. She Yao Yao stomped her foot, her little face turning red with anger. She hated Luo Chingua's cold and aloof demeanor the most. Her face was as cold as ice everyday, which was really annoying. Okay. Okay. I'll do as you say. He he, that's more like it. As a reward, I'll treat you to a lavish meal, and you were really cool on the stage just now. Xiai Yayao burst into laughter through her tears, grabbed Such Chin's arm, and chattered away like a cheerful little bird. After finishing his meal, Such Chun said goodbye to Xi Yao Yao, and returned home. Lying in bed, he turned on his phone, and the first thing he saw was the top news headline in Sichuan. Breaking news: The treacherous Luo family. Shocking. The Luo family has betrayed their promise and forgotten their kindness. They are now like rats crossing the street. Looking at the message above, Such Chin remained calm, his eyes showing no emotion. All of this is Lu Dong Shans own fault. He glanced at the time and then prepared to go to sleep. The biggest knot in his heart was finally untied, and he needed to get a good night's sleep to recharge. The next 7 days will be the golden period for hunting monsters. 7 days later, arts exam. Countless students arrived at the exam site early, their faces filled with tension and anticipation. Today was the day that would determine their fate. The difference in resources between a good academy for superpowers and a bad one is like night and day. Don't underestimate those little bit of resources. They can affect their entire lives. At 10:00 in the morning, Such Chun had just gotten up, stretched, yawned, and muttered, "Hey, who in their right mind would participate in a martial arts exam?" This week has exhausted him. During the day, he fought against monsters in the mountains and forests teameming with them. That evening, he dragged his tired body back to his residence to cultivate and temper his bones. However, hard work will eventually pay off. 21,400 kill points. Looking at the number of kill points displayed on the system interface, Such Chun shed tears of relief. Do you know how I've spent this week? Fortunately, today I can freely add points and improve my strength. Although he didn't add any extra points this week, his nighttime cultivation successfully raised his realm from the sixth level of the first tier to the seventh level of the first tier. And he has also completed the fourth round of bone tempering. Although the gains were not substantial, they were better than nothing system. Calculate for me how many killing points are needed to go from the seventh level of the first tier to the first level of the second tier. 800 plus 1200 plus 2,000 + 4,000. A total of 8,000 kill points are needed. The systems voice rang in Su Chen's mind. Such Chun frowned slightly, feeling a pang of heartache. Just advancing four realms required 8,000 killing points. As the game progresses, kill points become increasingly scarce. But in order to become stronger, he gritted his teeth and hardened his heart. Improve myself. With his command, Su Shan felt a powerful force surging within his body, and his cultivation level began to soar rapidly. First tier, eighth level. First rank, ninth level. First tier, 10 levels. Second tier, first level. In an instant, 8,000 kill points vanished, and Such Chin's cultivation level successfully reached the first level of the second tier. He felt the continuous power flowing through his body, and the fatigue from the constant hunting vanished completely. One click skill point allocation. So awesome. System. Give me four combat skills and max them all out first. 7,400 kill points consumed. All four combat skills have been mastered. The system notification appeared. Seeing the sudden decrease of 7,400 kill points. Such Chun was stunned. Holy crap. It actually costs 2,500 to upgrade a tier three combat skill to the great perfection. That's outrageous. It's increased exponentially. However, he also knew that the benefits he would receive were inevitable. The shadow flash, which could originally only flash a few meters, can now flash dozens of meters away, its speed so fast that it is unpredictable. The dark abyss demon pool offers more stable control and covers a larger area. The Shadowclaw's power has increased significantly. All I can say is that you reap what you sow. In the end, Such Chan looked at the remaining 5,000 kill points, hesitated for a moment, and still chose to add them to bone tempering system. How many points are needed for five rounds of bone tempering? Suchin asked. Only 500 is needed, the system replied. Suchin was taken aback, somewhat surprised. So little? Why not just go straight to the 10th level of golden bone? After all, you have to start condensing blood at the second level, which is a troublesome thing. System upgrade bone tempering directly to the 10th level. Such decisively issued the order. Host lacks kill points. Consumes 3,500 kill points. Bone tempering has reached the ninth level. As the notification tone ended, Such Chan felt his bones cracking and popping as if countless tiny hammers were striking him. Furthermore, the bones emitted a faint golden light, making them appear indestructible. Suchin clenched his fist. Now, if a car crashes into it, it's the car that's going to break. Such then asked, "How many kill points are needed for the 10th round of bone tempering?" Not much. Only 20,000 kill points are needed. Such Chun was stunned again. Good heavens. The previous nine rounds of bone tempering combined were not even one fifth as much as this 10th round. This means that the benefits of perfect bone tempering will definitely be greater than the sum of the previous nine rounds. Chapter 31. The shadow claw of the hidden pool heads to Kyoto. Suchin side softly. The evolution of the death scythe still requires 50,000 more. Truly a long and arduous journey. System. Open the panel. Name: Such Chun. Realm level, second tier, first level. Special ability, Srank, Shadow King. Bone tempering, ninth round. Clotting, not started. Companion artifact, Srank, Death Scythe. Technique, none. Combat skills, tier three, dark bat strike, mastery. Tier three, shadow flash, mastery. Tier two, shadow claw, mastery. Tier two, dark abyss, mastery. Backpack, the mysterious egg. Looking at the panel in front of him, he refused to believe that anyone in the world could reach his level in just 10 days. You should know that breaking through from the 10th level of the first tier to the first level of the second tier is a very difficult hurdle to overcome. However, at this moment, Su Chun was filled with killing intent and only wanted to go on a killing spree and unleash his power to the fullest. Ding-dong. Just then, a message notification sound suddenly rang out, breaking Su Chen's thoughts. Xiai Ya Yao, my parents invited you over for dinner, and they're inviting your second uncle, too. Such Chen, okay. Such Chan composed himself, called Su Tianfong, and then went to the city lord's mansion to say goodbye. Upon arriving at the entrance of the city lord's mansion, Su Tianfong hesitated and said, "Shiao Chan, you can go in by yourself. I won't go in." Suchin gripped Su Tianfings arm tightly. "Second uncle, what are you saying? You're my only family. Come on, let's go inside together." Such Chan pulled Su Tian Fong through the gate where they were greeted by Xiuan Shan with a big smile on his face. Little Chun, it's been a long time. I feel like your strength has increased even more. It's only improved by a tiny bit. Shiuan Shan smiled and nodded, then turned his gaze to Su Tian Fong and asked, "This must be your second uncle, right, Lord Xi?" Su Tian Fong said with a respectful bow. Based on age, you can just call me brother. No need to be so polite. Xiuan Shan said kindly, a smile always on his face. Sutian Fong was surprised. The city lord who was so high and mighty was actually so approachable and kind. He thought to himself, "It's probably because of Su Chun. I am so lucky to have such an outstanding nephew." Lord Xi, you are too kind. I will gladly accept your offer, Brother Yuan Shan. City Lord Xi smiled and nodded, saying warmly, "Brother Tian Fong, come on. Lunch is ready. Let's drink until we drop today." The two men smiled and led Su Chun to the dining area where everyone took their seats. The Xi family of three along with Su Chun and Su Tian Foam sat together in a warm and harmonious atmosphere. I presume this is your uncle-in-law. Leon spoke with a beaming smile. For a moment, everyone present was stunned and the atmosphere instantly became somewhat awkward. Ahem Yulan, don't talk nonsense. We haven't reached that stage yet. Xiuan Shan coughed lightly twice and said awkwardly. Upon hearing this, Li Yuan said somewhat awkwardly. Then this must be Su Chens uncle. Such Tianfong nodded. I am Shiaoins second uncle. He had some doubts in his mind. The Shei family couple seemed to have a special fondness for Su Chan, my own nephew. How can he be so charming? Eat some vegetables. Eat some vegetables. Leulan urged hurriedly. The group started eating together and began to enjoy their delicious lunch. Such Chan, do you know what's become of the Luo family? Xiuan Shan asked. Suchan stopped picking up food and said, "I don't know. I've been too busy lately and haven't been paying attention. These past few days, he's been hunting monsters to improve his strength, so he hasn't had any time to pay attention to the Luo family's affairs. Now, the Luo family has gotten what they deserved. They're bankrupt and heavily in debt. But I heard that Luo Chingshua did well, got into Kyoto University, and used her admission benefits to get some funds to pay off the debts. The Luo family is gone now, back to what it was a dozen years ago," Shiuan Shan said slowly, his tone tinged with emotion. Upon hearing this, Suchin secretly wondered if Lu Ching Shiwa had also come to the Kyoto Superpower Academy. Was this a coincidence or was she doing it on purpose? He frowned slightly and fell into deep thought. However, after thinking about it, he decided not to dwell on it anymore. In any case, they were even and had no connection whatsoever. Hump, that ice cold face is like a persistent ghost," Xi Yao muttered. Without a doubt, she knew in her heart that Luo Chingshua went to the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy for Su Chens sake. "All right, Yao Yao, you're not even Such Chin's girlfriend yet, and you're already interfering with everything." Shiuan Shan joked, a teasing smile on his face. Xiai Ya Yao blushed slightly at the comment, lowered her head and said shily, "I she silently lowered her head and ate, feeling a little flustered, why was she so concerned about Such Chun? What's going on here?" Seeing this, Su Tianfong thought to himself, "It seems that my Shiao Chun is quite popular with girls." With that, he could rest assured that the Sue family would not have to worry about continuing the family line. Uncle Xi, has she Yaos choice of Kyoto's supernatural ability academy been confirmed? Suchin asked. It's confirmed. She'll be admitted through early enrollment, so getting in with her A-level ability should be easy. He hesitated for a moment before saying, "Once she gets to the Kyoto Ability Academy, I'll need Shiao Chun to take good care of her. Kyoto is the most prosperous place in the entire Dragon Kingdom, comparable to Shanghai. Various forces intersect here, and there are countless experts. In addition, there are many children of old monsters. Don't worry, I've got it covered. Such Chin patted his chest. Li Yulan and Xiuan Shan exchanged a glance, secretly relieved. Liulan took out a book of dark elemental combat techniques and handed it to Such Chun, saying, "This combat technique suits you perfectly, Shiao Chan. You should take it. We can't expect Such Chun to take care of Xi Yao Yao without doing anything in return, can we?" Suchin looked closely and saw that it was a fifth tier combat skill. Netherworld shadow claw. Shadow claw in the dark pool creates a huge dark elemental pool within a certain area. If anyone is inside, a shadow claw will drag that person into the pool. Such Chin's breathing became rapid and a hint of surprise and excitement flashed in his eyes. Fifth tier dark type combat skill. Moreover, this is a combat skill with a wide area of effect. For him, such combat skills were so scarce. It was like a godsend. Such Chan accepted the combat skill. I really need this combat skill. Thank you, Uncle Xi and Aunt Xi. I like it very much. If you like it, that's good. Shiao Chan. We're all family. No need to speak like strangers. Eat your food. Liuan said with a smile, her face full of kindness. Lunch ended quickly amidst laughter and cheerful conversation. Shiao Chan, even though you are cultivating extremely fast now, you must be careful when you arrive in the capital. Xi Yuan Shan gave his instructions, a hint of concern in his eyes. I will, Suchin nodded, then looked at Xi Yao. Do you want to come with me? Xiai Yao shook her head. I want to stay home with my parents for a few more days before I go. She had never been that far from home in her life. And she felt a little scared and reluctant. After saying that, she ran back into her mother's arms and hugged Leulon tightly. No matter where you are, there's no place as warm as home. Chapter 32. Boundless spiritual source technique. Instant shadow killing formation. Okay, I'll go settle down first and I'll pick you up when you come. You're sensible. Shi Yaos eyes crinkled into a smile. Such Chan then turned his gaze to Sue Tian foam. Second uncle, if you ever need anything in the future, be sure to call me immediately. Good child, don't worry about your uncle. But if anyone bullies you over there, be sure to tell your uncle. Sutian Fong said with loving eyes. Okay, second uncle. I'll come back to see you when I have time, and I can even take you to live with me. Sutian Fong shook his head gently, a weary smile on his face. I'm getting old. I don't want to make a fuss anymore. I just want to live out the rest of my days peacefully in this city of Sichuan. Over Such Chun, he stepped forward and hugged Sutian Fong tightly. I'm leaving, uncle. Then Such Chan looked at city lord Xi and Li Yuan to say goodbye to them one by one. Then he straightened his back and turned to head to Kyoto, watching his receding figure. Shiuan Shan shook his head slightly. A hidden dragon emerging from the river system. How many kill points are needed to master a fifth tier combat skill? Requires 1500 kill points. Looking at the remaining 1,500 kill points on the system panel, Such Chin didn't hesitate. With a wave of his hand, he directly clicked to add points. A flash of light and the fifth tier combat skill, Shadowpool Claw, was successfully mastered. At this moment, Such Chun was filled with excitement and anticipation. He can't wait to try out this new combat technique. Just then, the phone rang. Suchin looked at the unfamiliar number and pressed the answer button. Hello, is this Such Chen? A clear and sweet female voice came from the other end of the phone. It's me and who are you? I was sent by my cousin to pick you up and take you to Kyoto. By the way, my cousin is Chu Xining. Upon hearing the name, Such Chan was slightly taken aback, quickly recalling the details in his mind, and it seemed that there was indeed such a thing. He had thought the other party wouldn't come, but unexpectedly, he received a phone call. Where are you now? I'm at your Twanching airport. Come on over. We'll take the next flight to Kyoto. Okay, I'll be there in a few minutes. After hanging up the phone, I immediately hailed the taxi on the roadside and headed to the airport. Upon arriving at the airport, Su Chin's eyes searched the crowd. Finally, not far away, he saw a girl with a high ponytail, fell naturally on both sides of her face like black ribbons, adding a touch of softness and gentleness to her delicate features. Her nose is small and delicate, slightly upturned, like a cute little cat, giving people a playful and lively feeling. Beneath thick eyelashes, a pair of clear, bright eyes shone like two dazzling stars sparkling with lively light. She waved her arms excitedly, her face beaming with a bright smile. Such Chin strode forward and asked uncertainly, "Who are you?" "The girl from the phone call." "Yes, you can call me Chuanu. My cousin sent me to pick you up." "I know that. Have you bought the plane tickets? I've bought it all. I can just fly directly to Kyoto later. Chu Wanu replied with a smile. Thank you, Suchin said calmly. It's okay, but once we get to Kyoto, you'll need to register at Kyoto Academy yourself because my friends and I have already made plans to team up and raid the Kyoto bloodbull demon cave. When she said this, Chu Wanus tone carried a hint of cautious inquiry. Suchin pondered for a moment. Could you take me with you? Signing up is so boring. Raiding the demon cave is much more exciting and fun. Perfect. Being with Chu Wanu will save us the trouble of figuring out how to find her. No way. My cousin told me that even though you're an S-class superpower prodigy, the demon cave is very dangerous. Chu Wanu quickly shook her head. This was personally instructed by her cousin to be treated well. If anything went wrong, she would be in big trouble. What's so dangerous about this? Don't worry. I'll just follow you and see what's going on. I promise I'll follow your orders. Suchin's anxious expression. Chu Wanu pondered for a moment. You promise? I promise? Suchin nodded vigorously. All right then, but you can'tt tell my cousin or I'm afraid she'll beat me up. Chuanu said helplessly. No, no, don't worry. Suchin quickly assured him. Chu Wanu nodded, took out a storage ring from her bosom, and handed it over. This storage ring was given to you by my cousin. As for the SSS level treatment, it will be issued after you register for school. Such Chan took the storage ring, opened it, and saw a combat technique book and a cultivation manual lying quietly inside. The combat technique is called instant shadow killing array, and it is a sixth tier combat technique. The cultivation technique is called boundless spiritual source technique. Instant shadow assassination array creates several shadows within a certain area to strangle enemies with shadow attacks. The exact number of shadows depends on proficiency level. Boundless spiritual source technique. This technique has 10 levels. It can greatly increase the storage of spiritual energy within the body. Upon reaching the second level, the spiritual energy can be transformed into a river. Upon reaching the fifth level, the river can be transformed into a lake. Upon reaching the seventh level, the spiritual energy within the body can be transformed into an ocean. Upon reaching the tenth level, the spiritual energy within the body can be inexhaustible and never- ending. Dot. Looking at the two items, Such Chin's breathing became rapid, his heart filled with shock and surprise. A sixth tier combat skill can't be acquired for less than tens of millions of blue star coins on the market. And even then, it's priceless and unavailable with countless people seeking it but unable to obtain it. Boundless spiritual source technique. It is the absolute top tier technique. Energy is the foundation of everything. Without energy, everything is just empty talk. If you add points to it and it reaches the 10th level, the source energy will be inexhaustible. How powerful would that be? System. Start learning. Successfully learning the sixth tier combat skill requires 3,000 points to begin, and the first level of the boundless spirit source technique also requires 3,000 points. Hearing the system notification, Such Chun felt a surge of fighting spirit and was full of energy. This trip to the demon cave requires at least 6,000 kill points. Such Chan, you seem quite excited. Suchin's excited expression. Chu Wanu asked curiously. Such Chin snapped out of his days. You have a good eye for people. How could he not be excited? These two things are enough to give his strength a qualitative leap. Chu Wan chuckled. You're quite funny. Let's go. It's almost time to check in and board. The two chatted and laughed as they walked side by side toward the ticket gate, preparing to embark on their journey to Kyoto. In front of a quaint and slightly dilapitated little house, Lu Dong Shan stood quietly, his eyes filled with complex emotions. After all the twists and turns, everything has come full circle. Luo Dong Xan's voice was deep and carrying the vicissitudes of time. He lived in this small house for nearly 10 years. It holds his dreams and memories. Since the Luo family grew powerful, he left this place and moved into a luxurious mansion. But he never felt that peace and contentment again. Luo Chingshua looked at the small house in front of her, and a complex emotion welled up in her heart. She looked at Lu Dong Sha, who had aged considerably in just one week, and sighed softly, "I'm leaving." The early recruitment and reporting period is about to begin, and she is about to leave this city that has caused her so much heartache. Go pursue your dreams and find the life that belongs to you. Daughter, do you blame me? Lu Don Shan turned his head slightly and asked softly, "It's not your fault, but the life I want has never been luxurious or wealthy, nor is it what you call for my own good." After saying that, she resolutely turned around and walked away into the distance without the slightest hesitation. Lu Dong Shan watched his daughter's departing figure, a bitter smile appearing on his face. In the end, he made one mistake after another, and what he gave his daughter was never what she truly wanted. He doesn't deserve to be a father, let alone a human being. Tears silently slid down his cheeks and dripped onto the ground beneath his feet. Chapter 33. Blood Bowl King's 3-month term. On the plane, outside the window, the sea of clouds surged as soft and ethereal as cotton wool. Could you tell me about the demon cave? Chu Wanu tilted her head, a sweet smile on her face. Sure, the demon cave next to our Kyoto Ability Academy is called the Bloodbull Demon Cave. It's a series of levels leading to the underground world, but nobody knows exactly how many levels it has. The first level has some first and second tier Bloodbull Warriors. We often go there to hunt them, partly to earn academic credits, and partly because the Blood Bull carcasses and blood can fetch a good price. Is that so? Has no one ever made it to the last floor? Chu Wan stuck out her tongue. No, it said there are 10 levels and the 10th level contains a space-time rift. As long as the space-time rift is broken, the Blood Bull Clan can be eliminated at its root. That's easier said than done. The Dragon Kingdom has sent out large-scale expeditions more than once. Each campaign was filled with bloodshed and carnage, but all ultimately ended in failure. Once the ninth level is conquered, the Blood Bull Clan will send out troops in a continuous, overwhelming counterattack until they drive the humans back. Now, the Dragon Kingdom has given up on counterattacking the demon cave and only seeks to keep the demon cave safe. This resulted in the demon cave becoming open and accessible to everyone. After all, the bloodbull soldiers in each level of the demon cave are different. The strong can go down to farm them while the weak can farm them up. "Thank you for your explanation," Such Shin said politely. "You're welcome." The two chatted and laughed, and after most of the day, the plane slowly landed at Kyoto airport. Stepping out of the plane, Such Chan looked at the towering skyscrapers and the powerful figures of Kyoto before him and clenched his fist slightly. The rebirth of the dark factions glory begins here. Are you really going to come with me to hunt Bloodbs? It's really dangerous. Chu Wanu blinked her big, watery eyes, trying to scare Su Chin away. Really? I can't wait. All right, then. I'll take you with me. You'll have to follow my instructions. Her cousin told her that Su Chan was at the sixth level of the first rank and she as a third level of the second rank shouldn't be too much to protect someone at the sixth level of the first rank right today. She will also act as a big sister and take good care of this little brother. I promise I'll follow your orders. It would be strange if she gave orders. What he wanted was to go on a killing spree and unleash his power to the fullest in the demon's lair. Chu Wan Ru hailed the taxi and the two headed towards the bloodbull demon cave not far from Kyoto. Outside the car window, the hustle and bustle of the city gradually faded away, replaced by the tranquility and desolation of the suburbs. The demon cave, the 10th level. In the dim light, a nauseating smell of blood permeated the air. The leader of the blood bulls, Tu Kuang, sat cross-legged on a huge stone platform. King, when will you attack humanity again? The humans have been quite rampant lately. A bloodbull general asked cautiously, his voice echoing in the empty cave. A voice replied. Tu Kuang slightly raised his head, his eyes gleaming with blood lust. When the next batch of Blood Bull warriors arrives on the main star, it will be time to attack the human race. It was filled with resentment. Why should they have to huddle in this dark underground cave? The Blood Bull race should rule this planet and make humanity tremble under their iron hooves. Really, your majesty? How much longer? It is expected to take less than three months. Three months later, this new batch of bloodbull warriors arrived at the 10th level through a space-time rift, and that was the time for their attack. At that time, all humans will be reduced to minced meat under their feet. Congratulations, your majesty. You will dominate this planet in less than 3 months. Tu Kuang merely chuckled dismissively. You're oversimplifying things. There are quite a few powerful humans on this planet. If we can just destroy Kyoto, the strongest human city, in three months, we'll have successfully completed our mission. It knew very well that it was impossible to devour everything at once. But it was still possible to inflict heavy damage on the Dragon Kingdom and let humans know the power of its Bloodbull clan. Moreover, in less than 5 years, the underground space-time rift will expand to accommodate experts of the 10th rank or above, and this planet will be within our grasp. Then, I look forward to it. My king, the general lowered his head. After the exchange ended, silence returned, broken only by the occasional low growl of the bloodb. Not far from Kyoto lies the bloodbull demon cave district. Troops are stationed here and patrol back and forth. So, the troops are stationed right here. Yes, to prevent the blood bulls from running away, the troops are stationed here just in case, Chuanu explained. Suchin looked at the patrolling army, among which there were quite a few experts at the third, fourth, and fifth ranks. In addition, many people were heading towards the crimson vortex in the middle, preparing to enter the demon cave to hunt. Please show your ID cards. It was finally Such Chun and Chuans turn to be checked. The two showed their ID cards and were then allowed to enter. Before long, the two arrived at the Crimson Vortex Gate. There were many onlookers around, some excited, some nervous, their eyes filled with curiosity and longing for the demon cave. I heard that an elite level bloodbull warrior has arrived on the first floor. He's at the second tier, level three, and there's a 5 million bounty on his head. Sigh, it's a bit difficult. The strong don't even bother with me, and I can't beat the weak. What are you afraid of? Anyone want to team up, brothers? There's an event going on right now where you get 100 points for killing one bloodbull and 888 points for killing five brothers. Let's go. For a time, many people entered the den of iniquity with great enthusiasm. Seeing this scene, Such Chan felt it looked more and more like a dungeon raid, and his blood began to boil with excitement. Wanu, why are you only arriving now? Li Chingqing walked over, her eyes filled with dissatisfaction and her tone carrying a hint of resentment. Oh dear, I'm just here to pick someone up. Chu Wanu stuck out her tongue and said somewhat embarrassedly. Lie Chingqing looked at Su Chan, her eyes lit up, and a sly smile appeared on her face. Wanu, what a handsome young man. Is he your boyfriend? Don't talk nonsense. This is a freshman from the Kyoto Supernatural Ability Academy, whom my cousin asked me to pick up. Li Ching nodded. Oh, is that so? Does that mean I have a chance? A mischievous glint flashed in her eyes as she stepped forward. Handsome boy, stick with me. I'll protect you. Suchin was taken aback. Does it include meals and accommodation? What a jerk. He even wants free room and board. Such Chun question mark. Ching stopped teasing people. Chu Wan Ru rolled her eyes at her. Li Chingqing shrugged. These freshmen are more fun. As the two were talking, three more people arrived, one of whom called out, "What's Ching doing here? Are you going down to the demon cave to grind monsters together?" Li Chingqing turned around and said, "Go down." Wanu brought a handsome young man to tease first. Among the three, Huang Lu, dressed in white, frowned slightly upon seeing Su Chun, his face showing some displeasure. Didn't we agree on five of us? How come there's another one? No, he was admitted to the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy, and then Curious Demon Cave wanted me to bring him here to see it, Chuanu hurriedly explained. So, his cultivation level is still around the fifth level of the first rank. Isn't that just a burden? Huang Lu grew increasingly angry, his eyes filled with disdain. This person is a newly awakened superpowered individual, so at most he's at level one, level five. Bringing along a burden. He wouldn't do that. Chapter 34. A beautiful woman helps a hero save her. If you think I'm a burden, I can go in and hunt alone. Suchin stepped into the vortex gate with a calm tone. I was just worried about not having a chance to act alone. Seeing Such Chin leave, Huang Le's face instantly showed disdain and anger. Stop pretending. Hang Lu, why did you say that? Chu Wanu was furious. Seeing that Chu Wanu was angry, Hanglu put on a fawning smile. Wanu, don't be angry. I'll take you to hunt a few more blood bull warriors. Wouldn't it be a burden to bring along a pretty boy? He's not a jigalo. Watch your mouth. After saying that, she walked into the vortex gate. Seeing Chu Wans reaction, Hong Lu turned his gaze to Lie Chingqing. Ching Ching, shall I take you with me? No, I'm not good enough for you. A mocking smile curled at the corner of Li Chingqings lips, her tone indifferent. She gently tossed her hair, turned, and entered the vortex gate with an elegant posture. As he watched the two of them leave, Huang Le's eyes burned with anger like flames. Damn it, two logos, and they dare to give me attitude. He had awakened a B-level superpower and his family was powerful and influential. In his eyes, these two women dared to treat him like this. They were simply ignorant of their own limitations. Brother Lu, don't be angry. Don't be angry. Seeing this, the henchmen behind him quickly stepped forward to comfort him, his face full of flattery. Huang Lu scoffed. Have you guys seen that pretty boy before? No. What Chuan remains is that they recruited new students for the Kyoto Supernatural Ability Academy. ahead of schedule. Upon hearing this, Huang Le's eyes flashed with understanding as long as they weren't from local aristocratic families in Kyoto. He didn't really care about those from other places. He had long coveted these two best friends, Chu Wanu and Li Chingqing. A pretty boy who's just realized his true potential. Dares to compete with him. That's simply overestimating themselves. Brother Lu, I have a plan. The henchmen behind him said, his eyes darting around. Tell me about it. A tier 2 level four elite bloodbull warrior has appeared on the first floor. When we lure that bloodbull warrior over, that pretty boy will definitely be scared and run away. Then we can play the hero and save the beauty. Wouldn't lie Chingqing and Chu Wanu then be yours, brother. Listening to his subordinates plan, Huang Lu smiled with satisfaction, but there was a hint of calculation in his smile. That pretty boy just awakened. He's at most at the fifth level of the first tier. He's nothing but a good for nothing who lives off women. This plan is excellent. Let's go in too. With a wave of his hand, Hong Lu sent the three of them leaping into the vortex gate. The first level of the blood bull's underground demon cave is filled with a repressive and eerie atmosphere. The sky was a strange red, dim light shining through the thick, blood red mist, casting modeled shadows. The air was filled with a pungent, bloody stench, so strong it was almost nauseating. Suchin stepped into this area and felt somewhat uncomfortable with the bloody and dangerous environment. Such Chan, I'm sorry. I didn't expect them to say that about you. When Shu Wanu came in, her face was full of apologies. It doesn't matter. There will be a time to teach them a lesson. Shuan didn't quite understand the meaning of those words. What do you mean? You'll find out soon enough, Such Chan said without offering further explanation. Originally, there was no chance to teach Hong Lu and the others a lesson. But now that Chu Wanu has come in with him, it's good that he has the opportunity to teach them a lesson. Wanu, you're not allowed to eat alone. Lie Ching also teleported in, a playful smile on her face. Oh dear, Ching Ching, you're talking nonsense again. Chu Wanu gave Li Ching a reproachful look. I'm not making this up. There's always a chance something might happen between a man and a woman alone together. Li Chingqing blinked. Ah, Chingqing, I'm going to beat you to death. While the two were arguing, Such Chun had already quietly left. Rather than listening to their quarrel, he preferred to hunt down the Bloodbull Clan. Look, your man is gone. Liing Ching looked in the direction Su Chun had left. Chu Wanu came to her senses and realized that Su Chun had already walked quite a distance. This won't do. This is someone her cousin is very protective of. If anything happens to him, she'll be in deep trouble. Besides, she was planning to act as the big sister and protect the little brother today. Such Chun, wait for me. She quickly took a step and chased after Such Chan. Seeing this, Li Chingqing simply smiled and shook her head, murmuring softly. Interesting. Before long, the two caught up with Such Chun. Um, could I go alone? I'm actually quite strong. Such Chin looked at the two of them and spoke. No. They both answered in unison. Li Ching immediately grabbed Su Chins arm and said, "You're Wan Ru's boyfriend, so as her best friend, I have to keep an eye on you." Suchin couldn't help but feel a little helpless. Is your best friend serious? Chu Wanu blushed slightly and stomped her foot. Li Chingqing. As the two were talking, a humanoid blood bull appeared in front of them. It has two blood red bull horns on its head, a tail swaying slightly behind it, and a huge ax in its hand. It is tall and strong, more than 2 m tall. Delicate skin and tender flesh. Let me have a taste. Blood Bull swung his large ax and swung it down at the crowd. Upon seeing this, Liingqing immediately went into a state of high alert. Her movements were clean and efficient, and a large hammer appeared in her hand without her noticing. She leaped high into the air, her hammer glowing with red energy, and with immense power, slammed down on the blood bowl. With a deafening roar, the blood bowl was smashed to pieces. Its massive body instantly shattered into pieces. "You dare call yourself a first tier eighth level cultivator?" Li Chingqing put away her hammer and looked at Su Chin sweetly. Did I scare you little brother? Such Chan was a little stunned by this scene. What's going on? A beautiful woman wielding a sledgehammer. The contrast is too great. However, after investigating, he found that Lie Chingqings special ability was a bit strange. Simply put, the heavier the weapon, the stronger the superpower. Lie Chingqings cultivation level is second stage, third level. She is not a student who awakened this year, but one who did so last year. I'm not scared, but I'm really strong. Let me do it. Okay. Such Chan looked at the two of them. These were living, breathing, killing spots. No, Suchin sighed. It seemed he would have to show off his skills. Then, let's continue searching for the Blood Bowl. Suchin said helplessly. Sure, you can just follow behind me and be our group's darling. Wanu is right. I'll take you flying, little brother. Liing blinked. Seeing this, Suchin thought. It's not so bad to be protected by a beautiful woman. A beautiful girl is helping you level up. Then the three of them headed toward a valley not far away. Is that elite monster now? Brother Lu, that elite monster isn't far from here. And Chu Wan Ru and the others are in that valley. We can lure it there and then play the hero to save the beauty. Huang Lu smiled with satisfaction. Good. Let's move out and lure them over. The hero saves the damsel in distress. It's a cliche, but it works wonders. As long as that pretty boy is scared out of his wits and runs away, and I then descend like a god and defeat the bloodbull, playing the hero and rescuing the damsel in distress, wouldn't Chu Wan Ru and Lee Ching be completely infatuated with me? As for that pretty boy, he could only watch from the sidelines. Chapter 35, Battle Elite Blood Bowl is here. In the valley, dark red rocks are piled up in a staggered pattern. There are 10 blood bowls there. Should we take a detour and find some other ones? A hint of worry appeared in Shu Wanus eyes as she stared intently at the group of blood bulls gathered around the campfire and spoke softly. Okay, let's go around it. Protecting the young man is the most important thing. Liing nodded slightly. In stark contrast to their caution, Su Chins eyes gleamed with excitement. His face was beaming with excitement as he shouted, "Holy crap, this one's 200. This one's 300. This one's 400." These tin blood bowls ranged in cultivation level from the lowest being the eighth level of the first rank to the highest being the second level of the second rank. In Such Chen's eyes, it was simply a sumptuous feast of killing points. As soon as he finished speaking, Such Chin activated Shadow Flash and appeared directly not far from the bloodb. Chu Wan Ru and Li Chingqings eyes widened instantly, their faces filled with shock and astonishment. Is Su Chun really trying to screw over his sister? Even if they are incredibly powerful, they couldn't possibly take on 10 blood bowls at once. Chu Wan Rus face turned deathly pale instantly. Such Chin, come back. However, her shout seemed to have no effect. Such Chin not only did not stop, but instead sped up. Chu Wanu turned to Li Chingqing. Ching, come with me to save him. Suchin has only just awakened. Even with the strength of a first tier, sixth level being and an S-level ability, he is still no match for a bunch of blood bowls. A hint of doubt and confusion flashed in Li Chingqings eyes. Could it be that I misjudged him? Isn't Suchin being too reckless? Okay, let's do it together. The two got up and rushed towards Such Sean, preparing to stage a beauty saves the hero scene. At this moment, Su Chun had already arrived in front of the bloodbull herd. The herd of blood bulls were gathered around the fire, their faces showing greedy smiles as they looked at Su Chun, who had suddenly appeared. human, do you know that we can make a fire but have no meat to roast? A blood red bull grinned, revealing sharp fangs, and said with a grotesque laugh. The Blood Bull clan doesn't often eat people. It's no big deal to eat them once or twice, especially for a delicate, pretty boy like Such Chun. Just imagining how delicious he would be after being sprinkled with cumin makes their mouths water. Suchin slightly raised his eyes. Is that so? At this moment, he had been suppressing his fighting desire all the way and finally found an opportunity to unleash it. You still dare to bark like that? Yes, human, you're still behaving well. Well give you a peaceful death. However, the next second, dark elements flowed wildly in Su Chen's eyes. Demonic pool appeared out of nowhere in the entire area. That black demonic pool was like an abyss. What? What is this? The blood bulls were immediately thrown into a panic. They tried to break free, but found that countless shadowy ghost hands emerged from the demon pool like black vines, wrapping around their bodies, pulling them hard and dragging them deeper into the demon pool. The blood bulls were swallowed up by the demonic pool before they could even utter a scream. When the black demon pool disappeared, only 10 pale white bones remained on the ground. Slay tier 2 level one bloodthirsty bull. Slaughter points plus 300. Slay a tier 2 level two bloodthirsty bull kill points plus 400. A pleasant notification sound rang in Su Chin's mind. In just this wave, Such Chin had gained 2,500 kill points. At this moment, Lie Chingqing and Chu Wan Ru, who had come to the rescue, stopped in their tracks. Their eyes widened and their faces were full of astonishment. Is that all? That's way too easy. They were originally planning to show off their skills and save the hero, but they didn't expect Su Chin to be so powerful, taking down 10 blood bowls in the blink of an eye. Wanu, you're telling me she's a freshman? Lie Chingqing came to her senses and looked at Chu Wanu with a puzzled expression, whose new student has already reached the second tier, first level realm, whose newcomer has already mastered the fifth tier combat skills. Chu Wanu scratched her head, looking completely bewildered. Could it be that she had picked up the wrong person? Didn't we agree on the first tier, sixth level? How did it suddenly become a second tier, first level cultivator? Um, hello. Are you Su Chun? Chu Wanu asked tentatively. Such Chun, genuine product, guaranteed authentic. And as I said from the beginning, I'm very strong. Chu Wanu smiled bitterly to herself. She knew Such Chun was strong, but she never expected him to be this strong. Killing these blood bulls is as easy as killing chickens. Little brother, will you protect me now? Li Chingqings tone carried a hint of cocatry. Such Chun made an okay sign. A cry came from afar. Help! Help! Hang Le's underlings scrambled towards Such Chun, their faces filled with terror. Behind them followed a bloodthirsty bull wielding a large bronze metal ax. Suchin narrowed his eyes slightly, a mocking smile playing on his lips. Hero saves the damsel in distress. "How cliche! It was obvious at a glance that this was Huang Lu and his group s conspiracy. Anyone with eyes could see what kind of scheme this was. He then examined the blood bull further. Name: Bloodbace: Bull type. Bloodline: elite. Realm level, second tier, fourth level. Note: 600 kill points will be awarded for each kill. Looking at the 600 kill points, Su Chin's eyes were filled with excitement. 600. This bloodthirsty bull must be killed. Help me. Help me. The younger brother ran up to Li Chingqing and Chuanu. The two men looked grave. An elite level bloodbull was not someone to be trifled with. There are also different levels of bloodline among the bloodb, which can be simply described as different levels of purity. This elite level bloodb is incredibly powerful. A sinister smile flashed in the henchman's eyes, but the scene of Such Chin's panic that he expected did not occur. Instead, Such Chan slowly walked towards him. Young man, you have such fair and delicate skin. Such Chin revealed a meaningful smile. Oh, before the underling could react, Such Chin suddenly exerted force with his foot, kicking him flying towards the bloodbull. Seeing the flying figure, Blood Bull swung his ax and with a crack, the henchman was instantly cleaved in two. Blood splattering everywhere. A gruesome scene. This scene left Chu Wanu, Lie Chingqing, and Hong Lu on the distant hillside completely bewildered. Wait, isn't this plot twisted? Human, don't think I'll let you go just because you helped me kill him. The bloodb pointed its ax directly at Such Sean. I couldn't be happier. Such Chan, don't go there. Its elite level bloodb is too difficult for you to deal with at the second tier, first level. Li Chingqing said seriously. Such Chan ignored them. Women would only slow down his speed in drawing his sword. Of course, black stockings for mature women and Lis and white stockings for pretty girls are not. I heard you're very strong. As Suchin walked, the death side slowly materialized in his hand. Oomph. I, a human, defeated a B-level ability user of your race at the same level. That's it. That's all. Suchin sneered and summoned the death scythe. A flicker of fear flashed in the blood bull's eyes as he looked at the death scythe that exuded a terrifying aura. It felt a sense of foroding. This person gave it an unfathomable feeling. No, we have to run. Oymph. Human, I'll spare your life this time. The blood bull shouted fiercely and turned to run away. Brother, please don't run away. Big brother, don't run away. Suchin shouted loudly, his eyes flashing with a crazed light. He first spent 2,000 kill points to successfully advance to the second level of the second tier. Then, dark elements surged wildly in his hands, and the fully developed shadow demon pool was activated. A huge black demonic pool appeared beneath the bloodbull's feet. The pool was bottomless, and the bloodbull's feet were trapped. It struggled desperately, but to no avail. 600 kill points. You're already here. Do you think you can just run away? Chapter 36. Slaying. Slaying. Slaying. The first level of the boundless spirit source technique. Humans, what do you want to do? The Blood Bull's voice was filled with fear. At this moment, it truly felt the breath of death emanating from the human before it. Even though the humans before me are of a lower level than myself. Why am I so afraid? What do you think? Are we going to spare your life and invite you for tea? He approached the bloodbull step by step, the death side in his hand gleaming with a cold light. O, since that's how it is, then I'll kill you. The bloodbull's eyes instantly turned blood red like two burning beads of blood. It gripped the bronze ax tightly with both hands. Struggling to break free from the eerie abyss beneath its feet. Boom! With a loud bang, the blood bull finally broke free from the demon pool's restraints. However, just as it broke free, Suchin appeared in front of it. side high in his hand and swung it down fiercely towards the bloodbull. Want to test your strength against me? I'm a member of the blood bull clan. Blood raised its large ax and charged towards Su Chin's death scythe. Bang! With a loud crash, the death scythe and the great axe collided. However, the next moment, the blood bull's eyes widened like copper bells, filled with disbelief. The battle axe equivalent to a human be level soldier was sliced in two the instant it came into contact with the death scythe. How? How is this possible? Looking at the battle axe broken in two in its hand, it was filled with shock. What exactly are the enemy's weapons? It was so sharp that it could cut his own battle axe to pieces so easily. There's a lot you don't know. Dark element surged wildly in Such Chin's eyes. I'll just use you to test this out. Suchin closed his eyes slightly and in an instant countless dark elements around him like black mist rapidly converged towards Such Chun enveloping him within them. Moreover, a dark shadow appeared in each of the eight directions originating from the bloodb. The eight shadows were like ghosts, each holding a shadow dagger and radiating a chilling killing intent. Kill. The eight shadows pounced towards the bloodb with several muffled thuds. Several deep wounds appeared on the bloodbull's body. Blood gushed from the wound like a spring, staining its body red. However, the eight shadows did not stop attacking. They darted around the bloodbull, their shadow daggers constantly slicing through its body. A human, I'll kill you. The bloodbull was completely enraged, and the crimson light around its body began to boil wildly. As the crimson light surged, the blood bull's strength and physique increased significantly. Its body became larger and its muscles became more muscular. It roared and charged at Such Chun, wanting to tear him to pieces. Such Chun simply chuckled. "TK! TK! It can actually resist." His voice was full of disdain. The next moment, his figure flashed as he activated Shadow Flash, instantly retreating to a distance. Then, shadow bats began to condense in Su Chen's hand. Countless shadowy bats gathered in his hand, gradually forming a huge swarm of bats. The swarm of bats, like a black cloud, pounced on the bloodb. The bloodb tried to escape, but countless shadow claws suddenly appeared under its feet, trapping it firmly. It struggled desperately, but could not break free from the shadow claws grasp. The shadowy bats attacked the bloodbull like hungry wolves. They used their sharp teeth and claws to tear at the bloodbull's body. The bloodb let out painful screams, its body covered in wounds from which blood flowed incessantly. Seeing that the time was ripe, Such Chan leaped up, raised the death scythe high in his hand, and swung it down fiercely towards the bloodbull's head with a sharp aura. With a muffled thud, the blood bull's head flew off. Its body swayed a few times before it fell heavily to the ground. "The host has slain." Having resolved all of this, Su Chun smiled with satisfaction. Li Chingqing and Chu Wanu stood there, completely bewildered. Is that all? The battle had only lasted a few minutes from start to finish. Who exactly is a freshman? You're so fierce. How are the freshman supposed to compete? Such Chan, are you sure he's a freshman? Genuine, guaranteed. Then Such Chan turned his gaze to Hong Lu and the other person hiding on the hillside. Come out. What are you hiding for? Hanglu smiled awkwardly. Oh my. Junior is really amazing. He now suspects that Chu Wanu told him the wrong thing. Can this guy even be called a freshman? Whose freshman is at level two? first level. Whose freshman has mastered so many basic combat skills, dude? If you had told me earlier that you were so capable, why would I have messed with you? Call me junior. You don't deserve it. You're the one who brought this Blood Bull elite here, aren't you? Huang Lu is most likely playing the hero to save the damsel in distress, only to see himself flee in disarray. But he is Such Chun. Junior, you can't frame me. How could I possibly do such a beastly thing? Huang L said hurriedly, his voice filled with panic. Suchin sneered. What a beast. He's done something beastly. Then he slightly raised his hand. Go talk to my shadow claws. With a slight downward movement of his hand, the fully developed shadow claw, like a giant black demonic claw, slammed directly towards Huang Lu. Seeing Su Chins actions, Huanglu was about to dodge when he discovered that his feet had sunk into the shadow demon pool. Oh. With a scream, Huang Lu was covered in blood. His body was convulsing on the ground, his face filled with pain. Such Chin, what do you want to do? What do I want to do? You've already attracted the blood bowl. What do you think I want to do? Such Chin's eyes were full of killing intent. The easiest way to deal with this kind of person is to kill them. Why keep them around for the new year? Seeing that Su Chan wanted to kill him, Hong Lu panicked. You can't kill me. I'm a son of the Hong family. You'll regret it if you kill me. Suchin picked at his ear. I hate it when people threaten me. sighthe in his hand. Hang Le's head flew off with a whoosh. Such Chan then looked at the other person. You won't tell anyone, will you? I won't. I promise I won't. However, the next second, another puffed sound rang out. Won't go back and sell yourself. Dead people can't speak. Such Chun, why did you kill them? Chu Wan Ru and Liqing walked over, their faces full of confusion. He wanted to frame us, so he killed us, Such Chin said calmly, his voice filled with indifference. But he is the son of the Huang family. And the Hong family is quite powerful. Chu Wanu said with some concern, her voice filled with worry. If you don't tell, no one will know. I don't think you'll tell, will you? Chu Wanu swallowed hard as she watched Su Chin say this. He definitely won't say anything. He deserved it. Don't scare Wanu. Such Chun, look at you. Li Chingqing rolled her eyes at Such Chan, her voice carrying a hint of reproach. Suchin shrugged. All right, I won't scare you anymore. By the way, don't follow me from now on. I'm going to act on my own. After saying that, Such Chin prepared to run away in a flash. These two are quite strong, so they shouldn't have any problem staying on the first floor. Seeing Su Chan running further and further away, Chu Wanu became a little anxious. Ching Ching, shall we chase after him? Lie Chingqings expression was somewhat complicated. No need. As she watched Suchin leave, she thought to herself, perhaps you can help me get rid of. Then she looked at Chu Wan Ru. Come on, Ruru. Let's go have some fun. Chu Wanu responded and the two left. Host kill. Host kill. An hour later, the kill points finally reached 3,000. System, give me some points to the boundless spirit source technique, Such Chun said excitedly, his voice full of anticipation. Received, the boundless spiritual source technique has reached the first level. As the system notification sound faded, Such Chan felt as if the small pool of source energy within his body had been infused with endless power. Instantly transforming into a small lake. That source energy is most likely 10 times that of the previous spiritual source. Suchin clenched his fist. Awesome. Now I don't have to worry about running out of spiritual energy for my combat techniques. He looked again at the deep red vortex gate ahead. We can go and try it. Chapter 37. In the battle for departmental resources, the strange Lee Chingqing. Such Chun leaped into the second level of the bloodbull demon cave. The moment you step inside, a sense of oppression hits you. The sky here was even more gloomy than on the first floor, and the stench of blood in the air was even more pungent. Not far away, the sounds of fighting rose and fell. Suchin carefully observed his surroundings and moved forward slowly and cautiously. The second level of this demonic cave is inhabited by third tier blood bulls. A single misstep could lead to utter destruction. "Hey, are you here to hunt blood bulls, too?" A clear voice called out from not far away. Suchin looked in the direction of the sound and saw a student wearing the Kyoto Academyy's superpowered school uniform walking towards him. "I am. Oh, great. Let's team up. That way, we can look out for each other. In this dangerous den of demons, every extra person means extra strength." The boy smiled happily and made the suggestion enthusiastically. Okay, I'll agree to this team assignment first, and if things go wrong later, I'll find a chance to get away. The young man strode forward with a friendly smile and introduced himself. Brother, my name is Lewan. Which college are you from? Kyoto Ability Academy. What? You're also from the Kyoto Ability Academy, but I've never seen you before. I am a freshman who just enrolled this year. What? You a freshman actually dared to come to the second level of this demonic cave? No. No. I have to take you back right away. This place is too dangerous. A freshman like you can't handle it. Upon hearing that Such Chun was a freshman, Leewin immediately became anxious and reached out to pull Suchin back. Suchin gently pulled away from Leewin's hand. No, we're already here. Let's take a look first. Leewin hesitated for a moment, then finally nodded and said, "All right, but you'd better be careful. By the way, what kind of superpower did you awaken? Dark type superpowers. Hearing Su Chen's answer, Lewin couldn't help but sigh. A look of sympathy on his face. Then you're in for a tough time when school starts. Why do you say that? Kyoto Ability Academy has a tradition that freshmen from different departments compete for resources from each other. Simply put, the weaponry department will seize the resources of the fire department. And the reason I say you're in a bad situation is because the dark department has always been the one being robbed by other departments in this resource war. Dark type abilities aren't particularly outstanding to begin with. Lightning and fire types are strong. Ice types are also very powerful, and with other departments like sword and spear type departments, everyone will want a piece of the pie, Leewin patiently explained. Upon hearing Leewen's words, Such Chin eyes showed no fear whatsoever. Instead, they gleaned with excitement. You mean different departments can compete for resources with each other? Yeah. What are you so excited about? Do you have a paranoia about being robbed? Looking at Su Chin's excited expression, Leewin couldn't help but feel a little amused and exasperated. Su Chin's lips curled up slightly. Naturally, I'll go and snatch resources from other departments. Lewin couldn't help but chuckle. Don't be silly, Junior. Since the Kyoto Ability Academy was founded in the competition for resources among firstear departments, the dark element has always been the one being robbed. On one hand, there are very few people who have awakened dark element abilities. On the other hand, there aren't many outstanding dark element experts. You can just consider yourself unlucky. Then this year, we should completely change the power dynamics between the departments. Such Chin's eyes revealed a resolute determination. So, what if the dark arts department is weaker overall? What does this have to do with Such Chan? When the time comes, he will take back all the resources that rightfully belong to the dark faction robbery. Looking at Su Chin's confident demeanor, Leewin smiled and shook his head. All right, kid. I'm a sophomore in the gun department. I'll have to go and see for myself. It is certainly a good thing that freshmen are motivated, but the gap between departments can't be bridged overnight. Afterward, the two abandoned their relaxed demeanor and headed deeper into the demon cave, preparing to hunt the bloodbly fell. "Junior, damn it. Next time I improve my cultivation, I'll definitely take you to slaughter that bloodb his face full of anger," said through gritted teeth. Such Chan touched his nose somewhat awkwardly. "Okay, but it's getting late. Let's head back first." Recalling his experience after meeting Lee Wan that afternoon, Su Chen felt a surge of emotions. At that time, the two were preparing to kill the bloodb. But unexpectedly, they were targeted by a blood bull at the fifth level of the third tier. At the critical moment, Leewin let Such Chun escape alone while he himself went to lure away the bloodb. After that, Su Chun returned to the first level of the demon cave to hunt down the relatively weaker blood bulls. Just now, he ran into Leewan again. Next time I'll take you on a proper hunt and show you how powerful I am. Leewin patted Su Shan on the shoulder, his tone carrying a hint of pride. The two walked toward the crimson vortex, talking and laughing as they went. After stepping into the vortex, they experienced a moment of dizziness before returning to land. Such Chun, are you all right? Suchin looked up and saw Chu Wanu looking at him anxiously. Oh, you finally decided to come out. Li Ching said softly. Damn it. What are you doing? There are actually two gorgeous women waiting for you. Seeing this, Leewin couldn't help but curse inwardly, his heart filled with envy, jealousy, and hatred. He was being chased relentlessly by the blood bull in the demon cave. As soon as I came out, I saw my junior being treated with great care by a beautiful girl. The difference in treatment was just too big. Suchin shrugged helplessly. Would you believe me if I said I didn't tell them to wait for me? You little brat. You think they were throwing themselves at you and waiting for you? You deserve to die. Suchin was speechless. Why was the more he explained the more confusing it became? He said helplessly. Interpret it however you want. Lewan wasn't really angry. Instead, he put his arm around Su Chin's shoulder and whispered. Asked them if they have any close female friends or anything and introduce them to me. Let me have a chance to such nodded then asked directly. Do you guys have any best friends? This senior is looking for a girlfriend. Lewan question mark. Dude, how could you ask such a question? That's way too direct. No. Chu Wan Ru and Lee Chingqing answered almost in unison. Seeing this, Leewin's face showed disappointment, and he walked away muttering curses. It's infuriating to compare yourself to others. He worked hard hunting all day. But when he got home at night, all he could do was stare at the screen to pass the time. But this junior student was able to have two beautiful women on his left and right, surrounded by them. Such Chan, who is he? Chu Wan Ru blinked curiously. A kind senior I met on the second level of the demon cave. He was a nice guy. Oh, are you all right? No. What? If I get hurt, will your sister beat you to death? Such Chun teased with a smile. Chu Wandra nodded, a hint of grievance in her eyes, and said, "Yes, it's good that you're all right. Also, please don't tell my sister that I brought you to the Blood Bull Demon Cave, or I'll be in big trouble." Such Chan gave an okay sign. Don't worry, I won't tell. It's getting late. Shall we go back? The two nodded, then got into the car with Such Chun, preparing to return to Kyoto. The atmosphere inside the car was somewhat quiet. Suchin looked at the 10,000 kill points displayed on his system interface and couldn't help but feel troubled. To advance his cultivation level, he needs 3,000 kill points, which isn't too expensive, but he's still hesitant about how to do it. Just then, Li Ching suddenly held out her phone and said in a sweet voice, "Hey, handsome, can I get your contact information?" As she spoke, she even gave Su Chin a flirtatious wink. Looking at Li Chingqing, Such Chun felt that there was a mysterious aura about her. On the surface, they appear frivolous and carefree, but deep within their eyes lie many untold thoughts. Can Such Chun did not refuse, took out his phone, and scan Li Chingqings QR code. With a ding, the two successfully added each other's contact information. Seeing that her goal had been achieved, Li Chingqings lips curled up slightly. You're such a nice guy. If I ever need your help in the future, could you please help me? Although her words carried a teasing tone, they were mostly serious. Chapter 38. The changes in the perfected true meaning of Shadowclaw. I'll do my best. Suchin tone was somewhat prefuncter. Lie Chingqing nodded slightly. A strange light flickering in her eyes. That young man is such a good person. A faint smile appeared on Su Chins lips. He didn't say a word, but inwardly he thought. This Li Chingqing is a bit strange. As the car slowly entered Kyoto, the bustling city atmosphere immediately enveloped us. As soon as the car came to a stop, Li Chingqing couldn't wait to get out and hurried off. Such Chan turned his head slightly and looked at Chu Wanu. Do you know anything about Li Chingqing? Chu Wanu gently shook her head. I know her and I don't really know her. Anyway, she's very mysterious. What? You've taken a liking to her? No, I was just curious. Oh, don't go after her. I remember she's already engaged. already engaged. What's going on? She has quite a powerful backer. It's the Leaf family of Kyoto, which is considered quite prestigious. And it seems that her marriage was arranged by the Leaf family to help them climb even higher. Chu Wan Ru recounted her story in detail. And at this point, a hint of pity flashed in her eyes. What's the point if you can't be with the person you like? I see. Suchin pondered to himself. Could it be that Li Chings intention just now was to make him steal the bride? Or perhaps he's using himself as a shield again. You haven't actually fallen for her, have you? Shuanu asked, her face full of gossip. No way. I'm a go with the flow kind of person when it comes to love, and love at first sight is impossible for me. Tsk tsk tsk. But she's a really nice person. If you like her, I'll help you pursue her. Chu Wanu winked playfully. No need. Thank you. After chatting with her for a few more minutes, Su Chin opened the system panel to prepare to allocate skill points. System raise my cultivation level to the fourth level of the second tier. Ding. Consumed 3,000 plus 5,000 kill points. Realm advanced to tier 2, level four. In an instant, a powerful aura erupted from Such Chun and his entire body was invigorated. Such Chan let out a long sigh of relief. Few second tier, fourth level. You should know that a normal second-year college students cultivation level is only around the third level of the third rank, while a slightly gifted student might be at the fifth level of the third rank. Such Chun, however, had already reached the fourth level of the second tier before even registering for his freshman year. I'll be catching up to my second year of university in no time. Now, in the freshman resource challenge, he's going to challenge all the other departments. What's the strongest element? Lightning, fire, or ice? I'll blast them all away. Looking at the remaining 2,000 kill points, a decisive glint flashed in Such Chin's eyes, and he immediately added the points to Shadowclaw. In an instant, the mastery of Shadow Claw reached perfection. The feeling was as if he had practiced and used it tens of thousands of times, and a surge of confidence welled up in Such Chen's heart. System: How much power is needed to upgrade Shadowclaw to true intent? 5,000 kill points. Suchin gasped. Hiss, it's doubled. Even if you upgrade it to perfection, it only costs 2,000. However, this is also reasonable as there is a huge gap between the true meaning and the perfect combat technique. The true intent will change your combat skills. For example, if you could only release one shadow claw originally, you can release many shadow claws at once after your combat skill proficiency reaches the true intent level, provided that you have enough internal energy. The difference between true meaning and perfection is enormous. Reaching perfection and cultivation only requires time. But reaching the true meaning requires more than just time. It also requires comprehension. Thinking of this, Suchin smiled calmly. How about trying out oneclick stat allocation? Such Chen, what are you so excited about? Chu Wanu scratched her head. Nothing. Oh, where will you be staying later? The registration period for Kyoto Academy has already passed, so you'll have to wait until tomorrow. I'll just find somewhere to spend the night. Suchin shrugged indifferently. The two exchanged a few more words and then got off the car. Suchin looked at the sky over Kyoto, took a deep breath, and felt the city's bustling atmosphere filling the air. They then found a hotel to stay in. Early the next morning, Such Chun, full of energy, headed to the Kyoto Superpower Academy to register. Upon arriving at the registration area, I found a long queue and a bustling atmosphere clearly filled with students who had been admitted early. Hey, is anyone with worse A-level treatment than me? You're really weak. My A-level ability comes with S-level treatment. 666. I'm so envious. Do you guys think anyone got SSS level treatment this year? Probably not, right? Even S-level abilities don't get SSS level treatment unless you're an absolute genius. Many people in line chatted and registered at the same time, creating a lively yet tense atmosphere. Soon, it was Su Chen's turn. He stepped forward, his expression calm, and said, "Hello, I'm here to report for duty." Suchin took out the admission notice and handed it over. The staff member took the admission notice and checked the admission benefits corresponding to Su Chun s student number. She was shocked to see what she was looking at it. SSS level treatment. She looked at the person in front of her with a puzzled expression. She had never seen him before. SSS level treatment. Even the S-level superpowers in Kyoto don't get this treatment. Is there a problem? Suchin asked curiously, a hint of doubt flashing in his eyes. No, let me check with my superiors. She quickly picked up the phone and nervously called the admissions office. What? This kid is getting SSS level treatment. A gasp from someone behind them instantly drew everyone's attention, causing a stir among the crowd as everyone turned to look at them with curiosity. SSS level treatment, that's the highest level of treatment. Even some S-level superpowers don't deserve it. Suchin glanced back, a hint of disdain flashing in his eyes, but said nothing. This kid doesn't look like he's from Kyoto. Is he here to scam resources? That's unlikely, isn't it? That's SSS level treatment. And besides, the staff won't do any further checks. Who said he came here to scam resources? A clear, cold female voice rang out. Then, Chu Xi Ning walked gracefully over from behind the group. She had a beautiful figure, an elegant demeanor, and a hint of majesty in her eyes. She looked at the staff and said, "Don't bother checking. I hired Su Chun." Upon hearing this, many people gasped. And a murmur arose from the crowd. Chu Xining, she's a celebrity at the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy. He is also the youngest expert in the entire Dragon Kingdom to reach the seventh level. Chu Xining actually recruited Suchin herself. Comparing yourself to others will only make you miserable. So, it was Director Chu who recruited him. I'll grant Such Chun SSS level treatment right now. The staff member quickly replied, his face full of respect. She took out a golden dragon card and handed it over. Suchin took it and was then led away by Chu Xining. Is this all the treatment SSS Level receives? Suchin asked in confusion. Chu Xeening shook her head gently, a mysterious smile in her eyes. There are 8,000 credits here and one credit is 10,000 blue star coins. Such Chin's breath hitched. Holy crap. How many? 8,000 W. How about that? Shocked, aren't you? Indeed, I've never seen so much money in my entire life. I've never seen one before, not even in my past life. Moreover, credit points are much more valuable than blue star coins, and items redeemed with credit points are cheaper than items purchased with blue star coins. In addition, you can also redeem items that cannot be redeemed elsewhere. Chapter 39, the nine netherworld slashes of the hundred schools heavenly ladder. Not only that, you will also receive 5,000 credits every year for the next 3 years. In addition, you will have S-level privileges to purchase high-end items from the school and the right to freely enter the school's secret realm once a year. Purchasing items is subject to permissions ranging from SSS to D levels. The higher the permission level, the more school goods you can purchase. For example, with D-LE access, you can only purchase combat skills below tier three, but with S-le access, you can purchase combat skills below tier six. Chu Yining explained in detail. Suchin nodded slightly. Then how do I upgrade my access level? You can complete some tasks assigned by the school to upgrade your access level, which will also help increase students enthusiasm. Is that so? Then this SSS level treatment is really appealing. Of course, this year at the Kyoto Ability Academy, only you and another child of the old Kyoto monster have received SSS level treatment. Chu Xining looked up at Such Chan, her eyes carrying a meaningful look. Such Chan was also unprecedented. He was not a new superhum from Kyoto or Shanghai, yet he was able to obtain SSS level access to the school. Who is the other one? Can I try? Such Chun leaned forward slightly. Chu Xini Ning rolled her eyes at him. You'll run into them in the next few days. In Such Chens eyes, "All right, I'll look forward to it then." "Hey kid, don't be so cocky. You may be running fast at the beginning, but who knows what the future holds." Chu Xining sighed softly. She was taking a gamble this time, hoping that Su Chun could maintain his lead. "No, I'll keep running fast. Someone has a higher level of cultivation than others their age, they might as well not live. Okay, I've told you everything I need to. Come find me in three days when school officially starts. Chu Xining patted Sud Shun on the shoulder and turned to leave. The martial arts exam ended yesterday. At this Kyoto Ability Academy, there is no such thing as a summer vacation. They all directly enrolled and registered and then classes started immediately. Time is money. Thank you very much, teacher Chu. She shook her head. No need to be polite. By the way, your dormatory is villa number one. Get ready. After saying that, she left mysteriously. Such Chin scratched his head, a look of confusion on his face. Get ready. What preparations? Unable to figure it out, Suchin simply stopped thinking about it and turned to walk towards the villa area. At this moment, sunlight streamed across the wide roads of the campus, and the flowers, trees, and shrubs on both sides swayed gently in the breeze. The cheerful laughter of students could be heard from afar, filling the entire campus with youthful energy. Half an hour later, Suchin finally found his dormatory. Damn, this academy is huge. Standing at the edge of a lush forest, Such Chun looked at the villa area scattered in front of him and couldn't help but complain. According to his understanding, the Kyoto Supernatural Ability Academy covers an area of 70,000 mu, approximately 46 km alone for grades plus teachers and students, totaling over 100,000 people. It's similar to a small city. He searched for a long time before finally finding the dormatory area. This so-called dormatory area is not the kind of dormatory you'd normally imagine. It's a villa area. Looking at the luxurious and imposing villa number one in front of him, which covered an area of 500 m with an exquisite carved gate and surrounded by neatly trimmed green plants. Suchin silently gave a thumbs up. He exclaimed sincerely, "Awesome." The entrance also requires facial recognition for entry. Suchin stepped forward, scanned his face, and the door slowly opened. A sweet voice greeted him. Welcome home, Master Such Chun. Such Chan was slightly taken aback. Upon entering the villa, a sense of luxury and opulence immediately envelopes you. Hello, Master Such Chun. I am your AI butler, Shiaua. At that moment, an AI robot dressed as a maid walked over with light steps. Her face is lifelike as a real person. Looking at the lielike robot in front of him, Su Chin couldn't help but sigh. It can only be said that technology changes lives. Upon arriving at the villa, Such Chan instructed, "Help me look up any dark elemental combat techniques of rank four or higher." "Yes, master. We are searching for you." Shia Hua bowed slightly, a spark of intelligence gleaming in her eyes. "Hey, people from villa number one, get out here." Suddenly, a shout came from outside. Hearing the shout, Such Chin frowned. a feeling of displeasure rising in his heart. Who is it? He walked out somewhat impatiently. Outside the villa, the man was furious. He had just noticed that it wasn't young master Jang who had entered villa number one. Is there anyone more deserving of living in villa number one than young master Jang? The number of the villa you live in is also a symbol of your status and wealth. Number one means the strongest. He refused to believe it and came anyway. Besides, he had never seen that person in Kyoto before, so he must be from some dubious school in some other place. Suchin stepped out of the villa and looked at the man outside the gate. A hint of impatience appeared on his face as he coldly asked, "Who are you? O, get out here. This villa isn't for you. I challenge you." The man stood with his hands on his hips. A hint of provocation in his eyes. Suchin yawned and casually said, "Oh." He slightly raised his hand, then turned around with a loud bang. A powerful energy wave erupted, and the man was instantly knocked to the ground by the shadow claw. Such Chan snorted coldly, closed the door, and said disdainfully, "Where did these flies come from?" Xiaawa had already finished her calculations and walked over, a blue light screen appearing in front of her, "Master, we have found a total of 126 dark combat skills of the fourth rank or above. Among them, 81 dark combat skills of the sixth rank or below can be purchased with your S-rank privileges. Such Chin's eyes lit up and he couldn't help but exclaim, "Holy crap, more than 80 books." He stepped forward and slid his finger across the blue light screen and instantly dark combat techniques and their descriptions appeared clearly before his eyes. Ultimately, he chose a fifth tier combat skill and a fourth tier combat skill. Help me purchase the fifth tier combat skill, netherworld nine slashes and the shadow shield. Received 4,000 credit points have been consumed. You have 4,000 credit points remaining. It is expected to arrive at noon. Such Chan felt a pang of heartache and shook his head helplessly. There was nothing he could do. Dark elemental techniques were scarce and so were demonic scythe combat skills which were more expensive than regular lightning and fire combat skills. We absolutely cannot skimp on these flowers. How can we manage without combat skills related to the demon scythe? Moreover, shadow shield is also a good way to protect yourself. How can I quickly earn credits? Suchin asked. Master can obtain it through some tasks and can also climb the 100 schools ladder ranking. Top 100 schools ranking. What's that? Can you explain it to me? The 100 schools ladder ranking is a ladder that the top 100 superpowermies in the Dragon Kingdom can climb together. Here you will compete with students of the same grade from your own academy or from the other 100mmies. The winner will receive points. The higher the ranking, the more credits you will receive. Points are settled and collected every Monday. Upon hearing this, Such Chin's eyes filled with excitement. Wasn't this prepared especially for him? Please help me check my current ranking as a freshman at one of the top 100 universities. Given that the owner did not participate in the competition, the current ranking is 1,48,96. Such Chun was stunned for 2 seconds. No, 1 million people. Thinking about it, it makes sense. It's a university with hundreds of campuses, so it's normal to have 1 million freshmen. Suchin got up. It was time to climb the rankings. Chapter 40. Climbing the rankings and being called a fish scraping dog. Suchin thought to himself that once he returned from climbing the rankings, the netherworld nine slashes and the shadow shield would have arrived. He would then learn them and go to the demon cave or the perilous wilderness outside the city for some trials. Thinking of this, Suchin moved and walked out of the villa. The arrogant man who had been shouting earlier was now struggling to get up from the ground. The man looked up at Su Chan with a panicked expression. What? What are you going to do? Just now, before he could see anything clearly, he was blasted to the ground by a powerful force. It must have been done by the person in front of you. However, looking at the handsome young man in front of him, he was filled with doubt. He had never seen this person before in Kyoto. Suchin raised an eyebrow slightly. Nothing. I'm just curious why you're shouting like that in front of my villa. The man swallowed hard, then stammered. I Because I saw that the owner of villa number one wasn't young master Jang. I thought I'd give it a try. After all, this villa is open to challenges. Upon hearing this, Su Chin nodded slightly, thinking to himself, "So that's how it is. No wonder Chu Xining was so mysterious about arranging her to stay in villa number one. It turns out there was a reason for it." Thinking of this, he couldn't help but frown slightly. a sense of annoyance rising in his heart. Do you know who owns villain number two? If I defeat him, will no one else dare to challenge me in the future. Suchin looked directly at the other person and asked. He didn't want to be bothered by these trivial matters all day long. It would be best if he could solve the problem once and for all. The owner of villa number two is young master Jang, whose name is Jang Shir. Okay, please pass on a message for me. Challenge him to a fight. Thanks. After saying that, Such Chen turned and left. The man stared at Su Chin's departing figure, his face full of confusion. Who is this guy? He doesn't even know Jang Shir's name. Although this guy doesn't seem weak, he can't possibly be stronger than Jang Shir, right? Jang Shir has an S-class ability, purple lightning fury. Unable to figure it out, he simply stopped thinking about it. All he needed to do was convey the message of the challenge. When the time comes, I'll definitely let young master Jang teach this arrogant brattle lesson. Inside the virtual simulation hall, the lights flashed, creating a strong sense of technology. The vast venue, nearly the size of two football fields, features neatly arranged futuristic looking virtual combat pods at intervals. The surface of the cabin gleams with a metallic sheen, and its streamlined design exudes a futuristic feel. Brothers, I just climbed to 800,000th place. Isn't that amazing? Your brother Cohen is pretty awesome. That's all. I just got three wins in a row and I've already climbed to rank 500,000. You're still a long way off. A bunch of trash. You're a disgrace to Kyoto Superpower Academy. I'm already ranked 90,000th. As soon as everyone stepped out of the virtual combat pod, they excitedly shared their battle achievements. Even though it was only the beginning of the school year, the virtual simulation hall was already packed with people. After all, virtual battles are an excellent opportunity to hone one's skills, allowing one to climb the leaderboard, and fight against different opponents, accumulating practical experience. That's why this virtual simulation center is always bustling with activity. Suchin weaved through the crowd, found an empty virtual combat simulation pod, and went inside. The hatch slowly closed, and in an instant, the lights inside the cabin dimmed. Immediately afterwards, a blue light screen appeared in front of Such Chun with the data clearly visible on it. Name: Su Chun, year of university, freshman. Realm level, second tier, fourth level. Special ability, Srank, Shadow King. Freshman ranking 104 8906. 20 freshman opportunities remaining today. Sophomore ranking, none. Such Chen stared at the panel in front of him, frowning slightly. Is it only 20 challenges per day? A cold mechanical voice echoed in the cabin. Yes, the daily limit of 20 challenges is to prevent students from becoming overly addicted to virtual battles and neglecting realworld combat experience. Suchin nodded silently. It was one thing for games to have anti-addiction mechanisms, but he didn't expect that virtual battles would have similar restrictions. Then what's the deal with this sophomore ranking? Suchin continued to ask, "These are the rules of the 100 schools ranking, which includes a rule that allows students to challenge those in higher classes. Simply put, firstear students can challenge second dash, third dash, and fourth year students on the 100 schools ranking. If they succeed, they can take their spot and gain points. However, upper classmen cannot challenge lowerassmen. The reason for setting up the top 100 schools ranking is to provide more opportunities for exceptionally talented students to showcase themselves. For example, if a freshman is exceptionally talented and ranks among the top in their grade, they can naturally challenge themselves in their sophomore year or even higher, seeking greater breakthroughs. Suchin nodded slightly. Then he asked, "So, how many credits do the different rankings correspond to each week?" The mechanical voice answered methodically. Rankings 100,000 to 50,000 earn 30 credits per week. 50,000 to 10,000 earn 50 credits per week. 10,000 to 1,000 earn 100 credits per week. 1,000 to 100 earn 200 credits per week. 100 to 10 earn 400 credits per week. 10 to four earn 500 credits per week. The third ranked student earns 600 credits per week. The second ranked student earns 800 credits per week. and the first ranked student earns 1,000 credits per week. The rules are the same for each grade and one person can occupy multiple rankings simultaneously. Listening to the detailed explanation from the mechanical voice, the reward is indeed generous. That's true. Only by giving more resources to those who are powerful can they play a greater role. In this cruel world, the weak struggle to obtain resources while the strong can easily possess everything. That's how cruel it is. Such Chun stared at the list in front of him and made up his mind. He would try to be number one on both the freshman and sophomore lists within a month so that he could earn an extra 2,000 credits every week. Not only that, but they also want to get their names on the top spot on all four lists within a year. In addition, Suchin also noticed other information such as the winning streak leaderboard on the blue light screen in front of him. Among freshman is 39 consecutive wins. This record was set by a female student from the previous year's freshman at Kyoto University named Mushwear. On the sophomore list, she currently holds the number one position, a 39game winning streak. Then I'll break that record. A sharp glint flashed in Such Chen's eyes as he said in a low voice, "Start matching opponents." As Such Chan gave the order, the space inside the cabin instantly distorted. After a dizzying spin, Such Chan felt a darkness before his eyes. When he opened his eyes again, he was already on the virtual simulation arena. At the same time, another player appeared on the opposite side. "Hey, young man, where are you from?" the player opposite asked with a smile. Suchin merely raised his eyes slightly, his gaze indifferent, and waved his hand lightly. "Sorry, I'm in a hurry." Before he could finish speaking, a black shadow claw smashed the opponent into a pool of bloody pulp. Suchun had just checked the other party's information. This person came from the people's superpower university and his cultivation level was only at the third level of the first rank. For Su Chun, such an opponent was no match for him. He could simply kill him instantly. Next, matching you a suitable opponent. The system notification sounded. Such Chin starting points were originally 1,000, but with this victory, his points instantly rose to 1020, and his ranking also jumped by tens of thousands of places. Inside the People's Superpower University, a male student emerged from a virtual combat pod. His face contorted with rage, cursing, "Damn it, that fish dog. It killed me in one hit. You son of a  Don't let me run into you or I'll beat you to death." He was dissatisfied and tried to match again. A second later, he reappeared on the ring. He froze when he saw Su Chun on the other side. "No way. You're kidding me. I actually ran into this. Damn it. It's you again, you fish frying dog." He cursed angrily and then tried to check Su Chen's information. However, when he saw the realm displayed at the top of the document, he was completely stunned. Second tier, second tier, fourth level. He rubbed his eyes, wanting to confirm. Before he could even react, he was eliminated by Su Chin Shadowclaw. Chapter 41. Simple 20ame winning streak, nine wins, and first place on four leaderboards. Jeang Xiaoan, who was eliminated, stood blankly beside the virtual combat pod, the number echoing in his mind, second tier 4. But how is that possible? It's only been a short time since the start of the semester. How could anyone have reached this level? He simply couldn't believe that someone could possess such terrifying strength at this early stage of entering the academy. If this were true, I'd do a handstand and flaunt my dong. He gritted his teeth and said bitterly. After hesitating for a moment, Jeang Xiaoan decided to try matching again. Meanwhile, Su Chin sat in the virtual combat pod, his brows furrowed slightly, looking puzzled. "How come I keep getting matched with the same person?" He muttered to himself, glancing casually at the rankings, and discovered that he had climbed to over 800,000th place. "Next matching." Just 2 seconds later, Jeang Xiaoan reappeared opposite Such Chun. Upon seeing Such Chan, Jeang Xiao Hyians expression changed drastically and he hurriedly shouted, "Wait a minute, hold on a second." Su Chun stopped preparing to attack and looked at him with a puzzled expression. "It's that kid again. What's he doing here?" Jeang Xiaoan hurriedly looked down to check his opponent's information. "Such Chun H never heard of him. Second tier, fourth level. When he saw the realm section, his voice stopped abruptly and his eyes widened like copper bells. What? It really is tier 2, level four. He couldn't believe his eyes. He rubbed them repeatedly and checked them carefully several times before finally having to accept the cruel reality. The Such Chin before him was truly at the fourth level of the second tier. "Dude, where did you buy that cultivation sheet? Can I get one?" Suchin's lips twitched slightly, and he raised his hand to eliminate Jeang Shaian once again. After being eliminated, Jeang Shaian rushed out of the virtual simulation pod like a madman, shouting, "Brothers! Can you believe it? That freshman on the other side is actually a second tier, fourth level cultivator. Go to hell. What kind of freshman is already at the fourth level of the second tier?" "Exactly, Jang Shaon. If you keep bragging, believe me, I'll shove you back into your cabin." Jeang Shaian was on the verge of tears, his face full of grievance. It's strange. It's really hard to believe. After all, the speed of cultivation is just too outrageous. It's beyond imagination. That guy is really unlucky. Suchin looked at the empty virtual arena, a faint smile appearing on his lips, and muttered to himself. Defeated by yourself three times in a row is unlucky enough for anyone. Next, he spoke again. And as soon as he finished speaking, the source energy within his body instantly returned to normal. This is a virtual battle. Energy and other statuses can be reset immediately once a new battle begins. Unlike in reality where they need to recover slowly. Two seconds later, another man appeared opposite Such Chun. The man sized Such Chin up and down, a contemptuous smile on his face. Eh, 700,000th place. Looks like you've got a lucky winning streak, haven't you? Suchin glanced at the man's ranking. 558,069. The difference of hundreds of thousands of places is precisely due to the unique matching mechanism of the ranking system. Generally, the ranking difference between the matched opponents will not exceed 10,000 places. However, if you are on a winning streak, you may be matched with players who are ranked very high. This is to test the true strength of the winning streak player and see if they are really capable or just bully the weak. This is quite similar to the matchmaking mechanism of a popular four- character game. However, Suchin didn't care about this. He was absolutely confident that even if the number one player was matched with him, he wouldn't be afraid at all. Kid, just admit defeat. I'm ranked 550,000 against you with over 700,000. The advantage is in my hands. Suchin sneered. Next time, remember not to just look at the rankings. A shadow claw slammed down as swiftly as a black lightning bolt. The man didn't even have time to react before he was turned into a puddle of mud. Immediately afterward, another student from the Superpower Academy angrily shouted, "Fish fry dog." In the ensuing battles, Such Chin swept through the enemy lines with unstoppable momentum, achieving victory after victory. In every battle, he used his absolute strength to instantly kill his opponent with a single shadow claw move. In the blink of an eye, Su Chun had achieved a 19game winning streak. With his winning streak doubling his points, his ranking has soared to 140,000th. Next, with a flash of light, a woman appeared on the other side. The woman's eyes lit up the moment she saw Su Chun, and she exclaimed with a lovesick expression, "Wow, you're so handsome. And how did you, ranked 140,000, get matched with me, ranked 50,000, naturally be matched with some higher ranked opponents?" Jean Lily was stunned for a moment. 19 consecutive wins. She then checked Sue Chun s information, and what she saw left her completely dumbfounded. The 19ame winning streak logo gleamed faintly in the data, making it particularly eye-catching. What she found most unbelievable was Su Chin's realm. Second tier, fourth level. Little brother, I've fallen in love with you. Jeang Lily's voice was filled with infatuation and adoration. Second tier, fourth level. To reach this level in just 10 days after the start of freshman year is simply monstrous. She would never have believed it if she hadn't seen it with her own eyes. But now the facts are right in front of her, leaving her no choice but to believe them. It should be noted that the virtual simulation cabin of the hundred schools ladder has never malfunctioned. So Such Chin in front of us is definitely a genuine second tier fourthle cultivator. Stop with all this. I'm going to get started. Such Chun shook his head helplessly and raised his hand to unleash his signature shadow claw attack. Jean Lily nodded quickly, a look of anticipation on her face. Then she turned her back and bent slightly. Come on, little brother. Such Chan was speechless at her actions. This woman was too crazy. Boom! With a loud bang, the shadow claw crashed down and Jeang Lily instantly vanished into nothingness, disappearing from the virtual arena. "Congratulations to player Such Chun on achieving a 20ame winning streak. You have used up your chance for today. Please try again tomorrow." The AI voice sounded at the right time, and Suchin only felt the flash of white light before he was forcibly teleported back to the virtual simulation pod. As Suchin opened the door of the virtual simulation pod, a melodious and resonant bell rang out inside the virtual simulation hall. Thump! The sound of the bell instantly drew everyone's attention, and the once bustling simulation hall fell silent. Holy crap, someone's got a 20-game winning streak. Damn, which aristocratic family is here to fry fish again? I'm so envious. He looks unfamiliar, but he's quite handsome. I wonder if he has a girlfriend. Everyone turned their gaze to Sue Chun, their eyes filled with envy and amazement. It's important to know that a 20ame winning streak is no easy feat. It can propel someone from the top 1 million to around the top 100,000. "Hey, bro, you look familiar. Which province are you from?" "A genius," a boy asked curiously as he approached. Suchin shook his head and said modestly, "I'm just a genius from a small city. By the way, what's with the bell ringing, brother? Don't you know this bell is a symbol of honor? One ring means someone has achieved a 20ame winning streak. Two rings means someone has broken the winning streak record. Three rings mean reaching the top. Six rings mean being number one on both leaderboards. Nine rings mean being number one on the fourth year leaderboard. Although the bell symbolizes supreme honor, it has only been rung three times in the entire Kyoto Ability Academy to date. After all, to achieve six hits, one needs to defy superiors and achieve first place on both the grade level lists. The nine sound challenge is even more difficult, requiring freshmen to dominate four lists, which is almost an impossible task. A senior and a freshman cannot be bridged overnight. Chapter 42. Shadow Shield joins the dark arts department. As Such Chan listened to the introduction from the person beside him, a surge of vigorous energy welled up within him like a tide. Currently, students at Kyoto Ability Academy who reach level six upon graduation are considered top tier geniuses. Normally, they are around the fifth rank and fourth level. To dominate the list of the top 100 universities in his senior year, Such Chun must also reach the sixth level. In other words, he needs to reach level six within a year. Upon closer examination, this is by no means an easy task. To others, it would be nothing short of a fantasy, utterly impossible to achieve. But he was different. With the system at his disposal, Such Chun was full of confidence. Having already transmigrated to this world of high martial arts and been bound to a system, how could he not accomplish something earthshattering? Thanks, brother. Suchin said sincerely. Oh, brother, you're too kind. The man waved his hand. Such Chun simply smiled faintly. I have other matters to attend to, so I'll take my leave now. It was already afternoon, and the combat skills he had purchased should have been delivered to the villa by now. It's time to go back and learn something. Hey, young man, could you tell me your name? He slowly turned around and said, "Such Chun." Then he walked straight out of the virtual simulation hall. The man watched Su Chin's departing figure, muttering to himself, "Such Chin, he's probably not from a powerful family. After all, Such Chan gave him the impression of being neither arrogant nor impatient, which was much better than those arrogant and doineering disciples of aristocratic families." Kyoto the Jang family mansion. Luxurious and imposing, the mansion features pavilions, terraces, and towers with carved beams and painted rafters. I'm not in villa number one. A hint of surprise flashed in Jang Shir's eyes. How could there possibly be someone more capable than him? Even if he has other S-class superpowers as the second young master of the Jang family in Kyoto, his current cultivation level has already reached the sixth level of the first rank. He absolutely refused to believe that anyone could cultivate faster than him or be more powerful than his unparalleled S-class superpower, purple lightning fury. Jang Jia, the man who had been instantly killed by Su Chun in the villa, quickly spoke up. Not only that, he also wants to challenge you. Jang Shir was even more puzzled. He doesn't know my name. It seems he doesn't know, and he's from out of town. From Shanghai, Jang Sher pressed. No, I did a thorough investigation this afternoon, and there is no such person as Sud Shun in Shanghai. I heard he comes from a small city. Upon hearing the words small city, Jang Shir's face immediately showed a disdainful expression and he sneered. People from remote and impoverished areas really don't know their own limitations. However, there was one thing he could never understand. Why Su Chin's villa was listed before his own. You should know that villa number one represents the strongest freshman admitted this year. Is the school out of its mind? He refused to believe that a country bumpkin from a remote and impoverished area could be stronger than someone like himself who possessed countless rare and precious treasures. How strong is he? I don't know. But when I went to challenge them, I was instantly killed in one move. As Jang J said this, an embarrassed look appeared on his face and he unconsciously lowered his head. Jang Shirs expression remained unchanged upon hearing this. He could also defeat Jang Jia in one move. It seems that Su Chun does have some strength, making him worthy of being the opponent in the first battle at the Kyoto Superpower Academy. All right, please inform that arrogant Su Chun that will meet at the Kyoto Arena tomorrow afternoon. A ruthless glint flashed in Jang Shir's eyes. This country bumpkin, he'd show those students from out of town how he could easily crush him. Otherwise, there will be arrogant out of town students who dare to challenge the local geniuses of Kyoto. All right, young master Jang. Remember to beat me hard and help me vent my anger. Jang Jia said with a fawning expression, "I know, you useless piece of trash. Hurry up and go cultivate properly." Jang Shir waved his hand impatiently. Jang Jia nodded and tactfully prepared to leave, but was stopped by Jang Shir. Wait, while you're at it, help me investigate whether there are any pretty girls among this year's freshmen. A wicked grin immediately appeared on Jang J's face. Leave it to me. Inside villa number one. Master, these are the netherworld nine slashes and the shadow shield that you purchased. The AI robot Shiawa handed over two books that emitted a dark glow. Su Chen's eyes lit up immediately. They finally arrived. He reached out and steadily took the book. Study. In an instant, knowledge and skills related to the netherworld nine slashes and shadow shield flooded into Su Chin's mind like a tidal wave. Nine netherworld slashes can be used with demonic scythe type weapons. The higher the proficiency, the more netherworld shadow blades can be unleashed up to a maximum of nine. The damage of the netherworld shadow blades gradually increases and the true meaning may undergo different changes. Shadow shield. Gather dark element in your hand to form a shadow shield around yourself. The strength of the shield increases with proficiency and the strength of your own dark elemental ability. Suchin looked at the descriptions of the two combat techniques and was secretly delighted. Now, it's basically a combination of offense and defense. However, there is currently a severe lack of killing points, not a single one, and there are still several dark type combat skills that I haven't mastered. Just as I finished studying, a crisp telephone ring came from inside the room. Suchin opened his phone and saw Chu Xinings call. Hello. Suchin answered the phone and spoke. How's it going? Is villa number one all right? Chu Xiinings voice came from the other end of the phone, tinged with concern. Mentioning this, Su Chan was speechless and said irritably, "It's all right. I'll kill anyone who dares to come with one claw. Anyway, it's not my fault if they get seriously injured. Now it was Chu Xinings turn to be silent. Why was this kid like this? Let's not talk about that. From today onwards, I am your dean. I have already added you to the dark arts department group chat and the Kyoto Supernatural Ability Academy freshman group. You can check them out yourself. As soon as she finished speaking, Suchin saw on his phone that he had been added to the dark arts department group chat and the Kyoto University freshman group chat. Could it be? You're the dean of our dark arts department. Suchin guessed. That's right. I am the dean of your dark arts department, kid. Get ready for the departmental challenge. After Chu Jining finished speaking, she hung up the phone. Dark type abilities. Naturally, she should join the dark type department. She couldn't very well join another department, could she? Then she gave a rise smile, thinking that the other departments were going to be in trouble this year. In previous years, the dark arts department was a department that was often fiercely contested by other departments. This year, with a monster like Su Chin around, the other departments are probably crying out in despair. Suchin looked at the Kyoto Ability Academy on his phone, the 250th freshman class of the Dark Arts Department Exchange Group, 569. It seems that the Kyoto Ability Academy has a history of 250 years. That's right. 300 years ago, plants and animals mutated, the demon cave descended, and superhumans awakened. In the decades that followed, humanity fought against the monsters and rebuilt their homes. Later, as the city was built and the monsters were driven out of the city, universities and high schools gradually began to be restored. However, this 250th session is a bit unlucky. Lee Buufon, a level shadowb bird. Hey, a newbie here. Newcomer, remember to change your name and ability level. Also, what level of dark ability do you have? If you're not a level, remember to call me brother. Otherwise, no one will protect you in the departmental resource challenge. Mention Such Chun. Chapter 43. One man takes on the entire system. The mysterious egg hatches. Suchin frowned upon seeing Lie Buffon's words. This guy's pretty arrogant. He wondered how he'd react to seeing his S-rank ability. So, he changed the note and sent another message in the group. Such Chun Srank Shadow King question mark. This simple question mark, however, was like a bombshell causing a huge uproar in the group. Liu Fawn, brother, I was wrong. No, no, no. Dad, I was wrong. Please protect me in the resource challenge. Jean Cohen, Grandpa, Grandpa, are you Sue Chun, the one who just achieved a 20game winning streak in the 100 schools ladder. Honia, honey, all 600 kids at home are waiting for you to come home. Such Chan was somewhat surprised by the reactions in the group chat. Such Chan, there can't be only an S-rank dark element user in this group, right? With such a huge commotion, it seems most likely he's the only one with an S rank dark type ability. Li Buuon, you guessed right, sir. With just one S-rank dark type ability, you're our boss. Lieufons reply confirmed Such Chen's guess. Such Chun, just me? What about the other department's S-level superpowers? Suchin was speechless. Good heavens, S-class superpowers are just too rare. We almost lost everything. He couldn't quite understand it. It was indeed difficult to awaken an S-class ability in a small town, but how could it be so rare in a big city? Li Buuon. Hey, as far as I know, there are 1,600 people in the thunder department and two S-level superpowered students. And the same goes for the fire department. We're going to get crushed in the resource challenge. This year, Kyoto Supernatural Ability Academy has 21,000 freshmen and Leo accounts for 3,500 of them. You should know that there are more than 20 departments in total. It's easy to imagine how powerful the Thunder Academy and Fire Academy are. It's not that there aren't any Stype superpowered students. It's that all the students with Stype superpowers are in other departments. Such Chun, don't panic. Can you tell me the rules of the departmental resource challenge? Libufon, I don't know yet. The qualification for the resource challenge is that each department sends 30 people to compete against other departments. The department whose students are eliminated first loses, and that department will have fewer resources this year, while the other department will have more. Hearing the rules of the departmental resource challenge, Such Chun felt relieved. If he could take down all 30 opponents by himself, wouldn't he win? One person takes on the entire department. Such Chun, thanks. The freshman communication group of Kyoto Superpower Academy. Jeang Deao, Department of Thunder. In the departmental qualifying rounds the day after tomorrow, everyone should behave themselves and concede to avoid physical harm, especially those in the dark and earth departments. I, young master Jang Shir have heard of you, right? Fire department, Jean Hai. Exactly. Especially those from the dark department. Just now, someone from the dark department provoked me, saying that I was bullying them because my department has an S-rank student with superpowers. Oh my. So what? It's just that your dark department is too weak. You'll be kneeling down obediently the day after tomorrow. Gun department, Lu Jang, leave a way out for others so you can meet again in the future. Thunderfire Department, don't be too arrogant. Lelay Yuan Department, Chuchu Chun, H. So what? Resources are obtained through conquest anyway. In a high martial arts world, weakness is fundamental. Earth Element Liuang, they bully us everyday. Damn it. After turning on do not disturb and exiting the chat interface, Such Chan rubbed his temples. There's no point in going up against them now. It'll only be meaningful if we crush them in the resource challenge the day after tomorrow. shouting online. It's better to beat them up offline than to actually do it. The official website of Kyoto Superpower Academy, where there were many trending topics and headlines. Shocking. Another player with a 20game winning streak in the 100 school ladder has emerged. Image. Click to open. Breaking news. This year, our Kyoto Superpower Academy has set a new record for the number of S-level students. Boom. The bloodbull demon cave is in riot mode and students are urgently needed to quell it. Below the trending topics on the forum, a dense array of comments are displayed. Suchin glanced at the phone casually for a few moments, then tossed it aside. Just then, Jang J's arrogant shout came from outside. Such Chun, tomorrow afternoon, I, Young Master Jang, will be waiting for you at the arena. If you have the guts, don't be a coward and dare not come. Suchin frowned and walked out of the villa. Idiot, I've accepted this invitation. Dark shadows surged around him and a sharp shadow claw appeared in the sky, slamming Jang Jia into the ground. Caught off guard by the sudden attack, Jang Jia lay sprawled on the ground, inwardly groaning, "Ill never bark again." Suchin clapped his hands, turned around, and walked into the villa. He lay lazily on the soft sofa, closed his eyes slightly, and began to think about the upcoming itinerary. Tomorrow I'll climb the tower first. Then I'll have to face Jang Shir's challenge. The day after tomorrow is the opening ceremony of the Kyoto Ability Academy. Such Chan silently calculated in his mind. At that time, the principal and a group of highranking officials of the Kyoto Ability Academy as well as the heads of aristocratic families will gather together to hold a grand opening ceremony. After the opening ceremony, the resource challenge will be held in the afternoon and the principal and others will probably be there to watch. Thinking of the resource challenge, a glint of excitement flashed in Su Chens eyes. As for the later departmental class assignments, whether it was class one or class 2, it didn't matter to him. He was thinking that once he dominated the list of freshmen at Kyoto Ability Academy and obtained all the resources, he would skip directly to the sophomore year. In Such Chin's view, the strongest among the freshman was only at the sixth level of the first tier, while he was already at the fourth level of the second tier. So there was no point in competing with them. It would be much more exciting to skip directly to the second year of university and compete against those masters of similar skill levels. However, he also heard that skipping a grade requires participating in a special grade skipping challenge and the specific rules and requirements are not yet clear. Forget it. We'll see when the time comes. Suchin shook his head, putting these distracting thoughts aside. Just as he was gathering his thoughts, a crisp telephone ring suddenly sounded. Suchin picked up his phone, saw the caller ID, and a gentle smile unconsciously appeared on his face. Hey, little Chinzy, do you miss me? On the other end of the phone came Xi Yaoyas sweet voice with a hint of playfulness and cocary. I really want to come. When are you coming? Tomorrow. Remember to pick me up at 8:00 in the morning or you'll be sorry. Okay, no problem. I'll protect you and Kyoto from now on. Such Chan patted his chest and assured him, "At least you know what's good for you. No one in the capital bullies you, right? Xiai Yayao asked with concern. No, even if someone did, they couldn't beat me. Then I'm relieved. Remember to pick me up tomorrow? Xiao said and hung up the phone. Suchin looked at his phone, the smile on his face not yet completely gone. He turned off his phone and then opened the system panel. Name Such Chun. Realm level, second tier, fourth level. Special ability, Srank, Shadow King. Bone Tempering, ninth round. Clotting not started. Companion artifact S-rank death scythe. Cultivation technique boundless spiritual source technique first level. Combat skills tier three dark bat strike mastery. Tier three shadow flash mastery. Tier two shadow claw. Perfect. Tier two dark abyss demon pool. Mastery. Tier six instant shadow killing array. Understanding. Tier five netherworld nine slashes. Understanding. Tier four shadow shield. Understanding. Tier five Netherpool shadow claw. Understanding backpack, the mysterious egg incubating. Such Chin's gaze fell on the mysterious egg, and he hurriedly took the egg out of his system space. I calculated that it took 10 days to hatch, and today is almost the 10th day. The mysterious egg, it's incubating. The black egg in my hand now has several fine cracks. Suchin stared intently at it, his eyes filled with excitement and anticipation. Few, it's coming. Snap. Snap. A few faint sounds came and the mysterious egg suddenly trembled violently. Then the eggshell shattered instantly. A powerful and eerie dark light swept across the entire villa like a tidal wave, and a winged creature roamed freely within the dark elemental light. Chapter 44. Shadow Elf Twanto enters daddy mode. The entire villa was enveloped in the light of dark elements, immersed in a dim atmosphere. Such Chin clicked his tongue and muttered under his breath. Goodness, it's just hatching an egg. Why make such a fuss? After an unknown amount of time, the dense dark element slowly dissipated. Suchin looked up and saw a small, exquisite dark elemental spirit above him. She was only the size of an adult's palm. Her entire body seemingly a perfect blend of the finest black jade and a deep night sky. meticulously sculpted, as exquisite as a porcelain doll, so beautiful that it seemed almost unreal. Her small face was exquisitly beautiful. Her eyes were like two deep, unfathomable pools of water. Her hair was not ordinary hair, but like flowing, shadowy silk, cascading down from the top of her head, softly draped over her shoulders and hanging down to below her slightly pointed earlobes, swaying gently with her movements. What's most eye-catching is the pair of almost transparent butterfly wings behind her. The butterfly wings had a faint dark hue, and the edges of the wings were outlined with an extremely fine, almost imperceptible dark gold pattern, adding to her nobility and mystery. She hovered quietly in the air, occasionally flapping her wings. The scattered dark elemental dust slowly swirled around her, forming a dreamlike veil of stardust, as if draping her in a dazzling coat. Simply put, this is a miniature version of a dark type sprite as exquisite as a porcelain doll. What exactly is hatched? Suchin asked, full of curiosity and activated the investigation function. Name: Dark elf bloodline king level realm first tier first level. Attributes: Dark Wind. Developmental stage, early childhood. Note, a darling of the dark elements, born from the dark elements. this being confused with and possess a host to make the host stronger. Furthermore, upon reaching its growth stage, it will develop two forms combining offensive and support abilities. Such Chan was stunned for several seconds and exclaimed in his heart, "Goodness, this is simply a super cheat code. Dark elves, the darlings of the dark elements of heaven and earth, royal bloodline." It's important to know that in the bloodline ranking system for demonic beasts, the lowest level is the ordinary bloodline followed by top tier bloodlines, king level bloodlines, saint level bloodlines, and so on. The higher the bloodline of a demon beast, the stronger it is. This dark elf was born with a king level bloodline. How powerful would her bloodline be when she reaches the growth stage? Moreover, it can possess other beings and amplify its own power. That's incredibly powerful. Thinking of this, Such Chin's heart raced with excitement. At this moment, the dark elf blinked her bright, lively eyes, fluttered her little wings, and flew towards Such Chan. She nuzzled Such Chin's body affectionately with her little head, her eyes full of dependence. Clearly, she regarded Such Chun as her father. In Such Chin's heart, he gently stroked her head. The warm, fluffy touch felt wonderful. He couldn't help but laugh and think. Is this what they call becoming a father unexpectedly? The dark elf raised its head, opened its small mouth, and made a few soft sounds as if it were trying to express something. You mean, are you hungry? Suchin guessed. The dark elf nodded its little head, a hint of anticipation in its eyes. This gave Suchin a bit of a headache. What exactly should the dark elf eat? It's most likely something related to the dark element, right? Sweetie, I'll look it up for you in a bit. Suchin quickly called over the AI. Xiaoa. Shia Hua helped me search for information about dark type spirits. Searching. Two seconds later, some information about dark elves appeared before their eyes, but it was all a jumble of random things such as the history and habits of the elf race, which had nothing to do with the little guy in Suchin's arms. Suchin looked helpless. We've got a baby, but where's the baby care manual? Just then, the system notifications sounded at the opportune moment. Dark elf. It needs to consume rare and precious materials containing dark elements such as spiritual herbs and fruits or the meat of dark type demonic beasts. The more dark elements it contains, the faster the dark elf will grow after consuming it and the greater the boost it will provide to the host. As Such Chan listened to the systems introduction, the corner of his mouth twitched involuntarily. Good heavens, it directly consumes spirit herbs. This little guy is so hard to please. Xiao Hua, search for some dark elemental rare and precious materials. Suchin instructed, "Master, please look." A blue light screen appeared in front of Xiaoa, densely covered with records of various dark elemental rare and precious materials. Of course, most of them are priceless and unavailable. Only two items can still be bought in Kyoto. One type is shadow grass, which contains a certain amount of dark element and can be used to refine pills. Consuming it can enhance one's cultivation level. The price is one credit point per plant, which is 10,000 blue star coins per plant. Another type is shadow crystal, a crystal formed from pure dark elements in a place of absolute darkness. Consuming it allows one to quickly absorb dark elements and improve one's cultivation level. However, this thing is much more expensive. One shadow crystal costs 20 credits, which is 200,000 blue star coins. Looking at the price, Such Chun felt the pang of pain. Looking at the pitiful 4,000 credits in his account, he couldn't help but shudder. Suchin lay back on the sofa and sighed deeply. It seems that academic credits are indeed an essential thing. Shiao Hua, order 50 shadow crystals and 500 shadow grasses and also order to refine the 500 shadow grasses into pills and send them over urgently. Such Chan gritted his teeth and made up his mind. You can't just let the shadow grass be held and chewed by the dark elf, can you? Moreover, after being refined into pills, dark elves will absorb dark elements more efficiently and digest them faster. Received master. 50 dark crystals cost 1,000 credits. 500 shadow grasses cost 500 credits. Refining the pills cost 30 credits for processing and expedited delivery cost 20 credits. It is expected to arrive in 2 hours. The total cost is 1,550 credits. Master, you have 2,450 credits remaining. Ai Shiawa reported quickly. Suchin listened to Shia Huas report and shook his head helplessly. He cradled the dark elf in his hands and whispered, "Little fellow, don't disappoint me. You'd better give me a good reward." The dark elf seemed to understand Su Chins words and affectionately rubbed its face against Su Chins hand as if to say, "Raising me is definitely not a bad deal for you." Then a dark crescent moon mark appeared on the back of Such Chin's hand. Ding! The dark elf and the host have successfully formed a contract. Little one, you're quite sensible. Suchin couldn't help but gently rub her little head with his fingers. The dark elf opened its tiny mouth as if to bite Such Chan's finger. Suchin quickly dodged, smiling as he said, "You can'tt eat this. The food will be delivered soon." The dark elf seemed to understand Su Chins words and nodded its little head. "Good girl, shall I name you? How about Tanchuan? Do you like this name?" Touanchuan happily flapped its wings and flew around joyfully in the air a few times, clearly very satisfied with the name. Suchin felt relieved and said softly, "To Anuan, rest for a while." Tuantoan obediently flapped its wings, flew to Su Chin's shoulder, lay down, blinked its eyes, and slowly closed them. Looking at her adorable appearance, Suchin couldn't help but smile gently. Sons should be raised frugally, and daughters should be raised lavishly. daughter should be pampered and spoiled. From now on, he will not only strive to become stronger, but also be a responsible dad, take good care of Towanchuan, and accompany her as she grows up. Chapter 45. Xi Yao arrives. 30game winning streak. The next morning, Such Chun was woken up by the alarm clock on the bedside table. He yawn sleepily and stretched. A new day. Tuanchin was still sleeping peacefully on Su Chin's chest, her small body rising and falling slightly with her breath. Sensing Su Chin's movement, Tuantoan opened her eyes. She opened her mouth, her big, watery eyes filled with longing. Are you hungry? Suchin took out a shadow crystal and handed it to her. The crystal was about a little longer and wider than a piece of chewing gum, and it was a deep, rich black color. Tuanchin reached out her little hand to take the shadow crystal, hugged it tightly, and couldn't wait to start nibbling on it. With a crunch, she swallowed it whole, a look of satisfaction instantly spreading across her face, her little mouth still smacking as she savored the taste. Seeing Towanchin's satisfied expression, Suchin also became happy, recalling how the little guy had devoured 10 shadow crystals in one go when they were delivered yesterday. This little guy has to eat at least 10 of them every day, which costs at least 200 credit points or 2 million blue star coins. The 120 shadow pills made from the 500 shadow grass plants were simply the little guy's daily snacks. Just as Such Chun was watching Tanchuan eat bite by bite, Tanchuan's aura suddenly surged. Suchin blinked and said with delight, "First rank, second level. Not bad. Not bad at all. It wasn't a waste of time. Not only that, the little guy's cultivation level has been raised to the second level of the first rank, and his body seems to have grown a little bit, making him even more adorable. Suchin took out another shadow crystal and handed it to Tuantoan. Tuantoan held the previous crystal in one hand and took the new one in the other, happily continuing to devour it. Come on, I'll take you to see Kyoto. Upon arriving at the villa, we hailed a taxi and headed towards Kyoto's airport. Half an hour later, Suchin got out of the car and arrived at Kyoto airport. The waiting hall was bustling with people, and Tuantoan's presence drew the attention of almost everyone around her. Wow, what's that guy with behind him? What kind of amazing technology is that? Wow, so cute and adorable. I really want to touch it. Uh, I wonder if that handsome guy has a girlfriend. The little guy following him is so cute. The crowd was buzzing with discussion. To Anuan, look how popular you are, Such Chan said to Tanchin with a smile. As if understanding Su Chins praise, Tuantoan happily flapped its wings. Such Chun in the distance, Xiao Yao, who had just gotten off the plane, spotted Such Chun in the crowd at a glance and waved excitedly. Such Chan waved his hand, a gentle smile on his face. Xiao Yao skipped and hopped over to Such Chun. At least you knew to come pick me up. Xi Yaos eyes crinkled with joy, and she was very happy. That's right. I always keep my word, especially when it comes to beautiful women. H, your words have gotten sweeter in just a few days," Xi Yao said co-etishly. Then she noticed Tuan Tuan beside Su Chins shoulder, her eyes full of curiosity. What is this little guy? How can he be so cute? She reached out to touch her, but Towanchuin immediately dodged away wearily, hiding behind Su Chin's shoulder, only her little head peeking out, looking at Xiao with her round eyes. Xiai was a little discouraged and asked, "Such Chun, where did you get this cute little guy from? I found an egg." not long ago and it hatched," Such Chan said with a smile. "Yeah, the system gave it to me, so I guess you could say I found it. I'm not kidding." Xiai Yao Yao clearly didn't believe it. Who would believe that? But then a pleading look appeared in her eyes. Such Chun, let her touch me just once. Towanchuin is just too cute and adorable. She really couldn't resist. To Anuan, go say hello to your older sister. Tuantoan gently flapped its wings, flew to Xiai Yao Yao, waved its little hand, and showed a sweet smile on its face. Xiao Yao s heart melted instantly. Come here, let your big sister give me a hug. Toin shook her head, then quickly returned to Su Chins shoulder and snuggled close to him. I'm a little shy. Maybe later. Xi Yao pouted. Hump, that stinky, Such Chun. The more you insult me, the less Tanchuin will like you. Xi Yao Yao deflated instantly like a punctured balloon. You Yuy youu. All right, now that I've got you enrolled, I'm going to climb the 100 school ladder ranking. He remembered that breaking the 39game winning streak record would earn him an extra 2,000 credits. We have to make money, otherwise we won't even be able to afford baby formula. The two took a taxi back to the Kyoto Ability Academy. Such Chan then helped Xi Yao Yao complete the enrollment procedures, patiently explaining the school's various facilities and precautions to her along the way. He then introduced her to the 100 schools ranking list, and the two of them went to the virtual simulation hall. The virtual simulation hall was brightly lit with various advanced devices neatly arranged and people coming and going. "Such Chun, I'm going to climb the rankings now," Xi Yao Yao said excitedly as she stepped into a virtual simulation pod. the mark of returning in a circle. Such Chun said softly and he threw out two shadow crystals. Little Tanchuan hugged the crystals, looked at Su Chun, and then obediently returned to the crescent mark in Such Chen's hand. After settling to Anuan in, Such Chan went straight to the virtual simulation pod next to him. As Such Chun appeared, everyone around him turned their attention to him. Isn't that Such Chun who got 20 consecutive wins yesterday? I heard he's an S-rank dark type. Looks like the dark arts department's freshman are going to take off this year. So, how many consecutive wins do you think he can achieve at most? I'll keep it under 30 wins. After all, the longer the winning streak, the more advanced the opponents you'll face, and you might even encounter other S-rank ability users. Dark abilities are no match for those other S-rank abilities. Everyone started speculating, and the already bustling virtual simulation hall became even more crowded. Start matching, came the systems voice from inside the virtual simulation pod. Yes, matching you. A few seconds later, a B-level superpowered student from the Shanghai Superpower Academy, ranked among the top 20,000, appeared on the stage. Oh, 100,000th place. You've got quite a winning streak, kid. Too bad you've met me, Jibo. You talk too much nonsense, Suchin said coldly. Another shadow claw strike landed and before Jiboa could react, he was instantly reduced to nothingness. Shanghai Superpower Academy. No way. He was killed in one move. Jibo was completely shocked. Still using the dark element. When did the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy produce a top tier dark element expert? He was completely bewildered, his mind filled with confusion and shock. And so the next nine matches were still won one by one. The rankings continued to climb and soon reached 9,890. Above Such Chen's head shown with dazzling golden light, proclaiming his glorious achievements. Next, 2 seconds later, another person was teleported to the arena. It was Shiao Tion, ranked 236th at Guang Wu Supernatural Abilities Academy. 30 30 consecutive wins. Shiao Tion stared in disbelief at the 30ame winning streak displayed above Su Chen's head. I glanced at his ranking again. He was ranked 200th out of 9,000. Who on earth was this person? Chapter 46. Setting a record. Chu Xining was deliberately made difficult. Brother, who are you? You're so amazing. Shiaoan asked, his face full of doubt. Isn't it in the information? Shiaoan chuckled and scratched his head. Hey, you're right. Immediately, his gaze fell on Su Chins information. And after just a quick glance, he froze on the spot. What? Tier two? And it's tier two, level four. Is there a problem? Shiao Tions expression instantly became quite interesting with black lines appearing on his face. I was aiming for the top 100 today, but wow, my first opponent was like they were cheating. What a joke. Who is level two now? I surrender. The opponent concedes defeat and you win. The AI's emotionless voice rang out at just the right moment. Continue. Another exhilarating 8-game winning streak followed. And Such Chun launched an attack on his 40th consecutive win while his ranking soared to 256th. Your opponent has arrived. As soon as the words were spoken, a figure slowly appeared from the virtual light and shadow. That was a student from the Shanghai Superpower Academy. He was none other than Lie Kuang, who possessed the S level fire type superpower, Crimson Flame, and was ranked ninth on the 100 schools ladder list. 39 39 consecutive wins. Li Kuang was slightly taken aback when he saw Su Chin's winning streak, but he quickly regained his composure. Goodbye. The next second, the shadow claw appeared above Li Kuangs head and slammed down. Li Kuang dared not be careless in the slightest, transforming into a blazing flame and dodging at an extremely fast speed. Perfect combat technique. Lie Kuang's pupils contracted slightly, his face filled with disbelief. What's going on? This person has only been awakened for a short time. Yet, their combat skills have already reached perfection. Are we beings who awakened our superpowers at the same time? You are honored. You are the only one who has lasted until the second move against me. Shadow Claw in the dark pool. He slammed his hands into the ground. In an instant, a large area beneath Li Kuangs feet trembled violently, and then the ground transformed into a deep, dark abyss from which countless shadowy claws emerged. What is this? Lie Ku Kuangs face was full of horror. He hurriedly unfolded his fiery wings, trying to fly into the sky to escape the terrifying attack. However, the countless shadow claws in the dark abyss clung to his fiery wings and body like maggots, desperately pulling him downwards. Uh uh. Get away, get away, overwhelmed Lie Kuang like a tidal wave. He struggled desperately, trying to break free from the restraints of these shadow claws. Flames are burning. Lie Kuang exerted all his strength, instantly transforming into a massive ball of flame, attempting to dispel the shadow claws with his intense heat. However, the shadow claws remained unmoved and instead pulled him even harder into the abyss. Could Lie Kuang, at the first level of sixth rank, possibly withstand the combat skills unleashed by a second tier, fourth level cultivator? Just seconds later, amidst Li Kuang's desperate cries, he was dragged into the demonic pool by countless shadow claws. A chilling sound came from the demon pool, leaving behind only a skeleton. Congratulations, Such Chun, on your 40ame winning streak. You are currently ranked 106th. Your chance for today has been used up. The next second, Such Chun was forcibly teleported away beside the virtual simulation pod at the Shanghai Superpower Academy, Li Kuang. even after exiting the pod was still pale and sweating profusely. This is terrifying, absolutely terrifying. Li Kuang muttered to himself, his voice trembling slightly. Facing Such Chun, he felt as insignificant as an ant. And he even began to doubt whether Such Chun was really an S-class ability user. Inside the Kyoto virtual simulation hall, that familiar sound rang out once again. Thump, thump. Congratulations to Sue Chun, a freshman in cabin 18, for breaking Moo Schwener's 39game winning streak and extending it to 40 games. A reward of 2,000 credit points has been credited to your Kyoto Dragon card. The AI's voice echoed in the virtual simulation hall. As the voice faded, Suchin slowly stepped out of the virtual simulation pod. In an instant, everyone's eyes in the entire virtual simulation hall turned to Such Chan. My goodness, Mushwear's record has been broken. Is this Such Chen? He's quite handsome. Does anyone know where he's from? The top of the 100 school rankings in 3 days. At this moment, Xiao also came out from the side. Hearing the discussions around her, she suddenly felt that her 8-ame winning streak was no longer appealing. "Wow, Such Chun has already achieved a 40-game winning streak." She walked over quickly and asked, "Are you tired?" She then took out a bottle of water and handed it to her. Such Chan took the water, tilted his head back, and drank it down in one gulp, then nodded slightly. It's all right. This scene was witnessed by those around them with countless boys filled with envy and countless girls secretly heartbroken. Hello, you. Two pretty girls walked over and one of them blushed and spoke shyly. Such Chan turned around, a hint of doubt in his eyes. What? Um, are you two a couple? No. Upon hearing this, the female students eyes lit up and a hint of anticipation appeared on her face. She said, "Um, Such Chun, could I have your contact information?" "Such Chun is handsome and strong. If we could get his contact information, maybe things could develop further." Suchin took out his phone and said casually, "Anything is fine." But Xi Yao Yao, standing to the side, wouldn't have it. She stepped between the two of them and shouted, "No way." The female classmate immediately looked displeased and said angrily, "You and Such Chin aren't a couple. You have no right to interfere." As she spoke, she bypassed Xio, scanned Such Chin's contact information, then proudly waved her phone before turning and leaving. Such Chan was also stunned by this scene, while Xiao Yao was like a cat with its furs standing on end, her face full of anger and grievance. But after thinking about it carefully, she realized that she really had no right to interfere with Such Chun. Such Chun is so dazzling and outstanding. "What right does she have to interfere?" "What's wrong? Are you unhappy?" Such Chin asked softly, looking at Xiao Yao. "I didn't?" Xiai Yao sniffed and stubbornly turned her back. "Okay, okay," she just added my brother Hans Xiais contact information. Such Chan waved the QR code in his hand, a mischievous smile on his face. Suchin felt there was little need to add him as a contact. These people are simply looking at themselves because they are strong, hoping to add each other as friends in the future and perhaps gain some benefits. It's really too superficial. In his opinion, it would be more practical to go to the demon cave to kill some alien races and improve his own strength. Sigh. All I can say is that boys need to take good care of themselves when they're out in the world. Xiai Ya Yao glanced at the contact information on the business card and after confirming that it really wasn't Su Chin's, she snorted. O, it's none of my business. All right, then. I'll really let others add me from now on, Such Chin said and walked towards the door. No, no, those women are all bad women. You're a grown man in the prime of your life. Don't you know how to protect yourself? Xiao Yao quickly chased after him, shouting as she ran. In the conference room of Kyoto Ability Academy, the deans of various departments gathered together and the principal and vice principal of Kyoto Ability Academy also sat in the main seats. Principles and TNN surveyed the audience. Tomorrow is the official start of the semester department heads, are you all ready for your work? The heads of all departments nodded in agreement. We're all ready. Just waiting for the start of the semester. Zing Tian and nodded in satisfaction and said, "This year, our Kyoto Ability Academy has two more S-level freshmen than last year, which is something to celebrate." Upon hearing this, a round of enthusiastic applause erupted in the conference room. At this moment, vice principal by Chong Lllin gently tapped the table and said, "Principal, I have something to say." "Oh, old Bai, just say what you want to say." B Chong Lan looked at Shu Xining and said, "Dean Shu, do you remember that because this year's dark arts department didn't have any S-level dark arts students, you openly offered an exorbitant price to recruit an S-level dark arts freshman?" Chapter 47 shocks the entire audience and turns the tide. Chu Xianing slightly raised her head, a cold glint flashing in her beautiful eyes. That old bastard by Chong Lin was targeting her again. That S-rank dark elemental abilities student has great potential and is worth recruiting. What's wrong with me offering a higher price? Chu Xi Ning said calmly. A contemptuous smile appeared on by Chongs face. How strong can an S-rank dark elemental ability student be? Moreover, the conditions you offered are SSS rank treatment, a sixth tier combat skill, and a spirit source boundless technique. Isn't that too much of a price to pay? Upon hearing this, all the deans of the departments in the room turned their gazes to Chu Xining, their eyes filled with surprise and doubt. It should be noted that the value of the boundless spirit source technique is almost equivalent to an SSS level treatment. Chu Xining simply spent the resources to recruit two S-level superpower prodigies, but only for one S level dark type superpower student. To everyone else, this was undoubtedly a huge loss. After all, the dark element is already at a disadvantage among the many supernatural ability types. Even if an S-rank student is recruited, what difference will it make? Dean Shu, you're really generous. Your dark element is already weak. So, even if you recruit an S-rank dark element student, it's just self-deception. That's right. Jang Shir from my Thunder Department only enjoys SSS level treatment. What qualifications does she, an S-level dark magic student, have to be compared to Jang Shir? Yes, it seems the vice principal was absolutely right to criticize you in public. Everyone chimed in with their own opinions, pointing and whispering about Chu Xining. Zung Tian and frowned slightly. The resources he had offered when recruiting Such Chun were ones he had agreed to. At the time, Chu Xeneing assured him that recruiting Su Chun, an S level dark elemental ability student, would be the wisest decision, although he didn't care much about it. But B Chong Lin, the vice principal who had a grudge against Chu Xining, finally found an opportunity and spared no effort to suppress her. By Chong Lin was secretly pleased with himself, but on the surface, he put on a serious expression. Dean Shu Xeening, "Is it too much for me to say that you are abusing your power for personal gain?" Shu Xians expression was indifferent. Whatever you think it is, that's what it is. No amount of talking will help. Only by demonstrating his true strength can Sue Chun turn the tide. Since you've admitted it, giving you a punishment and removing you from your position as dean of the dark arts department shouldn't be too much to ask, right? The deans of the departments below the stage looked at each other, and although some wanted to say something, they ultimately chose to remain silent. Bonglin looked at Zungtin and asked, "Principal Zong, what do you think?" Zen Tiann was caught in a dilemma. Just as he was hesitating, there was a knock on the door. "Go in," Ztianin said instinctively. The door slowly opened and the virtual museum s owner strode in going straight to Zong Tanon's side with barely suppressed excitement on his face. Principal Zong, you asked me to keep an eye out for students who broke records and today one of them finally appeared. Zung Tanon's eyes lit up so fast. He originally thought that although the quality of awakening among this year's students was high, it would not be easy to break Mooer s record. He did not expect that someone would do it on only the third day after enrollment. Yes, principal. Who is it? In an instant, the vice principal and the deans of various departments all cast expectant glances, secretly hoping that it was a student from their own department. If so, they would not only receive a reward, but also be able to show off in front of everyone. It's Such Chun from the dark arts department. He achieved a 40-game winning streak in two days with 20 chances each. The virtual hallm announced loudly. These words caused an uproar and everyone's eyes were filled with shock. No one expected that the record-breaker would not be a student from the thunder or fire departments, but an s ranked dark department student. By Chong Leins face instantly turned extremely ugly, while Chu Xinings lips curled into a barely perceptible smile. That kid's really something. Zing Tian and gave Chu Xining a meaningful look, then burst into laughter. Great. Great. Maybe he was matched with a weak opponent and got promoted by luck by Chong Lin was unconvinced and still kept arguing. In his opinion, how could a dark elemental student possibly overpower both lightning and fire elements and break the record first? It must be good luck. Seeing this, Zungtin asked, "Do you have a recording of that kid's last match?" Some the virtual simulation hall owner quickly took out his phone and projected the footage of Su Chin's last match onto the large screen behind him. Everyone turned their attention to the screen. The first character to appear in the scene is Su Chun, followed by Lie Kuang, an S-level firet type ability user from Shanghai. Seeing this, everyone couldn't help but wonder. Lie Kuang was one of the top students in Shanghai. How could Su Chun, a dark elemental student, possibly compete with him? The video continued playing, and Su Chun raised his hand, unleashing a black shadow claw that slammed down. Li Kuang reacted quickly, dodging the attack with a swift movement. Not bad. Li Kuang reacted quickly enough. If he had been hit by that attack, things would have been difficult. No, if this strike lands, Lie Kuang's life will likely be in danger. I think his mastery of the shadow claw has already reached the perfect level. Upon hearing this, many department deans gasped in shock. You know, he has only been awakened for more than 10 days, and he has already cultivated his combat skills to the perfect level. His talent is too terrifying. Zing Tian and waved his hand, signaling everyone to be quiet. Don't talk. Keep watching. The scene continues to unfold. And next, Such Chan unleashes the netherworld shadow claw. Countless black shadow claws gripped Lie Kuang tightly, rendering him unable to move. Li Kuang struggled desperately, but to no avail, and was ultimately killed by Such Chun in one move. When the scene ended, Su Chin's face showed no excitement, only a kingly demeanor. This Such Chin's cultivation level is definitely above the eighth level of the first rank. Otherwise, the Netherpool shadow claw would not have been able to withstand the scorching flames. That's right. Such Chin's cultivation level is definitely not low. The whole battle looked too easy. It's not that Li Kuang is weak, but that Su Chun is too strong. Yes, it's not an exaggeration to give Such Chun, whom Dean Chu Xi Ning recruited, the spirit source boundless technique. I agree. resources should be reserved for the true geniuses. In an instant, most of the deans of the departments present changed their attitudes and expressed their approval and admiration for Such Chun. Chu Xining smiled broadly. She hadn't misjudged him. After all, this kid is even more outrageous than before. She looked up at Bong Lin. Vice Principal Bi, is there anything else you'd like to say? Today, she's going to use her student Such Chun to really show her strength. By Chongs face turned ashen. He never expected that the dark department would produce such a monstrous student. Moreover, Such Sean s cultivation level was definitely at the eighth or even ninth level of the first rank. Otherwise, he could not have defeated Lie Kuang, who was at the sixth level of the first rank so easily. What he found even more unbelievable was that Su Chin's combat skills had actually reached the perfect state. Even so, he refused to admit defeat. I want to see if Such Chin from the dark arts department can turn the tide in tomorrow's departmental resource challenge. As the vice president and dean of the fire department, he had already discussed with Dean Lelay that their two departments would send 60 elite personnel tomorrow. He refused to believe that Such Chin alone could defeat them. You can defeat one S-class. What about three or four? What about all those A-class students with superpowers? Chapter 48. The Dark Elfs twoame winning streak record. vice principal by whether we can turn the tide or not is none of your concern. Chu Xining had a faint smile on her face. Some people always like to worry too much. Be careful not to overwork yourself and shorten your lifespan. Because of her arrival, she ousted the dean of the dark department that By Chong Llin had originally arranged. And afterwards, he kept targeting her in secret. She had tolerated it at first, but now that he was taking advantage of her, she no longer needed to be patient and didn't need to hold back her words. B Chong Leins face instantly turned ashen. How dare Chu Xining speak to him like that. Sensing the tense atmosphere, ZingtiN quickly intervened to smooth things over. All right. All right. Let's leave it at that. Spending two SSS level treatments to recruit Such Chun was definitely worth it. Let's all look forward to tomorrow's resource competition. Meeting adjourned. How could it not be worth it? Such Chun in that scene just now was at least at the eighth level of the first rank. And with his mastery of perfect combat skills, he was absolutely a peerless genius. One in 10,000. Zingten was initially uninterested in tomorrow's opening ceremony and resource challenge. But now he is eagerly anticipating whether the boy named Such Chun can create another miracle on the field. After the principal adjourned the meeting, the deans of various departments whispered among themselves, most of them congratulating Chu Xining on recruiting such a good student as Such Chun. Seeing this, Bong Lin was consumed by jealousy. His eyes turning red. He waved to Jang Dong Ming, the dean of the lay department. Jang Dong Mang strode over. Vice principal Bi, what are your instructions? Are all 30 students from your department who are participating in the resource challenge ready? Vice principal, rest assured they have all been carefully selected and the students are at least Alevel superpowers. Very good. Tell them to seize the time to cultivate. Also ask the deans of other departments if any are willing to challenge the dark arts department. No matter how strong suit is, the dark element department absolutely cannot win tomorrow's resource challenge. Moreover, the more departments that challenge the dark element department, the better and the worse the dark element department will be. This burden is on my shoulders, vice principal. The leader of the lay department, a yak, has already grabbed him by the neck and the other little wolves naturally want a piece of the pie, too. Simply put, the dark arts department is a piece of fat meat. Lightning and fire have already taken a big bite, and other departments will naturally follow suit. Who would complain about having too few resources in their department? Kyoto Jang family. What? Suchin has already achieved a 40-game winning streak, breaking Mushwar's record. Jang Shshire nodded slightly. That's right. I heard that he won 40 games in just two days. Jang Shir fell into deep thought. He had planned to break Mushwear s record by climbing the rankings in the next two days, but Suchin beat him to it. Among the top few freshmen at Kyoto University, he stretched his limbs, a hint of fighting spirit flashing in his eyes. He had to take the afternoon's duel seriously. Prepare that S-rank lightning type spearman and the S-rank dark type armor for me. Although Such Chu is very strong, he comes from a small place and his soldiers and armor are definitely not as good as mine. Using certain methods to achieve victory is understandable. Okay, boss. I'll get ready right away. By the way, the five beauties among this year's freshmen that you asked me to investigate, each one is top-notch. One of them has looks and temperament comparable to Moowear. Jang Jia's eyes lit up when he talked about women. Jang Shir also became interested. Tell me about that woman who is comparable to Mooshwear. That woman's name is Lu Ching Shua. She has an S-rank ice type ability. And like Mushware is a stunningly beautiful woman with an icy demeanor. Not bad. Since I can't have Mushware, then this Luo Ching Shua from a small place. Maybe if I use a little trick, she will obediently throw herself into my arms. Jang Shir's lips curled into a disdainful smile. Many aloof women are just putting on an act to increase their social standing. Once he reveals his true identity, many women will flock to him. Of course, boss, you are so powerful and doineering. Jang Jia quickly flattered. Go down. And while you're at it, let me announce my duel with Su Chun this afternoon. How could he fight his first battle at the Kyoto Ability Academy without an audience? Let all the freshmen see how he defeated Su Chan, who had a 40-game winning streak. Such Chan when he is at his most powerful will truly highlight his strength. What rise of the dark element. They just haven't met Thor Jang Shir yet. All right, young master. I'll go do it right away. Jang Jia accepted the order and left. Kyoto Ability Academy second year virtual simulation hall. Sister Schwearer, the record you set last year in your freshman year has already been surpassed by someone right after the start of this semester. Jang Lure said with a grin as he moved closer to Mushware. Mushed her slightly raised her eyes, her gaze calm. Is it Jang Shir? No, he's a prodigy from out of town named Su Chun, an S-rank dark elemental student. An S-rank dark type ability? Yeah, I heard he got 40 consecutive wins in two days and is about to reach the top. This kid is something else. He has half of my glory days. Mooer rolled her eyes at him. Stop trying to make yourself look good. He I was just joking. I'm just a little curious. Sister Schwear, if you and he were the same age, who would be more powerful? Jang Lu scratched his head and asked. Mushwear and narrowed her eyes slightly. Who's stronger? Although her winning streak was only 39 games back then, she felt that if she were the same age as Sue Chun, she would still be slightly better. After all, she didn't want to attract too much attention at the time, which is why she only achieved a 39game winning streak. Now, she has achieved a 54ame winning streak on the 100 school leaderboard in her sophomore year. As for who is stronger or weaker, it is impossible to know. Such Chun is a freshman and with a year's difference in cultivation time, the difference in realm is not so easy to make up for unless Such Chin cultivates rapidly and skips a grade to the second year of university, but that's obviously impossible. After thinking it over, she said, "Strong or not isn't something you can just talk about. Let's go climb the tower. W I know, sis." Jeanglers stuck out her tongue helplessly and happily crawled into the virtual simulation pod. Afternoon to Anuan. You're amazing. You're already at the third level of the first rank. Such Chin's eyes were full of surprise and affection. After returning home and taking a nap, I woke up to find that Shiao Anuan had advanced to another level and had grown a bit bigger. He was increasingly looking forward to seeing how powerful he would become after Tuantoan possessed him. Now, Shiao Anuan is his biggest trump card. After tomorrow's resource challenge ends, he will go to the bloodbull demon cave to test the effects of possession. With the dark elf support, he wanted to see just how far the limits were. Hearing Su Chin's praise, Towanchuan happily rubbed her face against his, then waved her little hand. A dense dark element surged around Su Chun, and a dark crescent moon appeared above his head. Chapter 49. Su Chun versus Jang Shir. Suchin looked up at the sky and asked, "What is that moon?" Ding. The dark elf, capable of both support and offense, is currently casting its newly learned dark type skill on you. This skill allows you to continuously draw upon energy from the bright moonlight on moonlit nights. Moonlight, blast them away. Upon hearing the system notification, Suchin couldn't help but blurt out, "Wow, this first skill is already so powerful. Simply put, with this skill, the source energy at night is almost inexhaustible." Suchin quickly and gently placed the remaining shadow crystals and shadow pills made from shadow grass into his storage ring. He then handed the storage ring to Tuanchuan and said, "This is full of delicious food for you. Eat as much as you like. Raising Tuanchuan is absolutely worthwhile. Tuanchin has already demonstrated powerful support abilities. If it were to enter its growth stage and transform into its attack form, how powerful would it be?" With this in mind, Such Chin secretly made up his mind that raising a daughter was an urgent matter. If he doesn't eat, Tuantoan has to. Immediately afterwards, Such Chan gently called out, causing Tuanchuin to return to the crescent moon mark on his hand. He looked out the window again. It's time to keep my appointment. He never forgot the match against Jang Shir. In stark contrast to the deserted state of the previous days, the arena was bustling with people today, even somewhat crowded. Jang Shir sent people to promote the event extensively. And with the upcoming showdown between Su Chun and Jang Shir, two renowned figures at Kyoto University, the popularity of the place soared, and it became extremely crowded. Brothers, I heard that Su Chun, the guy who's got a 40game winning streak, is going to have a fierce match with Jang Shir. Is this news true or false? That's definitely true. My girlfriend dressed up as the black and white duo at the hotel and asked me to come with her, but I didn't go. I came here specifically to watch the ultimate showdown between these two S-class prodigies. Bro, you're awesome. But who do you think has a better chance of winning this match? I think Jang sure is more powerful. He has strong lightning abilities, so he can definitely achieve a 40game winning streak easily. Indeed, S-rank lightning abilities are no joke. But as for S-rank dark abilities, it seems that no particularly outstanding experts have emerged yet. Hearing the chatter of the crowd around him, Jang Shir smiled slightly and stroed confidently into the arena. These people have a pretty good eye, they were able to recognize my formidable strength. Hey Sher, look. Two stunning beauties from the freshman class have come to watch the game. Jang Jia reminded Jang Shir while pointing to Xiai Yao and another girl who were looking around in the distance. Jang Shir looked in the direction Jang Jia was pointing. A glint of light flashing in his eyes. Not bad. With the attention and support of a beautiful woman, I will go all out in this match and try my best to defeat Such Chun within 10 moves so that everyone can see my strength. This ultimate showdown between the strongest will undoubtedly attract even more attention from women as the question of who will emerge victorious will surely draw the attention of many. What woman doesn't like a strong and charismatic man? Jang Shir straightened his clothes and stroed confidently onto the stage. Immediately a burst of enthusiastic cheers erupted from the audience and everyone's eyes were focused on him. Meanwhile, the referee with a fawning expression bowed and scraped before Jang Shir saying respectfully, "Young Master Jang." Jang Shir waved his hand gently, "No need for formalities. This is the special treatment he enjoys as the second young master of the Jang family in Kyoto. How could Such Chun, an unknown nobody, compare to him?" Suchin walked in unhurriedly at the entrance of the arena. Although there were some cheers, they were significantly less enthusiastic than when Jang Shir made his entrance. Xiai Ya Yao felt displeased upon seeing this scene. She pulled out a super duper large megaphone and blared it at the top of her lungs. Such Chun is awesome. Such Chun is the strongest. The loudspeaker sound swept through the entire venue like a powerful storm, attracting everyone's attention. Hearing Xiai Yaoa s cheers, Such Chin looked up at her and gave her a big thumbs up. Xiai Yao smiled smugly and raised her head proudly. Turning his gaze away, Such Chin stepped onto the arena and said calmly, "Come on, let's begin." He never expected the tournament to be such a grand affair with so many people attending. It was probably all thanks to Jang Shir's extensive publicity. Your Suchin Jang Shir looked such up and down. Is there a problem? No problem, but you've successfully angered me. A flash of scarlet lightning appeared in Jang Shirs eyes. Just now, Xiaoa cheered for Su Chan so enthusiastically. It seems that the relationship between the two of them is quite special. As long as he can completely defeat Su Chun and make him lose face in front of everyone, Xi Yao will surely realize her own strength and excellence. Are you an idiot? Are you out of your mind? When did I ever offend you? If you're going to fight, then fight properly and stop talking nonsense. Suchin couldn't help but curse. He really didn't understand why Jang Shir would inexplicably say that he had angered him. Very well, I will show absolutely no mercy today. I will end this match within 10 moves. Then he looked at the referee and shouted, "You may begin." The referee nodded quickly and announced loudly, "The match begins now." However, just a fraction of a second after the referee finished speaking, a dark black shadow claw resembling the claw of a giant dragon instantly appeared above Jang Shir's head, howling as it viciously grabbed at him. So fast, Jang Shir was startled. He never expected Su Chin's attack speed to be so fast. So fast that he barely had time to react. The attack with his S class shadow armor. With this powerful armor that resists dark elements, it should be able to easily withstand such chines attacks. Boom! To the ground by the powerful shadow claw. His clothes were completely shattered by the powerful impact, leaving only his shadow armor. However, shockingly, the shadow armor was already covered with countless cracks. Jang Shir stared in astonishment at the shadow guard armor on his body. "This Sg-rade shadow guard armor is so rubbish. Did I buy a fake? How could it get so many cracks after just one swipe?" He slowly raised his head and looked at Such Chan. In that instant, Such Sean s aura was revealed without reservation. Second order, fourth level. Jang Shir, who was already astonished, was completely stunned. Who am I? Where am I? How did Such Chan reach the fourth level of the second tier? No wonder that claw strike was so powerful, it even caused cracks in the S-rank shadow armor. I never expected that Such Chan was hiding his strength so well. His strength far exceeded my expectations. It's like he's cheating. My goodness. Is this really Such Chan? Could it be that Su Chu hired a substitute player? This is Such Chin himself, but how come his cultivation level is already at the fourth level of the second tier? Are we really freshman in the same year? This is outrageous. It's one thing that he's at a high cultivation level, but his shadow claw is actually at the perfected stage. Could he be bound to a system? Go to hell with this system? Have you been reading too many novels? You're just thinking about unrealistic things. The faces of the entire audience were filled with shock and bewilderment. He's jumping around. We're both freshmen. So why is Such Chin so much stronger? Is he trying to kill us all? He's a monster. Chapter 50. The battle between equipment and monsters on the arena. Suchin looked at Jang Shir who was completely astonished and said with a hint of teasing, "You scared me. I thought you were really going to kill me in 10 moves." Great shadow armor Jang Shir was wearing. He would have already been carried off the stage and lost his ability to fight. Jang Shirs face was full of anger. Such Chan, you haven't won yet. This match isn't over. He struggled to his feet, wanting to continue the battle which was nearing its end. On this stage where everyone is watching, how could he so easily admit defeat? His pride wouldn't allow him to do so. Why not just admit defeat sooner? Why make things worse for yourself? Such Chin shook his head slightly in confusion, then raised his hand again and slammed the shadow claw down hard from above Jang Shir's head. Lightning flash. His body instantly transformed into a bolt of lightning, quickly dodging the attack. Then take a look at your upper part. Almost at the same moment Jang Shir dodged, another shadow claw descended from the sky and struck him directly. With a loud bang, Jang Shir's extremely expensive Smin minus grade shadow armor could no longer withstand the powerful attack and shattered completely like fragile glass with fragments flying everywhere. Jang sure fell heavily to the ground. His body curled up, his face full of pain, and he lost the ability to resist. Just admit defeat in the game sooner and go home to your mothers. Suchin looked down at Jang Shir like a cold-blooded monarch. A hint of madness flashed in Jang Shir's eyes as he pulled out another S minus grade shadow armor and quickly put it on. So what if you have a higher cultivation level? This shadow guard armor worth hundreds of millions can still withstand your attacks. He refused to believe that Su Chun was strong in other aspects besides having a high cultivation level and proficiency with the shadow claw. As long as Suchin only knows this one move, he still has a chance to win. Suchin was silent for a few seconds. Over 100 million for one piece. He just smashed something worth 200 million. Damn it. I hate rich people like you the most. 200 million? That's enough to buy a lot of food for toin to eat for several months. This time, Su Chun was truly enraged. Netherworld shadow claw. A punch slammed heavily into the ground, instantly plunging the entire arena into a dark shadowy abyss. What? What is this? Jang Shir was filled with terror, his body crackling with lightning as he tried to resist the terrifying attack. However, huge shadow claws emerged from the demon pool, grabbed him, and dragged him forcefully into the pool. Admit defeat or you'll be reduced to bones. The thought of this spinthrift coming to fight him with armor worth hundreds of millions made him furious. Damn it, if you have too much money, give me some. Jang Shir felt countless ghostly claws dragging him little by little into the demonic pool and his body trembled involuntarily. I surrender. I surrender. He finally couldn't help but shout. What's more important than life? Face is nothing. If you're alive, you'll be shameless. With a wave of his hand, Such Chun caused the shadow demon pool to vanish instantly. He even cursed. Why didn't you just admit defeat earlier? You damn Spenthrift. Now that he has to Anuan, what he hates most is this kind of spinthrift son. Then he looked at the still shocked referee and said, announcing victory. The referee paused for two seconds before recovering, clearing his throat and loudly proclaiming, "Soon Chin wins." Upon hearing this, Such Chin walked off the stage. The match was over, so there was no need for him to stay. Compared to the deserted audience before Su Chin's appearance, the audience was now in a frenzy with thunderous applause and deafening shouts. What do you mean by strong lightning element? What do you mean by Jang Shir being a scion of a top family in Kyoto? In front of Such Chan, they're all just a pile of dog I thought it would be a battle between strong people, but it turned out to be a battle between equipment and monsters. Jang Shir only managed to hold on for a couple of moves because of his equipment. While Such Chun is a monster who said dark magic is weak. Immediately, various discussions arose one after another and Such Chin's popularity rose to another level. On the arena, Jang Shir watched Su Chin's departing figure, his face filled with resentment. This cheer, this glory should have belonged to him. Although he accepted his defeat wholeheartedly, the resentment in his heart grew wildly like weeds. He secretly vowed in his heart. He would catch up with Su Chun and avenge his humiliation. Since I can't compete in terms of cultivation level, I'll just raise my ability level. His ancestor from the Jang family had told him long ago that there was a lightning type secret realm containing a lightning pool. Jumping into it and tempering for 49 days might raise his S level lightning type ability by one level, but it was a matter of life and death. He didn't choose to go then, but now he had no other choice. He will come back for revenge. Such Chen, can you tell me about your cultivation secrets? Xiao stepped down from the audience seats, her eyes filled with longing. For the past 10 days or so, she has been working hard to cultivate, spending day and night in the cultivation room. But unfortunately, her cultivation level has only reached the fourth level of the first rank. On the other hand, Such Chun, whom I met today, has already reached the fourth level of the second tier. She would never believe it if there wasn't a cultivation manual. There are no cultivation secrets. It's just the result of my hard work day and night. Xi Yao rolled her eyes at Such Chan, her heart filled with dissatisfaction. Hard work. She spends 20 hours a day in the cultivation room, and he actually has the nerve to compare his hard work with her. Hump. Comparing yourself to others is just awful. Why compare yourself to me? You're already very impressive for your age, Su Chin said softly, trying to comfort you. Hearing Su Chins words of comfort, Xi Yao Yao felt a little better. That's true. Why bother comparing yourself to a monster like Such Chun? That's just asking for trouble. He trampled all the geniuses in the capital under his feet, let alone him. Feeling better now? If you are, I'll take you out to eat. I'd like to try the cafeteria at Kyoto Ability Academy. That's plenty. How could you possibly treat me? I'll treat you. Shiao Chenzi. All right. All right, then. I'm going to fleece you. Su Chan smiled faintly and just as he and Xi Yaoa took a few steps outside, Chu Xini Ning walked over with a smile on her face. Such Chun, you've been hiding your true colors. Well, Chu Xining said with a light laugh. She had been following the challenge between Su Chun and Jang Shir since she learned about it not long ago. She was not surprised when Suchin won, but she was surprised by Such Chin's level of skill. second tier, fourth level. The highest level ever reached in the history of the Dragon Kingdom, which is tomorrow's start of the school year, is first tier, eighth level, while Su Chun is second tier, fourth level. It's easy to imagine how valuable Such Chin's current second tier, fourth level is. This can be described as breaking history. In this prestigious academy in Kyoto, where geniuses abound, how can one not have some hidden treasures? Actually, he's only hiding a tiny bit of it. He hasn't even shown his natal spirit weapon into Anchuin yet. Chu Xining shook her head and smiled faintly. You, it was really worth it to recruit you at such a high price back then. This angel investors investment was incredibly successful. Chapter 51 departmental resource challenge freshman ceremony. He he reap what you seow. By the way, teacher Chu, I'd like to discuss something with you. H what is it? That's right. I want to skip a grade and go to sophomore year. Do you think that's possible? In his freshman year were no longer a problem for him. He longed to go to the world of sophomore year where there were stronger opponents and he could hone his will and strength even more. Chuining frowned slightly. Skip a grade to be a sophomore. She repeated it as if to make sure she hadn't misheardd. Yes, I want to spar with geniuses of the same or higher realm. Only by constantly challenging those of higher realms can I prove myself. Chu Xining bit her lips slightly, quickly analyzing the pros and cons in her mind. After a long silence, she slowly spoke. Have you really thought this through? In your freshman year, with your abilities, you can easily take over a lot of the college's resources, and you're sure to win the championship in the upcoming 100 schools league, reaping both honor and reward. If you skip to your sophomore year, not to mention the issues of ranking and resources, your level in the upcoming 100 schools league will probably fall behind and your ranking will plummet. Although Such Chin's cultivation level was already quite high in his freshman year, he still had a year less of cultivation time compared to sophomores. Sophomores have already reached the fifth level of the third rank, and the gap between them is not small. In the path of cultivation, the further you go, the slower the rate of improvement becomes. Catching up in a short period of time is no easy feat. I've thought it all through. Professor Chu, I want to go to the second year. Pressure is a motivator. Seeing Su Chin's resolute decision, Chu Xining softly. All right, since you've put it that way, I won't object. However, skipping a grade isn't something that can be done with a simple word. You need to challenge three random students from the top 1,000 sophomores within this month. Only if you succeed can you skip to the sophomore year. Kyoto Ability Academy has always allowed students to skip grades. But so far, no one has succeeded because the skip grade challenge can only begin within one month of enrollment. This means that Such Chan, as a freshman, must defeat the top 1,000 sophomores within this month. The difficulty of skipping grades is hellish. Such Chan pondered to himself, should he challenge three randomly selected students from the top 1,000 of the sophomores within a month? This may seem quite difficult, but it's not impossible to complete. Currently, the top 1,000 students in their second year are mostly at the third level of the third rank. If he only needs to advance to the third rank within this month, he will be very confident in completing the challenge. Thank you, teacher. I understand. Are you still insisting on skipping a grade? Chu Xining originally thought that such a difficult task would make Such Chin back down, but she didn't expect that the boy would accept it without hesitation. Yes, teacher Chu, don't worry. Even if I skip a grade, I will never forget your kindness and teaching me. Chu Xining raised her head slightly, a faint smile appearing on her lips. That's not necessary. I'll still be your teacher in your second year. There was a hint of mystery in her tone. Suchin narrowed his eyes slightly. Could it be that Chu Xi Ning is the dean of the dark arts department in her second year? I must check it out when I have time. Stop overthinking. Come find me within this month when you're ready, and I'll help you start the level skipping challenge," Chu Xining said with a smile, seemingly seeing through Su Chen's thoughts. "She was actually secretly hoping that this kid could break the record of Kyoto Ability Academy. Historically, many students have skipped grades, but none of them have succeeded. Understood. Now it's lunchtime. Teacher, shall we have a meal together? Chu Xining shook her head. I've transferred 2,000 credits to your card. I have other things to do. Focus on your training, and I look forward to you setting another record. By Chong Lean's attack on her was all thanks to this kid's unintentional help. Suchin scratched his head, feeling puzzled. Why would Teacher Chu give him 2,000 credits for no reason? At this moment, Xiaoa suddenly appeared in front of Such Chun, waving her hand in front of him. Such Chin, you're not being kept by a sugar daddy, are you? Go away. Don't talk nonsense. Suchin glared at Xi Yao Yao in annoyance. Who knows if I'll give you money for no reason? Xi Yao Yao pouted, paused for a few seconds, and then asked curiously. Are you really planning to skip a year and go to your second year of university? That's right. People should always have ideals. Salted fish is for lazy people. Does that mean I'll never see you again? It's not like we're going to die. How could we not see each other? You're as stupid as a pig. She Yao Yaos eyes lit up. That's right. It's not like we'll never see each other again. Let's go then. I want to eat shrimp. I want to eat fish. Excitedly, she grabbed Su Chin's hand and ran towards the cafeteria of the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy. If someone isn't proactive in their work, there's something wrong with their thinking. The rice cooker is so enthusiastic. He keeps chirping and chirping. The night was as dark as ink. Vice Dean by tomorrow's resource challenge is going to be a bit tricky. Jang Dongings face was gloomy and a hint of worry was in his eyes. After the duel between Su Chun and Jang Shir from the dark arts department ended in the afternoon, the entire freshman class was discussing the name Such Chun. There was no way around it. Such Chun was simply too dazzling. Even Jang Shir, who was hailed as the pride of this year's great heaven, could only barely withstand a few moves against him thanks to his battle armor. was like an insurmountable mountain in front of all the freshmen, inspiring awe and fear. B Chong Lin naturally knew about Su Chin's situation that afternoon. He originally thought that Su Chin's cultivation level was at most the ninth level of the first rank, but he didn't expect that he had actually reached the fourth level of the second rank. How could students from other departments not be in awe of such a level of skill? It's all right. How many departments have you joined forces with? Originally, it was your Thunderfire department and me, plus three other departments, but the sword department just said it was giving up because of Su Chin's cultivation level. So now there are four departments in total," Jang Dong Ming said truthfully. By Chong Lllin fell into thought, "For departments, that's 120 people. No matter how powerful Su Chen is or how high his cultivation level is, it is impossible for him to challenge 120 students by himself. As for the other students in the dark faction, he had investigated them and found that they were all mediocre. That's enough. Let those students purchase armor that resists dark elements if they have the means. If they win the resource competition tomorrow, I will reward them handsomely. A ruthless glint flashed in by Chongs eyes. No matter what, the dark arts department would not have an easy time. Chu Xinings act of making him look bad in public. And the fact that the dark arts department s resources will be completely taken away tomorrow will be his best revenge. The latest rumors circulating among freshmen that Su Chun is invincible, that no one can defeat him, will all be shattered by his own hands tomorrow. Jang Donging nodded. Vice, I'll go and give the order right away. He turned and left and the room returned to silence with only the sound of the wind whistling softly in the darkness outside the window. The next day, the entrance ceremony for the 250th freshman class of Kyoto Ability Academy was a lively and exciting event. At the school gate, a sign read, "Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy. I'm here." Chapter 52. Xiao Tinys regret at reaching the top of the list. Luo Ching Shiu stood before the gates of the Kyoto Ability Academy. The previously dim light in her eyes gradually brightened. Although the Luo family had become impoverished, her expression did not reveal much sadness. Compared to the tiresome backstabbing and intrigue among family factions, she longed for the freedom, unrestrained moments of solitude where no one paid attention. She walked into the registration area and began to complete the enrollment procedures. The surrounding noise was deafening and many of the topics revolved around one name, Suchun. Upon hearing the name Such Chan, Luo Chingshua unconsciously pursed her red lips slightly. She took out her phone and logged into the official website of Kyoto Ability Academy. What greeted her eyes was a series of trending headlines about Su Chun. As Su Chun achieves 40 consecutive victories, overwhelms Jang Shir, the top freshman at Kyoto Superpower Academy, and can Su Chun turn the tide in the departmental resource challenge. Looking at these overwhelming reports, a bitter smile appeared on Luo Chingshua's face. From beginning to end, the one who was unworthy of Such Chun was the Luo family, and it was Luo Chingua herself. She sighed softly and turned off her phone. Virtual simulation hall. Such Chan finished the steamed bun in his hand in big bites, clapped his hands, and went inside. Upon entering, one sees a large group of people gathered inside, seemingly waiting for something, their faces filled with anticipation and excitement. Why are these people playing ma jang instead of attending their graduation ceremony? Such Chun muttered under his breath. Such Chun is here, brothers. Suddenly, someone in the crowd shouted. In an instant, almost everyone's eyes turned to the doorway. Wow, I'm finally here. Do you think I'll be able to reach the summit today? Of course. reaching the fourth level of the second tier right at the start of freshman year. That kind of strength is something I wouldn't even dare to dream of. Listening to the crowd's discussion, Suchin finally understood that everyone had gathered here to wait for him. That makes sense. Opening ceremonies are boring and tedious, just going through the motions and listening to a few lectures. How can they compare to the excitement and fun he gets here by overcoming challenges? Just then, a student approached with a curious look on his face. Susan, can you get 60 consecutive wins today? Probably, maybe, probably, perhaps. After saying that, he walked into the virtual simulation pod next to him and officially began the challenge. As he entered the simulation chamber, the students who had been watching immediately swarmed around him like a tide. Inside the virtual simulation pod, a system notification sounded, "Start the challenge." Yes. Immediately afterwards, announcements of victory came one after another with each battle ending in less than a minute. When Such Chun achieved his 54th consecutive victory, he was matched with Xiao Yun, who was currently ranked number one on the list of 100 schools, the Magic City Superpower Academy. When Xiao Yun appeared on the arena, he was stunned when he saw the golden 53 win streak symbol above Su Chin's head. 53 winning streak. But I've never heard of any powerful force with the surname Su and Kyoto. He gripped his spear, clasped his hands slightly in greeting, and said, "Suuch Chun, it's a pleasure to meet you. No need to be so polite. Let's get started." "All right, then." Xiao Yin responded, his aura suddenly surging. He thrust his spear forward and appeared behind Su Chun in the next second. "Watch out! Your special ability is quite good." Before the battle began, he used his detection skill to learn that Xiao Yuns special ability was Srank, spear piercing the void. Simply put, Xiao Yun can instantly appear anywhere the moment he swings his spear, similar to the ability to teleport. Bite. After a crisp sound, Su Chin's shadow shield activated instantly. Seeing this, Xiao Yans eyes flashed with surprise. This shouldn't be the case. My spear strike contained powerful supernatural energy coupled with the cloud-piercing strike technique. This seemingly ordinary shadow shield can't possibly withstand it. He looked up and carefully sensed Su Chen's aura. When he realized that Su Chan was at the fourth level of the second tier, he finally understood the reason. Second tier, fourth level. No wonder my shot combining my special ability and combat skills couldn't even break through his novice shadow shield. Suchin looked at Xiao Yun and said calmly, "Do you think there's any need to continue the competition?" "Yes, I, Ziao Yun, would rather be defeated than surrender." Xiao Yian abruptly retracted his spear and retreated to a distance, shouting. Nine spears combined into one. He brandished his spear, and countless phantom spears appeared before him, eventually merging into one. He tensed the muscles in his right arm, exerted a sudden force, and thrust the spear forward. With the aid of his superpower, he instantly appeared in front of Su Chun and his spear slammed heavily into the shadow shield. Click. A few fine cracks appeared on the shadow shield, but other than that, nothing else happened. Brother, you're already pretty good. But unfortunately, you've run into me today. Suchin quickly formed hand seals, instant shadow killing array. In an instant, the dark elements surged wildly, gathering together like a black tide, gradually forming a huge shadow-killing array. Seeing this, Xiao Yin quickly swung his spear. Using his spear through the void ability to return to a distance, shouting, "You can't touch me. Then you might as well take a closer look." The shadow killing array was fully formed. The entire arena was plunged into darkness. centered on Xiao Yun. Shadows formed from dark elements appeared in eight directions around him. Ziao Yians eyes were somewhat solemn. He tried again to use spearpiercing the void to leave, but to his horror, he found that he could not move an inch. Is this a restrictive combat technique? Xiaoan guessed, but quickly shook his head. No, it's not a restrictive combat technique, but rather a control method similar to an array. With enough power, one can break through it. Unfortunately, the gap between our cultivation levels is too great. I simply don't have that kind of power. He looked up at Such Chun, a mixture of helplessness and admiration on his face. A prodigy. The next second, the shadowkilling formation was activated, and the eight shadows attacked simultaneously, their shadow daggers flashing like black lightning across Ziao Yians body. Xiao Yun felt a sudden darkness before his eyes and was eliminated by the system. Congratulations to Such Chun for successfully reaching the top. Would you like to continue the challenge? Let's continue. Now that we're here, let's just go for 60 consecutive wins. The Magic City Superpower Academy. Xiao Yun walked out of the virtual simulation pod with a dejected expression. Having reached the eighth level of the first rank within just over 10 days of starting school and possessing formidable S-rank superpowers, he has always been an invincible figure. However, today facing Such Chun, he was utterly powerless to fight back. Seeing his closed- dooror disciple Xiao Yun looking so dejected, Ziao Tian Yin couldn't help but wonder, "Youner, what's wrong? Did you encounter a formidable opponent and lose the match?" Ziao Yian nodded slowly. "Yes, I won the first 19 matches in a row, but in the last match, I encountered a player named Su Chun, and I lost badly. I failed my teacher's teachings." Upon hearing the name Su Chan, Xiaoan Yin paused for a few seconds, then asked, "Who did you say?" Such Chan, "What's wrong, teacher? Is he a dark type ability user?" Tall and handsome. "Yes, teacher. Do you know him?" Xiao Yun was even more puzzled. Ziao Tian shook his head with a rice smile. It's more than just knowing him. I really didn't recognize his talent. Chapter 53. Seeing Su Chun is like an ant looking up at the sky. Teacher, I don't quite understand what you're saying," Xiaoy said, his eyes full of confusion. Tian Yin sighed deeply. "When we were recruiting new students ahead of schedule, I was personally in charge of recruiting Such Chan. It's just a pity that I couldn't bring him to our academy." Upon hearing his teacher's words, Xiaoin suddenly realized the truth and exclaimed, "No wonder you said you were blind to a treasure. Such Chun is indeed a rare genius or even a prodigy. I always considered myself to be top tier in terms of cultivation speed. But when I faced his second tier, fourth level strength, I truly understood what it meant to be an ant looking up at the heavens. Sigh. Ziao Tan Yian sighed deeply. But suddenly, as if realizing something, he asked, "Wait, what did you say? Second tier, fourth level." He originally thought that Su Chan could defeat Xiao Yun. And at most, he was at the ninth or 10th level of the first rank. But Xiao Yian actually said that Su Chun was at the fourth level of the second rank. Yes, teacher. I'm also very curious about how he cultivated so quickly. Ziao Tinys face was filled with a bitter smile, and he felt increasingly regretful. He had once confidently declared that cultivation was not something to be judged solely by temporary speed. But now, reality had delivered a harsh slap in the face. Suchin's cultivation speed was not just temporary. It was beyond imagination and it was getting faster and faster. He couldn't help but recall that the admission benefits Chu Xene Ning had offered Su Chun were something he could also provide. If Such Chun had been recruited to the Shanghai Superpower Academy back then, the academy would have had an unparalleled genius. But now everything is lost. Thinking about the upcoming 100 schools league, the freshman s chances of competing are slim. With Such Chin around, who can challenge this king of freshmen? Who dares to challenge him? Wow, that kid is really outrageous. Don't worry, teacher. I will do my best to catch up with him, and I will definitely not let you down. Xiao Yians eyes were full of fighting spirit. Hearing Xiao Yun say that, Ziao Tian felt a little better. Good lad, you have ambition. Come on, I'll teach you the next spear technique. Inside the virtual simulation cabin. Congratulations to Su Chun for achieving a 60game winning streak, breaking the freshman record once again. Since you have used up your challenge chances for today, we will now force you to exit the game. Such Chin first returned to the control room of the virtual simulation pod and then walked out of the virtual simulation pod. Thump, thump, thump. Three deep chimes rang out, announcing the new king's ascension to the throne. It's out. My god, 60 consecutive wins in just 3 days to reach the top. Is that even humanly possible? It's simply beyond the reach of ordinary players. 666. I worked hard for a whole semester to reach the 100,000th place, and you're telling me you cleared the top 100 university rankings in just 3 days? In an instant, cries of agony rose and fell among the crowd? Suchan stretched and loosened his muscles before heading off to the opening ceremony. Just going through the motions. Susan, you've already achieved a 60-game winning streak and reached the top. Don't you have anything to say? A student standing nearby asked curiously. There's nothing to say. If I really have to say something, it's that I've shown you through testing that to go from being ranked in the top million to the number one spot on the list of top 100 schools, you only need 3 days and a 54 game winning streak. After saying that, Such Chen turned and left. For a moment, the surrounding students were stunned and speechless. Seriously, is that something a human would say? If I could achieve a 54 game winning streak, my 108-year-old grandma could go clubbing with male models. Yeah, Such Chin is such a showoff. He's driving me crazy. What the hell? Is this what you call faking it? If I had his strength, I'd be showing off my cultivation level every second. You guys are too narrow-minded. If I had his strength, I would announce my second tier fourth level on the loudspeaker every day and clear the 100 schools ladder ranking in 3 days. If I have the strength, but don't show off. What's the point of me working hard to cultivate? The opening ceremony was held under bright sunshine and with a gentle breeze. Tens of thousands of students stood neatly on the playground like a black ocean. President Zing Tiann stood on the podium and the deans of various departments also sat to the side. Welcome to all the outstanding talents from all over the country to join our Kyoto Ability Academy. We hope you can thrive here, make continuous progress, and become powerful figures in the future to protect our common motherland. Principal Zong Tanons voice was loud and powerful, echoing across the playground. Many students eyes sparkled with anticipation, brimming with vitality and energy. I won't waste any more words. According to the usual practice of my Kyoto Ability Academy, you students still have one more chance to change your department. For example, if you are an ice type ability user but are skilled at using long swords, you can apply to transfer to the sword type department. Now, please proceed in an orderly fashion to the faculty member next to me to complete the procedures for changing your department. As soon as the principal finished speaking, many students were eager to try and step forward. Large and small departments each have their own advantages, but most students still tend to choose the large departments. The saying, "It's good to have a big tree to lean on," is perfectly exemplified here. Among the students who transfer departments, those from the dark arts, earth arts, and water arts departments were the most numerous. These elementalists have relatively weak abilities, and they don't want to lose too badly in the upcoming interdep departmental competition, so they choose to transfer to other weapon departments. Tsksk Professor Chu, not many students transferred out of your dark arts department this year. That's all thanks to Such Chin from your department. The dean of the ICE department smiled and said to Chu Xining of the dark department. We really owe it all to him. Many students are unwilling to switch majors because the dark department has a powerful figure like Su Chun, which makes them feel that there is still a glimmer of hope in the resource challenge. It must be said that the stronger a person is, the greater their influence will be. Looking at by Chong Lin, his face was rather gloomy and unpleasant. Vice principal by I just received several transfer applications from students in your department of thunder of the gun department spoke slowly and deliberately seemingly with a hint of shot and frea. It's normal for many students to like guns by Chong Lin said trying to appear calm. I don't think so. They're probably just wary of Su Chin's strength in the dark element. Dean Jang, please don't overthink it. This is just a normal transfer of majors. Although by Chonglin said this, he was extremely angry inside. In previous years, the department of thunder was a large department in the university with a large number of students and strong academic strength. This year, however, students from the lightning department are transferring out one after another. All because of Such Chun from the dark department. However, he quickly calmed down and realized it was no big deal. You, Such Chun, have always been called a god, but just one failure is enough to bring you down from your pedestal. People always like to create gods, but once a god has a flaw, they will destroy him without mercy. Today's resource challenge is the beginning of Su Chen's downfall. Great. This year's resource challenge is getting more and more interesting. Principal Zing Tianan, who was standing to the side, smiled with satisfaction as he listened to the curator's report on Su Chin's ascent to the summit. This year's resource challenge has become increasingly interesting because of Such Chin's presence. Will the dark arts department be snatched up by other departments as in previous years? Or will Such Chun be able to turn the tide and reverse the situation single-handedly? Chapter 54. The Five War Zones departmental challenge begins. Before long, the departmental transfer process was completed smoothly, and students from each department returned to their respective groups in an orderly manner. Everyone quieted down. Zung Tn waved his hand downwards, making a gesture of urgency. The previously noisy and bustling crowd instantly fell silent. I think everyone understands the significance of the upcoming departmental resource challenge, right? The world is far from being as peaceful and simple as you imagine. The harsh reality tells us that all resources are not obtained out of thin air, but must be plundered and fought for by ourselves. Our Kyoto Ability Academy also follows this rule of survival. Are you content to be a small fish scavenging for scraps in the mud? Or do you dare to be a ferocious beast that roars through the mountains and forests and enjoys its prey all to itself? Now, answer me with your battle. Prove that you deserve to acquire resources through your opponent's crushing defeat. Now I announce that this year's departmental resource plundering battle will begin promptly in 1 hour at the 10,000 seat arena. Please leave the arena in an orderly manner. This impassion speech ignited the fighting spirit within every student present. There has never been true peace in this world. Brutal battles for territory and resources between monsters and demons are played out every day. A single punch can ward off a hundred. Only by constantly strengthening ourselves can we gain a foothold in this dog eat dog world. The once bustling playground quickly emptied of most of its crowd and students surged toward the 10,000 seat arena like a tidal wave. Suchin stood still, clenching his fist slightly. He would go all out in this battle. Just then, the phone's notification tones sounded at the opportune moment. Suchin took out his phone and saw on the screen, "Chuining dean, the 30 students have now been selected. please arrive promptly and mention Such Chan. Next, she recited the list of 30 people representing the dark arts department in the competition. He turned off his phone and looked down at the baby in his hand. With the nourishment of money over the past few days, this little guy's strength has reached the fourth level of the first rank, advancing by one level almost every day. Its size has also increased from the size of one palm to the size of two palms. Toanin, do you think you'll have a chance to perform today? W. Towanchuan whimpered a few times as if saying, "I want to make my appearance. I want to make my appearance. Don't worry. When it's your turn to shine, you'll be the one to show your skills. You're my biggest trump card." His death size has not yet been shown to the public, and it will be one of his most lethal moves on the field. Such Chun, it's been a long time. Just as he was pondering his game strategy, a familiar yet slightly cold voice entered his ears. Suchin looked up and saw Luo Chingshi standing in front of him. Her face had a haggarded beauty and her temperament was even colder. Haven't seen you for a long time. Such Chan didn't have any particular fondness for Luo Chingshua. They were just acquaintances. Are you going to play in a bit? Um, seeing Such Chin's indifferent attitude, Luo Chingshua remained silent for a few seconds before finally taking out a storage ring from her bosom and handing it to Such Chun. There are five spirit source fruits inside. Thank you for telling those admissions mentors not to look at me differently. No need. The fault lies not with you, but with your father. Luo Chingshua herself did nothing wrong. She was just born into the wrong family. Throughout the entire ordeal, she never uttered a single sarcastic remark. Instead, she apologized repeatedly, proving herself to be a kind and good girl. It's just a pity that her family background is far too complicated and disgusting. Lu Ching Shiua placed the storage ring in Su Chen's hand. These spirit source fruits will allow you to unleash more skills. Hopefully they will be of some help to you. After saying that, she left. Suchin looked at the storage ring in his hand and sighed helplessly. He took out the five spirit fruits and consumed them all. After taking it, the increase in energy allowed him to unleash dark type skills several more times. Suchin walked towards the arena and soon after he stepped inside, he was shocked by the scene before him. The arena was packed with people with no fewer than 50,000 people coming to watch the match. Because the Kyoto Ability Academy had specially built the arena to be extremely spacious in preparation for such a large-scale competition, it could easily accommodate 100,000 people. So, despite the large number of people, there were still plenty of seats available. Brother Chun, you didn't expect this, did you? Hans Shalley skipped over. Holy crap, you actually got into the Kyoto Superpower Academy, too. Suchin looked at Han Shal with surprise. Oh, right. I forgot to tell brother Chin that I possess a B-level ability, stealth. All right. All right. You're really good at hiding things. Now I have someone to keep me company in Kyoto. He I can adventure with brother Chin again. Go away. Go away. What adventure? Come on. Let's find a seat first. Such Chan and Han Shalley casually found two seats and sat down. At this moment, people continued to pour into the entire 10,000 person hall. In addition to students, there were also some heads of various powerful families in Kyoto and even some officers from the central theater command. This resource challenge is an excellent opportunity to select talent. They all hope to find some promising individuals here, sign contracts in advance, and have these talents join their forces or armies to serve them in the future. "Hey guys, is anyone sitting here?" Just as Such Chun and Han Shall sat down, a familiar voice rang out. Nobody's here, Such Chin said casually. Then subtly used his detection skill to investigate Jang Lu. Name: Janglu. Kyoto Kyoto Muja. Special ability rank a illusion of light. Realm level, third tier, third level. Note: The Jang family of Shanghai and the Moo family of Kyoto. Suchin narrowed his eyes slightly. This person must have had a purpose in coming to his side. Junior, I'm getting a little embarrassed by you staring at me like that. Jungl said jokingly. Such Chin's lips twitched slightly. A grown man like you. Why are you being so embarrassed? By the way, could you tell me about the five war zones? Of course, that's no problem. The five war zones are east, south, west, north, and center. And Kyoto is located in the central war zone, mainly responsible for defending against the bloodbull demon cave and the 10,000 beasts mountain range. Each war zone has its own areas that need to be guarded and protected. For example, Shanghai is located in the eastern war zone, so it needs to be guarded against the siren and the golden flame giant scorpion demon cave. Jang Lu explained in detail. Thanks, brother. Such Chin said gratefully. He gained a clearer understanding of the world's gate, Gaju, a concept encompassing overall structure, overall situation, and overall landscape. Although he came from another time, the shape of the Dragon Kingdom's territory is still the same as in his previous life. However, due to the influence of cosmic energy, the area of the entire world is several times larger than in his previous life, and the locations of the five war zones are the same as those of the five war zones in his previous life. It's all right. It's nothing. Jang Lure chuckled. Time slipped away unnoticed, and in the blink of an eye, an hour had passed. Principal Zing TNNN arrived at the central podium. He cleared his throat. Welcome representatives from all the major powers in Kyoto to watch the match. I also want to thank the soldiers of the central theater command for being here. As soon as he finished speaking, a burst of enthusiastic applause erupted from the audience. The applause was thunderous and lasted for a long time. Next up is the Kyoto University Freshman Resource Challenge. The rules are simple. We'll start by drawing the first department. If another department wants to challenge the drawn department, then the resource challenge will officially begin. Now, please look at the big screen. Principal Zing TNNN waved his hand and the huge silver screen at the top of the arena lit up immediately. On the screen, the names of more than 20 departments began to flash and turn. The first department to appear was undoubtedly the most unlucky because the other departments are all in perfect form. Every battle will be a tough one. Chapter 55. Such Chun vs 101 people. The names of various departments flashed on the screen, making countless people's hearts clench with anticipation. Gradually, the screen's movement slowed down and eventually the dark arts department was frozen on the screen. As soon as the result was announced, the atmosphere at the scene instantly became complicated with some people showing joy and others looking worried to see the dark faction make a fool of themselves were naturally delighted. But the one who looked worried was Chu Xi Ning whose brows were furrowed and whose eyes revealed a hint of anxiety. The first department to appear means that they are about to face opponents with their full strength. B Chong Lllin secretly breathed a sigh of relief. This result was exactly what he expected. Only if the dark arts department went first would their department's chances of winning be greatly increased. Upon seeing the result, Zen Tianin first gave by Chong Lin a meaningful look, then cleared his throat. The first to appear is the dark arts department. A maximum of five departments can issue challenges. Departments that wish to challenge, please register now. We, the lightning department, challenge the dark department to a resource advantage. We, the wind department, challenged the dark department for resources. Our blade department challenges the dark department for resources. The three department deans all stood up to sign up. Finally, by Chong Llin stood up unhurriedly and declared, "Our fire department challenges the dark department to a resource challenge. The deans of the four departments stood up in unison, which meant that the dark arts department was about to face a challenge from 120 elite students from the four departments. In that case, all five departments, please get ready. The resource challenge will begin in 10 minutes. After Zing Tiann finished speaking, the deans of each department went to their respective departments preparation areas and began to make tense arrangements. Chu Xianing walked over with a solemn expression from the dark arts department s preparation area. The 30 contestants were already on high alert, but their faces betrayed their panic and unease, and their eyes revealed a hint of confusion. After all, they were about to face four powerful departments, each of which was composed of the elite of the elite. How could this not make them feel uneasy? Lieufon, his face full of worry, asked anxiously, "Dean, how should we fight this? Just let things take their course and do your best to defeat your opponent." Chu Xining said softly. But she herself was equally uncertain. Although Su Chins cultivation level was high, his opponents were hundreds of elites from various departments. How easy would it be to win? Upon hearing Chu Xinings words, the students couldn't help but show a hint of disappointment on their faces, and they all hung their heads in dejection, their morale low. Just then, Su Chun strode over and said, "What are you guys afraid of? Focus on taking care of the opponents, and leave the rest to me." Upon hearing Su Chens voice, everyone looked up, a glimmer of hope flashing in their eyes. In this desperate situation, Su Chun was the only ray of light. "Susan, are you confident?" Liufan asked curiously. "If you're not sure, you go first. Leave the rest to me. Today, he has only one goal, to kill 100 people." "All right, since Susan has spoken, brothers, let's unleash our full strength. Taking down one won't be a loss. Taking down two is a bonus. Li Buufon looked at the students behind him and shouted loudly, "That's right. We won't lose out if we take one, and we'll make a profit if we take two." Our dark arts department isn't someone to be trifled with, brothers. We will win. Go for it. In an instant, everyone's emotions were ignited and their morale soared. So, what if they lose in the end? They will still show the style and dignity of the dark arts department. Chu Xeening smiled with satisfaction as she watched this scene. In her view, courage was important, but this fearless attitude was even more precious. Shu Xining turned to look at Su Chun and said softly, "You will both receive a reward regardless of whether you win or lose. The departmental resource challenge could have been avoided if Su Chun had been there, preventing so many departments from challenging the dark faction. However, by Chongs interference has led to the current situation. Regardless of the final outcome, she will distribute some rewards to the entire department, which can be said to be her doing that has implicated the dark arts department. If that's how you put it, then I'm not sleepy anymore. I'll definitely do my best. Just do your best. Chu Xining nodded slightly. 10 minutes passed in the blink of an eye as the two were talking. Please welcome the students from the dark arts department to the stage. Zung Tian and shouted. Lieufon was the first to stand up. Let me lead the charge. He leaped onto the arena. Meanwhile, the deans of the four opposing departments gathered together and by Chong Llin instructed, "Dean Lei, go first." Understood. Vice principal by the dean of Lays department nodded and randomly selected a student. Seeing that both sides were ready, the referee spoke loudly. Resource challenge, dark versus lightning, match one begins. As the referee's voice faded, the match officially began. In front of the stage, representatives from various factions gathered and exchanged hushed conversations. It looks like this year's dark faction is going to be wiped out again. The representative of the Kyoto Lee family side, his tone filled with regret. I don't think so. Didn't they say that a first or second tier fourth level demon has appeared in the dark element? Let's see if he can turn the tide. The head of the Moo family, a top family in Kyoto, spoke calmly, a hint of anticipation in his eyes. As he finished speaking, many people nodded in agreement. Mu Yian Hai, you're making that young man seem far too legendary, aren't you? Jang Chan Ha of the Jang family, a top tier family in Kyoto, retorted, "Brother Chong Ha, you can't be too definitive. Oomph, even if his cultivation level is overwhelming, he can't even recover his source energy when facing a bombardment from a 100 people. How can he possibly win? Jang Chong Ha snorted coldly. He naturally understood Su Chun. This man who had crushed his son filled him with resentment. He just wanted to see Su Chun lose the match so he could vent his anger. All right, gentlemen. Why don't we hear what the deputy commander has to say in front of him. Lysanza, the head of the Lee family, spoke up, attempting to ease the tense atmosphere. Upon hearing this, the two men simultaneously turned their gazes toward Hugh Xan Xiang, the deputy commander of the central theater command. Hua Xang stroked his chin and said with a smile, "You guys don't really know anything about me, and besides, I'm looking forward to seeing how that kid performs." He originally didn't want to come to this resource challenge, but there was news that a peerless genius had emerged in the first year of the Kyoto Superpower Academy, who broke through to the fourth level of the second tier in just over 10 days. This also caught his attention, which is why he came to see for himself whether it was real or fake. If it's true, then of course we should act quickly to get him to join the central theater command. Vice commander Hua is right. Well find out soon enough whether he has the ability. Jang Chong Ha said sarcastically. When today's protagonist doesn't belong to the dark faction, nor does Such Chun. The match was intense. Lie Buffon successfully defeated two opponents but was ultimately defeated by his opponent. The remaining players also fought with all their might. Some trading one for one and some trading one for zero. In the end, the 29 people from the dark department, excluding Su Chan, replaced the 19 people from the thunder department. Unfortunately, there's no way around it. The 30 elite students selected from 2,000 by the thunder department and the 30 elite students selected from 500 by the dark department are bound to differ in quality. Damn, those bastards were really ruthless. Lie Boufon cursed under his breath, his body covered in charred marks left by lightning strikes, making him look utterly disheveled. Seeing that, apart from Liufon, the other trainees were all more seriously injured than the last. Lying on the ground in agony and waiting for treatment, Such Chin couldn't help but feel a surge of anger. Brother Chun, avenge us. We've already surrendered to those guys, but they still kept attacking us. Yeah, Brother Chun, at least he blew up the Thunder Department. I told him friendship comes first, but he said to hell with it and he'd go beat up the dark department instead. It made me so angry. Suchin listened to their back and forth conversation and nodded silently. These people are like classmates being bullied by students from other classes. How could the class monitor not take revenge? Just then, Zong Tinons voice rang out again. Please welcome the last contestant from the dark arts department, Such Chun. Suchin slowly raised his head, his eyes revealing a sharp killing intent. It's time to unleash a massacre. Chapter 56. The boss makes his appearance, his clothes slightly dirty. From the dark arts department, behind him followed Such Chin's figure closely, their fists clenched and their eyes filled with anticipation and excitement. The big boss has arrived. Suchin walked towards the arena. Instantly, the atmosphere in the entire arena was ignited and almost everyone's curiosity was peaked. After all, the biggest highlight of this battle between the dark element and other departments from beginning to end was Such Chun, the unfathomable big boss. Brothers, do you think Such Chan can take down 100 one of them? It's possible. At the level of a rift, perhaps there's a chance. I think it's impossible. Even if it's a crushing defeat due to a gap in cultivation level, challenging 101 people would consume a lot of energy, not to mention the continuous energy consumption during the battle. That's right. Just like the boss in a game, there's strength in numbers and we can always beat it. In the first row of the audience, Hua Jean Xong asked softly, "Principal Zan, is this the Su Chin you mentioned, the fourth level of the second tier?" He looked at the young man before him, who exuded a calm yet powerful and mysterious aura. That's right. This is Su Chun. This kid has not only reached the fourth level of the second tier, but his combat skills have also been perfected. Upon hearing this, Hua Xans eyes lit up. With such a fast cultivation speed and such high proficiency in combat skills, this kid must be recruited to the central theater command. Then do you think he can beat these 101 people? Huh? Jehang pressed. Zung Tanons face turned serious. I don't know. I can only say it's very, very difficult. He can't win. Even if he's strong, what can he do if a hundred elites bombard him all at once? B Chan Lin couldn't help but interject his tone full of disdain. In his view, Such Chin wanted to win. He would have to use his combat skills at least twice against each person. Second tier, fourth level source energy, wanting to use combat skills 200 times. That's utterly outlandish. Today's protagonist isn't from the dark arts department. Huh? Jan Xong narrowed his eyes slightly upon hearing by Chongs words. It seemed that this vice principal had quite a grudge against the dark arts department. All right, we'll see. Huh? Jehan Xiang interrupted the argument. On the arena, Su Chins black clothes fluttered in the wind, his hem billowing, displaying his dashing and heroic figure. His opponent was none other than Moao, the Thunder Academy expert who had previously defeated the Dark Academy. I heard they've already admitted defeat. Why are you still fighting? Such Chin's eyes were icy. Hey, Susan, I didn't hear them admit defeat. Besides, injuries are inevitable in a match. Moao had a faint smile on his face. "Okay, you have a point," Suchin said, looking at the referee. "Shall we begin?" The referee nodded slightly and announced loudly, "Resource challenge." The 30th student of the dark arts department, Such Chun versus the 20th contestant of the Thunder Arts Department, the match now begins. Less than a second after the referee's voice fell, Su Chen's eyes suddenly narrowed and with a raised hand, a pitch black shadow claw slammed towards Moao. Thundershield Moao was prepared and quickly activated his Thunder Shield. A shield flashing with lightning that appeared in front of him. However, in the face of absolute power, all defenses are feudal. With a loud boom, the thunder shield shattered instantly and the powerful impact knocked Mao to the ground. M O AO s clothes ripped apart revealing his equally shattered a minusgrade shadow armor underneath. Upon seeing this, Such Chun frowned slightly. Another armor designed to resist the shadows. Moa coughed up a mouthful of blood. And seeing his Agrade armor blasted into pieces, he couldn't help but swallow hard. You simply won't know how powerful this perfect combat technique is until you experience it for yourself. If I didn't wear this anti-shadow armor, wouldn't I be covered in blood and gore if the combat skills hit me directly? I I admit defeat. Moao, a wise man who knows when to yield, quickly shouted. However, Such Chin sneered and raised his hand again, and a huge shadow claw condensed in the sky, roaring down with a world destroying aura. Ah! Moao was blasted into a bloody mess by this claw, blood gushing out, and he instantly lost consciousness. Such Chan, he's already admitted defeat. Why did you still attack? In the first row, Bach Chan Lin suddenly stood up, his face full of anger. Suchin picked at his ear and said innocently, "Sorry, I'm hard of hearing. I didn't hear you. It's not my fault, is it? Didn't you hear me? Be so ruthless to the students of your own dark arts department? You think you can just admit defeat and let it go? It's good enough if we don't beat the out of him today." Bong Lin was speechless for a moment. Humph, I hope you stay like this forever. Su Chan unleashed. The faster his source energy was consumed and the faster he would lose. He refused to believe that this kid could keep releasing combat techniques so casually. That's good. My hearing has been really bad all day. Suchin's lips curled up slightly, revealing a playful smile. Then he looked at the referee and said, "Take him away for treatment. Next." The referee paused for a moment, then announced, "Next up, Mayu. Mimu walked shakily onto the ring. Grandpa, go easy on me. The cunning enemy, in order to win, actually disguised himself as my grandson. Dot. Suchin's eyes turned cold. With a loud boom, Mimu collapsed to the ground, his body covered in blood and gore. Call out the next one, Such Chin said coldly immediately. The third, the fourth, the fifth, the sixth, the seventh, the eighth. The next 10 members of the Lelay Academy were all instantly killed by Such Chun in just one or two moves. Absolute overwhelming strength leaves the opponent powerless and utterly vulnerable. Indeed, this kid is as formidable as Principal Zung said. Hua Jean Xiangs eyes shone brightly as if he had seen a rare treasure, and he couldn't help but exclaim in admiration, "Commander Hua, what do you think? I didn't lie to you, did I? Give this kid some time, and he'll definitely become a powerful figure in the future." Zung Tian and said with a smug smile. That'ss true, but I wonder where this kid's limit is. If he keeps going like this, I'm afraid the energy source won't be able to sustain him for long. In Huhan Xungs eyes, this kid was just to his liking. Especially the scene of him avenging his department's dark faction students and confronting by Chong headon. It was just like his temperament. He likes this kind of spirited and temperamental young man. Sigh. I hope he can pull off a miracle. Zing Tian inside helplessly. How could he not know that this was all arranged by Ba Chong Len on the arena? Such Chins clothes were slightly dirty and disheveled. The last one is it Jang Shir. The referee glanced at the list and nodded slightly. Yes, please welcome the last student from the lay department. Jang Shirang Shirs face was grim as he slowly walked onto the arena. Such Chun, I will force you to use other methods. Enough with the nonsense. You defeated opponent. In an instant, a massive dark abyss appeared beneath Jang Shir's feet, and at the same time, Shadow Claws roared as they attacked him. One offensive skill and one crowd control skill are activated simultaneously. Jang Shir had no choice but to endure the blow. Crack! Crack! With this attack, his S-class armor shattered instantly. "Haha, how about that? I can easily take a couple of your moves." Jang Shir looked at his armor, now shattered, and couldn't help but burst into triumphant laughter. Idiot, you're proud of withstanding two of my moves. Such Chan s anger surged and he felt even more disgusted by this spinthrift son's behavior. So what? Let me tell you, your next shadow claw attack will be useless against me. As Jang Shir spoke, he took out a thunder pearl and smashed it on the ground. A layer of lightning rapidly formed beneath his feet, severing his connection to the ground. Chapter 57. Su Chun Boos phase 2 begins. Tsk tsk. They really went to great lengths and spent a lot of money to be able to withstand a few more of my moves. So what? The wealth of the Jang family is something you, a country bumpkin from out of town, will never see in your entire life. Jang Shshire said arrogantly. Suchin still wore a faint smile, but his eyes grew increasingly cold. I never said I was going to use that move against you. In his hand, dark elements rapidly condensed like black mist, gradually forming a giant shadow bat. Such Chan tossed his hand upwards, and the giant bat instantly transformed into countless smaller bats, sweeping towards Jang Shir like a black tide. Jang Sher's pupils suddenly contracted. "What is this thing?" he shouted in panic and hurriedly summoned heavenly lightning to try to scatter the bats. A dazzling bolt of lightning ripped through the sky, carrying a devastating force and struck the swarm of bats. However, unexpectedly, the powerful lightning struck the bat, but had no effect whatsoever. not even causing a ripple. What? What the hell is this? Jang Shir's face was filled with fear and shock. Before he could react, the shadowy bats had already pounced on him. They used their sharp forpaws and razor-sharp teeth to frantically pierce every inch of Jang Shir's skin. Jang Shir was instantly enveloped by a dense swarm of bats, and he let out a desperate scream. I admit defeat. Gag him. As if understanding Such Chen's words, the bat swarmed into Jang Shirs mouth, preventing him from uttering the words, "Admit defeat." "Aha!" screamed and rolled on the ground in agony. His body was covered in blood and flesh like a peeled orange, a truly gruesome sight. Such Chun, "How dare you treat my son like this?" Jang Chong Jang, sitting in the audience, could no longer remain seated. He suddenly stood up, his eyes bloodshot. How could he possibly stand by and watch his son be abused like this? Suchin remained unfazed. So what? Very well. How could a junior be so shrewd? Jang Chong Jang was trembling with anger. He pointed at Such Chun and said through gritted teeth, Patriarch Jang, what are you going to interfere in a duel between juniors? Hua Jean Xang frowned and said in a cold voice, his tone carrying an undeniable authority. Jang Chan Jang as if dowsted with cold water immediately sobered up. Vice Commander Hua, please forgive me. I was just worried about my son. M It's fine as long as no one dies in a fight between juniors. Huh? Jehong snorted coldly. He had also heard Jang Sher s insulting words to Such Chen. What kind of outsider or bumpkin? He himself rose from a small place to the position of deputy commander of the central theater command. Isn't Jang Shir saying this just implying that he is also a country bumpkin? Such Chan was being lenient by teaching him a lesson. Jang Chong Jang broke out in a cold sweat, inwardly groaning. Why had Deputy Commander Hua suddenly turned hostile, Such Chong gave Hugh Xiang a grateful look, and Hua Xan nodded slightly, his eyes seeming to say, "With me here, no one will dare to bully you." Of his hand, Such Chan caused all the shadowy bats to vanish without a trace. And in front of him appeared Jang Shir, whose appearance was no longer discernible. take him away and wrap him up like a mummy. He didn't care at all about the possibility of retaliation from the Jang family. Principal Zung and Hua Xan Xiang are both powerful backers he can rely on. The referees swallowed hard, looking at Jang Shir's pitiful state. Take him away. Then he announced loudly, "The Thunder Department students challenge has failed. This year, 10% of the resources will go to the dark department. Holy crap, Such Chun is amazing. He killed 11 people in a row. Phew, we finally forced out another skill from Such Chan. It's like fighting a boss. It's okay, brothers. The boss will eventually run out of mana. Let's take down Su Chun. Some students were discussing among themselves, and now in their eyes, being able to force Su Chun to develop a new skill was considered a kind of progress. On the stage, the referee continued, "The next department is the wind department. Please welcome the first contestant from the wind department." Another round of relentless battles ensued with Such Chun defeating his opponents time and again only for them to climb back up each time. During this time, Suchan also unleashed other combat techniques, each of which elicited gas from the audience. In less than an hour, Such Chun had already killed 39 people in a row. At this moment, Such Chun became famous throughout the entire Kyoto Superpower Academy. On the academyy's forum, posts about Such Chun flooded in like a title wave. Boss Such Chun has killed 39 people in a row and the thunder and wind departments are about to perish and he has forced out another of Su Chin's advanced combat skills. How many advanced combat skills does Su Chan actually have? Are all popular on the forum? Nine out of the 10 most popular posts are about Such Chan. The second year training room almost everyone was talking about the name Such Chan. Mushweer listened quietly to the surrounding discussions, watched Such Chin instantly defeat his opponent, sighed softly, and revealed a hint of longing in her eyes. "I really want to have a duel with you." Not only sophomores, but also juniors and even seniors who rarely show their faces were all alarmed and rushed to the 10,000 person arena to watch Su Chin's wonderful performance. The arena, which could originally accommodate 100,000 people, was now packed with people, and the atmosphere was lively. so strong. Luo Chingshua looked at Su Chun, who was full of vigor on the stage, and a trace of gloom flashed in her eyes. If she were facing these opponents, she probably wouldn't even be able to take down three of them. She sighed heavily, suppressing the restlessness in her heart. Such Chun, you're awesome. Go Such Chun, Little Chun, Crush the other side. Compared to Luo Ching's aloofness, Xiai Yao Yao is much more cheerful and lively. She waved her hands excitedly and cheered loudly for Such Chan. Watching Such Chun crush his opponent was a pleasure for her too. Time passed quietly. When Such Chan defeated the wind department and faced his 54th opponent from the blade department, he was slightly out of breath, his forehead covered in sweat, and his internal energy was starting to struggle to keep up with the high intensity of the attack. Holy crap, that's 54 consecutive kills. Is Suchin made of iron? His second tier source energy is already comparable to his third tier internal source energy. Yeah, that's ridiculous. Luckily, he's starting to lose his grip. This boss is about to fall. Hey, bosses in games all have a second phase. Do you think Suchin has won on the arena? After defeating his 54th opponent, Suchin slowly sat down, closed his eyes, and began to accelerate the recovery of his source energy. Upon seeing this, Bonglin finally showed a look of joy on his face. He originally thought that Su Chin's source energy would run out when there were more than 30 people, but he didn't expect that Su Chin's source energy would only start to be insufficient when there were almost 60 people. This young man is really too terrifying. Fortunately, he was about to collapse. Such Chun, admit defeat. Without source energy, you are nothing. If you admit defeat now, apologize to all four departments and say that the dark arts department is useless and can't compare to the other departments, I'll spare you from physical punishment. B Chong Lin spoke with a condescending tone, a smug smile on his face. Kid, don't force yourself if you can't handle it. Huh. Jehong said with concern. He really didn't want this precious thing to get hurt. Suchin slowly opened his eyes, a sharp glint flashing in them. Old Bang, I don't need your charity. Call the next one. So, the second phase begins. Chapter 58. Chu Xinings reward for killing 100 men. A ruthless glint flashed in by Chongs eyes. Very well, referee. Continue. He wanted to see what Su Chan could rely on to fight without source energy. Could it be that he could only rely on his fists? Next up, from the sword department, Lie Changing. Upon hearing this, Li Changing leaped onto the arena. Su Chun, admit defeat. I must say, you are indeed very strong, but one person's strength is ultimately limited. Suchin is weak. That's the most absurd joke in the world. Suchin slowly raised his head. You want me to admit defeat? Then show me your strength first. O, I was trying to give you some good advice, but since you won't listen, don't blame me for being impolite. Lie Changing snorted coldly and suddenly took out the S class weapon, the bloodthirsty demon blade. He lightly touched the ground with his toes and soared into the air like a live eagle, raising his long sword high in his hand, shouting, "Sky spplitting slash." He was determined to succeed with this move. Taking advantage of your weakness to kill you, Su Chin Yuan's inability to supply energy is the perfect opportunity for him to strike a fatal blow. However, Such Chun remained unmoved. He looked up, his dark eyes deep and calm without a trace of panic. He slowly extended his right hand and dark elements rapidly gathered and surged in his palm like black mist. It's time to move into the second phase and truly demonstrate the power of the death scythe. Dark elements surged wildly and a huge death scythe slowly materialized in Such Chin srite hand. Suchin gently swung his sword, aiming it at the bloodthirsty demon blade clang. A crisp sound of impact rang out throughout the arena, followed by a crack as the bloodthirsty demon blade shattered into two pieces. Lie Changing stared in astonishment at the broken long sword in his hand, frozen in place for a moment. What kind of weapon is that in your hand? Is s class combat soldier was so easily defeated? Want to know? Then beat me first, Suchin said coldly, activating shadow flash. His figure appeared in front of Li Changing in an instant, and he swung the demonic scythe heavily in his hand. Lie Chenging reacted extremely quickly, immediately raising the remaining half of the long sword to defend himself. However, with another crisp sound, the long sword shattered into several pieces in an instant. The demonic scythe was unstoppable and slashed deep into his body. Fortunately, he was wearing armor, otherwise he would have been cut in half. a second tier fourth level cultivator versus a first tier sixth level cultivator. The difference in strength was like an insurmountable chasm, making it an utterly crushing defeat. Lie Changing looked at the deep wounds on his body, his face as pale as paper. I I admit defeat. How can he fight like this? If he didn't have his armor, he would probably have been cut into by now. Such Chun coldly retracted his demonic sythe and kicked Le Chaming off the stage. Continue. Next one. He slowly turned his head, his gaze sharp as lightning, and coldly glanced at B Chong. At this moment, Bach Chongs face was as ugly as if he had swallowed a fly. He never expected that Su Chan would awaken his companion spirit artifact. You know, the probability of awakening a companion spirit artifact is one in a billion. How come this kid is so lucky? He lowered his head helplessly. With the help of his companion spirit artifact, Su Chan would undoubtedly win this match. Looking back at their previous arrogance and then at the current situation, it's utterly ridiculous. Chu Xianings eyes were full of satisfaction. This kid only just now revealed his trump card. She was naturally aware of Such Chin's companion spiritual artifact. Unexpectedly, Such Chun source energy was so abundant. It seems there's only one possibility. He has already cultivated the boundless spirit sea technique to the first level. What a freak. Such a difficult technique to cultivate. Yet he reached the first level in just a few days. At this moment, the more she looked at Su Chan, the more satisfied she felt. Harah, good lad. You've been hiding this trick all along. Huh? Jehan Xan clapped his hands excitedly and cheered. Such Chins natal spiritual weapon is at least S-le. Spiritual weapons and battle weapons are worlds apart. Even an SSS level battle weapon can't compare to an S-level spiritual weapon. He's determined to have this kid. Ztn was also somewhat surprised. companion artifacts, huh? Their Kyoto Ability Academy hasn't had a student awaken one for several years. With Such Chin around, the Hundred Schools League a month from now is a sure thing. In the following matches, Such Chun wielded the Death Scythe. He swept through the competition almost unchallenged with many students not even having the courage to step onto the stage. In the blink of an eye, Such Chun had already killed 99 people. Let's bring the next two on together. I'm in a hurry. I surrender. I surrender. The two men spoke without hesitation. They had no desire to experience being struck by the death scythe. Only a fool would go and die. The referee's lips twitched slightly and he looked at Su Chun with a complicated expression. It's been a long time since we've seen such a dominant and overwhelmingly powerful prodigy. He announced loudly, "We have successfully defended our title in this dark arts departmental resource challenge." Upon hearing this, the entire audience erupted in thunderous cheers. This Such Chun is unplayable without being nerfed. There's even a second stage. He has too overpowered. Yeah. Do you guys think there might be a third stage? Go to hell. If there's a third phase, what's the point of us playing? Wow. They're so strong. This year, the dark arts department has finally stood up completely. All they did was cheer because this young man really did it. 101 people killed. His appearance made the dark arts department proud and surpassed the four major departments. One person overpowered four departments, causing them to flee in terror. With a wave of his hand, Su Chins death scythe vanished instantly. He looked at Bong Lin with a hint of mockery in his eyes. Vice Dean by If your own department students are incompetent, don't assume others are just as useless. He hasn't even started the third stage yet. If Tuantuan possesses him, everyone will be defeated. Bonglin clenched his fists, speechless and unable to utter a single word. From his initial arrogance to his current wretched state, he never dreamed it would end like this. Such Chun slowly walked off the stage. The entire audience spontaneously chanted, "God Su. He may not be a god, but he is like one creating miracles in the ring." Zing Tian and stepped onto the stage saying, "Thank you, Such Chun, for the wonderful performance." This also tells us that one person's strength can change everything. Next, the resource challenge continues. The next department will be randomly selected. Off the stage, Such Chan returned to the preparation area of the dark arts department. God has returned. The dark arts department were filled with excitement as they gathered around, lifted Su Chun high into the air, and tossed him into the sky. Ouch. What are you doing? Put me down. He Susan, shouldn't we have a proper celebration? In an instant, everyone tossed the balls higher and higher, and cheers and laughter echoed throughout the preparation area. Chu Xining watched them making a ruckus and smiled faintly. All right, stop fooling around. She interrupted them and they finally stopped their antics. Suchin straightened his clothes and asked with a smile, "How was it? Did I do it?" She nodded slightly, her eyes full of admiration. "You really did it, and it really surprised me. This kid's combat skills training is practically free. He's mastered so many at the highest level. It's truly astonishing." Suchin chuckled and rubbed his hands together. Then, teacher Chu, my reward. Chu Xining smiled and shook her head. You're such a money grubber. Don't worry, you'll get your share. I've already prepared everything for you. Chapter 59. The undying body of the nine netherworlds. Hua Jean Xongs invitation. Such Chan coughed lightly twice, his eyes sparkling with curiosity. I wonder what the reward the teacher has given this time. Chu Xining took out a tattered cultivation manual from her bosom and slowly said, "My family and I have studied this cultivation manual for a long time, but we still can't figure out its secrets. We only know that it is related to the dark element, and it may be of some help to you." Suchin reached out and took the cultivation manual, then activated his detection skill. In an instant, a blue light screen appeared before his eyes. Nine Netherworld undying body. This technique consists of nine levels. Reaching the first level greatly enhances physical strength and speed while deepening one's understanding of shadow. Reaching the second level allows one to integrate dark elements into the blood, significantly improving perception. Reaching the third level allows one to condense dark runes, enhancing the power of one's abilities and physical strength. Reaching the sixth level allows one to transform into an undying death god. Reaching the ninth level allows one to forge an immortal body existing eternally in annihilation. As Such Chun looked at the introduction on the screen, his breathing quickened and an overwhelming excitement welled up inside him. This technique is simply defying the heavens. To cultivate to the sixth level and become an immortal death god. What a powerful being that would be. Just then, a prompt appeared on the screen. Study. Yes. Hesitating for even a second is a desecration of this technique. In an instant, information about how to cultivate this technique flooded into Sue Chin's mind like a torrent. Simply put, it requires the essence and blood of dark elemental monsters and the absorption and tempering in a place rich in dark elements. However, the simplest method is naturally to add points through the system. So, is this cultivation technique not to your liking? Chu Xiining looked at Su Chun, a hint of doubt flashing in her eyes. That's perfect. Thank you, teacher. Chu, Su Chan said with gratitude. Chu Xining was somewhat puzzled. Could it be that this kid had really seen the extraordinary nature of this technique? She had shown this technique to the most powerful experts in the dark element, but they couldn't see anything wrong with it. Yet, this kid actually grasped it in a short time. Thinking about it, she gently shook her head. Is this the legendary hexagonal prodigy? Not only is he a prodigy, but he's also a prodigy in every aspect. I'm glad you like it. There are also some rewards that I will distribute to you after the resource challenge ends. These include the qualification to enter the dark elemental secret realm and the opportunity to train in the shadow pool of the Kyoto Ability Academy. Thank you very much, teacher Chu. After thanking him, Suchin paused for a few seconds and then asked, "What's the maximum number of resources we can take away in this resource challenge? You have 100% of your own resources and you can take 100% of what others have. What are you planning to take matters into your own hands? Chu Jining looked at him curiously. This is a free opportunity right now. A defensive victory only grants 40% of the resources. We need to teach those four departments a lesson and challenge two more while we're at it. We have to get the maximum. Such Chen's eyes were full of fighting spirit. Chu Xining gently tapped him with her finger and laughed. You're really working hard, kid. Suchin shrugged and said helplessly. I have something I can't say about it. Towanchuin consumes at least 60 million blue star coins a month. When it reaches its growth stage, the consumption will definitely be even greater. So, we must find a way to make money. What unspeakable secret? Chujin was a little curious. Was he saving money to get married? Such Chan was about to speak. Zang Tanons voice rang out. The next department is the fire department. departments that wish to challenge, please register. Such Chun turned around, a hint of mystery in his eyes, and said, "Well, you'll know later, teacher. As for now, all I know is that I have to go on stage again." Chu Xining was speechless. This kid was acting all mysterious. Looking at Such Chin's back, he really was a battle craze guy. In the afternoon, all the departmental challenges of the entire resource challenge finally came to an end. Zing Tian and stepped onto the stage and announced loudly, "This resource challenge has come to a successful conclusion. The dark department is the champion of this year's firstear departments. Four defenses and six battles, 10 battles, and 10 victories. Let us congratulate the dark department on becoming the champion of the firstear departments. This year, the rankings of the entire freshman department were completely rewritten because of Su Chin's arrival. It is no longer the era of the thunder, fire, spear, and sword departments that dominates. Instead, the dark department has risen to the top, breaking the shame of the dark department having no chief department for decades. Simply put, Such Chin singlehandedly suppressed 26 departments. After Zingtian finished speaking, he glanced at Such Chun and smiled with satisfaction. Such Chin smiled and nodded in response. Then, Zong Tian spoke again. The top freshman champion has been chosen. And that is before he could finish speaking, the entire audience shouted in unison, "Such Chun." No one objected and no one questioned it. Who dares to claim the top spot besides Such Chan? Haha, not bad. That s what freshmen should be like. Full of energy. All right, this year's resource challenge has come to a successful conclusion. Everyone go and train hard and fight for your goals. With those words spoken, the resource challenge officially came to an end. This year's competition is destined to be the most special one. Such Chan once again broke history, achieving a 100 kills in the resource challenge, famous throughout Kyoto. Now you're going to be a household name in the whole of Kyoto. Chu Xining teased. Next, Su Chan will undoubtedly receive a frenzy of invitations from various forces. After all, which force wouldn't want to have such a peerless genius? It's probably not that bad. Some elderly people don't use the internet, so they might not know. Oh, you're quite modest. At this moment, Hua Jehong walked over. Suchin looked at him and saw that he was wearing a military uniform with the rank of Lieutenant General. He was tall and strong, and there were some faint scars on his face, showing the iron will and majesty of a soldier. This is our central theater commands deputy commander Hua. Shu Xining reminded him. Suchin quickly saluted and respectfully said, "Greetings, Deputy Commander Hua." Huh? Jean Xon waved his hand and laughed heartily. Hey, why are you being so polite, kid? I love your proud and unruly spirit. We should still be polite to a hero like Deputy Commander Hua, Such Chun said with a faint smile. The person before him was a 10th level expert, the first 10th level master he had ever seen. Even Zung Tanin, the principal of the Kyoto Supernatural Ability Academy, was only at the ninth level. Good lad, you know when to advance and retreat. Not bad. So, how about it? Are you interested in coming to my central theater command and fighting alongside us? Huh? Jean Xiang asked directly and bluntly. Suchin hesitated for a few seconds, then said seriously, "Deput commander Hua, to be honest, I still want to study formally at the academy to improve my strength. Once I have enough self-defense capabilities, I will join the army and wipe out all the alien races." Huh? Jehan smiled and nodded, showing no anger at being rejected. All right, I'll wait for you. Once you have enough strength, we'll go together to wipe out the alien races and protect our homeland. As he spoke, he pulled out an item from each hand, saying, "Consider this a gift from me. Choose one." Chapter 60 dragon token ability level enhancement fruit. A force marriage will not be happy. If we hastily pull Sue Chun into the army at this time, it might be a mistake. After all, the battlefield filled with smoke and bloodshed is far more dangerous than the tranquil academy. Presenting a gift now is naturally a prelude to Such Chin's future graduation and joining the army. Such Chan rubbed his hands together. Vice Commander Hua, as the ancient said, the more the marrier. Haha, good lad. I love your straightforwardness. Here you go. Huh? Jean Xong laughed heartily and shoved the two items in his hand into Su Chins hands. Thank you so much, Vice Commander. Such Chen's face lit up with joy, and then he asked, "Vice Commander Hua, could you tell me about the uses of these two treasures? This orange-shaped fruit is an ability enhancing fruit. After consuming it, there's a certain probability that it will increase your ability level. As for this golden dragon-shaped jade stone, it's a sensing stone. Once you crush it, I'll immediately know your location and come to protect you. In addition, it's also a symbol of status. Not just anyone can possess it. Such Chin's potential is like an uncut gem, and it must be carefully protected. Giving him a dragon token would be absolutely worth it. Moreover, he genuinely admired Such Chun. This kid was just like him back then, stubborn and unyielding, and both of them had worked their way up from small towns. This sense of shared hardship made him particularly fond of Such Chun. The people from various factions around them stared wideeyed as Hua Xan handed the dragon token to Such Chun and couldn't help but swallow hard. That's a dragon token. In the dragon kingdom, only officers of the rank of major general or above or heads of extremely powerful families are qualified to possess it. The entire dragon kingdom. Huh gave Such Chan such a precious dragon token after only meeting him once. How could this not be shocking? As Suchin listened to Hua Xans introduction, he was secretly delighted. These were all rare treasures. He carefully put them away and said gratefully, "Thank you so much for your kindness, Deputy Commander Hua. When I join the army in the future, my first choice will definitely be the central theater command." Hua Jean Xong patted him on the shoulder. I've been waiting for you to say that. When the time comes, the two of us, uncle and nephew, will wipe out the blood bull demon cave and leave no one alive. "Okay, it's a deal." Suchin replied loudly. Hua smiled with satisfaction. All right, it's getting late. I should go back to guard the demon cave. I hope that when we meet again, your growth will surprise me. Having said that, he turned and led several guards, also dressed in military uniforms, toward the military vehicle. The vehicle started raising a cloud of dust and sped away. "This deputy commander Hua is really a good person," Suchin muttered to himself as he watched the departing military vehicle. Chu Xianing rolled her eyes at him from the side. You kid? You've really hit the jackpot. Suchin was slightly taken aback. What makes you say that? That power up fruit is priceless. Countless people would love to buy it, but can't. And those dragon tokens, there are only 36 in the entire dragon kingdom. You've been given both of these incredibly precious items. Don't you think you've struck it lucky? Hearing Chu Xinings explanation, Such Chin suddenly understood. So, that's how it is. He'd hit the jackpot. His luck was incredible. However, a question arose in his mind. Why did Hugh Xan Xong value him so much at their first meeting? Aren't you curious about why you're so lucky? Chu Xining seemed to see through his thoughts. Yes, I am indeed quite curious. Tell me about it. It's most likely because of the strength and potential you've shown and how similar you are to Hua Jean Xong when you were young. Deputy Commander Hua also came from a small place. Back then, he faced doubts and ridicule from others, but he persevered and worked his way up to where he is today. Simply put, Hua Xan Shong saw a more dazzling reflection of his younger self in Such Chun, and his admiration for talent arose spontaneously, giving him these two things was perhaps to prevent Su Chun from experiencing the same hardships he had faced in his youth, and to make his path easier for him. It must be said that Hua Xangs ability to become the deputy commander of the central theater command is indeed due to his exceptional qualities. Since he trusts me so much, I certainly won't let him down. Suchin clenched his fist slightly. Wasn't Hua Xan hoping that he would have grown significantly by the time they met again? Then let's start tomorrow. Go to the bloodbull demon cave to hunt and improve ourselves. We must not let down Vice Commander Hua's expectations. I hope you keep your word and I believe in you. Chu Xining smiled calmly, a hint of relief flashing in her eyes. If there's nothing else, teacher Chu, I'll head back now. Suchin couldn't wait to try out the effects of the ability level up fruit. If he could use it to upgrade his ability to SS level, he could save 100,000 ability points. Go back. As for skipping a grade, come back to me within a month when you've prepared everything. Suchin nodded, waved, and turned to say goodbye. The Jang family. Father, I'm not reconciled. Jang sure was wrapped up tightly like a mummy, his eyes filled with tears of resentment that slid down his cheeks. Jang Chongs face was gloomy and ugly. He shouted angrily, "You worthless thing. Who told you to provoke Su Chin? Even if you're unwilling now, what can you do? He has Hua Xan Xians protection now. Do you still expect me to do those shady things for you? In the past, if anyone dared to provoke Jang Shir, the Jang family could easily deal with it behind the scenes. But this time is different. Such Chan is now famous, and more importantly, he has Hua Jean Chong protecting him, so he can't be touched at all. Father, am I not allowed to swallow this insult? Jang Chong has sideighed. Don't worry. You're holding this grudge in your heart, and so am I. It's just that the time isn't right yet. A strange light flashed in Jang Shirs eyes. Father, do you have a way? Tell me quickly. Don't worry about that. Now, you should go to that lightning elemental secret realm and receive your baptism. Right. I'm willing, father. I will definitely become an SS level ability user, and then I will trample Su Chun under my feet and make him wish he were dead, Jang Shir said through gritted teeth. That's more like a man. What kind of behavior is this? Crying and sobbing. Go on your way once your injuries have healed. Yes, father. After undergoing 49 days of trials, he will definitely become an SS level lightning type ability user and make Such Chin pay the price for what he did today. Jang Chan Ha looked at his son, shook his head slightly, and then looked at the distant starry sky. Huh? Jean Xang, let's see if you can escape this calamity. Villa number one. Suchin picked up the powerup fruit and swallowed it in one gulp. A warm current flowed slowly through his body. He only felt his body getting slightly warmer and his source energy seemed to have increased a little, but apart from that, there were no other obvious reactions. Could it be that the awakening failed? Suchin looked up at the little flower robot beside him. Little flower, help me find out if there are any cases of people successfully using the ability level enhancement fruit to improve their ability level. Ding. We have found in the past 300 years only one person has successfully improved their ability level by using the ability level enhancement fruit. Suchin's lips twitched slightly. Goodness, the probability is too low. Chapter 61. Blood Beast Church level classification infection plan. Having abandoned the idea of using the power enhancing fruit to improve his abilities. And after spending 1,000 credits to buy some shadow crystals for Tuan Tuan's food, Such Chin lay on the bed, ready to take a nap. The exhaustion from today's battle has left him so weak that he can fall asleep the moment his head hits the pillow. The next morning, Such Chun arrived at the mission hall early. The hall was bustling with people, and noise rose and fell. On the giant screen, a dazzling array of missions attracted the attention of many people with superpowers. These tasks are divided into private and official tasks with varying amounts of academic credits awarded as compensation. Such Chin's gaze swept across the screen and a private mission caught his eye. Private mission rank E. Guys, I have a bunch of black and white stockings and I'm too lazy to wash them. Can one of you help me wash them? Reward one credit point. Suchin stared at the task for a few seconds, wondering if it was legitimate. He hesitated for only a second before the task was snatched away by someone else. Suchin didn't care. Maybe it was a honey trap. He just needed to see how high he jumped. In addition, these tasks are graded with higher difficulty levels yielding more credits. Furthermore, the mission level also corresponds to the purchase permissions. Completing an S level mission will grant you S-level permissions. An SS level mission will grant you SS level permissions and so on. Currently, Suchin already possesses S-level privileges. To obtain SS level privileges, he must complete SS level missions. Such had no interest whatsoever in SS level missions. Throughout the many years since the establishment of the Kyoto Ability Academy, very few people have successfully completed SS level missions. Only two or three people, and no one has been able to successfully complete SSS level missions to this day. These are not things he as a freshman should be thinking about. Ultimately, Su Cheng's gay settled on a personal mission. Private mission sank. The Leaf family in Kyoto needs a large number of bloodbull corpses. We'll buy as many as you have, and the price is absolutely fair. Note, blood bulls must be at least tier 2, level five. You're the one. After saying that, he quickly stepped forward, accepted the task with a series of actions, and then called the contact person for the task. Hello, is this the person who posted the quest to collect the bloodbull carcass? A cheerful voice came from the other end of the phone. Hey. Yeah, buddy. You're the one who took my job. Um, I wanted to ask where do we meet to hand over the mission after it's completed. Let's meet in the mission hall on campus after the mission is complete. Just give me a call then. That person was Li Jinshin. As he spoke, he casually checked the mobile version of the task posting app. When he saw that the person who accepted the task was Such Chun, his hand trembled slightly. What? Su Chun, the top freshman, actually accepted my task and is going to work for me. Okay, if there's nothing else, I'll hang up now. Such Chun prepared to hang up the phone. Wait a minute. Aren't you Su Chun the freshman? Lie Jinshin shouted hurriedly. What is there a problem? Oh, how could I dare to have any problems? But Su Shan, this task is thankless and difficult. Are you really planning to do it? Lie Jin Xin's voice carried a hint of confusion. The strength of a blood bowl at the fifth level of the second tier should not be underestimated. Although Such Sean is able to challenge it beyond his level, it will likely be extremely difficult and a thankless task. Suchin chuckled. I'm really going to do it. I'm telling you beforehand when I bring back the Blood Bull's corpse, you're not allowed to refuse it. You can earn credits by hunting blood bulls and also gain valuable kill points to improve yourself. It's a win-win situation, so why not? You're joking, Susan. I'll definitely take whatever you bring back. I'll take as many as you have, Li Jinshin said quickly. Although he said that, he secretly thought to himself, "No matter how powerful Su Chun is, he probably won't be able to bring back many. At most, a dozen or so would be the limit. As for bringing back a whole bunch, how could that be possible?" "Okay, I'll contact you later." Suchin hung up the phone. This time his goal was not only to complete the mission, but also to hunt down at least 200 blood bulls, reach the golden bone realm, cultivate the first level of the nine netherworld undying body, and improve his own realm. Next, Such Chan went to the academy supply area and bought some spirit source potions and a detailed map. After making all the preparations, Such Chan embarked on his journey to the Blood Bull Demon Cave. Meanwhile, at the headquarters of the Blood Beast Church, it was a huge palace hidden underground. Upon entering the palace, it was dimly lit with only a few lamps emitting a faint green glow illuminating the passageway. Walking along the passageway, you come to a spacious hall. A long seat is arranged in the center of the hall with eight people sitting in two rows on each side. They have different expressions and exude a powerful and eerie aura. These eight individuals are the bishops of the bloodbeast church. They are the church's elite force, each possessing terrifying strength and governing the church's vast power in different regions. In the bloodbeast church's hierarchy, the lowest level consists of ordinary members and elite members who are responsible for carrying out basic tasks. Above them are special envoys who are the middle level force of the church, responsible for assigning tasks and managing certain affairs. Above them are the high priests who possess the secret arts of the bloodbeast church and can perform special rituals for those who have fallen into the church, granting them the power of demonic beasts and turning them into halfhuman, half-beast beings. The bishops, on the other hand, are the core fighting force of the church and hold a revered position. As for the leader of the church, he is even more mysterious and unpredictable, possessing supreme power and terrifying strength. Tell me, what is the commanderin-chief's purpose in summoning us here today? The third ranked bishop known as the bloodthirsty demon asked the question. I don't know, but it's probably related to the awakened this year. Another bishop said just as the group was whispering among themselves, a flash of light appeared on the main seat, and a man in black robes materialized out of thin air. His figure was shrouded in a black robe, obscuring his face. Only a powerful and oppressive aura could be felt emanating from him. Upon seeing this, the eight men's expressions changed and they quickly stood up, exclaiming, "Commander." The commander waved his hand gently. "Now, let's report on the outstanding individuals among this year's awakened." The second bishop stepped forward and handed over several documents. "Commander, please take a look. These are some of the strongest newcomers this year, among whom the one named Su Chun is the most formidable." The commander took the documents and scanned them one by one. When he saw Su Chin's information, a rare look of surprise flashed in his eyes, but he quickly regained his composure. He pondered for a moment, then said, "Third brother, you're in charge of the Kyoto area. Find some time to contact this Such Chun and try to win him over. If you really can't win him over, then execute him." The bloodthirsty maniac licked his lips. "Yes, sir. The blood of such a prodigy must taste quite good." The commander then turned his gaze to the second bishop. Notify all high priests to begin this year's member beast transformation fusion. Our blood beast church should also add a batch of fresh blood members. Yes, boss. I'll go and inform them in a bit. Hm. How's the blood essence fusion experiment going? Upon hearing this, the second bishop's eyes filled with joy, and he excitedly said, "Commander, the experiment is currently progressing smoothly. Perhaps it won't be long before the potion made from the fusion of the two types of demonic beast blood can begin human trials. If the experiment succeeds, the original restriction that each member of the blood beast church could only fuse with the blood essence of one type of demon beast will be broken, and church members will be able to fuse with the blood essence of two types of demon beasts. The halfhuman, halfbeast state they unleash will be even more powerful, allowing one person to master all the advantages of two different beasts. At that time, the strength of the blood beast church will be greatly enhanced. Excellent. Let's put the infection plan on the agenda. As the commander spoke, his figure flashed and disappeared from the spot. The eight bishops exchanged glances, then rose and departed, preparing to return to their respective jurisdictions. As they left, the room fell into darkness and silence once more with only the eerie green light flickering in the dim hall. Chapter 62. re-enounter with Leewin's Bloodbull gathering point. After several hours of trekking, Suchin finally arrived at the entrance to the Bloodbull demon cave. After undergoing rigorous identity verification and checks, I successfully entered this place full of danger and opportunity. Upon entering the demon cave, the scene before one's eyes was quite lively. Many people are gathered here, hunting down the Bloodbull with all their might. This was the peak hunting season on the first level of the bloodbull demon cave for two reasons. First, the variousmies had just started their semesters. And for the freshmen, the first level of the demon cave was undoubtedly an excellent place to practice. Second, the corpses of blood bulls were quite valuable, attracting many people to come and adventure. Wow, is that Such Chun? Suddenly, someone in the crowd shouted and everyone turned around, their eyes all turning to Such Chun. Holy crap, it really is Such Chun. He's my idol. I never thought my idol would come to hunt Blood Bowls. Wow, he's even more handsome in person than in the videos. The Kyoto Ability Academyy's resource challenge is highly anticipated throughout Kyoto, which is why many people know Such Chan. Such Chan was a little embarrassed and was about to leave when he was surrounded by the crowd. Susan, please take us with you. Yes, Godu will follow you. All the blood bulls we kill are yours. We don't want any reward. Susan, please take us with you. I can let you touch me. Such Chin's lips twitched slightly. Bring a bunch of burdens. Only someone with a brain full of water would do such a thing. Sorry, I'm heading to the third floor. Follow me if you dare. Suchin walked towards the teleportation vortex leading to the second level. Upon hearing this, everyone stopped in their tracks. The third level is no joke. It's home to tier three blood bowls. Going there is practically suicidal. Having shaken off those people, Such Chan entered the teleportation vortex. Upon entering the second floor, he immediately sensed that there were far fewer people than on the first floor. Such Chan summoned the Death Scythe, a hint of excitement flashing in his eyes, ready to make a big splash. Slay a tier 2 double-blooded bull, kill points plus 400. Slay a tier two, level five bloodb, kill points plus 600. Slay a tier two, triple bloodb, kill points plus 500. The delightful killpoint notification sounds kept reaching Su Chan his ears, making him feel incredibly satisfied. From a distance in the demon's lair came a burst of fierce shouts and curses. your mother. You two have no sense of martial arts. Lewin was filled with grief and indignation on the verge of tears. He never expected to encounter a robbery in this den of iniquity. Is there no justice in this world? Stop talking nonsense and hand over your valuables or today will be your death day. What if I don't pay? Leewang asked, trying to appear calm. Kid, don't think you can act recklessly in front of me just because I'm happy to have Sema today. My dad's not dead yet. If he were, you'd better try handing over your stuff. Leewin's mind went completely blank for a moment. What kind of nonsense was this? Is it that you're happy when your mother dies, but unhappy when your father is still alive? Is this normal language logic on Earth? Ultimately, under their threats, Leewin had no choice but to obediently hand over all his valuables. You're smart to be sensible. My buddy's mom died today, so I'll spare your life. After getting the item, the two thugs laughed and turned to leave. Leewin watched their retreating figures, feeling both angry and resentful, yet helpless. He sighed and quickly prepared to return to the first floor. He cursed and swore all the way. And after walking for only a few minutes, he saw Su Shun carrying the death scythe. He rubbed his eyes and said in disbelief, "Such Chun, hey, I didn't expect to run into you here." "What are you playing a survival game in your underwear?" Suchin looked at Lee Wan and saw that he was only wearing a pair of pleasant goat underwear. He said jokingly. Leewin's lips twitched and he said helplessly, "To be honest, I was robbed." As he spoke, a few tears welled up in his eyes and he made a move to step forward and hug Suchan. Suchin blocked him with one hand and said with disdain, "Don't mess around. I'm not gay." Upon hearing this, Leewin immediately became serious. "Go to hell. Shouldn't you let me lean on your shoulder and strengthen our bond?" Suchin slapped him across the face. "If you were a girl, that would be fine, but you're not even that attractive, bro. Stop joking around and tell me what happened." Lewin sighed and said, "I've been hunting blood bulls in the second level of the blood demon cave for the past 2 days. I was just about to go back when I was spotted by two second tier sixth level thugs. They stole all my things. Luckily, those two thugs are dead, so they let me go. Upon hearing this, Such Chin frowned slightly, wondering what kind of talk this was. Do you know where they are? I'll avenge you. Lewin touched Su Chin's forehead. You don't have a fever, do you? I remember a few days ago you were only at the first or second level of the second tier. You definitely can't beat those two guys at the sixth level of the second tier. Don't take any risks. Stop talking nonsense and take me there. Just as Leewin Gang was about to dissuade him, he heard a familiar voice behind him. Oh. Oh. Oh. What's wrong? You found some helpers since you're not convinced? Upon hearing this, Leewin broke out in a cold sweat and quickly turned around, his face plastered with a fawning smile. Oh, brothers. This is just someone passing by. Please let me go and I'll wish your father a happy life. Fine. I like hearing that, but do you have the nerve to ask me to let you off the hook again? Seeing this, Lewin clenched his fist tightly and whispered, "I'll count to three, two, one, and we'll run together." 32. Before he could finish counting, Suchin walked in front of him and said, "Were you two from the bloodbeast church the ones who bullied my brother? I just investigated and found that these two are members of the Bloodbeast Church. One has the ability of a wolf soul and the other has the ability of perception. Such Chan had never had any goodwill towards the blood beast church. Upon hearing this, the two men's expressions changed drastically. Since you've guessed our identities, then die. Before he could finish speaking, Suchin instantly activated Shadow Flash Scythe in his hand. And before the man could react, he was cleaved in two. You dare to bully my brother? Suchin's brother? Suchin looked at the other person with sharp eyes. Your turn. so powerful. Who exactly are you? Who am I? I'm here to take your dog's life. Such Chan activated shadow flash again, and the death sighthe in his hand swung swiftly towards the man like a black lightning bolt. Upon seeing this, the man hurriedly activated his halfhuman, halfbeast state, and his wolf's soul power instantly erupted. I'm at the sixth level of the second tier. You're at the fourth level of the second tier. The advantage is mine. Advantage my ass. Such Chun swung the demonic side in his hand even more fiercely. Behind the man extended a claw, thinking it could be evenly matched with Such Chun. But unexpectedly, the claw was directly cut off by the demonic scythe. How is this possible? The man screamed, his eyes filled with terror. "Die!" The shadow claw descended from the sky, and the man, unable to react in time, was slammed heavily to the ground. Immediately afterwards, Such Chin stepped forward and swung his demonic sythe fiercely, cutting it in two. Killed. You dare bully my brother? You're trash. Leewan, standing behind him was completely dumbfounded. Such Chun, you're handsome. That's so cool. Second order quadruple power crushes. Second order six-fold power. Huh? No, wait. When? Such Chan got goosebumps all over from his infatuated look. I hope I fight with a knife, not something else. Don't worry, I'm not gay, but you were really cool just now. Suddenly, he remembered something and quickly asked, "Suchun, can you beat a level seven second tier bloodbull with your current strength?" Can? That's good. I've discovered a gathering place for blood bulls in this second valley. They seem to be guarding something. Want to pull off a heist? Then what are we waiting for? Let's go. Chapter 63. Dark Elf Fusion Form. Brother, aren't you scared at all? Lewan asked cautiously. What's there to be afraid of? Didn't you say the strongest monster here is only a second tier seventh level demon beast? To me, I can easily take it down with one hand. Lewan was somewhat helpless. He first shook his head, then nodded. The highest level is indeed the seventh level of the second tier, but don't forget there are still dozens of blood bowls at the third and fourth levels of the second tier. A single tier 2, level seven blood bowl might not be so scary, but dozens of blood bowls gathered together. Just thinking about that scene sends chills down your spine. Are you telling the truth? You're not lying to me, are you? Such Chen's eyes lit up. One kill point is a few hundred. Dozens of kill points would be tens of thousands. Leewin scratched his head, looking at Su Chan with a puzzled expression. Wait, why are you so excited? This isn't a good thing. Never mind that for now. I just want to know if you lied to me or not. I'm not lying to you. I've been hunting monsters on this second level for the past 2 days and I found quite a few blood bowls. They're all gathered in the ravines over there as if they're guarding something. I was just about to go back and notify the military to come and wipe them out when I was robbed on the way and then I ran into you. Leewin said truthfully. Is that so? It's too much trouble to involve the military. I can handle it all by myself. Are you really sure? Lewin asked again to confirm. Sure. All right. If you can't beat them, I'll buy you a nice coffin and burn lots of paper money for you. Leewin said this half- jokingly, but his face still showed worry. Suchin's lips twitched slightly. He ignored Leewin's teasing and then took all three storage rings from the bloodbeast church. This storage ring and its contents should be yours, right? Such handed one of the storage rings to Leewan. Yes, thank you so much, bro. Leewan took the storage ring, then picked up the clothes inside and put them back on. Can you take me there now? No problem. Let's be quiet. No shooting. Lewin walked quietly forward. Suchin shook his head helplessly and followed. The second level is in Blood Ox Mountain. Boss, what exactly is this monster blood essence used for? A henchman approached the leader of the group, Tion Kuang, and asked with a face full of curiosity. Tion Kuang glared at him. Fool, this demon beast blood essence is a great tonic. Not only does it taste delicious, but it can also be used to temper one's body. What use do you think it is? Oh, I see. Boss, can we try some? Don't you want your bull's head anymore? This essence blood is what the king wants. Once we've gathered enough people, we'll go straight to the third level and hand it over to the tribesmen there. Thinking of those delicious essences and blood, Tion Kuang couldn't help but swallow hard. Since arriving on this wretched planet, they haven't had a single good day. They have to hide every day. Tion Kuang secretly vowed that one day he would kill all the humans on this planet and make them slaves. Thinking about these things made him feel much better. On a distant hillside, Such Chan and Lee when were observing the situation below. Such Chan silently estimated in his mind. There were two at the seventh level of the second tier, a few at the sixth level of the second tier, and the most at the fifth level of the second tier totaling about 50 or so. I didn't lie to you, did I? Yeah, you're not lying to me. I'll find you five pretty girls once we get out. You're a man of your word, so what do you think we should do? Shouldn't we make a plan or something?" Leewin stroked his chin, his eyes darting around as he thought to himself that this situation definitely required a comprehensive strategy. Thinking about this, he smiled smugly, feeling that he was really too clever. Su Chan stood up abruptly. In the face of absolute power, any plan is just empty talk. He carried the death scythe and stroed toward the camp where the blood bowls were gathered. Leewin was stunned. Wait, has this person always been this brave? He gritted his teeth and decided to go all out for those five girls. Wait for me. Lewan quickly followed. The two of them swaggered towards the camp where the blood bowls were gathered. Each level of this underground demon cave world is like an independent little world with winding rivers and undulating hills only varying in size. The blood bulls who were gathering immediately became alert when they saw two people approaching from a distance and all assumed fighting stances. Boss, another group of people is here. One of the bloodbull henchmen hurriedly reported to Tion Kuang who was resting. Tion Kuang slowly stood up, looked at Su Chun and Lee Wan in the distance, and a contemptuous smile appeared on his face. Two ignorant and reckless fools. Don't panic. He stretched his muscles which crackled and popped before getting up to deal with the two uninvited guests. "Kid, don't you see how many of us there are? You still dare to come up here?" Ton Kuang carried a huge ax, his eyes filled with mockery. "I came here specifically because there are so many of you." "Haha, I think you've lost your mind, kid. Clan members, let's play with him." Tian Kuang laughed loudly, waved his hand, and several blood bulls immediately rushed forward, their eyes flashing with ferocity as they stared intently at Such Chun. Such Chun smiled slightly. The hunt begins. Shadow flash and instantly appeared in front of the blood bowls. The death scythe drew a graceful arc in the air, and the heads of the blood bulls fell to the ground one after another. Blood gushed out like a fountain, staining the earth red and splattering all over Su Chin's body. A second tier, fourth level cultivator possesses such terrifying strength. Tion Kuang froze for a few seconds, a look of shock flashing in his eyes. He thought to himself, "This kid absolutely cannot be allowed to live. Ton Jean, come out. Let's attack together." As Tion Kuang called out, a nearly 3 m tall minur with a human body emerged from the tent. It held a silver ax and exuded a powerful aura. Ton Kuang, you can't even handle a second tier fourth level piece of trash. Ton Jean looked at Tion Kuang, his tone laced with sarcasm. This kid is very strong and he's most likely a human prodigy. If we kill him, we'll split the credit. Ton Jeans eyes lit up. So, that's how it is. I'd like to see how many moves this human brat can withstand for me. Standing behind Such Chan was filled with terror and said in a trembling voice, "Such Chun, run. I'll cover you. He's an elite level, second tier, seventh level bloodbull. He was filled with regret, never expecting that such a powerful blood bowl was hidden here. Elite level bloodbs and ordinary level ones is enormous. Haha, you came and you think you can run away? Stay here and be our wet stone. Run. Who said that? Suchin's lips curled into a cold smile. Then he summoned the dark elf. Tuantoan, come and try your first fusion possession. Thanks to Su Chin's careful nurturing, Tuantoan has now reached the fifth level of the first tier, which is enough to support the fusion and possession battle. It nodded its little head, then leaped up and merged into Su Chin's body. Such Chin's form underwent a transformation, becoming taller and more slender. The dark elements in his eyes were no longer diffused, but instead swirled slowly like a deep abyss, displaying a noble amethyst color. A lightning bolt pattern with shadow elements also appeared between his eyebrows. What's most striking is the pair of wings that unfold behind him. It is no longer a pure aggregation of dark elements, but is composed of countless tiny shadow feathers with the faint light of stars annihilating flowing at its edges. With a gentle flap of its wings, not only dark stars fell, and even more chilling pressure spread out like a tide, causing the surrounding light to dim and submit. Such Chin stood in midair, feeling the new power surging within his body, a cold smile curving his lips. He looked down at the two blood red bulls, his voice deep and authoritative like a pronouncement. I will execute you. Chapter 64. Slaying a second tier seventh level elite bloodb. You fraudster, you'll pay the price today. Get down here. Tion Kuangs body surged with crimson energy as he leaped into the air, his bronze ax slashing fiercely at Such Chun with the force to split mountains and shatter rocks. Suchin remained calm as he lightly swung the death side in his hand. That seemingly casual swing contained terrifying power. The weapons clashed with a crisp clang, and the bronze ax shattered like glass, turning into countless bronze shavings that scattered in all directions. Immediately afterward, Su Chins eyes narrowed. Shadow claw. In the void, a huge black claw descended from the sky like a meteor crashing down on Tion Kuang. A mere trick. Watch as my iron skin withstands your attack. A strange crimson color emanated from his entire body, making his already strong muscles appear, even deeper and thicker. With a deafening roar, the earth shook and dust billowed into the air. Ton Kuang originally thought he could easily withstand the attack, but he didn't expect to be slammed into the ground by the shadow claw, leaving a huge crater. His body was covered in shocking wounds from which blood gushed. "So powerful. Such immense power. Could this be an SS level ability?" Ton Jean, standing to the side, frowned, a hint of shock and fear flashing in his eyes. The power of this ability is in no way weaker than that of an SS level user. Just who is this kid? Suchin was not surprised. After fusing with the dark elf, he had a better grasp of the dark element and his power naturally increased significantly. Moreover, the source energy within his body has doubled compared to before, further enhancing his strength. Tion Jean, save me, Ton Kuang cried out in despair as he struggled in the deep pit. Ton Jeans face was ashen. Boy, no matter how strong you are, a difference of three realms is not something you can easily overcome. Having said that, he gripped his battle axe tightly with both hands, his blood surging wildly, and shouted, "Heaven, splitting axe." A crimson light shone brightly on the battle axe, and a powerful blood red ax blade slashed towards Sue Chun like a bolt of lightning. Tsk tsk is this the combat technique of your Bloodbull clan? It's nothing special. alien races and demonic beasts is that demonic beasts are in their most primitive form and can only transform into human form after cultivating to a certain level. As for other races, for example, the bloodbull race is human but retains the characteristics of the bloodbull, such as red skin that resembles blood and a bull's head and tail. Another example is the dragon race, which is human in form, but retains dragon horns, tails, and scales. Of course, these alien races can also learn combat skills, but each race has different names for them. Faced with this attack, he gently flapped his wings and easily dodged it. At the same time, the Death Scythe, like a black streak of light, slashed towards Ton Jean. I refuse to believe you can shatter my battle axe. Ton Jean Jang coiled his crimson energy around the silver battle axe, instantly turning the entire axe blood red, clashing fiercely with Su Chin's death scythe. A crisp metallic clang rang out, sparks flying everywhere. The two forces clashed fiercely in midair, creating a powerful shock wave. The strength of my blood bull clan far surpasses that of your human race. You are destined to be defeated today. As Ton Jan spoke, the crimson energy on his silver battle axe grew increasingly intense, gradually gaining the upper hand and suppressing Su Chin's death demon scythe. Unfortunately, your weapon is still too weak. Such Chan flapped his wings violently, and with the force of the impact, his power exploded instantly. Break. The Death Scythe shattered the silver ax with overwhelming force, then plunged deep into Tenjans body. Ton Jeans eyes were filled with disbelief as he stared intently at the death scythe, gleaming with a chilling light on his chest. However, he did not give in. Almost instantly, he stretched out his hands, gripped the death scythe tightly, struggled, and retreated to a distance. Now that you've lost this scythe, let's see how you defeat me. Suchin's lips curled into a cold smile. My true abilities are far more than this. With that, he silently chanted in his mind. System: Upgrade the instant shadow assassination array to the beginner level. Ding! 3,000 kill points consumed. Instant shadow kill formation successfully mastered. In an instant, a strange feeling welled up in Su Chin's heart. His instant shadow killing array was directly upgraded to the entry level, and the feeling of using it freely and skillfully greatly boosted his confidence. I don't believe you can do anything to me without this sickle. Such Chun did not respond, but quickly formed a hand seal. Instant shadow killing array. Activate. In an instant, dark elements surged wildly around Ton Jean, and a dense aura of darkness spread out as if it were a tangible substance. 10 dark shadows suddenly appeared in 10 directions around him. Because Suchin fused with the dark elf after mastering the instant shadow killing formation, he not only gained two more shadows, but these shadows also became more realistic and solid, and the dagger in his hand transformed into a shadow simter. What? What is this? A flicker of fear flashed in Ton J's eyes. He stared in horror at the Tin Shadows, instinctively feeling a tremendous threat. Tin Shadows let out a low howl in unison and pounced towards Ton Jean. Ton Jean swung his fists, trying desperately to disperse the shadows, but his attacks were, as if hitting thin air, completely feudal. These shadows were formed from dark elements, formless and intangible. So, how could his fists possibly dispel them? Uh, screams echoed repeatedly, accompanied by the sound of sharp blades slicing into flesh, sending chills down one's spine. Under this frenzied attack, Tonjas body was covered in wounds and blood splattered everywhere. Finally, after enduring countless attacks, Ton Jean collapsed heavily to the ground and the instant shadow killing array dissipated. Slay a tier 2 level seven elite bloodb kill points plus 1,000. Such Chan gently clenched his fist and the death scythe flew back into his hand as if it had come to life. Then he dispelled his fusion with the dark elf. Such Chin slowly descended from the sky while Tuantoan looked pale and weak. Touanchuan, "Go back to sleep." Such Chin gently patted her little head and said softly, "Tou Anuan nodded, nuzzled Su Chun affectionately, and then transformed into a beam of light, returning to the space of the crescent moon in his hand." Seeing Tuanchan return, Such Chun felt a slight sense of relief. He was very satisfied with the result of this first fusion. The stronger Tuantoan is, the stronger and higher his strength will be after merging with him. Moreover, Tuantoan is still in his infancy. If they were to merge when he reaches his growth period, the increase in strength would be unimaginable. Of course, Tanchin's current level is still a bit low, and the fusion process cannot take too long, which is also a problem he needs to solve. Having gathered his thoughts, Su Chun held the death scythe to Tian Kuangs neck and asked, "Speak. What exactly do you want by gathering here?" "Human, even if you kill me today, I will never utter a single word. you. I'll kill you and ask someone else." The death side sliced across Tion Kuangs neck, and a vivid red spray instantly appeared. Tion Kuang didn't even have time to let out a complete scream before he collapsed to the ground. Life extinguished. dealing with Tion Kuang. Su Chins gaze swept over the dozens of blood bulls trembling in fear around him. You should also set off now. Upon hearing this, the blood bulls panicked and immediately knelt down, pleading, spare our lives. Spare our lives. Such eyes spare you? When you invaded my dragon kingdom and slaughtered my people, did you show them any mercy when they begged for mercy? On the battlefield, there must be no mercy. As soon as he finished speaking, the death scythe in his hand transformed into a black phantom under his swing, roaming freely. Each swing of the magic scythe, a blood bull screamed and fell to the ground. Blood gushed out like a fountain, spreading across the ground like blooming spider liies, both beautiful and terrifying. Two and a half minutes seemed exceptionally long amidst this brutal slaughter. Finally, the last blood bull collapsed to the ground, lifeless. Such Chan put away the death scythe and looked at the kill points displayed by the system 18,900. Feeling a surge of exhilaration. With enough kill points, the dangers of the future no longer seemed so terrible. Meanwhile, Lewan, who was in the distance, seemed to be frozen in place for a long time before he finally came to his senses. His eyes were filled with disbelief, and he muttered to himself, "He actually managed to kill an elite level blood bull three levels above his own? How could someone with only second tier strength achieve such a feat? He originally thought he was bound to lose today, but he never expected Such Chun to be so powerful and even able to transform. All of this was beyond his comprehension. Leewan was overjoyed and immediately slid in front of Su Chun, kneeling down with a thud. Father, you saved my life again. Don't talk about saving me or anything. I should thank you for bringing me to this wonderful place. Leewin nodded first, then his gaze was suddenly drawn to a box in the distance. He immediately got up and ran over. When he saw what was inside the box, he shouted urgently, "Brother Chun, come and see." Chapter 65 achieves a crazy boost to Golden Bones. Such Chun strode closer, then slowly squatted down, his gaze sweeping inside the box. The moment he saw the contents of the box, his eyes lit up with surprise. "How can there be so much demonic beast blood?" Leewan explained, "The situation of alien races is roughly similar to that of us humans. They can also use the essence blood of demonic beasts to temper their bodies. Moreover, for them, this essence blood of demonic beasts is a great tonic." I see. I've learned something new. We've really made a fortune on this trip. This trip was very fruitful. Not only did I get 20,000 kill points, but I also got so much monster blood essence. The essence blood in that box ranged from level six to level three. A rough estimate suggests there were nearly a few dozen vials, which was quite a considerable amount of value. However, amidst the surprise, a question quietly arose in Su Chin's mind. He looked at Lee One and asked, "How exactly did the Bloodbull Clan obtain the essence blood of these demonic beasts?" After a moment's thought, Leewin said, "There are roughly two ways to obtain it. One is that someone joins the Bloodbull Clan, buys it from outside, and smuggles it in. The other is that the blood bull disguises itself and escapes. Secretly hunts monsters and brings back the essence blood. Such Chan frowned even more, a sense of unease rising in his heart. No matter which method was used, it was definitely not good news for them. It's highly likely that some traitors have emerged among humanity. Pretty much the blood bull's offer is too generous and may tempt some people to betray them. Leewin nodded helplessly, a hint of indignation showing on his face. to dwell on this unpleasant issue any longer. Suchin asked, "How should we divide this essence blood?" "Divide it? Of course, it should all belong to you, Brother Chin. If it weren't for you, how could we have all this essence blood? At least you provided me with this location, so you should take some. It would be unfair of me to keep it all for myself. Without you, I wouldn't have discovered this place." Seeing Su Chins attitude, Lewin took out a few vials of demonic beast blood from the box. "That's enough, Brother Chun. I'll use these to temper my body when I get back. All right, I'll accept these. Suchin carefully placed the remaining demon beast blood essence into his storage ring. So, Brother Chun, what do we do next? Naturally, it's about hunting blood bowls. After saying that, Su Chin put all the blood bull corpses into his storage ring, then set the camp on fire and headed towards the next hunting location. One day later, the 10th level of the Bloodbull underground world, the Blood Bull leader, Tu Kuang, sat upright in the main hall and asked coldly, "Have all the demonic beast essences obtained from those humans been delivered?" A subordinate of the Blood Bull clan cautiously replied, "Your Majesty, there were a total of 10 batches of demon beast essence blood, but we only managed to obtain eight. One batch was seized by the human military and the other was abducted by the human race's rising prodigy, Such Chun. Such Chun, the rising star of the human race. Yes, it said that he possesses an S-class superpower and his cultivation speed is extremely fast. He has already reached the fourth level of the second tier. Tu Kuang suddenly stood up. What? His cultivation speed is so fast. How could someone with such a cultivation speed possibly appear on this tiny blue planet? Moreover, his combat skills are also extremely proficient. Your majesty, do you think we should add him to the kill list? The subordinate asked tentatively. The human race kill list is a list specifically created by the Bloodbull Clan for the humans of Blue Star, and it contains 100 people. The Blood Bull Clan can obtain extremely generous rewards as long as they successfully kill those on the leaderboard. Tu Kuang pondered for a moment. Include him on the kill list and directly raise his ranking to 20th. Your Majesty, is 20 a bit too high? The subordinate was startled and couldn't help but voice his doubts. The rewards for the top 20 are extremely generous and could drive the tribesmen crazy. O, how dare you go against my decision. Your subordinate. Your subordinate dares not. The subordinate was so frightened that he quickly lowered his head. Yes. While you're at it, contact those humans again and have them acquire a batch of highle demon beast blood essence. With enough profit, no one can resist. Yes, I will update the kill list and contact those humans immediately. The subordinates retreated from the main hall with trepidation. The second level of the blood bull demon cave. Leewin looked at Such Chan, who had been on a killing spree all day, and a look of helplessness and speechlessness appeared on his face. Brother Chun, you've been killing all day. Aren't you tired? For an entire day, Su Chun was like a god of death, killing relentlessly. Tired? Those bloodthirsty bulls are my source of motivation for cultivation. After the frenzied slaughter from yesterday until now, Suchin's kill points have reached 45,000. You're telling me you're tired? Leewin pursed his lips and muttered. Now we can go back, right? Sure. I've just run out of the source energy potions I brought. I'll come back next time. Lewin looked at Su Chun, his heart filled with doubt. Other S-class superpowered individuals were thinking about how to enjoy life, but Such Chun preferred to kill bloods here. Anyone who didn't know the situation would think that Blood Bulls had stolen Su Chens wife. I admire you more than anyone else. Leewin said with a rise smile and walked towards the exit with Such Chan. Once on the ground, the two chatted for a few more minutes before parting ways. Such Chun returned to Kyoto alone, preparing to start leveling up his skills system. Upgrade my bones to the 10th level of golden bones. He has now reached the second stage and is about to begin condensing his essence and blood. The sooner he completes the bone tempering, the sooner he can enjoy the benefits of the upgrade. The second stage is also known as the blood coagulation realm. The ability user needs to guide the flow of chi and blood throughout the body and gather the essence in adantion. As cultivation deepens, the essence and blood will become increasingly rich. not only nourishing the body and enhancing physical fitness, senses and mental strength, but also improving recovery ability and even granting night vision the ability to locate by sound and senses as sharp as a wild beast. Only by circulating the essence and blood throughout the body and then gathering the essence in the dantion can a cycle of blood clotting be considered complete. As for the maximum number of rounds that can be achieved, no one knows. However, there is a legend that one can begin cultivating spiritual power once blood clotting reaches 18 rounds. One needs to reach the fifth level of spiritual power cultivation or use some rare and precious materials containing spiritual power to begin cultivation earlier. If one can begin cultivating mental power at the second stage, one will be far ahead of others. Ding! 20,000 kill points consumed. The 10th round of bone tempering is complete. Golden bones formed. In an instant, Such Chan felt his bones being shattered by a powerful force and then begin to regenerate. This pain was a hundred times more intense than during the previous rounds of bone tempering. Suchin couldn't help but show a pained expression on his face, but he gritted his teeth and endured the excruciating pain. As his bones began to reassemble, Such Chun felt a sense of lightness throughout his body. Then, his bones began to emit a dazzling golden light. At this moment, his bones are so hard that they are far more indestructible than gold, and his toughness and other aspects have been greatly improved. Of course, most importantly, Suchin became the first person in the entire Dragon Kingdom to possess golden bones. Achieve golden bones. Chapter 66. Cultivation in the Shadow Holy Pool. Such Chan clenched his fist and an unprecedented feeling of exhilaration spread throughout his body like an electric current. Cool. After that, he prepared for the next round of skill point allocation to raise my cultivation level to the seventh level of the second tier. Spent 20,000 kill points to successfully advance to tier 2, level seven. Immediately afterwards, he ordered, raise the nine netherworld undying body to the first level. Spend 5,000 kill points and the nine netherworld undying body has been upgraded to the first level. As Such Chun advanced to the first level of the nine netherworld undying body, he clearly felt that his physique had undergone earthshattering changes. His already strong physique gained even more ferocity, and his movements became even more agile and nimble. This cultivation technique is practically tailorade for me. Suchin couldn't help but exclaim, "This not only increased his physical strength, but also enhanced his agility and flexibility, which undoubtedly gave him a significant advantage in battle. However, when he saw that he only had zero kill points left, he shook his head slightly. But soon, a relieved smile appeared on his face. This trip was worthwhile. After completing the mission back home, I'll train at the dark elemental holy pool. Next time I come, I can start the level skipping challenge. Of course, he had an even grander plan to evolve the death scythe into an SS class scythe on his next trip system. What changes will occur when the death scythe evolves into the SS rank killing scythe? Ding. S-rank Death Scythe possesses the characteristics of being able to cut through iron like mud and being indestructible, while SS rank Death Scythe will unlock the killing characteristic, which will enhance the power of the scithes combat skills and the power of the scythe itself by killing any creature. Upon hearing the systems reply, Such Chin's breathing became rapid. Do you kill monsters to increase your stats and become stronger, and then use the death scythe to kill monsters to increase its power? 66. I'm not even going to act anymore. Thinking about it, it makes sense. Everyone else is using cheat codes, so what's wrong with me exceeding the limit a little? I was originally an overstandard monster. Moreover, he was looking forward to accumulating 100,000 kill points the next time he came here. If accumulating 10,000 kill points grants the dark elf title, what will 100,000 grant? That's something to look forward to. Thinking of this, he was filled with longing for his next trip to the bloodbull demon cave. However, Such Chan was also feeling a bit tired at the moment, and he had used up all the source energy potions, so he still needed to go back and replenish them. He then took a taxi back to the villa at the Kyoto Ability Academy. As soon as I entered the room, I collapsed onto the bed and soon fell asleep. The next day, in the mission hall, Such Chun quietly waited for Liin Shin's arrival, preparing to finish the transaction and head to the Shadow Holy Pool for cultivation. Early in the morning, Such Chun received a call from Chu Xi Ning, saying that he could enter the Shadow Holy Pool, a reward from the resource challenge to cultivate today with a total of three opportunities, each lasting only 3 hours. In addition, Such Chan was rewarded with 5,000 credit points and two opportunities to enter the Dark Element secret realm. The secret realm is not yet open and can only be accessed in a few days. This led Su Chun to call Lie Jinshin early in the morning to arrange a bloodbull carcass trading mission in the lobby. After waiting for a long time, a boy wearing slippers, shorts, and a short-sleeved shirt with slightly messy hair appeared at the entrance of the mission hall and swayed towards Such Chun. Are you Lie Jinshin? Suchin asked uncertainly. Lie Jinshin rubbed his sleepy eyes. It's me. You called me here so early in the morning. If you weren't God Su, I wouldn't have come. Such Chin's lips twitched slightly. All right, can we proceed with the transaction now? Okay, give me the storage ring where you kept the blood bowl. Suchin handed him the storage ring containing the blood bowls. Inside were not only nearly 200 blood bowls that he had hunted himself, but also nearly 100 blood bowl carcasses that the two from the blood beast church had robbed. Lie Jinshin casually took the storage ring, yawned, and examined it indifferently. But upon seeing this, his eyes widened instantly, and he became completely awake. He rubbed his eyes and said incredulously, "Several, nearly 300. Seriously, did Suchin really stir up trouble?" In less than 2 days, they actually killed 300 blood bulls. He originally thought that Such Chan could kill at most a few dozen in 2 days, but the reality before him far exceeded his expectations. "What? You can't accept them all?" Liin Shin inwardly groaned. Indeed, the clan only needed 100 blood bowls, and 300 was far too many. Finally, he gritted his teeth and said, forcing himself to speak. I can take them all. There was no other way. The other party was Sue Chun. Even if there were more blood bowls, he would have to grit his teeth and accept them. Besides, he had promised back then that he would take as much as he could, and he can't go back on his word now. I'll just have to make do with my little savings. That's fine, then. You can calculate how much it will cost. With tears in his eyes, Lie Jinshin began counting the money. A few minutes later, he looked up, smiled bitterly, and said, "It's 15 million Blue Star coins in total. I'll give you 16 million just to make friends, okay? Don't worry. This is definitely the highest price on the market." Suchin quickly estimated the price in his mind and felt that it was about right. He nodded and said, "Give me 20 million. I'm definitely going to be your friend. Everything is for the sake of Tuanto's food supply. Every little bit helps. Li Jinshin remains silent for a moment, feeling conflicted. Finally, he said, "Fine, 20 million blue star coins it is. Spending an extra 5 million to befriend Such Chun is definitely worth it." He just saw with his own eyes the corpse of a tier 2 level seven elite bloodbull inside. Such Chin's cultivation level was only at the fourth level of the second tier. Yet, he was able to kill an elite bloodbull at the seventh level of the second tier. Who else could do that? I love dealing with people like you. You're so straightforward. Li Jinshin sighed and helplessly handed over a card. Here you go. Suchin reached out to take it, but saw that Li Jin Xin's hand was trembling and his face showed a reluctant expression. Such Chun snatched it away with force. Thanks. Keep looking for me if you need any more of these kinds of tasks. Let's go for a drink sometime. Such Chun dashed off, preparing to head to the Shadow Holy Pool for cultivation. Looking at the storage ring in his hand, Liin Shin felt a pang of heartache and wanted to cry, but had no tears. That's my little savings that I've been hoarding for ages. After thinking for a moment, a sly glint flashed in his eyes, and he quickly called his sister, Li Chingqing. Sis, I'll introduce you to someone tomorrow night, and I'll try to make him my brother-in-law. Before Liqing could speak, Lie Jinshin hung up the phone. He secretly calculated that if Su Chan could become his brother-in-law, wouldn't he have to give him a gift of several hundred million or even tens of millions. Thinking of this, he couldn't help but laugh smugly. He I'm so smart. Dark Element Sacred Pool training ground. Many firstear students specializing in dark magic arrived early, their faces beaming with anticipation, ready to begin their cultivation. Many second and thirdyear students who had the opportunity to enter also arrived one after another. When Su Chin arrived, he looked at the long queue, sighed helplessly, and chose to wait in line. Hey, isn't that God Sue? Quickly make way for God Sue. A sudden exclamation came from the front of the line. Holy crap, it really is God Sue. Quickly make way. Without God Sue, how would we have had the chance to cultivate in this dark element sacred pool? Everyone turned around and when they saw it was Su Chun, their faces immediately showed respect and they all made way for him. If it weren't for Su Chan turning the tide and saving their dark element resource challenge, they wouldn't have had the chance to cultivate in this dark element sacred pool. We must not forget the source of our blessings. Such Chan was somewhat flattered and quickly thanked everyone, saying, "Thank you all." He walked straight to the old man at the front desk and said, "Hello, I'm here to cultivate in the shadow holy pool." The old man adjusted his glasses, looked Su Chin up and down, and said with a smile, "Such Chun, right? You have three chances, 3 hours each time. Do you plan to use them all at once or just one at a time?" Suchin thought for a moment, then said, "Let's go alone." Naturally, they should be absorbed separately. The dark elves need to be absorbed together. If they were drained dry, wouldn't that waste two opportunities? The old man nodded and pointed to the door behind him. "Go in and come out on your own in 3 hours. Suchin hesitated for a moment before asking, "Won't they cause me trouble if I drain them dry?" Upon hearing this, the old man burst into laughter. Ha! What nonsense are you spouting, kid? It's impossible to drain someone dry. In the 250 years since the founding of Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy, even the strongest dark elemental expert has only absorbed 10%. Suchin was still somewhat uneasy. "Is this really true?" the old man said confidently. "It's true. You can smoke as much as you want. Although this kid is the chief of the dark element and is considered a peerless genius, he doesn't believe that Such Chan can drain the dark shadow holy pool dry. Impossible. Absolutely impossible. Chapter 67. Bullying a 79year-old. Seeing the old man's confident assurance, Suchin no longer hesitated and walked towards the gate of the sacred pool. With a creek, the gate to the shadow holy pool opened, revealing a passageway paved with dozens of steps. At the end of the steps, a holy pool stood quietly with countless dark elements surging wildly on its surface. To Anuin, "Come out!" Suchin called softly. A small figure flew out from the crescent moon on the back of Such Chens hand. Today, Shiao Anuan is no longer the tiny little creature she once was. She is now almost a meter tall and has broken through to the sixth level of the first rank. Her appearance has become increasingly exquisite and adorable. "Daddy, where is this?" Towanchuan opened her little mouth and uttered a few awkward syllables, clearly not used to speaking yet. To Anuan, you can talk now. A hint of surprise flashed in Such Chen's eyes. Towanchuan stammered. I I know a little. That's a huge step forward, but Tanchuan, you can just call me brother. He always felt a little strange asking Tuanchuan to call him dad. Elder brother. That's right. Well go to that sacred pool later, and you can absorb as much dark element as you want. Anyway, the old man said not to worry and to absorb it without worry and that he wouldn't blame him if it was all absorbed. Uh-huh. Suchan led Shiao to Anuan step by step toward the steps. When they arrived at the edge of the sacred pool, Suchin couldn't help but gasp at the sight before him. The entire sacred pool was like a black lake filled with dark elements so dense they were almost tangible. As far as Suchin knew, this pool of dark elements was worth hundreds of millions. It was all made from various rare and precious dark elements that the school had purchased at great expense and which had been carefully refined and concentrated into essence. Towan, let's begin. He and Tanchuan stepped into the sacred pool together. As soon as they touched the water, dense dark elements surged into their bodies like a tidal wave. Shadow ability training method. Such Chan activated his cultivation technique and several shadows identical to him separated from his body, beginning to frantically absorb the surrounding dark elements. In the past few days, Such Chin's cultivation method has been making continuous progress. Now, several shadows can be condensed together, greatly increasing the efficiency of cultivation. Toin felt as if she had returned to her hometown while in the sacred pool, and a look of intoxication appeared on her face. The dark elemental essence in the sacred pool began to pour into Tanchuan's body at a frenzied pace. "Holy crap!" Suchin suddenly opened his eyes and couldn't help but exclaim. The dark elemental essence formed a huge tornado around Towanchuan, tightly enveloping her and being absorbed by her at an astonishing speed. The dark elemental essence in the pool is rapidly decreasing at a visible rate, and the once full holy pool is now showing a significant decline. Good heavens, I can't hold anyone back. Such immediately increased the intensity of his cultivation, fully activating the shadow ability cultivation technique and manipulating his shadow to absorb and cultivate frantically. Time passed second by second and less than 2 hours later, Suchin slightly opened his eyes, his aura suddenly invigorating. Second tier, eighth level few. The cultivation effect of the shadow holy pool, which is equivalent to several small goals, is really fast. Suchin couldn't help but exclaim. Then he looked at the dark elf Tuanto's realm and was immediately stunned. First tier, 10 levels. Also, how come there's not a single drop of dark elemental essence left in this sacred pool? The once shimmering sacred pool is now just a bare ground, completely looted. Towin, did you do this? Tuanchuan blinked her big watery eyes and said Such Chun was speechless for a moment. Good heavens, he really drained him dry. These shadow holy pools, each containing hundreds of millions of coins, are generally enough for dark elemental students to cultivate for half a year. He didn't even use it for 2 hours before it was drained dry. However, this time the gains were considerable. Not only did he himself advance a level, but Shao Touanchuin also directly advanced to the 10th level of the first rank and was about to break through to the second rank. Touanchuin, go back and rest for a while. I'll bring you again next time. Suchin patted Towin's little head. There are still two more chances. Okay, brother. Tuanchin obediently flew back into the crescent moon on Such Chin's arm. Such Chun straightened his clothes, patted off the dark element residue on his body, and turned to walk towards the gate of the shadow holy pool. Outside the arena, a group of students with dark magic were gathered together, discussing the matter. How much dark element essence do you think Susan can absorb? Susan can absorb at least 20%. Right? After all, he's a god. Just then, the gate to the sacred pool slowly opened, and Such Chin walked out. The old man looked puzzled when he saw Such Chun. Why did you come out so quickly? There's still more than an hour until the agreed 3 hours. Suchin looked a little embarrassed. He couldn't very well say that he was bored inside after being drained of his energy, could he? I have some things to take care of, so I'll head back now. He said it with a faint smile, then turned and left. The old man watched his departing figure and sighed helplessly. Ah, so arrogant, wasting such a precious opportunity. After muttering a few words to himself, he said, "Next." A young man walked over, confirmed his spot and opportunity, and went inside. The old man, meanwhile, lay leisurely on a rottan chair, preparing to take a nap. But just 2 minutes after he lay down, the boy hurriedly came out again. That teacher, it seems the shadow holy pool forgot to replenish its dark element essence, didn't it? The old man frowned. How is that possible? The shadow holy pool was only replenished 2 days ago. The student was speechless. teacher, you can go and see for yourself. The old man scoffed. Humph, I don't believe it. With that, he stood up and stroed into the gate of the sacred pool temple. When the old man arrived at the sacred pool and saw that it was completely empty, he was stunned. My huge pool of dark element essence go. Could it have been taken away? But that doesn't make sense. The essence of the shadow holy pool can't be taken away. It can only be absorbed and used for cultivation. Suddenly, the old man remembered what Su Chan had said earlier. And considering that Su Chan had gone out so early, he suddenly realized what was going on. Was he really drained dry by that kid? That kid drained half a year's worth of dark type students energy in one go. Does that kid have a huge stomach? The old man's face showed a look of impending tears. Such Chan was bullying him, a 79year-old man. Left with no other option, the old man had to call Principles and Tian. Hello, Tian. What's wrong, Mr. Chen? It's nothing. It's just that the shadow holy pool was drained by that kid. You should replenish it with another pool, the old man said with a rice smile. What? The shadow holy pool was just replenished. How could it have been drained by Such Chan? Zung Tanons voice was filled with shock. Sigh. I never expected him to be so outrageous. The old man shook his head helplessly. Zing Tiann was taken aback at first, then overjoyed. It's all right, Professor Chen. Tell the other students to come back tomorrow. The fact that this kid could drain me dry just shows how much potential he has. To be able to drain the essence of the shadow holy pool, one must possess a top tier cultivation method. Meaning Su Chun s cultivation level must have improved significantly. Isn't it a wonderful thing that a peerless genius is rising to prominence? Chapter 68. Shadow sword dance level challenge. The old man pondered for a moment and felt that Zong Tanons words made sense, so he couldn't help but snort coldly. But that kid really is a freak. Haha. The weirder the better. The more exceptionally talented the genius, the better. As long as he can become a student of my Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy, then everyone will be happy. The two chatted casually for a few more minutes before hanging up. The old man sighed softly, then went out to explain the reason to the students who were waiting in line, saying that they would come back tomorrow. After leaving the sacred pool, Suchin quickly returned to the villa. As soon as he entered the house, he couldn't wait to start searching for dark type combat techniques. Xiao Hua, list out all the dark type combat skills for me. Whether you can buy them or not, don't leave any out. With the previous credits and the bonus credits, I can buy another book. Master is checking for you. Xiao Huas electronic voice sounded in the air. 2 minutes later, the query ended and a blue light screen slowly appeared in front of Su Chan. Suchin stepped forward and carefully searched through the screen. Looking at the dazzling array of dark elemental combat techniques on the light screen, he couldn't help but drool. 8,000 shadow troops. It can actually create countless shadow elements to form a thousand troops for attack. That's amazing. And this void execution ground directly executes and strangles enemies marked by shadows. It's like killing people without them even realizing it. Suchin exclaimed as he watched this. This ancient shadow dragon technique can actually summon the shadow dragon from ancient legends. Holy crap, who said dark magic is weak? Every single one of these combat techniques is awe inspiring and terrifying. Suchin secretly vowed to himself that he would definitely acquire all of these dark type combat techniques. But when he saw the level requirements for these combat skills, the smile on his face instantly froze. These combat skills are at least level 8, requiring SS level authorization, but his current authorization is insufficient, and his credit points are far from enough. Shiaua spends 6,000 credit points to buy me the sixth tier combat skill, shadow sword dance, and use the rest of the credit points to buy shadow crystals, shadow sword dance. Gathering the power of dark elements, weaving it into sharp shadow swords around the body. The shadow swords move with the user's will, striking precisely according to the user's intentions. When perfected, all 18 shadow swords are unleashed simultaneously, multiplying their power. This combat skill is quite suitable for him at the moment, and it can be used in combination with the shadow claw, which may produce unexpected results. Received expected delivery this afternoon. After finishing his meal, Suchin took out his phone and called Chu Xi Ning. Hey, teacher Chu, I'd like to ask if the grade skipping challenge can be started in a week. Such Chun asked directly. Chu Xining was somewhat surprised. So fast. Are you really ready? He didn't expect Su Chun to be so quick. He originally thought the application would be submitted at the end of the month. It's not there yet. I just wanted to make an appointment in advance. Is a week from now. Okay, teacher. Okay, since you're so determined, I'm willing to believe you. Shu Xeening hesitated for a moment, but finally agreed. Seeing that she agreed, Su Chin chuckled. Teacher Chu, if I successfully challenge someone of a higher level, it will be considered a breakthrough in the history of Kyoto Superpower Academy. Could you give me a combat technique manual? Okay, as long as you can successfully challenge a higher level, I'll buy you any combat skills below the eighth rank and even pay half the price. If Such Chan can successfully skip a grade and take on the challenge, it would be a tremendous good thing for her. As Suchin's teacher, her own value will also skyrocket. Of course, it sounds simple, but skipping levels is easier said than done. It's an incredibly difficult task. Really, teacher Chu? Really? I have SS level authorization to buy it for you. Okay, it's a deal. Let's start the level skipping challenge in a week. I look forward to your performance, Chu Xining said with a smile. After exchanging a few more words, the two hung up the phone. After hanging up the phone, Su Chun looked at the batch of essence blood and frowned. Who should we sell this batch of essence blood to? After a long pause, he thought of Li Jinshin from that morning. Maybe this kid has a way. So, Such Chun dialed Lie Ginshin's number. Hey, bro. Do you buy Essence Blood? Buy it all. Take as many as you can. Li Jinshins voice was filled with excitement. Shall we meet at the usual place again and then make the deal? No. No. No. Come to the Peak Hotel tonight. We can make the deal there at 8:00. I was originally planning to introduce him to his sister, Lie Chingqing, tomorrow night, but it looks like I'll have to do it earlier. Okay, I'll contact you tonight." After hanging up the phone, Such Chan sat cross-legged and began to circulate his cultivation technique, entering a meditative state. Inside the office of the sophomore dean of students, Such Chan is going to start his grade skipping challenge in a week. Should we, the secondyear students, prepare in advance? Chu X Shang Yang, the sophomore dean of students, spoke with a hint of skepticism. That's right. Is there a problem? Shu XY chuckled, a hint of disdain flashing in his eyes. Although Su Chan is very strong, it wouldn't be an exaggeration to call him a prodigy. But if you want to start the level skipping challenge, it's all for nothing without the strength of the third tier. Do you think his training in the past 10 days or so can catch up with others training progress of more than a year? Chu Xining gently shook her head. If I can't catch up, I can challenge those above my level. There's no rule that you have to be at the third rank to unlock it, right? Chu Xang Yong adjusted his glasses, a hint of impatience in his eyes. Fine, go ahead and activate it if you want. See you in the second year dual arena a week from now. If he gets crushed, then he'll be the one who loses face. I meant well. Such Chun was only at the fourth level of the second tier just 2 days ago. Even with this week's time, his cultivation level would be at most the sixth or seventh level of the second tier. How could he possibly fight against a second-year university student at the third tier? He'll likely be crushed, and this defeat might even crush him. Chu Xinings expression turns slightly cold. My students are not subject to Director Chus meddling. The outcome of their challenge against those of higher levels will be clear in a week. Haha, okay, see you in a week, Chu XY said with a big laugh. This is going to be interesting. He looked at Chu Xining and thought to himself, Chu Xining must have been fooled by Such Chun. Such Chin became arrogant after defeating a student of a lower level than himself and actually thought that challenging someone of a higher level was easy. But challenging someone of a higher level is often the most difficult. It's incredibly difficult to overcome even one or two levels. How could a second level kid possibly defeat a third level student? Since he's so arrogant, let's teach him a lesson in his sophomore year. Let him understand that a year's or more of cultivation gap cannot be bridged in just a few days. Seeing that the matter of skipping grades to take the challenge was settled, Chu Xining turned and left. Although she was also worried about whether Suchin could do it as his teacher, if even she didn't believe in her student, then who else could? Regardless, she chose to believe in Such Chun. Even if he loses this time, he can take it as a lesson to make Such Chan realize his shortcomings and work harder in his cultivation in the future. She sighed. Such Chun, don't disappoint your teacher. Chapter 69. Peak Hotel. Lie Chingqings excessive demands. As night quietly descended, Kyoto was illuminated by dazzling lights, presenting a scene of extravagant and decadent prosperity. In front of the Pinnacle Hotel, luxury cars are lined up densely like stars gleaming brightly. As a renowned hotel in Kyoto, this place has always been a top choice for wealthy people seeking pleasure. Standing outside the hotel, Suchin glanced at the extremely luxurious exterior of the building and couldn't help but click his tongue. As expected, the rich know how to enjoy life. However, doubts also lingered in his mind. What was Lie Jinshin's purpose in calling him here to make the transaction? With these questions in mind, Such Chun stepped forward to enter only to see two men in work uniforms at the door, smiling and saying, "Hello, sir. Please show me your ball invitation." Suchin was slightly taken aback. Can I go in without an invitation? I'm very sorry. Yes, sir. Suchin nodded slightly, not making things too difficult for them. After all, these two were polite and gentle, completely different from the snobbish characters he had encountered in Tomato novels before his transmigration. He originally thought he would have the chance to be ridiculed like in a novel and then show off his dragon token to slap the other side in the face. But reality is not a novel and there are not so many dramatic conflicts. At this moment, Lie Jin Shin ran out of the hotel wearing a suit. Brother Chen, you finally arrived. Such Chan said irritably. So, you finally decided to come out and pick me up. Oh, dear. I'm so sorry. I was so busy I forgot. Did they give you any trouble? No. Their attitude was very good. Hearing this, the two guards at the door secretly breathed a sigh of relief. The person who was greeted so respectfully by the young master of the Leaf family must be someone of great importance. Fortunately, they hadn't made any mistakes. That's good. Come on, I'll take you inside to have some fun. Suchin was somewhat speechless. Didn't we agree to come here for a transaction? What are we doing here? Don't always push yourself so hard. You need to relax and have some fun, too. I've specially invited a gorgeous woman to introduce to Brother Chin today. A beautiful woman. Suchin raised an eyebrow. So, are you tempted? Suchin shook his head. What's there to be excited about? We can't kiss or touch each other, so what's there to be excited about? I'm only interested in beautiful women I can kiss and touch. I don't want women I can only look at. Liin Sheen's lips twitched slightly. Feelings have to develop gradually. I'll take you to meet them. The two entered the hotel where a lively dance party was being held in the lobby on the first floor. Colorful lights flashed and shimmerred, and countless men and women dressed in gorgeous designer clothes swayed and danced with passion on the dance floor. Lie Jeene Shin said smuggly. How about it, Brother Chun? Quite a few beauties, huh? Suchin said indifferently. I'm not interested. No matter how beautiful it is, I can't touch it. Li Jin Xin was speechless for a moment. Don't be such a spoil sport. What do you think of that beautiful lady at the table in the corner? Let me introduce her to you. Whatever you want, but talk to me about the deal as soon as you're done. I have important things to do tomorrow. I need to get kill points tomorrow to evolve my death scythe. All right, let's get to know the beauty first. We'll talk about the deal later. Lie Jinshin pulled Su Chun and walked towards the beauty. Upon arriving, sis, this is the handsome and incredibly capable Su Chun I told you about. What do you think? Li Chingqing, who had been feeling rather bored, slowly turned around when she heard the voice. When her gaze fell on Such Chan, a gleam of surprise flashed in her eyes, "Oh, it's you, handsome young man." Such Chan was also slightly takenback and said in surprise, "It was you." But at this moment, he couldn't help but wonder because this was completely different from the Li Chingqing he remembered when he first met her. The woman before me was wearing a pair of exquisite high heels, which made her figure appear even taller. A form-fitting purple Chong Sam, as if tailor made for her, perfectly outlined her slender waist and full per hips exuding elegance and sexiness. Her face was as exquisite as a finely sculpted work of art with fair, delicate, and flawless skin. Her long dark hair was slightly curled and cascaded smoothly over her shoulders like a waterfall. Such Chan was secretly amazed. Was this really the same ordinary looking girl he had met for the first time? Just as Such Chan was stunned, a sharp and arrogant voice suddenly came from behind him. These two seats are taken. Get out of the way right now. Such Chan turned his head and saw a greasy-faced man standing there arrogantly. This man was Juwan Liinshin was instantly enraged. Are you blind? You want to date my sister without even finding out who I am? How dare you kick us out? Jibo was slightly takenback, a hint of embarrassment flashing across his face. He quickly smiled apologetically. Oh, it's my brother-in-law. I was blind. But then he turned to Such Chun and said bluntly, "You get out of here right now. This seat isn't for you." Su Chens eyes turned cold. "Idiot, you think you can make me leave after you've swiped a few coins for me? Oh my, pretty boy, you're pretty arrogant. Who do you think you are daring to sit here? Believe me or not? I'll break your legs." Jibo said with a disdainful look. At this moment, Li Chingqing took a small sip of her drink and casually said, "He's my boyfriend." Jibo was taken aback at first, then realized what he meant and sneered. Humph, don't try to fool me. He shouldn't have been here long, right? How could he be your boyfriend? So, does this person have the right to tell you to shut up? Such Chan revealed the dragon token, which symbolized supreme power, in his hand. Jibo saw the dragon token. His face turned deathly pale, his legs went weak, and he knelt down with a thud. Grandpa, I was blind and didn't recognize your greatness. Please forgive me. Dragon tokens in the entire dragon kingdom and all of them are people of noble status and prominent position. Jibo had just come in. Seeing Su Chan dressed plainly. He assumed he was just some nobody trying to pick up girls. So he decided to show off. But to my utter surprise, I kicked an incredibly hard iron plate. It was like running into the muzzle of a gun. How could a nevo ree like him possibly go head-to-head with someone who possesses the dragon token? You have eyes but can't recognize a great man. then you don't need to keep your eyes. A pitch black shadow claw appeared out of thin air and slammed heavily into Jwoods body. Jibo let out a shrill scream and collapsed to the ground. His body covered in wounds and bleeding profusely. Immediately afterwards, Such Chan waved his hands, condensing two dark elements that, like black arrows, pierce straight through Jibo's eyes. Such Chan would not show any mercy to such bullies who rely on their power and take advantage of the weak. With that combo, he's probably doomed. It's better if he dies so there's one less villain. Why don't you hurry up and thank God Sue for sparing your life? Lie Jinshin added fuel to the fire. Despite the excruciating pain, Jibo Weekly said, "Thank thank you God Sue." At this moment, his heart was filled with regret and fear. He finally recognized the person in front of him as the famous freshman champion Such Chun. He regretted not recognizing her sooner, but it was all too late. Take him away. Don't give him any treatment. Where are the staff? What are you all standing there for? Hurry up and carry him away. Anyone who dares to treat him is going against the Leaf family. Li Jinshin hurriedly ordered. These words were without a doubt a death sentence for Jibo. In this dog eat dog world, a small-time Novo Ree can simply die and that's it. Nobody will care. Jibo screamed in despair. No. As Suchin did this, many people around him immediately turned their attention to him. This isn't that Jeb would want good riddance. I saw him bullying a little girl just a few days ago. These neuvo ree think they can do whatever they want just because they have money. But they never expected to run into a mountain like Such Chun. As expected of the top student in the first year, if I had a dragon token, I would kill someone like that at will. Many people are discussing it. Lie Jinshin then turned to Su Chun and grinned. Brother Chun, did I handle this pretty well? Suchin nodded slightly and said approvingly, "Not bad. Decisive enough." "He, then I'll have a good chat with my sister. I won't bother you any longer." Li Jinshin tactfully stepped aside. Lie Chingqing smiled slightly and said in a teasing tone, "What a coincidence. I thought my brother was introducing me to someone else, but it turns out it was you." Suchin smiled and said, "Yes, it is quite a coincidence. I didn't expect it to be you. I never expected it to be Li Chingqing, and I never expected her to be so beautiful. H. It seems we're really destined to meet, handsome young man. How about we dance together? Lie Chingqing said, extending her hand. I might not be very good at dancing. Please don't mind. Li Chingqing gently took his hand. It's okay. I'll teach you. The two stepped into the center of the dance floor. Such Chan awkwardly followed Lie Chings steps and said with some helplessness, "I don't think I'm really good at dancing. In my past life, I was a college student. How could I possibly be a dancer?" Li Chingqing smiled and comforted her. "It's okay. Take your time. After I teach you, you have to grant me a request, okay?" Such Chan was slightly takenback and asked curiously, "What request?" Li Ching Ching gently approached him, whispering seductively in his ear, "Spend the night with me." Chapter 70. Lie Chingqings predicament. Beast taming alliance. Such Chin's dance moves abruptly stopped, his face filled with surprise. "What did you say? You want me to spend the night with you?" He immediately wondered to himself, "How could such a good thing fall into his lap? Could there be some ulterior motive? Or is Lie Ching Ching simply a promiscuous and carefree person? Handsome young man, why are you so surprised? Am I not good-looking enough?" Lie Chingqing puffed out her chest, trying to show off her assets. Suchin composed himself. It looks good, but I think there must be another reason behind what you did, right? Although Lie Chingqings first impression was somewhat frivolous and dissolute, Such Chun had a gut feeling that she was hiding some kind of plan deep down. What a smart and handsome young man. She just wants to entrust her first time to someone she can trust. A barely perceptible hint of sadness and helplessness flashed in Liings eyes. If she hadn't been desperate, why would she have resorted to such a desperate measure? Suchin frowned slightly. In his understanding, a girl's first time was incredibly precious and should never be treated so casually under normal circumstances. If you encounter any difficulties, you can tell me. Maybe I can help. He was certain that Li Chingqing must have encountered some difficulties, but he didn't know the specifics yet. Seeing that Such Chen seemed to have guessed something, Lie Chingqing gently shook her head. "It's not difficult. I was just joking and saying it casually to test whether you're the kind of person who's easygoing. Is it really that simple?" Suchin asked back. Really? Let's not talk about that anymore. Come on, I'll teach you to dance. Liingqing skillfully changed the subject, and her faint smile returned to her face. In the end, she chose to give up confiding in others. Perhaps she could only silently accept her fate. Next, Li Ching began to patiently teach Su Chun how to dance. Under the soft lights, music flowed gently, and the two figures danced to the rhythm. A few minutes later, the song ended and they left the stage hand in hand. This little boy learned so fast. He has a real talent for dancing. Li Chingqing smiled charmingly, then went upstairs, leaving Such Chun standing alone in the same spot. Watching her departing figure, Su Chin turned and walked towards Lie Jinshin, who was flirting with a girl nearby, intending to extract some valuable information from him. "Wow, you've already started flirting with her." Lie Jinshin turned around with a mischievous grin on his face. Brother Chun, weren't you flirting with my sister just now, and she even offered to teach you how to dance. This is a once-ina-lifetime opportunity. He originally just wanted to introduce Su Chun to his older sister, Liingqing, but he never expected that his older sister would actually take a liking to Such Chun. That kid really hit the jackpot. What do you mean? Your sister seems like a very easygoing and open-minded person to me. Suchin asked tentatively. Li Jinshin quickly waved his hand, his expression serious. Brother Chin, don't talk nonsense. My older sister isn't that kind of person. She's usually very resistant to contact with the opposite sex, and she's never even been in a relationship since she was a child. As for why she's so special to you, I have no idea either. Based on past experience, when Lie Ginshin introduced men to his older sister, she would at most show her face out of politeness and then find an excuse to refuse to leave. But this time, she not only invited Such Chin to dance, but even let him put his arm around her waist, which was really unusual. Could it be that the eldest sister is really so infatuated with Such Chin's handsomeness? Suchin fell into deep thought. Based on Li Jinshins words, he could draw a conclusion. Li Chingqing must have some purpose or request in approaching him. After all, what kind of logic is there in wanting to get intimate with a beautiful woman after only meeting her twice, unless she's poisonous? He shook his head. no longer dwelling on the issue. Now, can we talk about the deal? He has important business to attend to. Tomorrow, he needs to go to the Blood Bowl demon cave to obtain killing points to evolve his death scythe. Lie Jinshin looked helplessly at the girl beside him. Little sister, I'll teach you 36 positions later. Then he turned to Sue Chan, the person you're dealing with is the person in charge of the Peak Hotel. I'll take you to meet him. Lie Jinshin reluctantly left the girl, took Such Chan into the elevator, and headed towards the third floor of the Peak Hotel. Bite. The elevator doors slowly opened, revealing a slightly overweight man in a sharp suit standing in the doorway. Upon seeing them, the man's face immediately lit up with a smile, and he said respectfully, "We have distinguished guests visiting, but I have failed to greet them properly. I am truly sorry for the poor hospitality." His subordinates had already reported what had happened downstairs. He was just about to go downstairs to greet Su Chun when unexpectedly the other man came upstairs himself. All right, I'll leave this to you guys. I'm going back to chasing girls. As soon as Lie Jinshin finished speaking, he disappeared in a flash. Such Chan watched his departing figure, a black line appearing on his face. This was just too unreliable. He turned his head and asked, "Do you buy the essence blood of demonic beasts here?" "Of course, I'll acquire your essence. You can call me Leuguay. Let's go inside and talk slowly. He gestured for him to enter, his eyes showing a hint of respect. Such Chan possesses the dragon token and coupled with his unparalleled talent. He naturally deserves to be treated well. Um Suchin followed him into the office and as soon as he sat down, he took out his storage ring and said bluntly, "How much do you think these are worth?" Lefuguay put on his glasses and began to examine the item carefully. When he saw the essence blood of the demon beast in the storage ring, he couldn't help but be slightly takenback. It actually contains the essence blood of a demon beast of the highest rank, the sixth level. He originally thought Su Chun had just gone out to hunt some ordinary demonic beasts and obtained some essence blood to sell, but he didn't expect that there would be such highle essence blood. His expression instantly turned serious. There are several pieces of sixth tier demonic blood here worth 30 million. The remaining fifth tier and fourth tier blood essence is worth over 10 million. How about this? I'll give you a total of 50 million blue star coins. What do you think? Such Chun was overjoyed. He hadn't expected that the essence blood of these demonic beasts would be so valuable. Bringing in 50 million blue star coins in one go. Sure. If I have more next time, Mr. Lee, will you still accept it? Since we've already robbed them once, what's wrong with robbing them a few more times? What? That's yours? What I see is mine. Robbery. Leuguay was puzzled. How could Su Chun, an ordinary commoner, possess such a highle essence blood? Without much thought, he readily agreed. No problem. How about this? I'll give brother Sue 60 million blue star coins, and you help me capture a top tier bloodline demon beast. In return, I'll give you a dark elemental cultivation technique as payment. You can't catch a wolf without risking your cub. Since Such Chun has the ability to obtain highle demon beast blood essence, he might also be able to find demon beasts with top tier bloodlines. In Su Chen's eyes, what do you need a living top tier bloodline demon beast for? Chapter 71. Beast Taming Alliance versus Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy. Leuguay shook his head, a helpless smile on his face. It's not that I have any personal needs. To be honest, I was entrusted by the Beast Taming Alliance to find top tier bloodline beasts for them to form contracts with. Such Chin's eyes narrowed slightly, a barely perceptible hint of inquiry flashing in them. He had only heard of the Beast Taming Alliance and did not know much about it. He couldn't help but ask, "Mr. Lee, could you tell me more about the Beast Taming Alliance? I'm quite interested in it." Of course. Leuguay took a sip of tea, cleared his throat, and began to explain. The Beast Taming Alliance is a civilian organization. Once you join, you can learn the alliance's unique beast taming techniques. However, acquiring this secret technique is not without cost. It requires sacrificing one's own special abilities in exchange for the ability to control demonic beasts. Of course, under normal circumstances, members can only ride monsters of the same level as themselves. Only a very few exceptionally talented individuals can ride monsters of a higher level. Take for example Hibbo Bay, the leader of the beast taming alliance. He controls a king- level bloodline demon beast whose strength is truly formidable. So besides losing one's supernatural abilities, are there any other costs to controlling demonic beasts? Suchan felt that the cost of losing his superpower was too small since there were plenty of useless superpowers out there. Leuguay revealed a meaningful smile and said, "The price to pay is not small. Once a contract is established with a demon beast, the master will also suffer severe injuries upon the beast's death. Moreover, if the monster grows too fast while the master grows too slowly, the monster may become uncontrollable and even kill the master. This is why the beast taming alliance's strength has always been in an awkward position, neither weak nor strong. Suchin's expression changed slightly. The price was indeed too high. Not only will they lose their superpowers, but the death of the monster will also cause severe backlash and injuries. They may even be killed by the monster in the middle of the night when they are caught off guard, and they will also have to spend a lot of resources to cultivate the monster. After a moment's thought, he agreed. Thank you for your explanation, Mr. Lee. I will grant your request. I've been to the Bloodbull Demon Cave twice before. This time, I'm going to the wilderness around Kyoto to hunt monsters and find top tier bloodline monsters. It's a win-win situation and I can also get dark type cultivation techniques. Why not? Haha, brother Sue is indeed straightforward. Leuguay laughed, took out a bank card from his pocket and handed it to Such Chun. There's 60 million in here and the password is 6 zeros. Happy to do business with you. Suchin reached out and took the bank card. Thank you, Mr. Lee. I will definitely come back to you if I need anything in the future. Okay, definitely. After exchanging a few more pleasantries, Such Chin left the office. He glanced at the time. It was already 10 p.m. and he should go back and get a good night's sleep. Kyoto, headquarters of the Beast Taming Alliance. Wu Henji, the vice leader of the alliance, laughed loudly with a smug smile on his face. Huh, my son truly has the bearing of an emperor. He actually managed to control a top tier bloodline beast at the fourth level of the second tier with only the ninth level of the first tier. Such talent is truly rare in the world. Beside him, Wu Air bowed slightly, his face showing respect. I must thank father for going to great lengths to find this top tier bloodline beast, the white feather thunder eagle. Without father's support, I would not have been able to achieve this. The white feather thunder eagle, a top tier bloodline beast wielding wind and thunder elements, filled Wu Air with confidence. Tomorrow, I'll go to Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy to challenge them. I'm sure no one can stop me. He had naturally heard of Su Chin's legend. But now that the white feather thunder eagle was by his side, what did he have to fear? He clearly remembered that Su Chin's realm two days ago was the fourth level of the second tier. Even if he had improved in the past 2 days, he would at most be the fifth level of the second tier. His second tier, fourth level top tier bloodline, the white feather thunder eagle, definitely has the strength to defeat Such Chun. Monsters are inherently stronger than humans, let alone such powerful beings with top tier bloodlines. Unless Su Chin's cultivation level can soar to the eighth or even ninth level of the second tier in just 2 days, but this is clearly an impossible path of cultivation, how could it be so easy? Wuhanji nodded in satisfaction. Yes, this is certainly due to my efforts as your father, but more importantly, it's because you have exceptional talent. We challenge them tomorrow. Let's go all out and show those new students from the Kyoto Ability Academy the true strength of our Beast Taming Alliance. The challenge naturally involves taking on the new students of the Kyoto Ability Academy. Like the academy, the Beast Taming Alliance conducts recruitment campaigns every year. However, the cost of Beast Taming is too high, resulting in consistently poor enrollment, and the annual challenge matches are often evenly matched. But this year, Wuhenji believes the situation will be completely rewritten. So what if Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy produced Such Chun? Their Beast Taming Alliance has Wuer Fawn, who has top tier talent. Tomorrow's challenge will be the best publicity opportunity for the Beast Taming Alliance. Wu Air Fon's eyes shown with intense fighting spirit as he said, "Father, rest assured, I will do my best. After the Kyoto Ability Academy challenge ends, I also plan to go to Shanghai to promote our beast taming alliance and attract more new students to join. Our beast taming alliance shouldn't remain so lukewarm forever. Tomorrow will be the day we rise to power. Also, the day that Susan, who was known as the legendary number one person of this generation, was brought down from his pedestal. I will prove with my actions that superpowers are ultimately no match for beast taming. I, Wu Air, am the number one of this new generation. What, Such Chun? He only deserves to be crushed by me. Haha, that's ambitious. Ambitious. I look forward to your brilliant performance tomorrow. I will not let my father down. Wu Henji's smile grew even brighter, his heart filled with anticipation. The Beast Taming Alliance will usher in a new era of glory tomorrow, and it's time for a change of the top player in this generation. The next day, Kyoto Ability Academy Arena at the university saw the beast taming alliance members arrive in a menacing manner. He couldn't help but frown slightly with a fake smile on his face. Wuhenji spoke first. Director Jang, it's been a long time. Jackie Chong responded nonchalantly. It has indeed been a long time, vice leader. May I ask what brings these people behind you here? Are they perhaps planning to challenge me? A freshman this year? He was somewhat puzzled. This year, s freshmen include a monster like Su Chun, and the beast taming alliance actually dares to challenge him. Could it be that they also have a powerful character among them? Wu Hangji smiled confidently, a hint of provocation in his eyes. Not bad, director Jeang. What are your freshman too scared to accept the challenge? What's there to be afraid of? Jackie Chong snorted, a hint of anger flashing in his eyes. He directly called the deans of various departments, especially Chu Xining of the dark arts department and asked them to send their departments elites to prepare for the challenge from the beast taming alliance. His confidence stemmed from Su Chen's presence. Seeing that Jackie Chong had accepted the challenge, Wuhenji was secretly pleased and said, "How about we add a prize? If you win, our beast taming alliance will obey your orders once. If we win, our new disciples will be allowed to openly compete and train at the Kyoto Supernatural Ability Arena. How about that? As long as the new students of the Beast Taming Alliance can come to the arena of the Kyoto Ability Academy for training, then some new students from the academy will definitely be attracted by the ability to tame beasts and join their alliance. A win-win situation. As for losing, impossible. Suchin will be cut down as well. The bloodline of a top tier demon beast is extremely powerful, making Su Chun invincible. Chapter 72. Wu Airs provocation and Xi Yao s bet. Okay, I promise you. Jackie Chong readily agreed. He secretly wondered to himself, could this newcomer of the beast taming alliance possibly be stronger than Such Chin? You should know that he strictly adheres to the principle of casting for Such Chun if he is Such Chun, otherwise casting randomly if he doesn't. Seeing that Jackie Chong had fallen for the trap, Wuhenji waved his hand and said, "Airfawn, get on the stage." Wu Airfon leaped onto the arena, scanned his surroundings, and arrogantly shouted, "Those who want a challenge, line up and come one by one. Today, a burning fighting spirit ignited in his heart, and he vowed to emulate Su Chun and kill 100 people on this arena. Suchin can do, Wuer Fon can do, too. Suchin couldn't do, Wu Air could do just as well." He wanted everyone to know that he Wuer fon was stronger than Su Chun. Upon seeing this, the surrounding students all tensed up and looked cautious. The beast taming alliance knows Su Chin's reputation. Yet, they still dare to be so arrogant. They must have some real skills. Brother Airfon, look at those students. They're all so timid. When they saw you go on stage, they didn't even have the courage to challenge you. That's right. The Kyoto Ability Academy is nothing special. Full of scoundrels. Oh dear, don't say that. Kyoto Ability Academy also has its pride. The new members of the Beast Taming Alliance gathered together, their tone full of disdain. Damn it, I can't take it anymore. From below the stage, a young man suddenly sprang up, his figure flashing as he leaped onto the ring. In his hand gleamed coldly, pointing directly at Wuer Fawn. Suming, Department of Gunners, please enlighten me. Finally, someone dared to stand up. I thought you were all cowards. Wu Airs lips curled into a cold smile, and his aura instantly erupted, revealing his powerful realm of the ninth level of the first rank. Upon seeing this, Suming couldn't help but frown slightly. He was confident in his A-level superpower, and his first level, six-stage cultivation, which made him stand out among his peers. Unexpectedly, Wu Airs cultivation level had reached the ninth level of the first rank, which was extremely terrifying. illusion. Suming activated his supernatural ability. In an instant, several elucory shadows appeared behind him, attacking Wu Air together like several black lightning bolts moving at an extremely fast speed. Wu Air remained calm. A contemptuous smile playing on his lips. Come out, white feather thunder eagle. A mysterious pattern lit up on the mark of the beast taming space that he had created in his body using a secret technique between his brows. Immediately afterwards, a huge white- feathered thunder eagle broke free of the seal and soared into the sky, its wings spreading out and blotting out the sun. The white feather thunder eagle instantly created two enormous tornadoes like two black dragons, which roared and swept towards Suming. Suming felt a powerful force rushing towards him, which he could not resist at all. He was sent flying dozens of meters away and crashed heavily to the ground. Suming struggled to his feet, staring at the enormous white- feathered thunder eagle with eyes full of horror, muttering to himself, a top tier, second tier, fourthle demonic beast. Before he could finish speaking, he could no longer hold on and collapsed to the ground. Wuer fon stood on the arena, a victor smile on his face. You're all such pathetic trash. Everyone down here, send a dozen or 20 of you to come at me all at once. Fighting you one by one is no different than fighting a bunch of trash like me. The audience below the stage were terrified at the site, including Jackie Lee. Holy crap. This is a top tier bloodline white feather thunder eagle at the fourth level of the second tier. Isn't it said that the beast taming alliance is all rather weak? How are we supposed to fight them? I'm afraid none of us freshmen are a match for them. No, there's still one more person. Quickly go and invite the Buddha. No, quickly go and invite God Su. Jackie Chong, standing to the side, had a gloomy and extremely unpleasant expression. Seeing this, Wuhanji smirked coldly. Director Jeang, how about it? Do you still have confidence? Jackie Chong remained silent for a long time. If Su Chin's cultivation level remained at the second level, fourth stage, then the chances of winning were extremely slim. Monsters are inherently powerful, let alone monsters with top tier bloodlines, which are even more formidable. Is the Kyoto Supernatural Ability Academy really going to open up to the Beast Taming Alliance? O, of course, I'm confident. Such Chin isn't someone you can easily shake. Jackie Chung said, forcing a smile. Wu Hangji sneered. He won't shed tears until he sees the coffin. I hope that so-called god Su won't be a coward. He emphasized the words Susan with great force. His tone full of contempt. Villain number one, Such Chun. If you don't get up now, your 36D busted beauty wife is going to run off with a virgin. Inside the room, Xi Yao Yao straddled Such Chun, holding a megaphone and shouting at the top of her lungs. Such Chin suddenly woke up with a start. What are you doing? When did I get a wife? If I didn't say that, would you have woken up? Stop messing around. Let me sleep a little longer. Hunting monsters later is physically demanding. How can we manage without proper rest? Oh dear, get up. The Beast Taming Alliance is here to challenge us. If you don't get up, you'll become a coward and a coward. Shi Yaya said anxiously upon hearing the words Beast Taming Alliance. Such Chin instantly snapped back to reality and sat both upright. What? They're coming to challenge us. That's right. The newly recruited students of the Beast Taming Alliance came here to spar with the freshmen of the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy. To put it bluntly, they're challenging the academy. Xi Yayao spoke. She took out her phone. The screen filled with trending headlines about Wu Air. Shocking. The beast taming alliance is challenging us. Wu Airon strength is incredibly formidable. Explosion. A top tier bloodline demon beast at the fourth level of the second tier. Who could possibly defeat it? Strange. The top freshman, Such Chun, is absent. Is he hiding out of fear? Suchin frowned, a hint of anger flashing in his eyes. What kind of scoundrels dare to come to my Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy and cause trouble? With Shadow Flash activated, Such Chin instantly stood up and completed washing up, brushing his teeth, and getting dressed in just one minute. Xiai Yaya was stunned by Such Chin's speed. No way. You're that fast. What else can I do? They've come to bully us right at our doorstep. How can I not hurry up and teach them a lesson? Suchan said, a cold glint flashing in his eyes. Of course, he had another thought in mind. If he killed that top tier bloodline demon beast at the fourth level of the second tier, he would get countless killing points. O, do you think you can beat him? Probably one knife. Shio asked in confusion. You mean you're one and he's nine? She had originally thought that Such Chun could at least be evenly matched with Wu Air, but she was surprised that Suchin said that. Suchin shook his head. I made one move and it fell nine times. Eagle had nine lives, it wouldn't be enough to kill it with a single move. Of course, for such a small competition, there's no need to use dark elves. You're just bragging, Xiai Yao Yao pouted, clearly not believing Su Chin's words. Winning shouldn't be a problem, but killing nine people in one move is a bit too much. How about we make a bet? Okay, what do you want to bet on? Xiao Yao became interested. Suchin thought for a moment. If I win, you'll grant me one request. Xiaoa didn't think much of it. Okay, if I win, you have to wash my socks for a week. Upon hearing this, Suchin couldn't help but feel a little confused. Was washing a little girl's socks considered a punishment? For some people, it might even be a reward. However, he didn't think much of it and immediately agreed. Okay, it's a deal. He was absolutely certain he wouldn't lose. It was a surefire way to make money. Elbow. Xi Yao Yao took Su Chin's arm and the two walked towards the arena. Chapter 73. He is undoubtedly the number one person to tear apart the white feather thunder eagle. The atmosphere inside the arena was tense and ready to fight. What are all the students at your Kyoto Ability Academy cowards with only one person daring to step onto this stage? Wuon glanced at the densely packed students below the stage, his tone full of contempt and mockery. Fon, at least give Kyoto Ability Academy some face, Wuhenji said hypocritically, trying to dissuade him. I understand, father, Wueron replied, then turned his gaze to the group of students. How can supernatural abilities compare to beast taming? Those who know what's good for them should hurry up and join my beast taming alliance. Here, everyone has the opportunity to become a majestic beast tamer instead of being like you cowards, spineless and without any backbone. A flash of anger crossed Jackie Chongs eyes. Nonsense. You're students of the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy. So, step forward bravely and show them our strength. At Director Ciangs command, many students eyes lit up with fighting spirit and they all jumped onto the stage. May Yoja, Department of Lei, please enlighten me. Jeang Xiaoli, Department of Ice Science, please enlighten me. Lee Winja from the dark arts department. Please enlighten me. In a short time, nearly a dozen people stepped onto the stage. Remember, attack people, not monsters. Jackie Chong shouted a reminder. The students nodded in agreement and launched their attack in unison. As the saying goes, to catch the thief, you must first catch the king. Their goal was clear. To take down Wuer Fon. Seeing this, Wu Airs mockery deepened. utterly foolish. He flashed and leaped onto the back of the white feather thunder eagle. White feather thunder eagle, teach these ignorant fools a lesson. Let them know what true power is. The white feathered thunder eagle let out a long cry, spread its wings, and soar directly to the highest point. Immediately afterwards, it spat out a huge ball of lightning, which instantly transformed into countless smaller balls in midair, raining down on the arena below. Rumble, rumble. The deafening explosions echoed. one after another. After a bombardment, all of the dozen or so students fell heavily to the ground. They were severely injured, blood gushing from their mouths, their faces contorted in pain. What a bunch of pathetic weaklings. Isn't there a freshman named Such Chin at your Kyoto Supernatural Ability Academy? Where is he? Is he hiding like a coward, too ashamed to show his face? Wu Airs face was full of smuggness as he shouted loudly, "Looking for me? You think you're worthy?" A shadowy figure flashed by and Such Chun appeared on the arena. He swept his cold gaze around at the injured classmates on the surrounding stage, his eyes burning with rage. Such Chun, be careful. He's very strong. Yes, we must be careful and avenge us. Keep going. Well always support you. Seeing his classmates who were seriously injured but still cheering him on, Such Chan s anger intensified. Everyone, take good care of your injuries. I'll take care of things here. Suchin glanced back and asked, "Did you injure all these people? So what if they are a bunch of weaklings? They're hurt. So what? What can they do to me?" Suchin sneered. Do you think you're so great, so strong? Of course, I have the strength. Otherwise, why would I say that? I know you are Such Chin. Today, I will replace you and become the new generation of strong man. Your so-called strength is nothing but worthless trash in front of my white feather thunder eagle. Suchin didn't speak. He slowly closed his eyes, and after a moment, he suddenly opened them. At this moment, his eyes were no longer deep black, but a purple gold color that swirled like a vortex in the abyss. Noble and mysterious, like a king of the night. He lightly touched the ground with his toes and wings unfurled behind him, the death scythe materializing in his hand. Today, I will show you what true strength is. Upon seeing this, Wu Airs pupils contracted sharply, and a strong sense of fear surged within him. It was too fast. So fast that he couldn't react at all. Thunder Eagle, smash him to death. The enormous eagle claws, accompanied by a whistling sound, slashed fiercely at Such Chun. However, faced with Such Chin's death scithe, which had been fused with the powerful energy of the dark elves, the eagle claws were as fragile as paper, easily breaking in two with a single touch. Blood rained down and the white feather thunder eagle let out a mournful howl. Such Chan gave it no chance to breathe, his hands gripping its two huge wings tightly like iron clamps. So what if you're a top tier bloodline demon beast? I don't need any special abilities. I can tear you to shreds with just these two hands. Suchin's eyes. A purple gold vortex spun rapidly and the veins on his arms bulged and his muscles bulged high. Tear it open. With a furious shout, he exerted force with both hands and actually tore off the wings of the white feathered thunder eagle. A tremendous scream echoed throughout the arena. The white feathered thunder eagle, having lost both wings, plummeted downwards like a kite with a broken string. Such Chan went straight to Wu Air, who was falling, grabbed him by the collar and lifted him up like a chick. Did I say you could leave? Claw radiating black light was pressed directly onto Wu Air's chest. Huff! Blood gushed out, and Wu Airs body was torn to shreds by the shadow claws. If he hadn't been wearing armor, he would probably have died long ago. Such Chun, carrying the unconscious Wu Air, threw him heavily onto the arena like trash. Then he turned his gaze to the remaining challengers. "You continue." At this moment, the entire arena was stunned into silence by this scene. "Me? Am I seeing things?" The white feather thunder eagle, which was just a moment ago so majestic and sweeping through the enemy ranks, was actually torn apart by Susan's bare hands. No, you're not seeing things. It really was torn apart. I deserve to die. I actually doubted Susan's strength before the competition. From now on, Susan will definitely be a mustave in my heart. That was so damn cool. He tore the white feather thunder eagle apart with his bare hands. Damn it. Why aren't the beast taming alliance members yelling anymore? Yo, awesome. Didn't you guys notice that Susan has already reached the eighth level of the second tier? Anyone who says Susan is a coward? I'll fight them to the death. Jackie Chong was stunned by this scene for a long time. A dark type ability user actually tore apart a top tier bloodline demon beast with his bare hands. This is unbelievable. But when he saw Such Chin's second tier, eighth level cultivation, his breathing became somewhat rapid. Who can match this cultivation speed? The number one player of this generation is none other than Such Chun. He deserves it. Oh dear, Such Chin went a bit too far. I hope the Vice Alliance leader won't blame us. Jackie Chun said sarcastically. Oomph, weren't you just making sarcastic remarks about me now? I have to return the favor. I have a student like Such Chun. What do you have? My students are so amazing. I want to share in their glory. I'm just so proud. Wuhanjis body trembled slightly, his face filled with terror. This Such Chun is truly terrifying. Absolutely terrifying. But you shouldn't have used such force on your student. Wuhenji suppressed his fear and anger and spoke. What? Your students can injure my people, but my students can't injure yours. Jackie Chongs aura as an eighth level first tier cultivator was instantly revealed, and his powerful pressure surged towards Wuhanji like a tidal wave. Wuhangji closed his eyes slightly, his heart filled with helplessness and resentment. He had no choice but to accept this. Go and take Airfon and that white feather thunder eagle away. He coldly ordered the students behind him. The students legs were trembling and their eyes were filled with fear as they looked at Su Chun. They were afraid. They were afraid that if they went up there, Su Chun would tear them apart. If you're not going, then get out of the beast taming alliance. Wuhangji shouted, barely suppressing his anger. Yes, yes, yes. Only then did those people cautiously prepare to go onto the stage to take Wu Air and Bayou laying away. Did you get it done? The group looked at Su Chan with a hint of despair. Brother, we were just following orders. All right, then. But that white feather thunder eagle seems to be in a lot of pain. I'll be a good Samaritan and give it a quick death. The shadow claw struck like lightning, and the white feather thunder eagle died instantly before it could even let out a scream. Slate a tier two level four white feather thunder eagle. kill points plus 1,200. Such Chun was overjoyed. This feeling was amazing. If only the beasts of the Beast Taming Alliance could line up and let him kill them one by one. Chapter 74. Reciprocity in the wilderness hunt. Brother, what you doing? Oh, I know I'm a good person. No need to thank me. Just remember to clean it up. Thank you, Such Chan said with a gentle smile. The group exchanged bewildered glances, their eyes filled with confusion. You call yourself a good person? If Such Chun were a good person, Satan would wake up one day and be ranked second. Even so, the group reluctantly said, "Okay, bro." They didn't dare to delay for a moment, quickly carrying Wu Air Fawn off the stage and then swiftly began cleaning up the remains of the white feather thunder eagle. After a long while, they finally finished the cleanup. Wuhenji glared at Su Chun and said coldly, "Let's go. Wait, why are you leaving? You've already challenged us. So, shouldn't Kyoto return the favor? Such Chun slowly step forward? Wuhangji closed his eyes slightly, clenched his fists, and suppressed his anger as he asked, "What do you want?" "I, Such Chun, will pay you a visit in 3 days. Please be prepared, Vice Alliance Leader Wu," Such Chin said, emphasizing each word. "It's all about reciprocity. There's no reason not to retaliate after being wronged. Of course, he wanted to kill more monsters. All right, I'll be waiting for you in 3 days." Wuhenji said through gritted teeth, then led his men away angrily. This challenge was an absolute loss for him. Not only did he lose a top tier bloodline beast, but his precious son was also seriously injured. How could he swallow this insult? But for now, he could only endure it for the time being, and he would make Such Chan pay a 100fold in 3 days. O, you dare to come and challenge us? They really don't know their own limitations. None of the people in his beast taming alliance are easy to mess with. Such Chan watched his departing figure. A surge of excitement welling up inside him. If only one person in the beast taming alliance could tame two demonic beasts. Kill two at once. Earn two kill points. Dust God is awesome. He's the number one person to tear apart monsters with his bare hands. You're so cool. And what's with those wings behind you, Dusk God. Hey, hey, hey. Why are you asking? These are their secrets. Students swarmed forward from the surrounding area. Jackie Chun rushed forward and helped Su Chin escape the encirclement of the crowd. Director Jeang, you're welcome. By the way, Such Chun, what's with those wings on your back? He was also very curious about this. Such Chun, just some secrets. Just now, I naturally fused with the dark elf, which not only enhanced the power of the dark element, but also increased my strength. Combined with the overwhelming power of the four realms, it was only possible to tear apart the white feather thunder eagle. Haha, great. The more secrets you have, the stronger you are. Jackie Chun laughed heartily a few times, then coughed twice. Remember to call the director when you challenge us in 3 days. He had to retaliate with a blatant sarcastic retort. Such Chan was speechless, his lips twitching slightly. This director was quite vengeful. No problem. I remember Director Jean won a bet that gave him the opportunity to command them, didn't he? That's right. I can let you use me if you need to. Suchin nodded. There is indeed a need. Oh, just tell me. I'll do whatever I can to satisfy you. Suchin rubbed his hands together, a malicious glint in his eyes. Could you have the beast taming alliance line up and send me their monsters to kill? I don't need many, just tens of thousands. Jackie Chong felt like his brain had gone blank. A line of people waiting for him to chop them up. A few tens of thousands. Is that even human? Jackie Chong rolled his eyes at him and said irritably, "If you do that, the Beast Taming Alliance will probably fight you to the death." Suchin chuckled, revealing a set of bright white teeth, "Just kidding. I should get down to business now." After chatting for a few more minutes, Such Chin left the crowd. From afar, I could see Xi Yaoya looking so she had her head down and was unconsciously clutching the hem of her clothes with both hands. "Hey, little girl, did you see that?" Suchin walked up to her with a smile and asked. Xi Yao pouted. I saw it. What's wrong? Are you unhappy? Because you lost the bet. Such Chun asked with interest. Xiai Yao Yao gently shook her head because the gap between us is getting bigger and bigger. Then, as if she had made up her mind, a resolute glint flashed in her eyes. Yes, I've decided I'm going to cultivate diligently. With that, she turned and left, her steps hurried, and she disappeared from Such Chin's sight in a flash. Suchin frowned. a hint of doubt rising in his mind. It took a while to realize. Good heavens, could it be that she Yao doesn't want to keep her bed? He shook his head. You can run away, but you can't hide. Now it's time to go to the monster hunting area outside Kyoto to hunt monsters and evolve the death scythe. The wilderness outside Kyoto was eerily quiet, save for the occasional whistling of the wind and the distant growls of monsters, sending chills down one's spine. Following the map s directions, Suchun arrived at bare mountain forest. Here are dense pearl forests and rolling hills. Sunlight filters through the gaps in the leaves, creating dappled patterns of light and shadow. The ground beneath my feet was soft and damp, exuding a mixed scent of soil and grass. Upon entering, one sees numerous hunting teams working together to hunt down monsters. Compared to the demon cave, there were more people here. The noisy shouts and roars of monsters mingled together, breaking the tranquility of the mountain forest. Hey bro, newbie here. Hearing the voice, Such Chun turned around and saw a burly man smiling at him. Who are you? Such Chun frowned slightly, a hint of weariness flashing in his eyes. Let me introduce myself. My name is Leurgu, and I'm at the third level, first stage. I see you're alone, so I'd like to invite you to hunt down a nest of elite fire bears. Leurgu said enthusiastically with a simple and honest smile on his face. Suchin secretly checked his information and found that his name and cultivation level matched, which made him lower his guard a little. Why are you looking for me? Leu sighed, a hint of helplessness on his face. Our team consists of five people. We went out hunting and found several elite level bloodline demon fire bears in a cave. However, we didn't have enough manpower and were afraid that if we went back to the city to call for help, we wouldn't have enough time and someone else would steal them. So, we sent me out to find people who would be willing to hunt them together and we would divide the spoils according to our contributions. Pondering for a moment, Such Chun said, "Okay, take me there first. He'll go first and figure it out later." He's not afraid of traps with dark elves around, and he still has the dragon token if necessary. Hey, bro. By the way, what level are you at? Lieerggo asked curiously. Second tier, eighth level. Upon hearing this realm, Lieergo frowned, then waved his hand and said, "All right then, but you'll probably get less in the distribution since your realm is lower and your contribution will definitely be lower." "No problem," he agreed first, but his real intention was something else entirely. "All right, let's go. I'll take you there," Liu said with a smile and then led Such Chin along, chattering away. After crossing several hillsides and passing through a dense pearl forest, we finally arrived at our destination. Ahead, there was a cave with a faint steam rising around the entrance. In addition, several enormous fire bears were taking a nap outside. Their massive bodies were like small mountains, and their fur was a bright red. Suchin glanced at them and found they were all at the ninth or 10th level of the second tier or the first level of the third tier. It seems Leu was telling the truth, so we can make a small profit this time. Kill chapter 75. Never forget our original aspiration and keep our mission firmly in mind. Brother Ergo, you're finally back. Leapo quickly ran over from the group. What's wrong, Canon? Nothing much. Brother Argo, I was just worried something might happen to you. Then he looked at Such Chan. Brother Airgo, what cultivation level is this brother you brought back? Second tier, eighth level. Lee Deeo's expression immediately darkened and he sides softly. It's still going to be very difficult to kill those few fire bears. With the strength of a second tier, eighth level cultivator, he could at most only play a supporting role in this dangerous hunt. Lee Urgu patted him on the shoulder. More people means more strength. One is better than none. Let's prepare for a hunt. That's right, brother. Ergo. Leu then looked at Su Chan with a friendly smile. Little brother, do your part if you can in the meantime. Such Chan was slightly surprised by his gentle attitude. Okay. Seeing that Su Chun had agreed, Leu turned around and went back to the group, his eyes sharpening. The hunt begins. The group worked together, silently approaching the three fire bears. With the close cooperation of the six people, the originally ferocious fire bears gradually showed signs of being suppressed. Suchin stood aside, watching the scene with great interest, thinking to himself that he would finish off the enemy later and take the kill point. Just as he was pondering, he heard a series of extremely light footsteps coming from behind him, stealthily approaching from the bamboo forest. They were all dressed in black, just like Jiao. Name: Ingchi, realm level, second tier, 10th level. Special ability, C rank, poisoning. Bone tempering, fourth round. Note: Notorious for stealing other people's loot. Hey, brotherqi. Look, Leu and his gang have learned their lesson this time. They're even sending people to keep watch. one of them whispered. Ingqi's lips curled into a faint cold smile. Kid, if you know what's good for you, get lost. The windproof ones are usually the weakest. Suchin frowned. It seems these people don't use the internet. How could he not recognize himself? But thinking about it, it's a good thing. Why not take advantage of free kill points? What if I don't? Ining eyes as he activated his supernatural ability, coating the dagger with green venom. You're not leaving. No one would even notice if I killed you in this desolate wilderness. Su Chins eyes were filled with fervor. Really? Looking at Su Chins excited appearance. Inchi was a little puzzled. What are you so excited about? You're about to die. Do you expect someone else to save you? Suchin grinned, revealing a set of pearly white teeth. I'm excited because this is the middle of nowhere. I can kill you all and no one will find out. Round and round, Such Chan roared. And Tuantoan understood immediately, instantly possessing his body. Seeing the changes in Su Chun, Ingchi frowned. Oomph. You're about to die and you're still playing cosplay. Fine, I'll grant your wish. He finished speaking, Such Chin's wings flapped suddenly, and with the shadow flash, Ingqi was cut in two by the death scythe before he could even react. Blood gushed out like a fountain, staining the fallen leaves on the ground red. Killing tier 2fold shadows together. Killing points plus 2,000. Hearing the system notification, Such Chun looked at the four people again, his eyes filled with fanatical killing intent. These aren't bad people at all. They're all precious treasures. The four were immediately stunned. Shouldn't the weakest one be left behind to keep watch? How could it be able to kill instantly? Did they pick the strongest one? The four men knelt down in unison, their faces filled with fear. Brother, we were wrong. We shouldn't have offended you. Please don't kill us. If you kill us, people will investigate you. Even the leader was defeated in one move. They're not stupid. An investigation? Do you think I'm afraid? In a flash, the death scythe, like the grim reaper scythe, sliced across the necks of the four men. Their eyes widened as they slowly collapsed to the ground. Killed. They all want to kill me, so why show mercy? Should I release the dogs back into the mountains? It's more practical to just collect kill points. After looting the corpse, Such Chun carrying the Death Scythe headed towards the Firebear s location. The battle there was also nearing its end. The Firebear under the combined assault of the group was at its last gasp. Such Chan rushed forward, his death side, finishing off the remaining enemies with clean, decisive blows. Killing a tier three level one Firebear grants plus 3,000 kill points. Three system notification sounds came one after another, and Such Chin's kill points had reached 21,000. "Young man, what do you mean by this?" Leo asked, somewhat puzzled. "It was just finishing him off. You can divide the fire bear and the rest among yourselves. Then he pointed to the bamboo forest not far away. A group of people came to launch a sneak attack, but I took care of them. See if you recognize them." Leo paused for a moment, then ordered, "Depeo, go check if it's the shadow gang." Lee Deeo rushed over and when he saw the corpses on the ground, he lifted their masks, a look of surprise flashing in his eyes. Inchi is actually dead. He returned puzzled and reported, "Brother Air Go, it's the same five members of the shadow gang who robbed us of our spoils last time. They're probably trying to use the same trick again this time, taking advantage of our hard fight to rob us." Leo frowned and looked at Su Chun. Did you do this, little brother? Just something I did. Lieergu cuped his hands in thanks, a grateful smile on his face. Thank you so much, young brother. Otherwise, we would have been in trouble again. He was actually a little confused. This young man was able to defeat those five people who were above his level in such a short time while only at the eighth level of the second tier. His strength must be astonishing. The thought of having Such Chin assist him in the beginning made him want to laugh. Why not use the Tonion die? Nothing much. What's this shadow gang you mentioned? Suchin asked curiously. Leurgu side. Those of us who come out to hunt monsters usually form groups while the shadow gang is like an underground criminal organization. It's a recently formed gang that specializes in robbing others. And sometimes they even kill people or do dirty work for others. They are notorious and do all sorts of evil. There are gangs like this. Is nobody doing anything about it? Leu shook his head helplessly. There's nothing we can do. Although the leader of the shadow gang is only at the fifth level of the third tier, it said that he has powerful connections. We can only accept our fate after being robbed. Suchin chuckled. He finally understood what was going on. He gripped the death side in his hand. It seemed his business was about to double. Who cares who's above us? Let's take care of that shadowy figure first. Eliminate them all. Even if there are people around, Such Chun has his own people, too. Fear? Not at all. Before he transmigrated, he was just an ordinary college student struggling to make money, much like Leu and his group. Now that I've transmigrated to this world and am bound to a system, no matter how powerful it is, I must not forget my original intentions. Never forget our original aspiration and keep our mission firmly in mind. You can't look down on your former mediocre self just because you've become stronger, right? One must never forget one's roots. Brother Ergo, perhaps the shadow gang will disappear in just a few days. Besides, did this shadowy gang want to assassinate me for him to wipe out the shadow gang, right? Unreasonable. It still needs to be reasonable. Just consider it as them offering up kill points for their own growth. Leurga's face was full of bitterness. It's tough. We poor hunters who come out to hunt. How dare we offend them? They could only swallow their anger when they were robbed, as they had neither connections nor power. Some people have reported the shadow gang, but it's like throwing a pebble into a lake. It makes no difference. In addition, the person who was reported was also secretly targeted by the shadow gang. Such Chun patted him on the shoulder. Don't worry, brother Ergo. I forgot to tell you, my name is Such Chun. Chapter 76. Tuanchin's second support skill, Overran defeat. Upon hearing this familiar name, Leggu's mind raced, and the more he thought about it, the more familiar it seemed. Suddenly, he slapped his forehead and exclaimed, "Could it be that you are Su Chun, who overpowered the most talented people in the capital, and whose name is known far and wide?" "Yes, but it's not as amazing as you say." Liegu suddenly realized, his face filled with regret and admiration. So, that's how it is. I was blind and didn't recognize you as Such Chun. Now, there is finally hope that the notorious Shadow Gang can be eradicated. Brother Ergo, you're exaggerating. Liu shook his head with a smile, his face beaming with pride. It's not serious. It's not serious. Being able to team up with someone who can outshine the geniuses of Kyoto for a hunt, I can brag about it for 3 years straight. Suchin smiled and shook his head. All right. All right, brother Ergo. Let's clean up the battlefield first. All right, clean up the battlefield. Leu responded, then paused and added, Brother Su, take these fire bear carcasses with you. If it weren't for you, we would have been robbed again. They are grateful and repay kindness. Although their lives are difficult, they understand the principles thoroughly. No need to take it. Consider the extra stabs I just made as payment. A few fire bears were nothing to him. They wouldn't fetch much money. But for Leu and his group, the corpses of these few fire bears were the fruits of their hard work and struggle over several days. With the money from selling the monster's corpse, his wife and children waiting at home could have a good meal and wear new clothes. Just as Leurgu was about to say something more, he saw Su Chan frowned slightly, seemingly displeased. So, he wisely stopped the topic and said, "Brother Su, just let us know if you need our help in the future. Well go through fire and water for you." Suchin made an okay sign and gave a faint smile. Roar! Just as the group was cleaning up the battlefield, a fire bear the size of a small mountain in the cave smelled the blood and slowly came out. Its body was enormous. Its limbs were wrathed in flames, and its body was covered with thick rock and soil like armor. Suchin looked over and quickly examined it. Name: Fire Bear. Realm level, third tier, second level, bloodline, top tier, bloodline. Attributes: Fire Earth. Note: The leader of the nearby monsters. Upon seeing this, Legga's pupils dilated instantly. Rot, a third tier, second level demonic beast with top tier bloodlines, is beyond their capabilities. Even with Suchin present, it wouldn't work. Defeating someone of a higher level is even harder than defeating someone of a higher level. Each major level is as insurmountable as an insurmountable chasm. Leu, leading the way, quickly protected everyone as they retreated. The fire bear snorted heavily and slammed its huge paw into the ground. Their retreat was instantly blocked by a high earn wall. Leu clenched his fist and looked at Su Chun. Brother Sue, we'll cover for you. You need to get out of here quickly. Your life is more valuable than ours. Remember to do your best to wipe out the shadow gang. Su Chun is hope, a future powerhouse. Their fates cannot compare to the limitless potential of Such Chun. Besides, if Su Shun and the others hadn't been robbed again just now since they can't escape now, they should give him the hope of survival. He looked at the men around him and said, "Brothers, hold them off." "Okay." Everyone responded in unison. Seeing this, Suchin quickly stopped them, saying, "Leave this to me. There is no distinction between high and low status, and no distinction between precious and worthless lives." He never expected that in this dog eat dog world, Leu and his companions would be so kind-hearted. He turned and stepped forward. System add points to my rank two. Level 10. Consumed 21,000 kill points. Realm advancement by two tiers. 10th level. Such Chan pointed the death side in his hand directly at the fire bear with the top bloodline. And with a sudden flap of his wings, he flew towards it. Today, I will cross ranks to kill you. The fire bear was furious, never expecting that this tiny human would dare to defy it. Its eyes flashed with rage, and its huge, fiery bear paw slammed down on Su Chun, bringing with it a scorching gust of wind. Such Chun swung his scythe to block, clang. A crisp sound rang out, and sparks flew everywhere. Then, Su Chun flashed to a distance, a disdainful smile playing on his lips. Who in their right mind would fight you? As soon as he finished speaking, the shadow claw and the netherworld shadow claw were activated simultaneously. Black claw shadows hurdled towards the fire bear, but the netherpool shadow claw managed to control it. To Anuan, activate your latest amplification skill for me. Towanchuan understood immediately and saw a bewitching yet eerie flower appear above Su Chins head. This was the second skill Tanchuan had learned, and Such Chin didn't know what it did. Roar! The Fire Bear was caught off guard by this sudden attack and was left in a sorry state. Its fur was singed and its skin was covered in cuts. However, its earth defenses were too thick and with the added benefit of its top tier bloodline, it did not suffer much damage. It looked at Such Chun with utter contempt as if to say, "Go ahead and hit me. Go ahead and hit me." That arrogant demeanor caused Su Chan s anger to surge. Several more shadow claws landed. This time, instead of causing significant damage, the shadow claws first struck the bear and then the dark element began to erode and corrupt the earth armor on its body. Roar, feeling the corrosive and erosive power of the dark elements. The fire bear panicked. It struggled frantically, trying to escape the terrible dark elemental corruption, but to no avail. Suchin was amused. It seemed that Tuantoine's enhancement had given his dark element the effect of erosion and corruption. So, we won't have to worry about those hard-shelled monsters anymore. Why did you stop yelling? You can't escape, Suchin said coldly. Dark bat strike. From the great corrosion bat strike and the amplified corrosion effect provided by Tuantoan, the Firebears incredibly hardear armor vanished into nothingness in an instant. The Firebear s body was exposed to Su Chun, completely defenseless. Finally, Su Chin finished with a swift shadow killing array and 10 black lights flashed, causing the fire bear to collapse and never rise again. Kill a tier three, level two top tier bloodline monster, kill points plus 5,000. This top tier bloodline demon beasts are really valuable. Suchin looked at the system notification and side inwardly. As for finding top tier demonic beasts for Leuguay, he had long forgotten about it. The beast taming alliance wants to challenge us and then wants top tier bloodline monsters. Give them two marbles to play with. Leu and his men behind him were dumbfounded staring at Su Chin's retreating figure. We It seems we don't have to die. Remove seems like. Legga's eyes were full of relief and his gaze towards Such Chan was filled with gratitude and admiration. Such Chan was unlike any of the other proud disciples from noble families he had ever encountered. Most of the disciples from aristocratic families gave him the impression of being superior and aloof. Such Chun on the other hand was very easygoing and of good character. That the dragon kingdom has someone like Su Chun who is of upright character and has unlimited potential. He will surely become a respected and powerful figure in the future. Chapter 77. The 12th grade world. Destroying Black Lotus and Death Scythe advance to SS rank. Brother Such Chun, you are truly unparalleled in the world. Leerga stepped forward and said, "We are all trying our best to live. If he doesn't die, we will die. This world allows no mercy." That's right. This world is just like that. The strong prey on the weak. We will never forget Brother Su's life-saving grace. If there is any need in the future, we will definitely go through fire and water for you. Leu clasped his hands in a fist salute, his expression solemn. Such Chun revealed a carefree smile. Why be so polite? Just treat me to a few drinks another day. Haha, great. Come to my house and let my wife cook some of her best dishes. Well drink until we drop. Well drink until we're completely drunk. Suchin nodded. Then let's leave it at that for now, brother. Go. I still have some things to take care of. Next, it's time to hunt down monsters like crazy and evolve the death scythe. Only by constantly becoming stronger can one gain a foothold in this cruel world. All right, brother Sue. Please be careful. Have a safe journey. After exchanging a few more polite words, the two parted ways. Suchin arrived at a distance and coldly uttered two words. Start the killing. Slate a level two, level 10 opponent. Slate a level three, level one opponent. Slate a level three, level one opponent. Kyoto beast taming alliance headquarters. Alliance leader Hibou, his face contorted with rage, roared, Wuhanji, what is your crime? Do you know that your reckless actions almost brought disaster upon the alliance? Alliance leader, I know I'm guilty, but I only wanted to get more new members into our beast taming alliance. I never expected Su Chun to be so powerful. It's completely beyond my expectations. Such Chin strength truly exceeded his expectations. So, you know the crimes you've committed. Knowing that Such Chuan is not someone to be trifled with, you still recklessly provoked him. Where do you put the safety of the Alliance? Hibbous face turned ashen with anger. Please reprimand me, alliance leader. It was my oversight and I deserve to die. Wuhangji lowered his head. Hibou sighed. All right, tell me what's the deal with Such Chun coming to challenge us. Tell me in detail. Wu Henji raised his head, reporting to the alliance leader. Such Chan said he will come to challenge us in 3 days as a matter of reciprocity. He's determined to make our alliance lose face. Sigh. Our beast taming alliance is really in deep trouble now. Such chin strength is unfathomable. We can only befriend him, not make enemies. And you, you went and provoked him first by challenging him. This is all retribution. Hibou shook his head helplessly, his eyes full of worry. There's always a reason why someone is pitiful. Wu Henji disagreed. Alliance leader, isn't Xiaoan capable of contracting two demonic beasts and at the fourth level of the third tier? Perhaps he can rival Such Chun. What? You can't expect Zhiaoan to fight Such Chun, can you? How old is Xiaoan? How old is Such Chun? Why not? He doesn't know Xiao Xan's age. And besides, Xiaoan has a giant rock monster that Such Chen's dark elemental destructive power is insufficient to defeat. As long as our plan is thorough, we will definitely succeed. Wu Henji became more and more excited as he spoke. There's no rule that says only freshmen can play. The dark element's destructive power was definitely insufficient. The rock giant easily crushed Such Chun. Outrageous. What you're doing will only ruin the reputation of our beast taming alliance using any means necessary for a single victory. How can our alliance maintain its standing if word gets out? Hibay was furious and slammed his fist on the table. Does the alliance leader really want to witness our beast taming alliance being humiliated by a challenge? We can't just sit here and wait to die. This is all your fault. If you hadn't acted so recklessly, how could we be in this mess today? Wu Henji raised his head. Alliance leader, so what if I caused this trouble? Sometimes it's inevitable to resort to any means necessary for survival and development. Our challenge was simply to promote the Beast Taming Alliance. And now that they want to retaliate, we should stop them by any means necessary. All right, I'll take charge of this matter. I'm the leader of the Beast Taming Alliance. Take good care of your son's injuries and stop with your crooked ideas. Hibu left in anger, leaving Wuhangji alone in the room, his expression shifting between anger and uncertainty. Wuhenji secretly made up his mind. This matter was already a done deal. For the sake of the beast taming alliance's reputation, this is the only way, the only option. Suchin will challenge the dojo in three days. Victory is assured. The next day, in the wilderness. Congratulations, host, for accumulating 100,000 kill points. A special reward is hereby issued, your natal spirit treasure, the 12th grade world destroying black lotus. Having just dealt with a cat demon, Su Chen's eyes lit up instantly upon hearing the system notification, and his face lit up with ecstasy. The special reward of 100,000 kill points has been distributed. That's great. System, what exactly is this natal spirit treasure? I've never heard of it before. Seventh tier ability users can collect rare and precious materials, refine and absorb them and store them in their body source energy to become their natal spiritual treasures. Nourished by the source energy, these natal spiritual treasures can amplify the entire body and can also be used to attack. Furthermore, these natal spiritual treasures are divided into 12 grades with higher grades being more precious. Suchin's breathing became somewhat rapid. Only after reaching the seventh rank could one collect rare and precious materials to use as one's natal spiritual treasure. So I can do it now. This is truly an unexpected delight. He was thinking about taking out the 12th grade world destroying black lotus from the system space. Four pedal world destroying black lotus. Currently a grade three natal spiritual treasure. Upgrading to eight pedals will make it grade six. 16 pedals grade 9. and 32 pedals will make it the peak grade 12 natal spiritual treasure. Such Chan looked at the four-pedal deep black lotus flower in front of him and the sheer destructive power it possessed made him tremble at the mere touch. A powerful force instantly spread throughout his body causing him to shiver involuntarily. System: What exactly is the function of this world destroying black lotus? Tell me in detail. Ding. Now providing you with detailed data. Three-grade four-pedal black lotus of annihilation increases one's own dark elemental destruction and destructive power by 100% and increases the speed of dark elemental absorption. The higher the number of pedals, the stronger the amplification. In addition, each pedal of the black lotus can be taken out to unleash the strongest attack at a critical moment. Looking at the description of the world destroying Black Lotus, Such Chun felt an overwhelming sense of exhilaration. Holy crap. The increased destructive and annihilating power greatly compensates for the weakness of dark element's destructive power and it also doubles the power of dark element. This is simply a divine artifact tailor made for me system. How do I increase the number of petals on the world destroying black lotus? The higher the number of petals, the higher the grade and the stronger the increase. Ding. First, you need to refine it into your body source energy. Then you can absorb dark elemental treasures to improve or you can nourish it with source energy to slowly improve. Suchin nodded slowly. This was pretty much what he had expected. It seems we'll have to rely on the rare and precious materials of the dark element for our daily meals from now on system. How many special rewards do I need to accumulate for the next stage? Let him know that there's a number in advance. Ding. The next stage requires accumulating 1 million kill points. Hearing this astronomical figure, Such Chan immediately deflated. It seems it will take some more time. However, he was still very much looking forward to it. The two special rewards, a dark elf and a 12th grade world destroying Black Lotus foot, were both incredibly good. He couldn't wait to test the power of the refined ability. After putting the world destroying Black Lotus back into his storage ring, Suchin prepared to go back and refine and fuse it. Finally, he took a deep breath to calm his excited emotions. Next, it's time to upgrade the death scythe to SS rank. He looked at the killing point 75,800. Such Chun waved his hand and said, "System, spend 50,000 kill points to upgrade my death scythe to SS level. Ding. 50,000 kill points deducted. The death scythe is undergoing a transformation and evolution. Chapter 78 SS rank. The slaughtering scythe shadow gangs trick. As the system notification faded, the death scythe in Such Chin's hand flew into the air and began to slowly transform. The demonic scythe gradually lengthened and on its originally deep purplish black body, streaks of scarlet like blood vessels began to spread. Death and slaughter are perfectly intertwined. Ding! Death scythe has been successfully upgraded to SS rank. Slaughter scythe detailed attribute panel is now available for you. SS slaughtering demon scythe trait indestructible capable of cutting hair in two. Trait slaying any living being enhances the power of the slaughtering demon scythe and amplifies the power of demon scythebased combat skills. Currently, it amplifies the power of the slaughtering demon scythe by 100% and the power of demon scythebased combat skills by 100%. Such reached out and grasped the demon scythe which returned to his hand, exuding an intense aura of death and slaughter. Feeling the new yet familiar killing scythe, he murmured to himself, "Is this the power of an SS grade companion artifact?" It should be noted that in the entire Dragon Kingdom, no one has yet appeared who possesses a companion spirit artifact of SS rank or higher. The highest rank is only Srank. He first obtained the world destroying black lotus, a natal spiritual treasure with the potential to reach the 12th rank. Now possessing this SS grade killing scythe, an overwhelming sense of pride surged within him. Since we're using cheats, we have to go big. Turn it up. Suchin clenched his fist. Next, I need to accumulate 100,000 kill points to advance to SS level dark type ability. He took a deep breath, trying to calm his excitement, and began adding more points. system. Upgrade Shadowclaw to true intent. Spend 5,000 kill points to successfully achieve the true essence of the second tier combat skill, Shadowclaw. In an instant, Such Chun felt as if he had been pulled into a strange illusion by a mysterious force. Here, time and space lost their meaning, and he was immersed in a profound understanding of the essence of Shadow Claw. This is no longer a simple improvement in proficiency, but a sublimation of the essence of skill, a touch deep in the soul. After a long while, Suchin slowly opened his eyes, a sharp glint flashing in them. The shadow claw of true intent is terrifying. The difference between mastering the true essence and the perfect essence is like heaven and earth. It cannot be achieved through day after day of hard practice. Instead, it is through countless skill releases that one captures that fleeting inspiration and comprehends its true essence system. Add points to shadow blade dance to the beginner level. Ding. Consumed 30,000. Successfully mastered the sixth tier combat skill shadow sword dance and upgrade my netherworld nine slashes directly to the great perfection. The killing nature of the slaughtering scythe perfectly complements the scythebased combat skills. Suchin plans to learn more related combat techniques to elevate his strength to a new level. Ding. Consumption of 15,000. The fifth tier combat skill netherworld nine slashes has been upgraded from beginner to master. In an instant, the proficiency of the Netherworld nine slashes skipped three stages and reached the great perfection level. Now, when Suchin uses the Netherworld nine slashes, he can unleash six fierce slashes. Seeing that his kill points were almost depleted, Such Chan closed the system panel and felt the surging power within him, he excitedly exclaimed, "My current strength is terrifying. It's just a pity that he lacks an opponent who can give him his all. I especially want to try out the changes brought about by the true essence of Shadowclaw. It's a pity I can't find it, but it's okay. Maybe I can go to the Shadow Gang in the next few days." Then Such Chun, wielding the demonic scythe of slaughter, casually selected a few demonic beasts to hunt down. Each time a monster is killed, the killing power of the slaughtering scythe will increase. Although the increase is slow from 100% to 100.09%, it adds up. Furthermore, the higher the realm of the demon beast, the greater the permanent boost that the slaughtering demon scythe will receive. After completing the test, Such Chun stretched with satisfaction. It's time to go back and fuse with and refine the world destroying Black Lotus. Can accomplish in less than three stages what others can only do at the seventh stage. All of this is thanks to hard work. Evening in Sankai city next to Kyoto inside the headquarters of the Shadow Gang. Boss, the 18th Shadow Alliance has been killed with a scar on his face who was sitting in the main seat had just been enjoying the attentive service of the two women beside him. Upon hearing this news, his face instantly turned ashen. What? Old 18 was killed. Which blind hunting team did it? Do they want to be out of business in this area? Jeang Booby, his face contorted with rage, slammed his fist on the table and stood up. According to the scouts, it was Such Chan, who has recently gained notoriety in Kyoto. Who did it? Likai said truthfully. Jeang Booby frowned, a hint of surprise flashing in his eyes. Is it Such Chun? He had heard of Such Chun. This young man alone had overshadowed the geniuses of Kyoto. Unexpectedly, it was he who killed Ingchi. Yes, boss. What do you suggest we do now? Jeang Booby snorted, stood up, and revealed the sinister smile on his face. Go and collect the evidence of Su Chin's murder of Ingqi, and send it to the Shanghai City Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau for them to handle. But boss, what about Su Chin's identity? Lie Kai hesitated for a moment. As Such Chins strength and background were not to be underestimated. I'm not stupid. I know I'll get into trouble if I mess with Such Chan. You just need to hand over the evidence to Su Xiao of the Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau through someone else and you don't need to worry about the rest. Jean Booby smiled smugly. Lie Kai's eyes darted around and he suddenly realized, "You mean Su Xiao? The daughter of that incorruptible director Su?" His impression of Su Xiao was that she was impartial and just, but in short, she was a hotthead who didn't understand human relationships at all. Jeang Booby nodded. That's right. How can you kill my brother without paying a price? Let Su Xiao keep bothering Su Chun. That'll give him a hard time. This scheme can be described as killing two birds with one stone. It can both use the power of the authorities to put Such Chan in a predicament and allow the Shadow Gang to get away with it. Even if Su Chun investigates, they have evidence to prove that Such Chun killed the person first. Likai's eyes lit up and he gave a thumbs up, praising, "Boss, you're brilliant. You can avoid provoking Su Chun while still making things difficult for that kid. It's perfect. All right, get on with it. And while you're at it, call Lee Ergu over. I think he's gotten too big for his britches lately and needs a good beating." According to inside sources, Leu was also present at the scene. Instead of stopping Su Chun from killing Ingqi, he gloated on the sidelines. This infuriated Jean Booby, wasn't this just a case of someone getting too big for their britches? I understand, kid. I'll go and call Leu over right away. Lie Kai quickly withdrew. Jeang Booby chuckled contentedly, then dialed a number and said in a fawning tone, "Hey, sir. I'll send you the resources I recently seized later. Thank you for your continued support of the Shadow Gang." As his voice faded into the distance, silence returned to the shadow gang headquarters. Only the dim light illuminated the darkness of this underground world. Chapter 79. Third order first level fusion phenomenon. Villain number one, Kyoto Ability Academy. After a few hours of rest, Such Chin ate a simple meal and then couldn't wait to fuse with the world destroying Black Lotus. He took out the world destroying Black Lotus system. How do I refine and fuse this world destroying black lotus? Simply utilize the source energy and mobilize your own dark elemental power to envelop it. Gradually refining it into the source energy within your body. I see. After learning about the refining method, Such Chin stared at the world destroying black lotus suspended in front of him. A resolute look flashing in his eyes. His body surged with primal energy and dark power slowly overflowed like black silk, tightly enveloping the world destroying black lotus, which he began to carefully refine. As the refining process progressed, wisps of black essence were extracted from the black lotus of annihilation, slowly merging into the lake-like source energy within Such Chin's body like black threads. However, the not yet fully refined black lotus of annihilation appeared somewhat transparent within Such Chin's body. Seeing this, Such Chun took a deep breath and fully activated the source energy and dark element within his body to increase the refining intensity. Just as he was refining it with all his might, a tremendous change suddenly occurred in the entire villa number one and the sky above it. Above, a complete 12-pedal, 36-pedal black lotus of destruction slowly emerged. The black lotus blotted out the sky, its enormous petals radiating a dense black light. Countless dark elements surged wildly in the air like a black tide, enveloping the entire villa number one in this terrifying darkness. Many students around the villa were filled with confusion upon witnessing this scene. What exactly is that thing? How did such a huge lotus flower suddenly appear? 666. You didn't even invite me to play with the lanterns. Do you think this is some kind of strange phenomenon? No, no, no. This is definitely an anomaly. Who's showing off? This is too dazzling. Not only were the students with special abilities in Kyoto shocked by this scene. The patriarchs of the major powers in Kyoto also noticed the anomaly and looked at the world destroying black lotus that blotted out the sky. In the back garden of the Jang family, an elderly man with white hair was resting with his eyes closed. Suddenly, he opened his eyes and looked up at the black lotus. A look of horror flashing in his eyes. such terrifying destructive power. Just by observing from afar, one can directly feel the powerful destructive force contained within this black lotus. The old man muttered to himself a solemn look on his face. Inside the Moo family compound, several elders sat together, gazing at the black lotus in the sky, their faces full of doubt. Is this an unusual phenomenon? But the awakening ritual has already ended. So where is this strange noise coming from? Similar situations were unfolding among the various factions in Kyoto, leaving everyone bewildered and confused. Inside the Bloodbull Demon Cave military district, General Hua Jean Xiang stood by the window, gazing at the world destroying Black Lotus in the sky. His brows furrowed tightly. The black lotus gave him the feeling of extreme destructive power and extreme dark power capable of easily destroying everything. Suddenly, a thought flashed through his mind. Could it be that kid Suchin did this? But soon he shook his head, realizing something was wrong. Suchin already awakened his superpowers. How could this happen? As he thought about it, a joyful smile appeared on his face again. No matter who did it, our human race has produced another prodigy. And so this terrifying phenomenon continued. After an unknown amount of time, the phenomenon suddenly changed. Suddenly, the black lotus burst forth with a dazzling black light, and a phantom battlefield appeared in the sky. On the battlefield, a king sat on his throne. With a wave of his hand, countless shadow soldiers surged forth like a black torrent. Immediately afterwards, countless shadow dragons roared and soared into the sky, instantly turning the entire battlefield into a deafening battleground, as if the heavens and earth were about to collapse. The powerful figure on the throne slightly raised his head. Although his face was not clearly visible, his noble amethyst eyes, which swirled slowly like vortexes, were incredibly clear. With just one glance, all the shadows submitted, and the entire world was under his control. Soon, all these strange phenomena came to an abrupt end, and the black lotus of annihilation also disappeared. However, Such Chun inside the villa was completely unaware of this. He was immersed in the wondrous feeling of the world destroying black lotus above the source energy lake within his body being nourished by source energy. At the moment of fusion, the power of the dark element within his body doubled and his affinity for the dark element also increased significantly. Not only that, his cultivation level also broke through to the third level, first stage without him even realizing it. I'm already at level three, level one right after the start of the semester. Then he noticed the dense dark elements around him and heard a series of noises coming from outside which made him somewhat confused. He walked out of the villa and saw a group of people gathered around it discussing something. What happened? Such Chun, are you all right? Xiai Yayao sneaked in and asked with concern. I'm fine. What are all these people looking at? Don't you know? Just now a strange phenomenon appeared above your villa. A terrifying black lotus and a phantom battlefield. She paused, then continued. And you know what? The man on that battlefield phantom throne looks quite like you. Such Chan was stunned for a few seconds, and then he finally understood why so many people were gathered here. He had investigated the matter of fusing and refining one's natal spiritual treasure when he returned, and it showed that no unusual phenomena would occur. Native spiritual treasures below the 10th rank will not exhibit any unusual phenomena, while those above the 10th rank will dot. The system notification sounded at the opportune moment. Such Chin's lips twitched slightly and he cursed inwardly. Damn it. He coughed twice. Everyone, please disperse. We were just filming a movie. The students looked on incredulously. A movie? What movie has interactive elements? Especially the last scene where the king on the throne glances up and they all involuntarily kneel down. Why are you all gathering here instead of focusing on your cultivation? Disperse. At this moment, Principal Zingtian and Chu Xining walked over and with their arrival, the students reluctantly dispersed. Zingtian walked up to Such Chan and asked, "Aren't you going to invite me in for a seat?" "Principal Zong," "Please," Su Chun said politely, leading the group into the villa. After everyone was seated, Zangti and looked Su Chun up and down. Su Chan felt the chill run down his spine from the stair and couldn't help but speak. Principal Zang, you weren't also drawn here by the strange phenomenon just now, were you? Well, tell me, what good deeds have you done this time? Suchin was somewhat speechless. If I said I refined my natal spiritual treasure, would you believe me? You can't just spout nonsense like that, even if you don't want to talk about it. Only seventh tier natal spirit treasures can be refined. And besides, there are no unusual phenomena that will occur when refining a natal spirit treasure. he had cultivated for decades and had never seen anyone find rare and precious materials at the second level, refine them into their natal spiritual treasure and exhibit extraordinary phenomena. Of course, unless Such Chin has a cheat code like in online novels, but that's obviously unrealistic. Suchin shrugged helplessly. Well, there's nothing I can do about it. Seeing this, Zungtan stopped asking questions. All right, I won't pursue your secret any further. Focus on your cultivation. After Zing Tian and left, Such Chin looked at Shu Xianing again. Teacher, don't you have anything you want to ask? Principal Zang asked me all the questions I had. She had come because of that strange phenomenon. Suchin nodded, then asked, "Teacher Chu, if I remember correctly, you are at the seventh level, so you should have refined your natal spirit treasure by now, right?" Chu Xining nodded. That's right. It was just refined and fused not long ago. Such Chun rubbed his hands together. A look of anticipation on his face. Can I take a look? Chapter 85th grade. Moon Crystal. Is justice really justice? Chu Xeening nodded slightly, her eyes closed gently, and dark elements surged wildly around her. In an instant, a crescent-shaped jet black gem spun out from her energy source. With curiosity gleaming in his eyes, Such Chin stared at the gem and activated his detection skill. Fifth grade moon crystal grown in a crystal region extremely rich in dark element. It undergoes countless days and nights of gentle moonlight nourishment. Finally completing its magnificent transformation on the night of the once in a century full moon becoming this moon crystal. Possessing this stone as your natal spirit treasure increases your agility by 100% under the moonlight and also increases the power of dark element by 50%. Such Chin stared at the fifth grade moon crystal, feeling that this treasure was not as good as his third grade four-pedal world destroying black lotus. After a moment's thought, he felt that this was reasonable. After all, the true potential of the world destroying black lotus could reach the peak of the 12th grade. Is this a fifth grade natal spirit treasure? You can even tell its grade. In this world, ordinary people simply cannot see through the level of a natal spiritual treasure. Such is able to do so. most likely because he is an extraordinary person. I can tell. By the way, teacher Chu, what grade is the natal spirit treasure of the strongest person in our dragon kingdom? Suchin asked, "Seventh rank? Only seventh grade? Isn't the highest grade for a natal spirit treasure the 12th grade?" Chu Xiing rolled her eyes at him. Seventh grade? Do you think a seventh grade natal spirit treasure is so easy to obtain? Seventh grade is already the highest level that a natal spirit treasure in our dragon kingdom can reach. Besides, who told you that the highest natal spirit treasure is 12th grade? Currently, the highest level spiritual treasures that the dragon kingdom and even the entire blue star have come into contact with are of the seventh grade. So, everyone only classifies their natal spiritual treasures into grades 1 through 7. For a normal seventh tier expert, possessing a third grade natal spirit treasure is already quite good. A fifth grade one is considered top tier, and sixth grade and seventh grade natal spirit treasures are extremely rare. Upon hearing Chu Xinings words, Such Chun frowned slightly. It seems that the entire planet Earth is still unaware that the highest level of spiritual treasures is actually the 12th grade. Seeing Su Chins puzzled expression, Chu Xining also became curious and asked, "Why are you asking these questions? These are things you can't access right now." Teacher Chu, didn't I tell you? I've already fused with my natal spirit treasure. Suchin explained somewhat helplessly. Ah, if you're so capable, take out the magical treasure and let me see it. Chu Xians tone was full of disdain. She simply did not believe that Such Chun, a mere second tier youth, could refine a natal spiritual treasure. How could such a thing possibly exist? Just as she was filled with disdain, she saw Such Chin slowly close his eyes, and dark elements and source energy surged within his body. Immediately afterwards, the world destroying black lotus radiating unparalleled destructive power appeared on his chest, its black petals shimmering with an eerie light. Well, do you believe me now? Suchin said calmly. Chu Xianing has already said so much. She can't keep pretending anymore, can she? Chu Xians red lips parted slightly, her eyes filled with shock. You You really fused with your natal spiritual treasure? She initially thought the boy was just saying it casually, but she never expected it to be true. Fusion with a natal spiritual treasure at the second tier is unprecedented. Moreover, this natal spiritual treasure gave her a terrifying feeling that it was capable of destroying everything. That kid is a freak. A lucky merger. Chu Xianings lips twitched slightly. Could it really be this lucky? She then asked, "What grade of natal spirit treasure? Third rank." Her eyes were full of regret. "What a pity! with your potential. You could have fused with a sixth or even seventh grade natal spiritual treasure. However, a question arose in her mind. This natal spiritual treasure seemed to be related to the strange phenomena that had occurred before. She carefully sensed that this spiritual treasure was indeed only of the third grade. But why could a third grade spiritual treasure attract such an amazing phenomenon? If we integrate early, we can enjoy it sooner. Such Chun said nonchalantly. Third rank. No, no, no. This is a peak 12th rank existence. However, he didn't want to explain too much. Everything would become clear when he advanced to the sixth or 9th rank. Chu Xining looked at Such Chan in confusion. If the limit of this natal spiritual treasure was really only the third grade, he shouldn't be so calm and composed. Perhaps the true grade of this spiritual treasure was much higher than it appeared on the surface. After thinking for a long time, she still couldn't figure it out. So, she simply stopped thinking about it. You've created a miracle. So, focus on your training. You don't have much time left to skip levels and challenge others. With that, she stood up, turned, and left. Suchin looked completely unconcerned. Probably because he didn't have much time left for his opponent. Suchin, tell me quickly, "What grade is your natal spirit treasure?" Xiaoa asked, looking incredulous. She didn't believe Su Chin's claim of being a third grade official at all. Peak of the 12th rank, Such Chan said casually. Xi Yao glared at him and said coetishly. Not a single word a man says is true. Then she changed to a coetish tone and said, "There's a masked social event on the playground tonight. Want to go and have some fun? She's been burying herself in her training at the villa these past few days and it's really getting to her." Suchin shook his head. I don't want to go. Xiai Yaya quickly grabbed his sleeve and shook it. Come with me. Seeing her adorable cocketish expression, Such Chin nodded helplessly, "All right." After being constantly engaged in tense killing, it wouldn't hurt to relax a little. Xi Yao snorted and said smuggly. "Sure enough, women who know how to be charming have the best lives." "Such Chin's personality is such that he responds better to gentle persuasion than force. And sometimes he has a sharp tongue, but a soft heart. Who taught you that? You've all gone astray," Such Chun said with a smile. He he mind your own business. I'll come find you tonight. Xiao skipped and hopped out. Such Chin stretched and prepared to check out his strong rivals from the second year planning his next challenge. Shanghai City. Holding the police report, Su Shia looked at the irrefutable evidence, and her anger burned like a volcanic eruption. An S-class superpowered prodigy dares to kill someone for no reason and dump the body in the wilderness. It's utterly lawless. Please, Captain Sue, do justice for our brothers. Likai cried out, tears streaming down his face. Of course, the inside story of the whole matter had already been maliciously distorted by him. In his description, Such Chun became an unforgivable murderer who killed and disposed of bodies at will when he was in a bad mood. Susia looked at him and nodded slightly. Don't worry, if things are really as you say, I will definitely seek justice for you. Susia wasn't stupid. before she figured out the real reason behind this. She wouldn't easily become someone else's pawn. As for now, the most urgent task is to bring Su Chun back and find out the situation. Her father always taught her that no matter who you are, if you commit a crime, you must receive a fair and just trial. She has always regarded this principle as a guiding principle and has strictly adhered to it. Of course, it's true, Captain Sue. Thank you for your help. Likai was secretly pleased with himself. No matter what, his goal had been achieved. It's a kind of torture to have Su Xiao cling to Such Chun. Su Xiao gave him a cold look. You guys better watch out or I might catch you with some real evidence. With that, she stood up and resolutely prepared to head to Shanghai. Lie Kai scoffed inwardly cursing. Is what you call justice really justice? What an inflexible fool. Chapter 81. Mooer s confidence. The shadow gang out at 8:00 p.m. The playground of Kyoto Ability Academy was bathed in colorful lights and laughter and cheers filled the air. Compared to the intense training sessions we usually engage in, this relaxed and pleasant atmosphere is much more enjoyable. Under the soft lights, students gathered in twos and threes, enjoying this rare moment of relaxation. Such Chun, why did you bring a clown mask? I couldn't find any other suitable masks, so I'll just have to make do with this clown mask. Suchin shrugged and leisurely walked to his seat to sit down. He casually picked up some fruit from the table and began to enjoy it. Xiai sat down next to him and asked softly, "Are you really going to skip a grade?" The news that he was planning to skip a grade had already spread like wildfire throughout the Kyoto Ability Academy. Today, his fame is at its peak, even surpassing that of the most outstanding talents from various factions within the academy. Freshman year isn't right for me. The freshman stage was no pressure for him. Without pressure, where does the motivation come from? So, next up is his sophomore year. However, it won't be long before he can take over the entire Kyoto Superpower Academy. We all come from the same place, so why are you so amazing? Xi Yao Yao pouted slightly, a hint of sadness flashing across her face. Such Chin's brilliance was too dazzling, while she in this Kyoto ability academy full of talents seemed rather ordinary and unremarkable except for her outstanding appearance. Seeing this, Such Chin gently patted her head and comforted her. Don't be sad. I will always remember the scene when you stood by my side without hesitation when you were in Schwaning. In his heart, the most valuable thing about friends is their sincerity, and the number of friends is not important. Xi Yao Yaos face immediately lit up with a happy smile, her eyebrows curving like crescent moons. So you can still remember. She felt a sweet warmth in her heart, never expecting that Such Chan would still remember that incident. Just as the two were having a pleasant conversation, a sudden exclamation came from the crowd. Mushwear, the number one on the 200 school ranking list. What's she doing here? Could she be here to look for someone? Maybe she's looking for Such Chun. How is that possible? Didn't you see that she was dragged over by her younger brother? Jang Llure Mushwearer frowned slightly. Why did you drag me here? Jang Lure chuckled. Come find a boyfriend for me, sis. As he spoke, his gaze swept across the room, finally settling on Su Chun, who was sitting in a chair. He pointed at him excitedly and said, "It's him." Mushwear looked in the direction he was pointing and saw a boy wearing a clown mask. His comical appearance made her frown slightly. Stop fooling around. I want to go back to cultivate. Sis, he's Such Chun. Upon hearing the name Such Chun, Mushwear, who had turned to leave, stopped in her tracks. A strange light flashed in her eyes as she walked towards Such Chun. Are you Suchin? Musher stood in front of Such Chan. Such Chan raised his head, looked at the woman with an extraordinary air in front of him, frowned slightly, and asked, "What's wrong? Can I take off my mask?" "No way." Xiai Yao quickly stopped her. Looking at the beautiful Mooer in front of her, Xi Yao suddenly felt a strange sense of crisis. She didn't know why, but she just felt uneasy. Seeing this, Mushuer didn't press the matter further and continued to ask, "I heard you want to skip a level and take on a challenge." "Yes, I want to gain experience on the stage during my sophomore year." Mushwer nodded. I really look forward to fighting you at the same level. She was very interested in Such Chun. During this period, Such Chun was a prominent figure at the Kyoto Superpower Academy, and his growth rate and strength were astonishing. She originally thought she would never have the chance to fight him at the same level in her life, but she didn't expect him to challenge her by skipping a level, which gave her hope again. She enjoys fighting strong opponents, and Such Chun happens to fit her criteria for a strong opponent. Then you can look forward to me drawing you in the level skipping challenge. The skip grade challenge involves selecting three opponents from the top 1,000 students in the second year. You might even draw Mushwear. Mushwear shook her head. No. If you draw me during the level skipping challenge, it would just be me bullying the week and you would have no chance of winning. Her current cultivation level is the sixth level of the third rank, and there are only a few days left before the challenge to skip levels. Such Chin's cultivation level definitely cannot reach the third rank. In the world of superhumans, each major level is a difficult threshold to cross. Such Chin's highest level on the day of the level skipping competition was at most the second level, 10th stage. If I actually draw her, this battle will be meaningless. What she wanted was a fair duel between people of the same level. Only in that way could the true strength of the two be determined. Well, I'm sorry, but I really wanted to draw you. Suchin revealed a carefree smile, bullying the weak. No, no, no. He's already at the third level, first stage. If he goes to the shadow gang to boost his performance and improve his level, none of the sophomores will be his match. Besides, since Mushwer has said so, how can he back down? How can a man be without some backbone? Seeing Such Chin's arrogance, Moo Schweder sighed softly, a look of disappointment on her face. Farewell. In her opinion, Such Chan s behavior at this moment was a bit too arrogant, which greatly diminished her impression of him. Of course, all of this was a misunderstanding that arose because she was unaware of Su Chin's true strength and level. Watching Musher's departing figure, Such Chin stretched. That little girl seems a bit unconvinced. But it doesn't matter. Strength will prove everything. And what he said was not arrogant. Those with real ability have the right to say things that may seem arrogant, but those who lack ability yet still spout nonsense are truly arrogant and conceited. Seeing this, Xi Yao pinched Sued Shun s arm and scolded. Is it pretty? You're staring at it like a head-on. No, but she is indeed quite pretty, Su Chin replied truthfully. You, Xiai Yao glared at him angrily. However, in my eyes, you are still the most beautiful, Suin quickly added. Upon hearing this, Xio immediately deflated, a smug smile spreading across her face. "That's more like it. I love hearing that." Looking at her adorable appearance, Such Chin smiled faintly. "Girls are sometimes so easy to coax. You are Such Chin. Just then, a woman's voice came. Such Chan turned his head and saw a woman wearing the uniform of the Superpower Management Bureau standing in front of him. Who are you? Su Sha showed his identification and said in a serious tone, "I am Su Shiao, the captain of team one of the Superpower Management Bureau of Shanghai City. Someone has reported you for murder and dumping the body in the wilderness. Come with me. The Superpower Management Bureau is responsible for managing conflicts and other incidents that occur between superpowered individuals. Suchin frowned slightly. This was most likely the work of the Shadow Gang, wasn't it? I don't know where the Shadow Gang found this hotthead. What if I don't leave? Suchin asked without fear. If you don't leave, I can forcibly arrest you. Although Su Chun is a prominent S-class superpowered individual, if he has truly committed murder, he must not be tolerated or condoned. Otherwise, the entire superpowered society will descend into chaos. Suchin sneered. This woman really is a complete idiot, a total fool. Then, a murderous glint flashed in his eyes. Since the shadow gang is so reckless, let's wipe them out tonight. Eliminate them all. Chapter 82. The disappointing Su Shia arrives in Shanghai City. Let's go. I want to see how your director will react after you bring me to the Shanghai City Supernatural Abilities Bureau. Such Chin's lips curled into a playful smile. Let's hitch a ride to Shanghai City and uproot that shadow gang. He hadn't even gone looking for trouble with the shadow gang yet. And those guys actually sent such an idiot to provoke him. It seems they've been living a carefree life in this world for far too long. Reaction. What? You don't expect the bureau chief to be subservient to you, do you? Susia scoffed. Her father always taught her to be righteous and to be fair and just in dealing with everyone, no matter who she was dealing with. In her heart, her father was a man of unyielding integrity who would never bow down to anyone and would certainly handle matters fairly. Suchin stood up and said lazily, "All right, then I'll have to wait and see how tough your father is." "All right, please come with me." Su Xiao pointed expressionlessly to the official vehicle not far away. "You wicked woman! What right do you have to take him away? Who do you think you are?" Xi Yaos eyes were filled with anger. "This woman is such an idiot. Doesn't she know what it means to kidnap Suchin? If Such Chan makes even the slightest mistake, not only will the director of the Shanghai City Supernatural Ability Management Bureau lose his job, but the entire Shanghai City will also suffer. Suchin stopped Xi Yao Yao and gently patted her head. Don't worry, I have some business to attend to in Shanghai City. Xiai Yao couldn't help but remind her. You must be careful. Such Chun made an okay sign and then boarded the official vehicle with Su Xiao heading towards the Shanghai City Superpower Management Bureau. After this little incident, the originally lively masquerade ball instantly erupted into chaos with everyone discussing it. Such Chin's luck with women is really good today. Several beautiful women have taken the initiative to approach him. If you had that kind of luck, would you want it? Didn't you see that woman who came to grab Su Chun at the end? Arrest Such Chun. I wonder if that woman has lost her mind. Daring to arrest Su Chun. I'm dying of laughter. This is going to be hilarious in Shanghai City. It's true what they say. It's easy to invite a god, but hard to send him away. As Such Chan was taken away by the people from the Shanghai City Supernatural Ability Management Bureau, the entire capital city instantly erupted in excitement. Meanwhile, in the Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau of Shanghai City, director Sujo Anjing was leisurely sitting in his office sipping fragrant tea. Just as he was enjoying this moment of leisure, the office phone rang, breaking the tranquility. Sujo and frowned slightly, put down her teacup, took the phone, and spoke with a hint of impatience. Hello, who is this? I am Zung Tianan, the dean of the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy. Upon hearing Zung Tanons voice, Sujo's expression changed instantly, and his previously relaxed body immediately sat up straight. "Oh, it's Principal Zong. I wonder what brings you here. You people from the Shanghai City Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau actually arrested Su Chun, the top freshman of our school, in public. What kind of trouble is this?" When Zung Tiann first heard the news, he could hardly believe it. No one from the Superpowers Administration bureau would be so blind as to dare to arrest Such Chun. But when he saw the irrefutable photos and evidence, he had to believe that there really were fools who did such a thing. He initially thought Such Chun had committed some heinous crime. But upon closer inspection, he discovered that he was merely accused of murder and dumping the body in the wilderness. He couldn't help but think to himself, "Is this even a big deal?" Moreover, based on his understanding of Such Chan, Such Chan was definitely not the kind of person who would kill someone on purpose. Upon hearing Zung Tians words, Sujo and instantly broke out in a cold sweat, his mind going completely blank. He cursed inwardly, wondering how there could be such a stupid guy in his department who didn't even consider the other person's identity before doing anything. Such Chun is an unparalleled genius, a leading figure among the younger generation in the Dragon Kingdom, and he has even won the favor and appreciation of Deputy Commander Hua Chong. Principal Zong, don't worry. I will definitely handle this matter properly. Sujo and Hurly assured him. Well, then we'll see how you perform. Beep beep beep beep. The sound of the phone being hung up was particularly jarring in the quiet office. Sujo and slumped helplessly onto the sofa, wiping the cold sweat from her forehead. Someone come here. Sujo shouted loudly. Hearing the shout, a guard rushed in. Chief, what are your orders? Go and find out who was the fool who arrested Su Chun. He wanted to see which fool was so stupid to do such a thing. Holy crap, once they find out who it was, he'll her grandma. Holy crap, they even dared to arrest Su Chun. Yes, the guard replied, then turned and ran out. The guard had barely left when the phone rang again. Sujo's heart skipped a beat and she shakily reached out to answer it. Hello, who is this? Shiaan, I think you don't want to be the bureau chief anymore, do you? Upon hearing Chu Jinong s voice, Sujo and felt as if she wanted to cry but had no tears. The head of the Chu family in Kyoto even called. So, it seems this matter has really blown up. After being scolded a few more times, he hung up the phone helplessly. Just as he was feeling utterly dejected, the phone rang again. Sujo and swallowed heart. Hey, Deputy Commander Hua asked me to pass on a message to you. If Su Chin suffers any loss, the entire Shanghai city supernatural ability management bureau can be wiped out from this world. After the other party finished speaking, they hung up the phone without any hesitation. Sujo's hand fell limply to his side, his eyes bloodshot. Just then, the guard rushed in. Chief, we found out who arrested Su Chun. the guard said breathlessly. Sujo Joan, as if grasping at a lifeline, rushed forward and grabbed the guard by the collar, shouting, "Who is it?" He wanted to see which audacious guy had done it. The guard hesitated for a moment, then stammered, "It's it's Miss Sue." "What?" Sujo's pupils dilated instantly, his face filled with shock and disbelief. "How could his own daughter be that blind person? The person who arrested Su Chun was actually his own daughter? No. Isn't this pushing your own father into a fire? Quick, go and stop the vehicles entering the city. Sujo and shouted urgently. But as soon as he finished speaking, he felt it was not appropriate. No, I'll go myself. This matter must be handled properly. If it is not handled properly, the entire Shanghai City Superpower Bureau will be shut down. He cannot bear that responsibility. On the way to the Supernatural Abilities Administration Bureau of Shanghai City, "Captain Su, can I ask you something?" Su Xiao glanced at him through the rearview mirror and said, "Ask. Where is that shadowy gang located? I'm an old acquaintance of their leader and I'd like to go and have a chat with him." Datang Road, number 36 Street. Thanks, Such Chin said, then leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes to rest. "You're about to be arrested, and you're still so calm. You're the first person I've ever seen so calm." Such Xiao couldn't help but mock. Suchin opened his eyes and smiled faintly. "How about we make a bet? What kind of bet? I bet you, the director of the Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau of Shanghai City, are already sweating profusely and panicking. Now, the news of his arrest has spread throughout Kyoto, and it is Shanghai City that should be panicking. She couldn't quite understand how Su Shiao had become the team leader. Did a dog eat your brain? To tell you the truth, the director is my father. He has always been fair and just. Even if you are an exceptional genius, you will still be dealt with fairly and justly if you commit a crime. You are the one who should be sweating profusely, Susia said proudly. She has always upheld the principle of fairness entirely because of her father's teachings. She is proud to have this father. Suchin chuckled. No wonder someone with cerebellar hypoplasia could still become a team leader. It turns out he has a bureau chief father backing him up. Chapter 83. The mistake was that not a single member of the shadow gang was spared in this world. How dare you insult personnel from the superpowers management bureau. I didn't swear. I called them idiots. Shadow Flash pulled him out of the car. I'll personally visit the Shanghai City Supernatural Abilities Bureau. With a series of flashes of Shadow, several after images tore through the void as he sped toward the direction of the Shadow Gang. First, wipe out the Shadow Gang, then go and meet with the Shanghai City Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau. It's easy to invite a god, but hard to send him away. Su Xiao watched Su Chin disappear in an instant, a look of shock flashing across his face. His combat skill proficiency is so high. No wonder he's hailed as a peerless genius. It seems I need to go back to the Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau and get some more manpower. The car sped along the highway and arrived at the city gate of Shanghai City a few minutes later. As the supernatural abilities bureau's car slowly approached, Sujo and took a deep breath, forced a smile, strode forward, and called out loudly, "Welcome Such Chun to my Shanghai city." However, when the car stopped and the door opened, only Su Xiao got out with a complicated expression, "Father!" Such Chun just ran away. "Go after him!" Su Xiao shouted anxiously. Upon hearing this, Sujo and eyes instantly filled with endless despair. The carefully prepared welcoming ceremony had now vanished and she didn't even have a chance to have a proper conversation with Such Chun. He was furious. He took a few steps forward, raised his hand, and slapped Su Shiao hard across the face, shouting, "You unfilter!" Particularly jarring in the noisy city gate. Su Sha looked shocked, covering her cheek. Her eyes filled with grievance and confusion. "Dad, why did you hit me? Why did I hit you? Who is Such Chen? Even if he killed me, you can't take revenge. He only killed a few people in self-defense. Yet you publicly declared you wanted to arrest him. Sujo was so angry that he trembled all over and his voice even trembled. But father, didn't you say that we officials should be fair and just in our dealings with people? Am I wrong? Su Xiao asked stubbornly. Sujo was so angry that he couldn't speak for a moment and his heart was filled with bitterness. If this world were truly fair and just, how could there be so many people suffering? You rebellious daughter guards arrest her and bring her to Su Chin to apologize. Sujo and ordered angrily. Suchin wrong. No, he was not wrong. What's wrong with him killing in self-defense? The one who was wrong with Sujo. He shouldn't have taught his daughter to only know how to handle cases fairly and justly, but not to understand the complexities of the world. This world is never that simple. The waters here run far too deep. He shouldn't have spoiled her so much since she was little, letting her live a life of luxury and think that anyone could bully her at will. Su Xiao was stunned. She stood there confused. Had she really done something wrong? Director Su, what's the next step? A subordinate asked cautiously. Sujo Anang suppressed his agitation and calmed down. Daughter, who gave you this evidence back then? Su Xiao asked somewhat confused. They're from the shadow gang. Upon hearing the words the shadow gang, Sujo's expression changed drastically. He swayed almost falling. It's over. It's all over. Everyone proceed to the shadow gang immediately. Sujo and gave the order loudly, praying in his heart that Such Chun would not fight with the shadow gang. As long as Such Chun can't defeat the members of the Shadow Gang, they won't betray him. Following the address given by Su Xiao, Suchin quickly arrived at a secluded alley. Hey young man, where is the shadow gang? Suchin stopped a man who had just come out of an alley. Why are you looking for the shadow gang? Those people are all beasts. The man looked at Su Chan wearily, his eyes full of disgust. They owe me money. I'm going to go and get it from them. Hey bro, I advise you not to go. You'll definitely end up missing an arm or a leg if you go. That's not right. Just tell me where it is. Seeing Su Chin's persistence, the man sighed helplessly. It's at the end of the alley. Turn right and it's number 18. Okay, thanks bro. The man watched Su Chin's retreating figure and shook his head helplessly. Another reckless fool who doesn't know his place. After walking a few steps, Such Chan arrived at the entrance of number 18 where the words Shadow Gang were prominently displayed on the gate. Suchin kicked the door hard and with a bang, the door opened. The moment the door opened, a rich aroma of wine and meat wafted out. What came into view was a group of members of the shadow gang sitting together eating and drinking, laughing and joking wildly, celebrating something, interspersed with a few painful whales. As soon as Such Chin kicked, the members of the shadow gang who were eating and drinking turned around, their eyes full of hostility. Who is this kid? How dare he trespass on my shadow gangs territory? Hump, since you're here, let's teach you the rules for trespassing on my shadow gangs territory. Are you all blind? Don't you recognize me? Su Chun, the name of a prodigy. Jeang Booby sat in the main seat eating meat heartily and coldly reminded him. Upon hearing this, the crowd, who had been itching to act, stopped in their tracks, a hint of apprehension on their faces. Anyone who dares to touch Such Chun is courting death. Jeang Booby, are you living a pretty good life? Guess why I came to see you today? Such Chin's lips curled into a cold smile. Jeang Booby said with a forced smile. Our shadow gang hasn't offended Susan, so we're probably here to drink and eat, right? Such Chan dared not act without a reason. And besides, his cultivation level did not allow him to do whatever he wanted here. The Shadow Gangs hostility towards me is one thing, and sending a complete idiot to cause me trouble is another. He then held up three fingers. Those who leave within 3 seconds will either live or die here. Jeang Booby couldn't help but laugh out loud. Susan, you're really exaggerating. Who isn't even at the third rank say such things to him? A third rank sixth level cultivator. It seems that Su Chu is not only a prodigy but also a hotthead. If it weren't for the fear of deputy commander Hua behind him, he would have been killed long ago. For a moment, everyone in the shadow gang looked at Su Chan with amusement. They felt that Su Chin's reasons were simply not enough to warrant their deaths here. Just as Su Chan was about to put down the first finger, he saw two people from the backyard carrying a bleeding person over. Boss, this Lee Ergu is really stubborn. We've been beating him for ages, but he still won't tell us where he hid the storage ring. I think we should just chop him up. Leu coughed up a mouthful of blood. Jeang Booby, your shadow gang is getting its comeuppants. His eyes dimmed. This time, he would never see his wife and daughter waiting for him to bring back wine and meat. He hated the injustice of the world. Jeang Booby chuckled and looked at Such Chan. Su Shan, you wouldn't interfere in some of the internal affairs of my shadow gang, would you? Looking at Leurgu, whose entire body was stained with blood, Such Chin clenched his fists so tightly they cracked. With a wave of his hand, the door slammed shut. Now none of you can escape. What did Leurga do wrong? He just wanted to make money so that his wife and children could live a better life. He did nothing wrong. The Shadow Gang was the one who was wrong. Today, not a single member of this Shadow Gang will be spared. Chapter 84. The Demise of the Shadow Gang. The Shadow Gangs protective umbrella. In an instant, countless dark elements surged wildly across the ground of the courtyard like a black raging tide. A dark pool emanating from the dark element appeared out of thin air. The dark element within the pool transformed into countless tentacles, controlling everyone present. Such Chen, what are you trying to do? Even if we, the shadows, made a mistake, it doesn't warrant death. Even if it does warrant death, the decision should be made by the Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau. Suchin slowly raised his eyes, his gaze now devoid of any pity. Whether you live or die is up to me. With a raised hand, countless shadow claws appeared out of thin air in the sky. This is the powerful change brought about by the artistic conception. No longer limited to condensing only one, it can now conjure multiple ones. Boom. Boom. With a deafening roar, countless shadow claws slammed down, striking the trapped shadow gang members with the terrifying power of the Black Lotus of Annihilation's 100% destructive force. The Shadowclaw's power is unparalleled, leaving blood and flesh flying wherever it goes. The screams of the shadow gang members echoed in the courtyard and blood gushed out like a fountain, quickly staining the entire courtyard red. They converged into shocking blood red lakes. Seeing this tragic scene, Jeang Booby turned pale and hurriedly dodged away in a sorry state. When he saw Su Chin's cultivation level, his eyes were instantly filled with terror. Third tier, first level, and that shadow claw that has reached the true intent realm. Such Chun, that's enough. You've already killed too many of my shadow gang members. Jeang Booby swallowed hard, suppressing his shock, and shouted loudly. I said it. Not a single one will be spared. The shadow sword dance was activated, and dozens of shadow swords formed from dark elements roared out. Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Each shadow sword precisely pierced a fleeing member of the shadow gang, severing their throat with a single, clean strike. Those who had been trying to escape instantly lost their will to live and fell straight to the ground. In just a few moments, only Jean Booby remained from the entire shadow gang. Jeang Booby panicked completely. The Suchin in front of him was not human at all. They were clearly the grim reaper, the master of life and death, mercilessly reaping their lives. Such Chan, I'm not someone to be trifled with either. Enraged, Jeang Booby roared and activated his B-level ability, demon armor transformation. Suddenly, his figure grew taller. His entire body tightly enveloped in a layer of hard black rock system. Add points to upgrade me to tier three. Level three. I just killed dozens of people, which is enough for 30,000 kill points. After consuming 30,000 kill points, I have successfully reached the third level of the third tier. Such Chin's aura suddenly surged, directly climbing to the third level of the third rank. He flashed forward, activating shadow flash, and instantly appeared in front of Jeang Booby, grabbing his neck. Do you think you're tough? O, you can't break through my defenses. Jean Booby feigned composure and snorted coldly. However, Such Chan pressed his hand directly onto his head, causing dark elements to surge wildly. The first shadow claw strike shattered the hard black rock instantly. Immediately afterwards, a dozen or even a hundred shadow claws rained down like a storm. Each strike accompanied by the venting of Su Chin's rage. Jeang Boobie's entire face and head were quickly turned into a bloody mess. A truly gruesome sight. After a long while, seeing that he had lost all life, Such Chun threw Jean Booby aside like trash, coldly uttering two words, "Trash." Just then, the door of the shadow gang was pushed open with a bang, and Sujo and his men rushed in. All the onlookers saw was dozens of members of the shadow gang lying in pools of blood. The scene was extremely gruesome. At the highest point, Su Shanun, dressed in black, stood with his back to the crowd, his entire body stained with blood and crimson blood still slowly dripping from his fingers like a god of death emerging from hell. Beside him L Jang Booby, his upper body a bloody mess, barely clinging to life. At this moment, the entire audience was shocked. How long has it been? Such Chan actually wiped out the entire Shadow Gang, which consisted of dozens of people. You should know that the leader of the shadow gang has a B-level superpower, level three, level six, and is thick-skinned and tough, but now he has been beaten into this state. How can this not be shocking? Just how powerful is Such Chun? Ignoring the noise of the door opening, Suchin quickly squatted down, looked at Leurgu, and softly called out, "Brother Ergu." After experiencing all these events, Such Chin understood a lot. From that day forward, he showed no mercy whatsoever. How could a gang of shadowy figures who can organize to rob others be good people? Kindness was forever severed from him. Leu slowly opened his eyes, looked at Such Chun, and said weakly, "Sue, brother Sue." Such Chin quickly took out a recovery potion and fed it to Lee Ergu, saying, "Don't talk. Just focus on healing." Then he slowly stood up and looked at the group of people outside the door. "Director Su, how have you been?" Upon hearing Su Chens voice, Sujo and felt a chill rise from the soles of her feet, and the hairs on her body stood on end. Brother Su Chun, my daughter was blind to your true nature. Please don't take offense. I'll have her apologize to you. Sujo and hurriedly pulled Su Xiao in front of Su Chun and shouted sternly, "Kneel down. Apologize." The last glimmer of light in Su Xiaos eyes vanished, and she felt utterly ridiculous. All that talk of fairness and justice taught by my father. All that he would treat everyone fairly no matter who they were. It was all a lie. She was the only one kept in the dark like a fool. She was even proud of her father. Thinking about it now, it's disgusting. I'm sorry, Such Chun. She cowed out hard and blood instantly streamed down her forehead. The pain in her forehead made her realized the cruelty of this world and the hypocrisy of her father. Such Chan lifted her face and straightened it, then suddenly slapped her, making a crisp and pleasant sound. Consider this slap a lesson for you, otherwise you won't even know how you died. You can't get angry at a fool because you're already laughing in anger. You say she's bad-hearted. I don't think so. She's just a bit of an idiot. Besides, what's wrong with someone who wholeheartedly pursues fairness and justice in handling matters? Simply put, they are new to society, but have a strong sense of justice and want to do great things. Yet they lack social skills and understanding of human relationships. They haven't experienced the harsh realities of life. But the root of all this lies with her father and with this unjust world. What true fairness is there in this world? Despite the burning pain on her face, Su Xiao wasn't angry. Instead, she softly thanked her, "Thank you." Only by experiencing pain can she constantly remember why it hurts. Suchin was speechless. Was this woman crazy to say thank you after being slapped? He ignored Su Xiao and looked at Su Jojo and instead, Director Su, do you think this matter is over and done with? Sujo and quickly smiled apologetically and said, "Lord Su, if you have any complaints, you can punish my daughter." Over Such Chun, this father was utterly repulsive. He turned around, fumbled for Jeang Booby's phone, and then found a notebook. He looked at Su Joan, a half smile on his face, and said, "Director Sue, who do you think is protecting the shadow gang, allowing them to commit robberies with such impunity?" Lea once said that the shadow gang had someone in charge. So, who exactly is that person who allows the shadow gang to rob and kill with such impunity? This is truly an interesting puzzle. That's so hard to guess. Sujo was shocked. Could it be that Such Chun had already realized that he was protecting the Shadow Gang behind the scenes? Since brother Such Chun has said so, as the bureau chief, I will definitely investigate this thoroughly and give you an explanation. Sujo Anang pretended to be calm and stepped forward to snatch the phone and diary. Such Chun dodged aside, opened his notebook, and began to read aloud. In the spring of the 295th year of the new calendar, I was found by and from Sujo. He asked me to build a gang, rob the spoils of some monster hunting teams in the vicinity, and split the spoils 7/3. I agreed. During the grain rain season of 295 in the Gregorian calendar, that old bastard really swindled me. He took 80% of my spoils this time. I need to make a note of this in case he turns his back on me later. The Gregorian calendar. Each record like a sharp knife mercilessly pronounc his judgment on Sujo and various crimes. Sujo and was trembling all over his eyes bloodshot and he shouted hysterically, "This isn't me. This is Jeang Booby making things up." As he spoke, a ruthless killing intent flashed in his eyes. Suchin chuckled lightly. What? Director Sue, are you planning to kill me to cover your tracks? Chapter 85. The curtain falls, heading to the beast taming alliance for a challenge. Sujo and clenched his fists tightly, his knuckles turning slightly white from the force and his veins bulging. In that instant, a resolute killing intent surged into his heart. But in the end, his hands slowly loosened like a deflated balloon. He did have that crazy thought just now, but reason ultimately prevailed. A bitter smile appeared on his face. If he killed Su Chun, his wife and daughter would also suffer and become innocent victims. He still had a shred of conscience left. His wife, parents, and daughter were innocent and shouldn't have to pay for his mistakes. One wrong step leads to another. He sighed inwardly. When he chose to protect the gang's arson, murder, and looting, and even took a cut of the spoils, he should have foreseen this outcome. But he didn't expect it to happen so soon. Of course, this is also thanks to his precious daughter. He sighed deeply, his voice filled with the weariness of time. The actions of protecting the shadow gang and so on were all my own and had nothing to do with my wife and daughter. The moment he uttered those words, he aged considerably, as if he had aged more than 10 years in an instant. At this moment, Su Xiao, who was kneeling on the ground, collapsed to the ground as if she had lost her support. Her eyes were filled with shock and realization. Only now did she finally understand why she had repeatedly tried to find out about the Shadow Gangs criminal records, but always came up empty-handed. Why is it that every time someone reports the Shadow Gang and she tries to intervene, her investigative power is always snatched away by others and everything returns to normal? It turns out that the mastermind behind all of this was actually his own father. Thinking of all this, Su Xiao felt a strong wave of nausea surge up in her heart, and her stomach churned violently. He himself was mired in the meer. Yet, he allowed her to remain untainted by it all. "You're disgusting," she said, looking at Sujo and with eyes full of loathing, looking at the undisguised hatred in her daughter's eyes. Sujo felt as if her heart was being twisted by a sharp knife, causing unbearable pain. "Daughter, I'm so sorry." His voice was pleading, yet it sounded so powerless. Su Xiao closed her eyes slightly, as if trying to erase the father who had disappointed her so much from her sight. Then she got up and staggered away, her back view filled with loneliness and disappointment. Suchin watched this scene and gently shook his head. The father is so ruthless, yet he raised such an upright daughter. This family is truly full of drama. Such Chan gave the order. men take Sujo into the Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau for further processing. Who had originally followed Sujo online were still immersed in shock and confusion. Upon hearing Su Chen's order, he seemed to wake from a dream and stepped forward. Director Sue, shall we go? Their tone was cautious, clearly still reeling from the shock they had just experienced. Moreover, they never expected that Su Joan, who usually appeared so respectable, would do such a thing. Sujo and looked at Su Chun, his eyes filled with pleading. I only beg you, don't let my wife and daughter be implicated. They are innocent. Suchin remained calm. Well talk about it later. Words can be dangerous. One should not make any promises before thoroughly investigating the matter. If there's a connection, isn't this unnecessary? Sujo lowered his head helplessly and was escorted into the car by several people, slowly driving away. Such Chan called over a few more people to take Lee Ergu to the hospital and then they went together to the Shanghai City Supernatural Ability Administration Bureau. Shanghai City Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau. The Superpower Management Bureau building looked somewhat eerie under the dim lights at night. At the building entrance, Deputy Director Leong Chong greeted him with a broad smile. Welcome, Master Su. You probably already know what happened, right? I am aware of this and I am truly heartbroken by the way my superiors have acted. Shouldn't that be? You're the deputy director. Shouldn't you be hoping he steps down? Suchin teased with a half smile. A hint of embarrassment flashed across Leong Chongs face. Oh, not at all. I'm wholeheartedly dedicated to the people. It doesn't matter who's in charge. All right. All right. Someone will investigate and find out the truth tomorrow. Well know everything right and wrong. After finishing his sentence, Such Chan ignored Leong Chong Ning and walked straight into the Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau. As soon as I entered, a guard hurried over with a phone in his hand. It's a call from Deputy Commander Hua. Suchin answered the phone and heard Hugh Jehongs cheerful voice. You did a good job, kid. Do you need some experience to handle the follow-up matters? No, I'm not suited for this kind of cleanup work. Vice Commander Hua, please send someone. He had little interest in the follow-up work such as settling accounts, finding the wrongdoers, or getting a conviction. He preferred simple, direct killing, the kind of clean and efficient feeling. Harah, just like my temper, I've already sent people over to handle the follow-up matters. If you want to watch, you can stay and take a look. If you don't want to watch, you can go back to Kyoto. Suchin hesitated for a moment and said, "I won't watch it, but I have some things to take care of in Shanghai City. What's the point of looking? It doesn't mean we can take away the money used to cover it up. Oh, okay then. By the way, when did you break through to the third tier? You really gave me a fright. Half an hour ago, Huhan X informant told him that Su Chun had singledhandedly wiped out the shadow gang and his cultivation level had even reached the third rank, first level. He could hardly believe his ears until he saw the footage transmitted back, at which point he finally believed it. Su Chuun is a freak. They're only freshman, but their level of understanding is already on par with sophomores. How are sophomores supposed to live? At this rate, could he pass the entire Kyoto Supernatural Ability Academy in 2 years? I just arrived recently, Suchin said casually. Huh? That's all. You make it sound like a joke. Countless people envy your cultivation speed. I know you have secrets, so remember to protect yourself. Everyone has secrets, and he was no exception. It's just that Such Chin secret was rather big. However, in terms of potential, Sud Chun has enormous potential. A peerless genius. One in 10 years, one in a 100 years, or even one in a thousand years. I know that. Thank you for your concern, Deputy Commander Hua. Why call me Deputy Commander Hua? Call me Uncle Hua. Hello, Uncle Hua. Suchin responded with a sense of joy, for it's always good to have a powerful backer. Uh, that's more like it. I won't say much more. The people I've sent will be here soon. You've done a good job tonight. Once the Shanghai City Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau has handled this matter, they will reward you accordingly. Such Chen's eyes lit up. A reward for merit? Then thank you for your kindness, Uncle Hua. Stop flattering me. I'm hanging up. Huh? Jean Shan laughed as he hung up the phone. Suchin looked at the phone in his hand, his mood improving slightly. He glanced at the time again. It was already past midnight. It seemed he'd have to spend the night in Shanghai City. Tomorrow he'd visit Leurgu and then it was time to challenge the beast taming alliance. The next day, superpower management bureau hospital. Thank you so much, my benefactor. Thank you so much, my benefactor. In the ward, a simply dressed woman with a little girl who was not yet 10 years old was about to kneel down to thank Such Chun with gratitude in her eyes. Suchin quickly helped them up with both hands. No need for that. Brother Ergo is my friend. This is what I should do. The woman by Xenmine wiped away her tears. Her voice choked with emotion. No matter what, you are our family's benefactor. If it weren't for Su Chun, Leu wouldn't be alive, and their family would be broken. Then, as your benefactor, I command you to sit down to the side. Baija hesitated for a moment, but still listened to Such Chun and sat down on a chair next to her. Suchin looked at Leu on the hospital bed and asked with concern, "Brother Ergu, how are you? Are you feeling better?" Lea grinned, his face still a little pale, but he looked much better. Much better. He clenched his fist, trying to prove he was all right, but his movements were somewhat weak. Such Chan felt a little relieved. Just then, there was a gentle knock on the ward door, and the hospital director walked in. The dean was a middle-aged man who wore glasses and looked refined and cultured. "Is this Such Chun, the top freshman at Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy?" The dean's voice carried a hint of respect. Such Chan turned his head. It's me. It is my fault as the dean that I failed to welcome you in time. Such Chan waved his hand. No need to be so polite. This patient is my friend. Please treat him well. Definitely. Definitely. The dean nodded hurriedly, his face beaming with smiles. Seeing that he agreed, Suchin looked at Leu again. Brother Urgu, I have something to do. Let's talk another day. It's getting late. Time to head back to Kyoto and challenge the beast taming alliance. Reciprocity is a fine virtue of the Dragon Kingdom. He wants to carry on that legacy. Chapter 86. The battle against banned drugs may not be unwinable. All right, see brother Su out. Leu quickly said to Baijan mean beside him. Just as Baijan was about to get up, she heard Su Chens voice. No need to see me off. Take good care of brother go. A faint smile played on his lips as he turned and walked out of the ward. Baihin watched his retreating figure, a hint of admiration in her eyes, and whispered, "What a fine young man, handsome and capable. Yes, if our daughter were a few years older, maybe we could even become in-laws." The two looked at each other and smiled knowingly. Leaving the ward, Such Chun strolled down the hospital corridor. He took out his phone and quickly swiped the screen to check the latest trending topics in Shanghai City. Breaking news. Su Joan, the former director of the Supernatural Abilities Bureau of Shanghai City, has been sent to the alien demon cave for a death battle after protecting gang members who committed arson, murder, and robbery. Shocking. Such Chun, the top freshman at Kyoto Academy, single-handedly caused a major reshuffle at the Shanghai City Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau. The shadow gang wiped out overnight. Is this a sign of moral decay or a distortion of human nature? The previous trending news stories almost all revolved around him and the Shanghai City Superpower Management Bureau. As for Sujo and being escorted to the battlefield of the alien demon cave, that was undoubtedly a dead end. The demon cave, an alien battlefield, is the most brutal frontline battlefield. Almost no criminals sent there ever return alive. All I can say is that he deserved it. Su Chan. At this moment, a voice came. Suchin was slightly takenback. He looked up and saw Su Xiao standing quietly not far away, her eyes filled with complex emotions. What are you doing here? Nothing much. I just wanted to say thank you. Such Chin was somewhat speechless. Thank me. She actually thanked him for sending her father to the battlefield of the alien demon cave. Yes, if it weren't for you, I wouldn't have recognized my hypocritical father, and I would still be immersed in the fantasy that everything in this world can be fair. Huh? You don't hate me for sending your father to the battlefield of the alien demons lair. This is the retribution he deserves. Su Xiao gently bit her lip. She had just glanced at the trending news. Almost none of the comments below were negative. They were all praising Such Chan for doing a good job and condemning her father for deserving to die. After all, the Shadow Gang, which her father protected, had committed wanting killings, tearing countless families apart, and that pain is still etched in the hearts of the victim's families. Such Chined softly. So, what are you planning to do in the future? Go kill monsters to earn money and make up for the family's hurt by the shadow gang. Such Chan was somewhat surprised, not expecting Su Xiao to have such determination and courage. That was great. Looking forward to seeing you again next time. After saying that, he waved his hand and turned to walk towards the military vehicle of the Superpower Administration bureau parked at the hospital entrance. Su Xiao stood quietly in place, watching the car gradually drive away, her eyes becoming even more determined. Kyoto Bee's taming Alliance headquarters. Director Jeang, did you bring your students here for sightseeing? Hibou asked the question with a faint smile on his lips, knowing the answer already. Jackie Chong snorted. Of course, it's a matter of reciprocity to challenge them. The experience of being challenged last time was like a thorn stuck in his heart, still vivid in his mind. This time he was determined to rely on Such Chun to turn the tables again. One more comfortable moment. Since that's the case, how about we talk in private for a moment? Hibbo narrowed his eyes slightly, gesturing for Jackie Chong to step aside. Seeing this, Jackie Chong followed him to the side. Director Jeang, can you name a price? How can we prevent Su Chan from causing trouble? Jackie Chong chuckled. I don't know about that, but Suchin usually has a big appetite. felt immensely pleased to have a student like Such Chun. I have Such Chun, but you don't. That's why I'm so tough. Oomph, Jackie Chun, don't push your luck. If Such Chin wants to challenge us, let him come. Wu Henji walked over with a face full of anger. Jeang Shuyo glanced at him slightly and said, "What? Could it be that Vice Alliance leader Wu has someone stronger than that newcomer who contracted a monster beyond his level? That's none of your business. You'll find out when we challenge them later." In order to win, he felt that he could use any means necessary. Even if the person was fake, what problem would it be if the age was fake? Nonsense. I am the leader of the alliance. Hibu was extremely dissatisfied with Wuhanjis actions. He's destroying the entire Kyoto beast taming alliance. Wuhangji remained calm, his gaze sweeping over the surrounding elders. Elders, are you willing to apologize and evade responsibility, or are you willing to confront them headon? He clapped his hands and several elders came to his side, nodding in agreement. Hibu sighed deeply, his face full of disappointment. Foolish, foolish. He was utterly disappointed in the beast taming alliance. It was incredibly foolish. Alliance leader, just wait and see the show. I'm absolutely confident in this battle. Don't you agree, Ziaoan? Wuhenji looked smuggly at the burly man beside him. Xiaoan nodded. Alliance leader, rest assured. I will win this battle. He made thorough preparations for this battle, even resorting to ban drugs. In his view, what does it matter if some drugs are used as long as he can win on the battlefield? A good soldier is one who can kill the enemy. Besides, only members of his beast taming alliance could tell that he was using forbidden drugs to enhance his monsters. Hibay closed his eyes slightly. It seemed that after this battle, the headquarters of the Kyoto Beast Taming Alliance might really have to be rebuilt. Even if he wins, it would be an unfair victory. As for the possibility of losing, it seems unlikely. After all, Zhia Shan can control two third tier, fifth level demonic beasts. One is an elite level beast and the other has a top tier bloodline. The two demonic beasts working together can even kill an ordinary third tier, seventh level expert. Even if Su Shan were stronger with his second tier strength, it would be difficult for him to defeat these two powerful demonic beasts. Time passed by and a dozen minutes later, an official military vehicle came to a steady stop at the entrance of the Beast Taming Alliance. Such Chan got out of the car and saw that the entrance of the Beast Taming Alliance was surrounded by people from the Beast Taming Alliance, including Director Jeang and some students. Su Chun, you finally arrived. As soon as Jackie Chun saw Su Chun get out of the car, he quickly ran to greet him, his face full of excitement. They're here. How about we challenge them? Such Chin's gaze swept over the surrounding crowd. "Of course, we're just waiting for you," Jackie Chong thought to himself, never expecting that he, as the department head, would one day have to rely on his students. "All right," Suchin stepped forward, looking directly at Wuhanji. "Vice alliance leader Wu, have you chosen your opponent?" Wu Henji sneered. Freshman Xiaoan, prepare to meet Such Chan. Ziaoan stepped out from the crowd. Such Chun, do you dare to fight me? Upon seeing this, Jackie Chong, standing behind him, flew into a rage and immediately stepped forward to question him. Wuhengi, if I remember correctly, Xiao Shan joined the Beast Taming Alliance last year, didn't he? Don't you have any shame? The crowd nearby also started discussing it. Their emotions running high. This beast taming alliance is outrageous. Making beast tamers who have spent over a year fight someone who has only cultivated for half a month. Huh. They really have no shame. The Beast Taming Alliance should just be called the Shameful Alliance. I was actually thinking of having my child join the Beast Taming Alliance, but thankfully they didn't. Exactly. I never expected the Beast Taming Alliance to be so shameful. Immediately, public sentiment was aroused and accusations rose and fell. Wu Hangji smiled contemptuously, showing no remorse on his face. Xiaoan didn't learn the basics well, so he's now learning with the new students of my alliance. How can he not be considered a new student? Besides, on the battlefield, if there aren't detailed rules and restrictions, isn't winning all that matters? Don't you think so, Director Jeang? As long as I win, that's all that matters. Fame and fortune are for the victors. Jackie Chong was so angry, he wanted to curse. He had never seen such a shameless person who could make shamelessness sound so respectable. It should be noted that Xiaoan's strength is such that even Such Chun cannot defeat him. Even among the secondyear students at the Kyoto Supernatural Ability Academy, there were very few who could defeat him. Wu Henji, you shameless bastard. I'll your mother. Jackie Chun finally couldn't hold back and burst into a tiraate. After venting his anger, he grabbed Su Chun and prepared to leave, saying, "Let's go." In his view, his opponent was so shameless that he couldn't afford to lose face along with him. Suchin remained unmoved. Don't worry, Director Jeang. I don't think Xiaoan is invincible. Chapter 87. Extreme Electric Cheori Rock Giant. Jackie Chong froze for a moment, then blurted out, "Such Chin, are you sure you didn't make a mistake? Of course, you're right. Since the opponent is cheating, we'll crush them completely with our absolute strength. So, what if they cheat? As long as we crush them with overwhelming strength, we can definitely expose their true colors and make them look ridiculous." Jackie Chun was slightly taken aback and wondered to himself if Su Chun had actually broken through to the third level. Otherwise, how could he have dared to accept this seemingly hopeless duel? But upon closer reflection, it seemed utterly unbelievable. Only a few days had passed. Could Suchin really have crossed that enormous threshold between the second and third tiers? Of, since you insist on asking for trouble, don't turn around and say, "We bullied you when you lose." A hint of surprise flashed in Wuhanjis eyes. He thought that this challenge would end there, but he did not expect that Such Chan would take the initiative to challenge him. What if I win? Suchin countered. Win, huh? If you really have the ability to beat me, I'll kneel down and cow out three times right here and now and respectfully call you Master Su. Wuhenji scoffed. Want to win? Easier said than done. Such Chan would only have a slight chance of winning if he reached the third rank. And even then, he would need to be at the second or third level of the third rank. Since the last challenge, Such Chan has not only reached the third level, but even if he can break through to the 10th level of the second level, his cultivation speed is unprecedented and unparalleled in the world. All right, since Vice Alliance leader Wu is so eager to acknowledge a father, I won't stop him. By the way, where is the arena? Follow me. Wu Hangji turned around and led the group to the front of the arena. This arena is slightly smaller compared to the arena at the superpower academy. Please. Wuhenji gestured for them to proceed. Such Chun leaped onto the arena and shouted, "Come and fight." Xiaoan stretched his limbs. Since Such Chun was so arrogant and ignorant, he would show him what the difference in strength was today and give him a lesson he would never forget. He leaped onto the arena, cupped his hands slightly, and said, "Brother Su Chun, please." The elders below the stage looked at each other, all bewildered. Suchinuptu, where does his confidence and audacity come from? The match begins. At Wuhangjis command, a flash of light appeared between Xiao Xans brows, and a thousand birds of extreme lightning roared out, its body crackling with electricity. Then, a huge rock giant slowly emerged, towering like a mountain, giving people a strong sense of oppression. One is a flying demon beast with extremely high speed. The other is a land demon beast with formidable defense. Suchin raised his eyes, a glint of wild joy flashing within them. This was perfect. He could take down two opponents at once. He activated his detection function and quickly examined the two demonic beasts. Name: Chidori. Bloodline elite. Realm level, third tier, fifth level. Attributes: Thunder Wind. Note, extremely fast. Name: Rock Giant. Bloodline top grade realm level third tier fifth level attributes rock soil note strong defense Such Chun to be honest you are indeed very strong to have achieved so much at your age is truly astonishing if you admit defeat now we will let bygones be bygones and pretend nothing happened secretly admired Su Chin's current strength which was far beyond his imagination and was almost comparable to the results of his more than a year of hard training It should be noted that Such Chan reached such a level in just over 10 days. Suchin shook his head and said, "I appreciate your kindness, but I'm really envious of these two demonic beasts. Once you take care of them, you'll get thousands of kill points. It's a great deal." H Are you envious? Xiaoan was slightly taken aback. That's right. Watch closely. I'm coming. As soon as the sound faded, several black shadow claws suddenly appeared in the sky, striking the two demonic beasts like black lightning. Get out of the way. Xiaoan's expression changed drastically, and he shouted loudly. The Chidori reacted extremely quickly, dodging the attack in an instant. However, the rock giant was not so lucky. Several shadow claws slammed into its body, the powerful impact like an avalanche, causing the rock behemoth to crash to the ground, its rocks shattering and scattering everywhere. How? How could this happen? Ziaoan stared at the fallen rock giant, his face full of confusion. This rock behemoth is a demon beast with top tier bloodline. Its defense is so strong that even the S-class lightning type superpower, which is known for its strongest destructive power, would find it difficult to shatter its rocks into such a state in a short time. At this moment, he couldn't help but curse inwardly, who said that dark type abilities were weak in terms of destructive power. That's utter nonsense. The audience below the stage was in an uproar with exclamations rising and falling. Holy crap. When did this kid break through to the third level of the third tier and even master the shadow claw of true intent? Jackie Chun couldn't help but swear, his eyes filled with shock. 3 days ago, Su Chun was only at the eighth level of the second tier, but now he has reached the third level of the third tier. This cultivation speed is something that even the most outstanding geniuses of the same level, often referred to as Srank, would take more than half a year to achieve. Suchin only took 3 days. So, Such Chin's cultivation speed is actually 60 times that of other geniuses of the same level. H, what's even more unbelievable is that Su Chan was able to comprehend the true meaning of combat skills at such a young age. Thinking about how I've lived for decades and still haven't reached the true level of any combat skill, I'm truly ashamed of myself. Wuhanji's eyes widened bigger than the sun. Is this even human? This cultivation speed is simply monstrous. But we absolutely cannot lose this match. We've already resorted to some underhanded tactics. And if we lose now, the beast taming alliance will truly lose all face. Xiaoan gets serious. Xiaoan naturally understood Wuhenji's meaning. He was being asked to use banned drugs. He originally didn't want to use such despicable means, but now the situation forced him to resort to this last trump card. Chidori tank catch. He took out two pills, one red and one blue, and threw them forcefully at the electric thousand birds and the rock giant. The two demonic beasts caught the pills at the same time and swallowed them in one gulp. A few seconds later, the lightning wrapped around the thousand birds of extreme lightning became even more intense, and its size also increased. The rock giant's entire body had turned blood red, and its height had increased to 4 m, standing on the arena like a small mountain. Such Chan sensed the sudden increase in the aura of the two demonic beasts and was slightly takenback. Did they eat Snickers? How did they suddenly become so fierce? Call out. The thousand birds of lightning transformed into a bolt of lightning, swooping down at incredible speed to grab at Such Chen's head. Such Chun immediately conjured the killing demon scythe and held it horizontally in front of him. With a crisp clang accompanied by a powerful impact, Such Chan involuntarily staggered back a few steps. Rock giant, crush him on Such Chan like giant stone pillars. To Anuan, Suchin called out, and Towanchuan instantly merged with him and possessed him. Such Chan spread his wings and took to the air, dodging the attack while glancing at the thousand birds of the extreme lightning. Didn't expect that, did you? I can fly, too. Such Chan activated shadow flash, instantly appearing behind the thousand birds of lightning and wielded the killing demon scythe, slashing towards its body. However, Chidori reacted extremely quickly, easily dodging the attack with a side step, her eyes carrying a hint of mockery, as if to say, "You can't hit me. Hey, you're pretty fast, aren't you? Then try this." Chapter 88. There's always a reason why someone is pitiful around Sue Chun instantly transforming the entire ground into a sinister and terrifying dark elemental pool. In the demon pool churned like black mud, countless dark elemental claws suddenly emerged from the bottom of the pool, reaching straight for the thousand birds of extreme lightning. The thousand birds of extreme lightning let out a sharp cry, flapping its wings as it tried to escape the overwhelming dark elemental claws. However, the ghostly claw followed closely, forcefully grabbing the thousand birds of lightning and dragging it violently into the demonic pool. The thousand birds of lightning crackled with lightning, several thick bolts of lightning, surging forth as it attempted to dispel the repulsive dark elemental claws. No matter how much it struggled, those ghostly claws remained unmoved, making the resistance of the electric thousand birds seem so feudal. Where can you run to now? With a flash, he raised his hand and brought down his blade. The killing demon scythe cleaved the electric thousand birds in two. Kill a tier three level five elite bloodline monster. Kill points plus 3,000. Piss 3,000. Such Chun took a deep breath, a hint of surprise flashing in his eyes. Not only that, the amplification of the slaughtering demon scythe also increased by 0.5%. No. Zia Shans eyes widened in fury as he let out a desperate roar. His extreme lightning thousand birds had died just like that. Rock giant, smash him flat. Upon receiving the command, the rock giant leaped high into the air, its massive body like a small mountain, and slammed down towards Such Chun, attempting to deliver a powerful dunk. I wonder if your rock is harder or my magic scythe. He brandished the death scythe, unleashing the netherworld. Nine slashes, six dark elemental slashes aimed directly at the rock giant. Boom! Crack! The immense impact and terrifying power, like an invisible force, shattered the rock on the giant's chest, leaving a deep wound. Shards of rock flew everywhere, and dust billowed into the air. Suchin was somewhat surprised by this. Although he was one level below the rock giant, the rock giant shouldn't be this hard, right? He activated his detection skill again, and this time he finally understood the reason. It was because of the drug. 666. If you can't beat them, just take drugs. With a muffled thud, the rock giant crashed to the ground. This scene left Xiaoan utterly bewildered. How could Such Chin's dark elemental destructive power be so formidable? Such Chan, I surrender. If Su Chin attacks a few more times, the rock giant will definitely be split in two. You can admit defeat, but this monster must die. Xiaoan quickly stepped in front of the rock giant, shouting, "If you want to kill it, you'll have to kill me first." Suchin frowned slightly. It seemed that the human and the beast had already developed feelings for each other. A thought flashed through his mind. What if there were little rock giants in the future? I don't have to kill it. Unless your beast taming alliance finds a few more tier three demonic beasts for me to kill. A few third tier demonic beasts can just make up for the difference in killing points between this one top tier demonic beast. Okay, I promise you. All right, then. Suchin looked at Wuhanji again, a mocking smile on his face. Good son, come and cow out three times to your father. Wuhangjis face was covered in bruises. I never said that. Oh, I'll record this. Suchin took out his phone and Wuhanjis voice came through clearly. Is the beast taming alliance such a sore loser? They don't even dare to cow. Exactly. It seems there's no need to join the beast taming alliance after all. People around him pointed and whispered, their voices creating an invisible pressure that made Wuhanjis face even more unpleasant. He gritted his teeth, his heart filled with humiliation. Fine, I'll fight. I can afford to lose. He walked up to Such Chun and said, "Master Su." He knelt down and cowtowed three times. "Oh, my good son, so well- behaved." Wu Hangji stood up and loudly announced, "My beast taming alliance conceds defeat. He truly had no other choice. Going against Such Chun would only lead to an even worse end. You can't go against the heavens. You can't go against Such Chun. He always manages to catch you off guard. Don't rush, Vice Alliance leader Wu, how do you explain your use of ban drugs? These words shocked everyone in the beast taming alliance, filling them with astonishment and fear. How did Suchin see through it? Such Chun, what's this about ban drugs? Jackie Chong stepped forward and asked, "Oh, it's the Berserker pill that Xiaoan just used on the rock giant and the electric thousand birds. It's a pill that's strictly forbidden for superhumans to use, and it can greatly enhance their overall strength in a short time. Berserk pills can enhance a person's strength, but once the effects wear off, they can easily turn a person into a madman. As for its use on demonic beasts, it could very likely cause them to go berserk and injure innocent people. So, it has always been listed as a forbidden drug. Jackie Chun pointed at the beast taming alliance members and said, "Well, well, you dare to use prohibited items? You've got some nerve." Director Jeang Such Chun, how about giving this old Kajger a favor? Hibu spoke up at this moment, his face showing a hint of helplessness and pleading. Now that things have come to this, he cannot allow them to continue to deteriorate. Otherwise, the entire Kyoto beast taming alliance will be doomed. Jackie Chun hesitated for a moment, then looked at Su Chun. What do you say? Suchin was about to speak. Hibu stepped forward and handed over a card. Here is 50 million. Consider it payment for inviting classmate Su Chun to a battle. In addition, I will also give classmate Suchin 23rd tier demonic beasts from the beast taming alliances reserves to hunt later. I'm so sorry he said that, but his hand had already quickly stuffed the card into his pocket. Yes, the card just fell into my pocket by itself. Besides, this is what he deserves. He wasted so much of his time. So, what's wrong with losing a little money? Most importantly, the crime of using banned substances is not as serious as using performance-enhancing drugs in competitions. It will lead to the person being criticized for being a sore loser and their future prospects being bleak. Seeing that Suchin accepted it, Hibbo breathed a sigh of relief. He then looked at the elders of the Beast Taming Alliance and announced, "From this day forward, I will be leaving the Beast Taming Alliance and rebuilding the new Kyoto Beast Taming Alliance headquarters. Everyone, I resigned from this position today. If he doesn't leave, the entire Kyoto Beast Taming Alliance is doomed. His reputation may be ruined, but as long as Hibou s reputation isn't ruined, he can make a comeback." Alliance leader. Wu Hangji knelt down on the ground, his eyes filled with regret and pain if he hadn't insisted on doing it this way. How could things have turned out like this? He hated it. He hated that he had been blinded by his desire to make the beast taming alliance famous and had made such a wrong decision. Hibbo sighed. Xiao Hong, I know you're doing everything for the Alliance, but you're too hasty. He turned and left, his back view somewhat desolate. Wu Henji lowered his head, trembling all over. Without Hibu Bay, what was the point of his existence as the vice leader? He slowly stood up. I, Wuhanji, will bear the blame for today's events alone. You can curse me. Report me. It has nothing to do with my beast taming alliance. Seeing this, Su Chan could only say, "You reap what you sow. If only you had known then what you know now. If you don't provoke me, do you think I can you? There's always a reason why someone is pitiful." Chapter 89. skipping levels to challenge the perfect realm, the demonic claw of the Netherpool. All right, you're only stepping forward now. What's the point of all this? Suchin was speechless. It was a typical case of someone only realizing filial piety after their mother died. Wu Henji lowered his head deeply, unable to utter a single word after being rebuked by Such Chan. Such Chan ignored Wuhanji and turned his gaze to Xiao Shan. Brother, I want to ask where in the beast taming alliance can I hunt 23rd tier demonic beasts? 20 tier three monsters are quite valuable. They can be exchanged for at least tens of thousands of kill points. Follow me. Ziaoan led him toward the interior of the beast taming alliance. At this moment, Jackie Chong walked up with a smug look on his face. Hey, isn't this Wuhanji? How come you look so disheveled after only a short time? He had also been ridiculed in the same way a few years ago when he lost a challenge against the Kyoto Ability Academy. Today he finally has the chance to repay this humiliation. It's nothing more than an old man relying on his youth. Hey, I'm just relying on Su Chun. What can you do to me? Jackie Chun crossed his arms, his face full of pride. Having a student like Such Chun makes me so happy. I could laugh in my dreams. Wu Hangji turned his head away and ignored him, revealing the helplessness and despair of a loser. 51,000 kill points. After hunting down 20 tier three monsters and adding the kill points he had accumulated before, Suchin now had a total of 51,000 kill points. System raise my cultivation level by one level. Consumed 20,000 kill points. Realm upgraded to tier three, level four. In an instant, Such Sean s aura suddenly changed and the surrounding dark elements began to stir wildly like disturbed undercurrents surging endlessly. Phew, that feels good. Such Chan let out a long sigh of relief. System, how many kill points are needed for 10 rounds of blood coagulation? He is already at the second tier blood condensation realm, but he hasn't really started the blood condensation stage yet, and now he is about to enter the third tier spirit vein realm. A person with superpowers has 108 spiritual meridians in their body. Each time a meridian is opened, the speed at which they absorb source energy from the air will increase. Moreover, the more spiritual meridians are opened, the faster the source energy in their body will recover. The third tier spiritual meridian realm is a very crucial realm and an important stage for different people with superpowers of the same age to widen the gap in their cultivation speed. Ding. 10,000 kill points needed. Such Chan stroked his chin. Could it be that like bone tempering, the last round consumed the most kill points? System. How many kill points are needed for 18 rounds of blood coagulation? Requires 70,000 kill points. The maximum number of blood coagulation cycles is 18 with normal people completing 10 cycles and prodigies 14. Furthermore, mental power cultivation will be unlocked after 18 blood coagulation cycles. So that's how it is. It really is the 18th stage of blood coagulation that unlocks mental power cultivation. If one could reach the 18th stage of blood coagulation, wouldn't one be able to start cultivating spiritual power at the third stage while others would have to reach the fifth stage? That's a huge lead system. Upgrade the blood clotting level to 10. First, upgrade to round 10 and then upgrade to round 18 to unlock mental power training once you have enough kill points. Moreover, he doesn't even have a method for cultivating mental power yet. Spend 10,000 kill points. Successfully reached the 10th round of blood clotting. As soon as the system notification sounded, a scorching heat surged within Su Chen's body, and his essence blood gushed out from his limbs and bones, condensing into countless tiny blood beads. These blood droplets intertwined and merged, gradually converging into several thick blood lines that surged towards the core area deep within the Danteon. Time passed slowly and after a long while, the first round of blood clotting was finally completed. This miraculous change continued for another nine rounds until the 10th round of blood clotting was successfully completed. Such Chin's eyes shone with golden light, and an indescribable sense of comfort swept over his entire body, as if every pore was breathing freely. His mental energy also surged rapidly, as if a clear spring had been injected into it. In addition, the field of vision suddenly became incredibly clear, allowing one to see not only distant scenes, but also the fine dust particles floating in the air. If this reaches the 18th round of blood condensation realm, what kind of amazing changes will it bring? Suchan murmured to himself, his heart filled with anticipation. Next, Such Chin looked at the remaining 21,000 kill points and decided to upgrade the Netherworld Shadow Claw first, as this combat skill is very useful in actual combat. How many kill points are needed to upgrade the Shadow Claw of the Netherpool to its maximum level? Ding. 20,000 kill points are needed to complete the task. Promote. With the command given, the shadow claw of the Netherpool instantly reached its peak. At this moment, the attack range of the shadow claw of the netherpool expanded several times over and the dark elemental ghost claws condensed into demon pool also became stronger. System open the system panel name such chun realm level third tier fourth level. Special ability Srank shadow king cultivation method shadow ability cultivation method bone tempering 10th round of golden bones blood clotting round 10 accompanying spiritual artifact SS rank slaughtering demon scythe natal treasure 12th grade world destroying black lotus cultivation techniques boundless spiritual source technique first level and nine netherworld undying body first level combat skills tier three dark bath Strike mastery. Tier three, shadow flash. Mastery. Tier two, shadow claw. True meaning. Tier two, dark abyss demon pool. Mastery. Tier six, instant shadow killing array. Beginner. Tier five, netherworld, nine, slashes, mastery. Tier four, shadow shield. Not yet, beginner. Tier five, Netherpool shadow claw. Perfect. Tier six, shadow sword dance, beginner. After closing the panel, Su Chin smiled with satisfaction, already having a plan for the next step to improve the level of his superpower. Once I upgrade my S-rank ability to SS rank, I'll upgrade all my combat skills to the true realm. When that time comes, you will be able to use combat techniques of true essence. How will you deal with that? After adding the points, Such Chan walked out of the beast taming room and saw Xiao Shan waiting outside. Brother, this batch of monsters is pretty good. Remember to let me know if you get any new ones next time," Such Chan said with a hint of teasing in his voice. Xiao Xians face darkened instantly and his lips twitched a few times. "Look at what you're saying. These aren't girls from brothel. These are all carefully cultivated demonic beasts from our beast taming alliance. But what could he do? He couldn't win against them, even if he was defiant." Suchin walked outside again and saw a group of people shouting that they were quitting the beast taming alliance. Suchan had anticipated this scene. What goes around comes around. Deserves it. Serves you right. Such Chun, how was it? How was the experience of hunting monsters? Jackie Chun walked over with a big smile and asked, "Director Jeang, I'm going to kill monsters, not to visit brothel." Oh, haha. I was just too happy and didn't pay attention to my words. Come on, I'll take you for a drink. Goodbye. Dan Shu just informed me that I need to go back and draw my opponent for the skip grade challenge. I see. I'm really looking forward to seeing how my opponent reacts after you draw their number. First, they'll be overjoyed, and then they'll be begging for mercy after you beat them. Huh? Excitement gleamed in Jackie Chongs eyes. With Such Chin's current level of skill, few among the top 1,000 sophomores could rival him. I'm looking forward to it, too. Such Chin clenched his fist, his eyes filled with fighting spirit. Chapter 90. The legendary SS rank firet type superpowered student. Come on, I'll drive you home. Jackie Chong greeted warmly. The two got into the car which sped off towards the Kyoto Ability Academy. The sophomore training room. Director Chu, "Have you received the notification from Su Chin? I've already notified them. They should arrive in a few minutes." Chu Xining replied. Just as the two were talking, several secondyear students wearing the uniforms of the Shanghai Superpower Academy walked over. Shinming, who was in the lead, greeted them with a respectful expression. Director Chu, Dean Chu, hello. Chin Ming, what brings you here so suddenly? Director Chu, have you forgotten? Our two schools will be holding a secret realm competition in a week. I'm here today to exchange the participating lists of our two schools. Shien Ming spoke. He took out a list from his pocket and handed it to him. Chu Xangyong took the list and carefully scanned it. When he saw the name he didn't want to see, his eyes were filled with seriousness. He looked up and said, "Our list isn't finalized yet, but I'll have it ready and give it to you today." "Okay, Director Chu, I'll wait for your news." As soon as Chian Ming finished speaking, Su Chins voice rang out in the training room. "Din Shu, I'm here." Hearing the voice, Chu Xining looked at him and said, "Suuch Chun, come and draw your opponent for the skip level challenge." Such Chan had only taken a few steps forward when Shian Ming came up to him. "You're Such Chan." He naturally recognized Su Chun. Who didn't know Su Chun? All the top freshmen in the entire Dragon Kingdom s universities pald in comparison to him. It's me and who are you? Let me introduce myself. I am Shinming, a sophomore at the Shanghai Superpower Academy. Oh, if there's nothing else, please step aside. Shinming frowned slightly, but still politely stepped aside. Such Chan walked to the drawing table. How do I draw a number? Shu Xyang pointed to a button on the draw table. Press this button to draw one of the top 1,000 students in the second year as your opponent. Without hesitation, Su Chun pressed the button three times in a row. Soon, the three names were clearly displayed on the screen. Jeang Bai Lu Shungli Musher. Seeing the results of the draw, Chu XY couldn't help but shake his head. It seems your luck isn't very good. You're going to face Mushuer, the top student in the second year, in the skip grade competition. I advise you to give up. It's too difficult. You should know that skipping a level is already incredibly difficult, but now that you've drawn Mushware, it's even more difficult. Mushwe just broke through to the seventh level of the third rank yesterday. The difference in their realms alone is enough to make Su Chin feel suffocated. However, Su Chin's eyes gleamed with excitement. He was very satisfied with the result of the extraction. It's more interesting to go straight for the strongest second-year student. So, what if you're strong? Sorry, I'll only get stronger. I appreciate your kindness, director, but I'm very satisfied with the result. Chu Xang Yong was stunned. Satisfied? You drew the strongest opponent and you're satisfied? He was bewildered and didn't understand Su Chin's thoughts at all. Shinming, who had seen what had happened from behind, stepped forward and said, "Junior brother Suchin actually wants to skip a grade to challenge someone. He is indeed highly skilled and daring. However, Junior, let me give you a piece of advice. Mushwear is not someone you can defeat easily. Our sophomore champion was only slightly better than her. However, I'll give you another year to train, you'll definitely be able to do it. It's a good thing you weren't in the same year as us. If he were in the same year as Such Chan, he would have jumped long ago. Such Chun is absolutely monstrous. As for your claim that he skipped a grade and successfully entered his second year of university, isn't that the same year? You wanted to say, "How could that be? Could it be that Such Chan could crush Mushware, the top sophomore prodigy who has been cultivating for over a year after only half a month of cultivation? The probability of this is even lower than the probability of an old Sao making an atomic bomb by hand. Su Chun chuckled and patted Shian Ming on the shoulder. In a few days, we might actually be in the same year. Junior, you must be joking. Do you really think you can beat Mushware? Shin Ming said with a face full of suspicion. More or less, Such Chin said calmly. Shinming almost wanted to retort. Aren't you just bragging? But he held back and just shook his head inwardly. All right, Su Chun, are you really going to ignore my advice and insist on starting the level skipping challenge? Chu Xian Yong asked again. Yes, Director Chu. Seeing Su Chan s insistence, Chu Xian had no choice but to compromise. Since he won't listen to advice, let Moo Schweder teach him a lesson and show him his place. If you won't listen to reason, then don't blame me for losing the game and being humiliated in public. All right, in that case, let's start the grade skipping challenge tomorrow. Don't embarrass yourself if you lose. At this moment, Chu Xining spoke up. Director Chu, if Su Chin wins, please add one more spot to the inter school secret realm competition. Ho, that's no problem, provided he can win. Chu Xang Yong snorted coldly. He felt very distressed when the topic of the two schools secret realm competition came up. The secret realm competition between these two schools was actually a rehearsal for the 100 schools league. However, Mushweer failed to win the championship when she participated in the competition last year. This year, however, the situation seems even more dire. It is said that the top student in the second year of the Shanghai Superpower Academy has already advanced his superpower to SS level. It's important to understand that SS level abilities are not comparable to S-level abilities. Even Mushuer would be powerless against such an opponent. The thought of losing the interchool secret realm competition again this year gave Chu Shangyong a terrible headache. Seeing that Chu X Shangyong agreed, Chu Xining looked at Such Chan and said, "You kid, good luck." You know, for some reason, she inexplicably believed that Such Chin could do it. Moreover, the secondyear students urgently need someone stronger than Mushwear to fight against the legendary prodigy from the Shanghai Superpower Academy who possesses SS level five type superpowers. Since Mooer can't do it, then we can only wait and see if Such Chin can. Dean Shu, rest assured, I will do my best. Also, what exactly is the secret realm competition between the two schools? The two schools secret realm confrontation is a simulation exercise before the 200 school league. I see is the opponent very strong. I noticed that director Chu looks worried whenever this is mentioned. Such Chin keenly observed the change in Chu Xian Yangs expression and asked in confusion. Of course, Junior Such Chun, I'm not bragging, but our top student at the Shanghai Superpower Academy, his firetype superpower has reportedly reached SS level. Moreover, he was the champion of last year's 100 schools league, and he even defeated Moowear. Chinming said proudly, his face beaming with pride. A hint of amusement flashed in Su Chens eyes. SS level fire type ability. That's interesting. Such Chan, don't take it too seriously. It's just a rumor. Seeing Su Chin's expression, Shu Xiining worried that he might be under pressure, so she quickly said something. I didn't really take that to heart. Why worry about it? After the promotion competition ends tomorrow, I'll go hunting in the wilderness and my superpower will be upgraded to SS level. Chu Xining looked at Su Chun so calmly and couldn't help but wonder, is he really this calm in front of someone with SS level superpowers? Surely Such Chun won't suddenly upgrade his ability to SS level dark ability, right? Chapter 91. Such Chun versus Moo. With the matter settled, Chu Xangyong slowly said, "Chinming, stay here for one more day. come back and pick up the list after the great skipping challenge tomorrow. He was certain that the list would not change and that Su Chun had no chance of succeeding in the challenge. However, since he had already promised Chu Xining, he naturally had to give her this seemingly meaningless opportunity. Chinming quickly replied, "All right, I'm also looking forward to seeing how Junior Su Chin performs tomorrow. It'll be a good opportunity to see Su Chin's disheveled and defeated appearance. who told him to be so arrogant and unwilling to listen to advice. The thought that Such Chan would be slapped in the face by reality tomorrow filled him with a strange excitement. The two turned and left, leaving Chu Xining and Such Chin standing there. Chu Xianing asked softly, "Are you confident? I never do anything I'm not sure of." A hint of curiosity flashed in Chu Xeenings eyes. Such Chan was so confident. So, what exactly did he intend to rely on to defeat the powerful Mushware? It's important to know that Mooer as the top student in her second year is no pushover. I believe in you. Your combat skills, which are at least level seven, are waiting for your triumphant return. Su Chins eyes were full of anticipation. Then it's a deal. This combat skill, which is at least level seven, can be developed into a summoning skill. The two exchanged a few more words before parting ways. Nightfalls. Jang Lure rushed into Mushware s room in a flurry of activity. Sister, did you see that? Tomorrow is the grade skipping challenge, and your opponent is Such Chun. Mushweer frowned slightly, a hint of surprise and doubt flashing in her beautiful eyes. Had Suchin really drawn her? She sighed softly, feeling somewhat resistant to the match. After all, they were not at the same level, so what would be the point of winning? Sis, do you still think Such Chan is stuck at the second level? Seeing that Mushwer had no reaction, Jang Luer couldn't help but ask. Mushwear looked up. What could it be that he has already broken through to the third rank? It's not just the third rank. They're already at the third rank, third level. As Jang Luer spoke, he quickly pulled up the video of Su Chin's duel with Xiaoan and the Beast Taming Alliance. Mushweder stared at her phone screen, watching Su Chun display the third level of the third tier, his combat skills radiating true intent, and the demonic side that seemed to have undergone a strange transformation. An indescribable shock welled up in her heart. How could it be so fast? Mushwe murmured to herself. She really couldn't understand how Su Chan had been cultivating for less than a month while she had been cultivating for more than a year and how he was about to catch up with her. This terrifying speed of cultivation was something she could only dream of. Yeah, he's a freak and his combat skills are actually at the true intent level and he can even transform into another form. The power of his dark type ability is just too outrageous. As Jang Lu watched Su Chin's transformation in the video, she couldn't help but complain. This form seems to greatly enhance Su Chin's combat power and the destructive power of his dark type ability is simply unbelievable. How can the destructive power of dark type ability be stronger than that of lightning type ability? As Jang Luer described it, Mushwer became more and more alarmed. What exactly was that mysterious transformation form? Where does that terrifying destructive power of darkness come from? All of this was like a series of mysteries lingering in her mind. Sister, do you think there's a chance you might lose tomorrow? Jungl suddenly asked, "Won't If they were to fight at the same level, she might not be able to withstand two moves from Such Chun. But now that they are four levels apart, she is confident that she can defeat Such Chan. TCH, they might lose. As soon as Jang Lure finished speaking, he felt a chill rush towards him, and he couldn't help but shiver. He looked up and saw that the entire room was covered with a thin layer of ice. "Oh my, I'm sure I'll win tomorrow." Jeangl quickly changed her tune. Moo Schwed sighed helplessly and slowly closed her eyes. She would definitely go all out in tomorrow's battle and could not afford to lose. Second tier, first level to Anuan. I'll take you to soak in that shadow holy pool which costs hundreds of millions per pool. Another day. Suchin looked at Tuantoan with a face full of joy. Just now, Tuantoan had successfully broken through to the first level of the second tier. Okay, great job. I'll show you off in front of everyone tomorrow. The previous attempts to merge with Tuanchuan failed to summon her. So, it's time to show everyone how powerful Tuanchin is tomorrow. Moreover, after Tantuan reached the second tier, first level, the two amplification skills she possessed were also enhanced. According to the system, once Tantuan enters the growth stage at the seventh rank, the power she possesses will be immense. Also, Tuanchin in the seventh stage growth stage can unlock her second form. I wonder what amazing appearance she will have then. Su Chin spent another 20 million to buy food for Tuanto and then idly played on his phone. Just as I was engrossed in playing, a message suddenly popped up. Lie Chingqing, shall we go out? Such Chan was slightly taken aback when he saw the message, then replied, "Leing Ching, don't take it seriously. The internet says that if you message a guy like this, he'll reply instantly." Such Chun, that's definitely right. That's absolutely true. Anyone who saw such a message would be tempted to reply. Li Ching Ching, do you have time tomorrow night? There's something I want to talk to you about. Suchin, can't we say it now? Li Chingqing, no way, handsome. See you at the Peak Hotel tomorrow. If you don't come, you might never see me again. After sending this message, Li Chingqing did not reply to anything Suchin said. Suchin scratched his head in confusion. It seemed that Lie Chingqing intended to confess to him face to face and ask for his help. I don't know what happened to her that made her need my help. After playing on his phone for a while, Su Chin yawned and went to sleep. The next day, the arena was already packed with people with many students. is gathered there discussing the matter. I really don't understand. Why would our freshman Sushin challenge a sophomore? That's right. If Susan stays in his freshman year, he'll definitely crush the other team during the 100 schools league. Why does he have to go to his sophomore year to get humiliated? Alas, we mortals are indeed unable to comprehend the thoughts of gods. No, no, no. It's not just a possibility of losing. It's a certainty of losing because Sushin's opponent is Moowear. 666. This is a clash of titans. Let's see who's stronger. Throughout the audience, murmurss rose and fell, and without exception, everyone expressed their incomprehension of Su Chins behavior. Chu X Shangyong stood aside and snorted. This Such Chin wouldn't listen to advice, so let him just wait to make a fool of himself. Time passed second by second, and just as everyone was eagerly anticipating what was to come, a dark shadow flashed past the doorway, and Such Chin arrived on the arena. he said coldly, "Let's begin." Chu X Shangyong waved his hand and said, "Lucingly, go up and teach this arrogant brat a lesson." Upon hearing the command, Lucianly leaped onto the stage, a contemptuous smile on his face. "Isn't it better for a freshman to stay in freshman year? Why be so arrogant as to skip a grade? I'm ranked 109th in my sophomore year. If you can't even beat me, then you'd better get off the stage." Suchin raised his eyes. One move is enough. Except for Mushware. He just wanted to crush them as quickly as possible. Round and round. Chapter 921. Hit kill of absolute zero. A look of disdain appeared on Lucing Lee's face as he sneered. Kill me in one move. You must be dreaming. He's at the fifth level of the third tier. He's not made of paper and can't be killed in one move, right? However, the moment the words were spoken, a shadowy figure flashed by and the dark elf flapped its small wings and flew out. She gently raised her hand, mobilizing a dark elemental amplification power. In an instant, an extremely beautiful purplish black rose slowly appeared above Su Chin's head. Immediately afterwards, the dark elf merged with Su Chun like a wisp of purple smoke. As they possessed and merged, a powerful aura suddenly erupted from Su Chen's center. Su Chen's eyes instantly turned a deep purple, and a lightning bolt pattern flashing with black light appeared between his brows. At the same time, a pair of huge black wings stretched out from his back. Such Chan hovered high in the air, looking down at his eyes, which gleamed with purple light. I said, "One move, so it's one move." After saying that, he raised his hand, and the entire arena was instantly enveloped by a dark power, forming a dark elemental demon pool in the blink of an eye. Within the demon pool, dark elements surged and churned, emitting low demonic roars. Upon seeing this, Lucingly revealed a smug smile. Perfect timing. My superpower is flight. How else can you take me down in one move? A pair of blue wings quickly unfolded behind him, and he leaped into the air. Suchin smiled slightly. Then, why don't you look down below? Lu Shingley subconsciously looked down and saw countless huge black ghost claws suddenly emerging from the dark elemental demon pool. These ghostly claws were the netherworld shadow claws of the perfect realm. Each as large as a tiger's claw. They were like demons crawling out of hell, all grabbing at Lu Shingli in the air. What? What the hell is this? He tried to dodge the attacks of the ghostly claws, but the dense and thick claws instantly surrounded him, giving him no chance to escape. The ghost claw gripped his body tightly, dragging him violently into the dark elemental pool, preparing to tear his body apart and turn him into a pile of bones. I I surrender. Lucianly struggled desperately in the demon pool and shouted. With a wave of his hand, Sudan caused the dark elemental demon pool to vanish without a trace. He looked at Lucianly with cold eyes, "If you're incompetent, don't assume everyone else is as useless as you." Lucianly lowered his head and swallowed heart. The moment he was dragged into the demon pool, he felt the breath of death, and every second was filled with endless pain and fear. He looked at Su Chun in front of him, wondering who was the real sophomore. He actually killed himself in one move. The once lively audience fell completely silent after Su Chin's series of astonishing moves. After a long while, someone finally broke the silence. No way. I didn't see that wrong, did I? A freshman student actually beat around 200 students. This is too outrageous. And what exactly is that cute little elf? Damn, I was just hesitating. From now on, even if Su Xan wants to fight the heavenly king himself, I will definitely bet on Su Shin to win. Dan Shu, you've kept this from me for so long. Chu Xan Yang said with a look of utter despair. Chu Xining was also astonished. You mean that dark elf? You can't be unaware that Su Chan made a contract with that dark elf. Can you? Chu Xining was also somewhat helpless. She really didn't know that Su Chun had made a contract with this dark elf. But how exactly did he make the contract? And where did he obtain it from? Could Su Chin be a dual ability user? Otherwise, it would be impossible to form a contract with a dark elf. Moreover, where did these dark elves come from? Dark elves are the darlings of the dark element. Their amplification effect on the dark element is beyond imagination. It's a treasure coveted by all dark type ability users. Director Chu, to be honest, I really don't know. Chu X Shanys lips twitched slightly. Well, he had spoken too soon. Putting aside the matter of the dark elves, how did Su Chin achieve the strength of the third tier, fourth level and the perfection of the fifth tier combat skill? A fifth tier combat skill would take several years or even decades. Suchin did it in just 20 days. Mushwear frowned deeply. He had become stronger again. Yesterday he was only at the third level of the third tier and today he's already at the fourth level of the third tier. Is the opponent she is about to face really a person? Furthermore, the biggest surprise was the sudden appearance of the dark elves. She took a deep breath. Even if Su Chun had a dark elf, she absolutely couldn't lose on the arena. Su Chins eyes were icy cold. Next, Chu Xang Yong looked at Jeang by beside him and said in a deep voice, "You go first." Jeang Bai pointed to himself looking shocked. I still have to go. Are you kidding me? He was ranked 985 in his sophomore year while Lu Shingli ranked 109th was defeated by Such Chun in one move. If he went up there, wouldn't he not even last half a move? Chu XY thought about it for a moment and felt that Jeang Bas words made sense. Jeang Bi, admit defeat. Finally, he turned his gaze to Muer and said earnestly, "Mushwear, you are our only hope for the second year." Allowing a firstear student to skip a grade is undoubtedly a huge slap in the face for second-year students. After all, if a freshman can skip a grade by just one year, doesn't that mean the sophomores are incompetent? Even beat a freshman indirectly reflects his incompetence as the dean of students. We all prosper together and we all suffer together. Mushwearer closed her eyes slightly, took a deep breath, and then slowly opened them. Her originally black eyes instantly turned blue and she exuded a powerful chill. With each step she took, the ground beneath her feet quickly froze into a thick layer of frost. "My sister is serious. Go sister!" Jang Lure shouted excitedly from below the stage. "Mushwe and Su Chun is the most eye-catching highlight of this arena challenge. The top freshman and the top sophomore. Who will have the last laugh? I'm so nervous. Who will win between Sus Shan, the freshman, and Mushwear, the sophomore top student? I don't care. I blindly support God Su. It's hard to say. Mushwe is also a prodigy. Moreover, Su Chuan is at the fourth level of the third rank, while Mushwearer is at the seventh level of the third rank. Mooer should have a better chance of winning. Who cares? The aloof and elegant older sister is forever the goddess. I support Mooer. Mushwear stepped onto the arena. With a light step, a powerful burst of cold air erupted, and in the blink of an eye, the entire arena was covered by a thick layer of ice. The ice surface shimmerred with a ghostly blue light and emitted a chilling aura. Such Chan was slightly taken aback when he saw this scene, and a look of confusion appeared on his face. What's going on? Ding. This is a characteristic of Mu Schwen's ice-based ability, absolute zero. It can alter the surrounding environment, spreading ice and chilling everything in its path. Suchin nodded slightly and asked, "Brother Tong, what about my dark type ability?" Since awakening, I still haven't figured out the dark attribute. However, several seconds passed and the system did not respond. Damn it, Suchin couldn't help but curse. Just then, Moo Schweder spoke up. I hope you can give it your all. Suchin chuckled and raised an eyebrow. Then, let's see if you have the ability to push me to that point. If we really go all out and directly summon the Black Lotus of Annihilation, wouldn't that be like using a nuclear bomb to kill a mosquito? Mushwer nodded. Of course, I can. She then looked at the referee beside her, "Can we begin?" The referee stepped forward and announced loudly. The final match of the skip gray challenge, Such Chun versus Mooer, is now beginning. Chapter 93, Phoenix, the powerful Mooer. Soon as the referee's voice fell, a SSgrade ice long sword radiating a ghostly blue light appeared in Mushware as hand, the ice glass sword. Nine slashes of frost. Mushwear launched the first attack, her ice glass sword carrying endless chill as she unleashed six sharp sword beams. Su Chin's eyes sharpened and the killing demon scythe instantly materialized in his hand. The black demon scythe was wrapped in dense dark element. He held the demon scythe horizontally in front of him to block the fierce attack. Clang. A crisp sound rang out as six icy sword energies slammed into the demonic scythe. The powerful impact sending Su Chun flying back several meters. The remaining ice like a persistent festering soar instantly froze into a thick layer of ice on the demonic scythe, completely encasing it. Wo! As expected of absolute zero, Suchin sneered and swung the killing demon scythe. The ice shattered and turned into countless ice shards that flew everywhere. Then try mine. The demonic scythe. The fully mastered netherworld. Nine slashes were activated. Six dark elemental demonic scythe shadows sliced through the air, attacking Mushware with a whistling sound. Mushwear was startled. Her left hand surged with icy power. In a second stage, fully developed ice shield instantly materialized. She was confident that the shield could withstand suin s attack. A massive ice shield as large as a mountain blocked her way, radiating a cold blue light. However, the first two attacks of the six shadow blades slammed into the ice shield and with a crisp crack, the ice shield shattered into countless ice blocks in an instant. Mushweer was terrified and hurriedly held her long sword horizontally in front of her, trying to block the remaining four shadow blades. Clang, clang, clang, clang. A series of crisp sounds rang out and Mushware was knocked back more than 10 meters by the powerful impact. A trace of blood spilling from the corner of her mouth. She steadied herself, her eyes filled with confusion and shock. Both of them possess S-level superpowers, and Such Chun is even three levels below her. So why is his superpower so powerful? Such Chin's ability gave her the feeling that it wasn't an S-class ability, but rather something that surpassed S-class. Such Chan, you are strong, but I absolutely cannot lose. Mooer gritted her teeth, and a chill emanated from her body as her ice amplification was instantly activated. A pair of enormous icy wings sprouted from her back as translucent as ice sculptures, shimmering with a cold light. Gripping a long sword, she swooped down towards Such Chun. You really want to fight me in close combat? Undeterred, Su Chun gripped the demonic side of slaughter and engaged in a fierce battle with Mushware. The clanging of weapons echoed like a stirring melody in the air above the arena. However, after only a few rounds, a crisp sound rang out, and Mushware s ice glass sword was directly cut in half by Su Chin's killing demon scythe. The killing scythe is indestructible and can cut through iron like mud, making it far superior to ordinary weapons. Cutting off enemy soldiers is an easy task. Looking at the killing demon sythe in Su Chins hand, Mushwer remained silent for a moment, a resolute glint flashing in her eyes. Again, she roared, forging a sword with ice, and a new ice sword materialized in her hand. One sword opens the heavens. She stepped back, gripped the frost sword with both hands, and raised it high above her head. The icy sword in her hand grew larger and larger until it blotted out the sky. Seeing this, Su Chun felt a surge of excitement. Is this what pay to- win players are like? Without a doubt, this combat skill is at least level seven or higher. A whale pay to- win player. Of course, the most important thing is that Moo Schwarer froze the arena, preventing him from using the netherworld shadow claw. Otherwise, this battle would have been much easier. Fall. The massive ice slash descended directly towards Such Chun, carrying a world destroying aura that seemed capable of shattering everything. Seeing this, Such Chan dared not be careless, and the shadow shield instantly condensed around him. Then he brandished the killing demon Scythe and unleashed the netherworld nine slashes several times in succession, attempting to block the massive ice slash. However, it was all in vain. Scythe like a mountain crashing down. Using the power of his wings, Such Chan flapped them. violently in an attempt to withstand the powerful impact. Even so, the frost slash forcefully pressed Su Chun down from the air to the ground. With a loud boom, the ground beneath Such Chin's feet shattered, creating a shallow crater. After a long while, the icy slash shattered and disappeared into countless ice crystals. Suchin slowly raised his head, his face showing a hint of dishment, but his eyes were filled with determination. Not bad. These pay to- win combat skills are really powerful. Fortunately, the first major upgrade of the nine netherworld undying body greatly enhanced his physique and the fusion with Tuantoan also improved his physical strength. In addition, the perfect golden bones allowed him to withstand the attack. Seeing Such Chan withstand the attack, a look of seriousness flashed in Mushweter's eyes. Why is Such Chin so tough? Not only is the superpower strong, but it's also incredibly tough. She took a deep breath, pointed her finger to the sky, and shouted, "Ninth tier combat skill." Phoenix fall. She refused to believe that he could withstand that attack. In an instant, snowflakes began to fall on the entire arena, and in the sky, an ice phoenix made of ice slowly emerged and condensed. Suchin's lips twitched upon seeing this. Ninth tier combat skills. Every single ninth tier combat skill is priceless. Holy crap. Mushwer truly lives up to her reputation as the daughter of a top tier power. However, before he could react, absolute zero instantly froze him into a block of ice. Despite the terrain restricting the use of the shadow claw in the dark pool and the three-level difference in cultivation level, Suchin still managed to enable Mushware to use this ninth tier combat skill. He has done a very good job. Down in the audience, Chu Shangyong breathed a sigh of relief. It seemed that Mushwer had the upper hand in this match. However, Such Chuin is also incredibly strong, but he lacks powerful combat skills. If Such Chan were given a few powerful combat techniques, even with a three-level difference in skill level, Mushware would be instantly killed. Chu Xinings eyes showed a hint of seriousness. It seems Such Chan was about to lose. Even if his body could withstand that blow, his bones couldn't. After all, sometimes the body may be incredibly strong, but the bones can easily break and collapse. Unless Such Chun has golden bones, yet no one in this world has yet achieved the golden bones. Such Chun, admit defeat. You can't withstand this attack, Chu XY said. Such Chun merely glanced at him coldly. The word admit defeat doesn't exist in my dictionary. Youll die from this attack, Chu Xang Yong said anxiously. Suchin couldn't be harmed. Thank you for your kind offer, Director Chu. But I absolutely must continue in my second year. Chu Xang Yong was so angry that his face turned red. Fine, you can try to take it then. You'll never amount to anything if you overestimate yourself. Crashed down heavily towards Su Chun with an unparalleled momentum. In an instant, ice shards flew everywhere from the arena, creating a huge crater, and mist filled the air. Mushwearer also exhausted all her strength by using this powerful attack. She collapsed to the ground, slowly raised her head, her eyes filled with anticipation. Did we win? Chapter 94. Eighth Order Dark Element Combat Skill. Such Chin Chung Sai. Could it be that the saying Susan bets on Susan is about to become a thing of the past? What can we do? Mushweer directly unleashed a ninth tier combat skill. Who can withstand that? As expected, pay to- win players are powerful. If Such Chan were given a ninth tier combat skill, it goes without saying that he could instantly kill Moowear. Just as everyone was discussing and feeling down, suddenly dazzling golden light emanated from the thick mist. The mist slowly receded and the dazzling golden light gradually faded away. Everyone looked closely and saw Su Chun standing there quietly. His body had several shocking wounds covered with a layer of ice. But even so, golden light still occasionally emanated from him. When Mushwitter saw this scene, a hint of sadness flashed in her eyes, as if the stars had suddenly lost their light. She was filled with resentment. Had she still failed to win? Why was it that even with this all-out attack, she couldn't defeat Such Chin in front of her? Suchin stepped forward and placed the killing side against Mooer as neck. You've lost. Mushwer smiled with relief. A smile that carried a hint of liberation and a touch of regret. I lost. As soon as she finished speaking, she collapsed to the ground, her vision going black due to overexertion. Seeing this, Suchin secretly breathed a sigh of relief from the incredibly powerful ice phoenix meteor and could only grit his teeth and bear it. At the critical moment, Towanchuan unexpectedly mastered a new skill, dark knight armor. This armor can be formed from dark elements and attached to other people to form armor. Simply put, it's like transforming into a superhero with a single click. Of course, the most crucial thing is his golden bones. If the bones are not strong enough, they will shatter under the powerful impact of a ninth tier combat skill and the person will suffer serious injuries. He possessed golden bones and with the physical enhancement brought by the possession of Tuantoan as well as the nine netherworld undying body and the protection of the shadow armor and shadow shield, he was able to successfully withstand Mushwear as terrifying attack. All I can say is that ninth tier combat skills are truly terrifying. Chu X Shangyong stood aside stunned for a long time, his eyes filled with shock and confusion. Isn't Suchin a dark type ability user? How could someone withstand a ninth tier combat skill with their bare body? If you didn't know better, you'd think he possessed a physical S-class superpower, and what exactly is that faint golden light that appears and disappears on his body? Could this be the legendary golden bone? Finally, Chu Xyong side. It seems that from now on, the sky of the second year will be dominated and suppressed by Su Chun alone. Seeing this, Chu Xining breathed a sigh of relief. But she was still full of doubts, not understanding why Su Chun was able to withstand the attack without being seriously injured. The faint golden light emanating from Such Chin's wounds. Could it be golden bone? But isn't it rumored that within 300 years, it would be impossible for people born and raised in the Dragon Kingdom to have golden bones? Decades ago, a powerful figure went to Mount Coun to cast a divination and predicted that no one in the Dragon Kingdom would be able to possess the golden bone in the next 300 years. And the divination results from Mount Kunon have never been wrong to this day. Could it be that Such Chun has broken this prophecy? Thinking about it, she gently shook her head. Perhaps in a few days during the inter school secret realm competition, the students strength would be tested together. Then we'll know whether he truly possesses the golden bone. On the stage, the referee jumped up and loudly announced, "Such Chun wins this skip grade challenge and successfully skips to the second year of university." The announcement of this result caused an instant uproar in the audience with everyone rising to their feet to cheer. Suchin did it. He made history once again, successfully skipping a grade. He became the first person in the history of Kyoto Ability Academy and even the entire Dragon Kingdom to successfully skip a grade. Jang Lure rushed onto the stage in a flurry of activity, anxiously shouting, "Quickly carry my sister down for treatment." The medical staff below the stage then realized what was happening and hurriedly carried Mushwer off the stage. Jang Lu turned to Such Chun, her face full of admiration, and said, "Brother, you're amazing. You withtood a ninth level combat skill with your bare body. That's incredible. I have to say, Such Chin Sparrow eating is awesome. If you didn't know better, you'd think he was about to achieve physical immortality. Don't try to get close to me. Who's your brother-in-law? Such Chun said irritably. It's you, brother-in-law. Do you know why my sister can't lose? What does losing to someone else mean you have to marry him? Jang Luer first shook his head, then nodded and said, "You guessed half right. If you lose to someone younger than her and whose cultivation level is lower than hers, you can propose marriage and you'll be 100% successful. He didn't believe that Such Chan could resist being attracted to such a beautiful woman as his sister. If the marriage proposal is successful, Such Chan will marry a beautiful woman and have the backing of the Moo family, a top power in Kyoto. 66. What kind of  rule is this? That's not right. Isn't my sister beautiful? Jang Lure asked anxiously. Beautiful? Isn't your background strong? Powerful? Is your figure not good? Jang Lure persisted. Have no idea. Jang Lu became anxious. You can tell just by looking if I didn't take them all off. How would I know if I didn't touch them? Suchin said bluntly. Upon hearing this, Jang Lu was speechless. He opened his mouth but didn't know what to say. He wanted to argue a few more times, but then he saw Su Chun turn around and leave the arena. Below the arena, Su Chun looked at Chu Xang Yong and said with a half smile, "Director Chu, it seems I've disappointed you. I still won." Chu Xang Yong quickly shook his head, his face beaming with smiles, "Huh? I'm overjoyed. I was blind. So blind. I was blind." "Such Chun, don't mind me. I only told you to admit defeat because I was afraid you'd get hurt." At that moment, he was overjoyed. Now that Su Chun has entered his second year, perhaps their year will truly have the potential to contend with that SS level firet type superpowered student from Shanghai. He was overjoyed. How could he possibly be disappointed? What does shared glory or shared loss even mean? He'd rather lose face than lose Such Chun. Such Chan was speechless at Chu Xanys sudden change in attitude. This guy really changes his tune quickly. Director Chu, I feel my Dao heart is somewhat shattered. I saw those ninth tier combat skills, but unfortunately I don't have them. I'm envious. I want to go back to my freshman year. Such Chan deliberately said that he was determined to make this director bleed some money today. Chu Xang Yangs eyes darted around. Oh, Such Chan, I just happen to have an extra sixth tier dark elemental combat skill. Director Chu, let's forget about it. Our Dean Shu Xianing is going to reward me with a combat skill of level seven or higher. I'd better go back to my freshman year. Su Chun, you can'tt go back. You wait here. I'll go back and get you a dark elemental cultivation technique. I guarantee you'll be satisfied. Chu X Shyong said and then ran away. Su Chun is now a sophomore and he is the hope of winning the sophomore league. He didn't want to be suppressed by the secondear students of Shanghai University for another 3 years. Even if Su Chan was a big shot, he would still treat him well. They treat Su Chan like their father. Having achieved his goal, Such Chin looked at Chu Xining and coughed lightly twice. Dean Shu, you promised me. Chu Xeening shook her head and chuckled, saying, "Of course, I'll keep my promise." She took out an eighth tier dark elemental combat technique manual and handed it to Su Chan. Take a look at this dark elemental combat technique manual. Do you like it? Chapter 95. Eighth Order Nightmare Weaving Technique for a thousand armies. Su Chin's eyes lit up and he hurly reached out to take the combat technique book. Almost at the same instant, a crisp system notification sounded in his mind. Ding. Eighth tier combat skill detected. Shadow: 8,000 armies. Learn study. In an instant, the combat skills book in his hand turned into a streak of light and disappeared. Immediately afterwards, detailed information about Shadow, thousands of troops flooded into his mind like a tidal wave. Shadow 8,000 armies condenses dark elements to form a vast army. Before mastering the basics, one can summon generals of the same level to lead this army. As proficiency increases, the strength of the summoned army grows. Upon reaching the true intent realm, a tremendous change will occur, resulting in a truly massive army. The combat skill in front of him, Such Chin's breathing became rapid involuntarily. H an eighth tier combat skill. Moreover, what excites him most is that reaching the true realm will allow him to truly command thousands of troops. In the blink of an eye, one can command thousands of troops. "Do you like it?" Chu Xining asked softly. Suchin slowly raised his eyes, his eyes filled with gratitude. "I like it so much, teacher Chu. The potential for developing shadow-based summoning techniques is limitless. I'm glad you like it. This is a reward you earned through your own hard work and strong abilities." Chu Xining smiled with satisfaction. Since arriving at the Kyoto Ability Academy, Su Chun has been like a dazzling shooting star, breaking numerous unprecedented records one after another. His astonishing achievements are truly admirable. She went to great lengths to recruit Sue Chin back then, and now it seems that was incredibly wise of her. The great skipping challenge is over. Just then, Jackie Chun rushed over. Looking at the scene of countless students cheering and jumping for joy, he knew without a doubt that Su Chun had successfully skipped a grade in the challenge. For a moment, he felt a mix of emotions. He was genuinely happy for Such Chen's strength and unlimited potential. Such Chin strength was enough to dominate among the sophomores. They also felt sad and regretful for the freshmen. Once Such Chan went to the sophomore year, the champion of their 100 school league would become unpredictable. Originally, Such Chan could have stayed in his freshman year, and the championship of the 100 schools league could have been awarded directly to him. Director Jeang, "You're a step too late." Jeang Shus face showed a tearful expression as he pleaded, "Such Shan, could you please wait until after the 100 schools league ends before transferring your student status to the second year?" "To be honest, director, I really don't want you to leave." "No." Before Su Chin could answer, Chu Xang Yong rushed back from behind and said loudly and resolutely, "Jackie Chong whirled around, glaring at Chu XY," "Chu Shan Yong, this isn't something you can decide. I remember you didn't believe Su Chan could skip a grade at all at first. I was blind back then. Now I understand. From now on, if anyone dares to say that Su Chun is no good, I'll be the first to fight them. Your change of heart is quick indeed. If you don't show some sincerity, I won't let Su Chun go easily. There was nothing that could be done. Such Chun had already skipped a grade and was going to be a sophomore. No matter how reluctant he was, he couldn't change that fact. But no matter what, Chu Xang Yong has to bleed a little, who said, "I wasn't sincere." Chu Xang Yong hurly walked to Such Chen's side. Take a look at the spell book. Do you like it? Su Chun took the spell manual, and with a thought, his detection skill was activated instantly. Nightmare weaving technique. This technique is divided into six realms. First realm, touching the dream. You need to physically touch the target in order to enter their dream. Second realm, dream mind. Without physical contact, one can freely enter another's dream world simply by locking onto it with their thoughts. Three realms, dream weaving, allows you to freely create dream content and trap your target in an elucory world. The fourth realm, dream devourer. It can weave demonic phantoms into the mind of the dreamer, destroying their mental will with terrifying illusions and causing them to completely collapse. Fifth realm, dream stealing. By using the power of dream connections, one can steal fragments of memories from the depths of the targets consciousness and peak into their hidden past. Extreme realm dream slayer. Using the body and soul as a guide, one personally enters the dreamer's dream, taking their life unseen, killing while they sleep, leaving no trace, Suchin stared at the description of the spell, a hint of shock flashing in his eyes. Killing someone in a dream without form or color. This magic is just too overpowered. Ding. Host. Would you like to learn? Study. In an instant, all the information about the nightmare weaving technique flooded into his mind like a torrent. Teacher Chu, this spell looks really powerful, but I hope there aren't any hidden traps. Such Chun asked with a hint of doubt. Chu Xang Yong scratched his head awkwardly and coughed twice. Ahem. To be honest, this technique is indeed very powerful, but each advancement is extremely difficult. Among the people we know who have practiced this technique, the highest level they have reached is the second level, the dream realm, which took them several decades to cultivate. The first two levels of this technique are fairly average, but the later levels are increasingly powerful. However, no one has been able to cultivate to the third realm or above so far. Suchin didn't care at all. So, what if cultivation was as difficult as ascending to heaven? One-click skill point allocation is a mustave. Chu Xangyang, what are you up to? This technique is one of the most difficult to cultivate in the Dragon Kingdom. Aren't you just setting Suchin up? Jang Shiuo frowned and loudly accused. How can you call this a trap? Such Chan is exceptionally talented. Who knows, he might be able to directly advance to the sixth realm. A dream determines life and death one day. Although Chu Shang Yang said that he was actually a little uneasy inside, let alone the sixth realm, being able to cultivate to the third realm is already an astonishing achievement. You're clearly trying to get something for nothing. You need to show some more sincerity. Jackie Chunk resisted, adding fuel to the fire. All right, how about this? The remaining half of the money for Su Chins eighth tier combat skill, which was originally paid by Su Chun, will now be paid by Director Chu. What do you think? Chu Xiining said. Chu Xangyangs heart skipped a beat. Half the price of an eighth tier combat skill would be at least hundreds of millions. But he also understood that you can't catch a wolf without risking your cub. After all, he hadn't trusted Suchin before. Fine, I'll pet. Chu X Shang Yang gritted his teeth, stealed his resolve, paused for a few seconds, and then continued, "But I have one condition." Everyone looked puzzled, and asked in unison, "What are the requirements? Have Su Chun complete the procedures for skipping a grade and changing his grade level right now?" "No problem, Director Chu. You may feel the pinch now, but you'll definitely make a fortune in the future." Chu Xining spoke with a smile. Chu Xangyong really went all out this time. A priceless spell plus half the price of an eighth tier combat skill. That's quite a price to pay. Chu Xangyang felt a pang of heartache and said with a rice smile, "Whether I make money or not doesn't matter. I just don't want to be overshadowed by the secondear director of Shanghai University for three consecutive years." "The Magic City and Kyoto Ability Academy have always been bitter rivals, and the champion of the 100 schools league is the key to their competition. Last year, his freshman class lost the competition. This year he has moved up to the sophomore level, but he has heard that the S level firet type student in Shanghai has been promoted to SS level. He will probably lose again this year. If all three grades at Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy lost, that would be one thing. But the crucial point is that only the grade he led lost. Not only would he be ridiculed by the people of Shanghai, but among all the grade heads at Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy, he would also become the one who lost the most face. He has his pride, too. He can't let the other party keep dominating him for 3 years, can he? Director Chu, rest assured, since you were so sincere, I will definitely make you stand out in front of them this year. The opponent has an SS level fire type ability. It's not like Such Chin can't have one. Tomorrow's journey through the wilderness will be the time to advance to SS level superpower. Chapter 96. Lie Chings two choices for keeping the appointment. Good lad, I've been waiting for you to say that. I'll compile the list right now. He quickly compiled the list of 30 participants for the secret realm competition between the two schools. Then he called out, "Chinian Ming, Shinming." A moment later, Shinming rushed over. Shu Xang Yong handed him the list and said, "Chin Ming, this is the list of participants for this year's Secret Realm competition." Shin Ming was stunned for a while before reaching out to take the list, his eyes full of surprise. Brother Such Sean, I didn't expect we would actually be in the same cohort. Given Su Chin's rocket-like growth rate, wouldn't he be able to turn the world upside down and suppress the sophomores? But as soon as he thought about it, he shook his head and realized something was wrong. They have an SS level firet type superpowered expert at Shanghai University. So unless Suchin superpower can also reach SS level, he might not be able to truly suppress those geniuses at Shanghai University. But how could such a thing be possible? Could it be that Such Chin superpower would suddenly break through to SS level? That's simply a fantasy. Isn't one session good? It just means more competitors, Suchin said calmly. Upon hearing this, Chinming was speechless. This wasn't just having another opponent. It was clearly having an all powerful overlord. Oh, brother Such Chun, let's talk again next time. Shinming forced a smile, then looked at Chu Shangyong. Director Chu, I'll take the list back first. Please make sure the secondyear students from the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy arrive at our Shanghai Supernatural Abilities Academy on time in 6 days. Yes, we'll be there on time. Chu X Shangyong nodded slightly. The weak obey the rules of the strong. Whoever won last year will decide which secret realm this year. That is why the Kyoto Ability Academy is going to the Shanghai Ability Academy. Xian Ming exchanged a few more polite words before turning and leaving the Kyoto Ability Academy. Such Chun, are you confident about this secret realm competition? Chu Xang Yong narrowed his eyes slightly. A tiny bit, maybe? Really, just a little bit? Chu Xang Yongs eyes were full of doubt. This was not in line with Su Chins usual doineering style. Just a tiny bit. Seeing that he said that, Chu Xang Yang didn't ask any more questions. After thinking about it carefully, it made sense. After all, the Shanghai Superpower Academy had an SS level superpower prodigy. Just do your best. I have other things to do. You can talk to Dan Chu. Chu Xang Yong waved his hand and turned to leave. Suchin looked at Chu Xining, a hint of inquiry in his eyes. If I'm not mistaken, Professor Chu, you are the head of the dark arts department in your second year. Chu Xining nodded gently, revealing a faint smile. You guessed right, aren't you surprised? Moreover, in this inter school competition, director Chu and I will be leading the team. Suchin remained calm, his eyes showing no emotion. It's not exactly a surprise. I feel pretty good. It saves me from having to meet new people. When meeting new people, who knows if they are good or bad. As it stands, Chu Xining is a qualified dean of the department. It's good that you still remember my kindness. Go back now. See you in 6 days. Chu Xin Ning smiled gently and waved. After exchanging a few more words, the two turned and left the arena. Today, the news that Such Chun had successfully skipped a grade and defeated Mushwear has once again swept across the entire Kyoto Superpower Academy forum like a storm. God is still God. As night falls and the city lights come on, the entire city is enveloped in dazzling lights. The Pinnacle Hotel looked exceptionally luxurious in the night, its golden signboard gleaming under the lights. Young brother Such Chun, what brings you to my hotel to relax today? Would you like me to arrange a few young and beautiful women for you? Leuguay's face was full of smiles. That's not necessary. I'm here to keep an appointment. Leuguay looked puzzled, a hint of doubt on his face. Going to the appointment. Well, also, Mr. Lee, I'm afraid I can't help with the matter of top tier bloodline demon beasts. They've already destroyed the beast taming alliance, so how could they possibly find them top tier bloodline beasts? That's all right, brother Such Chun. Please feel free to do as you please. Le Fuguay naturally knew about the chaos Su Chun had caused within the Beast Taming Alliance and that the Kyoto Beast Taming Alliance had now split up. "Okay, Mr. Lee, I'll go upstairs first." "All right, I won't bother brother Suchin any longer," Lefuguay said with a smile. Suchin nodded, walked into the Peak Hotel, took the elevator, and soon arrived at the 10th floor. He walked slowly down the corridor to the balcony where he saw that Lie Chingqing was the only person there. She wore a purple bodycon dress. her figure graceful and stood by the railing holding a glass of red wine. Under the soft light, she exuded a mature and charming aura. You've arrived. Hearing footsteps, Li Chingqing slowly turned around, gently swirling her wine glass, a faint smile on her face. You're here, so just say what you need to say. What's the rush? I'm not a monster. Lie Chingqing gently scolded, picked up the wine glass next to her, and stepped forward. Here, have a taste. Such Chin took the wine glass, took a small sip, and said, "Is that enough?" A hint of boredom flashed in Li Chingqings eyes, and a trace of resentment appeared in her gaze. "What? Don't you have any feelings for me at all?" She felt a little disappointed. Everyone says that men are lustful, and it's only natural for them to take a second look at a beautiful woman. Why doesn't this approach work with Such Chan? Such Chan shook his head. We've only met three times. How could it be interesting? Of course, most importantly, Such Chan is now single-mindedly thinking about advancing to SS level superpower tomorrow. Women, they're utterly insignificant compared to the power of advanced abilities. That makes sense, handsome sis, let's get down to business. What's wrong with you? Li Chingqings eyes dimmed slightly, revealing a hint of sadness. If I told you I wanted to marry a 100-year-old man, would you believe me? Suchin froze for a few seconds, his face full of surprise. What? Marry a centinarian. H this is a bit complicated. Here's what I'll give you. First, spend the night with me. Second, accompany me back to the Lee family in two weeks to help me get out of this predicament. As payment at the once in a decade auction after the 100 schools league ends, I can bid on anything you want. Upon hearing this, Suchin fell into deep thought. Option one was a sure thing. Spending a night with a stunning beauty is a win-win situation, no matter how you look at it. As for option two, accompanying Lie Chingqing back to the Lee family is not a difficult task and the reward is any item from the once every 10 years auction. That's quite a temptation. Second place, Lie Chingqing breathed a sigh of relief, a smile appearing on her face, but a hint of disappointment flashed in her eyes. They breathed a sigh of relief because Su Chin chose option two. But they were disappointed because Such Chin actually refused the beautiful woman's invitation without hesitation. She snapped out of her thoughts, a bright smile returning to her face. Great, maybe you'll get both love and money then. Chapter 97. Everything depends on fate. The blood bull's ambush. Well, let's leave it to fate, Su Chun said casually. In matters of romantic relationships, everything should be left to nature. Lie Chingqing gently picked up her wine glass, a slight smile playing on her lips. What a wonderful twist of fate. Shall we have a toast? Thump. The crisp sound of wine glasses clinking rang out. The two tilted their heads back and drank it all in one gulp. The liquor slid down their throats, bringing a slight burning sensation. A faint blush rose on Li Chingqings fair cheeks. Thank you for helping me. It's nothing. I don't want you to marry a cinarian either. The thought of that scene made him feel uneasy, but the most important thing is mutual benefit. As for why Leqing would marry a cinarian, he guessed she must have some unspeakable reason. Perhaps when he visited the Leaf family in half a month, all the mysteries would be solved. Tch, I thought you wouldn't show any mercy to women. Lie Chingqing gently pursed her lips, her tone carrying a hint of reproach. Such Chan s previous behavior made him look exactly like a clueless, unromantic straight man. Anyone can be tender and gentle, but I haven't reached the point where I'm willing to treat you like that. Anyone can utter sweet words, but to fall in love with every woman you meet is promiscuity. Is it my fault, handsome? Then I'll try my best to make you cherish me and fall in love with me. Li Chingqing blinked her big, watery eyes. Seeing this, Such Chun unconsciously swallowed. It must be admitted that Li Chingqings every move exudes a fatal attraction. Is there anything else? Such Chun turned his face away. That's all. Would a handsome young man really leave me all alone here? Li Chingqing tilted her head slightly with Such Chin's obvious swallowing reaction just now. This shows that he's interested. You're really willing to part with it since you can't touch it or even budge it. Such Chin teased deliberately. Li Chingqins lips curled into a seductive smile. She stepped forward and gently took Su Chens hand. Would you like to touch my heart? Suchin was slightly taken aback. Did this mean touching the heart? Okay, since she took the initiative to provoke us, let's play along. He reached out, ready to touch her heart. Seeing this, a hint of panic flashed across Li Chingqings face, and she quickly raised her hand to block his hand. No. Such Chan smiled slightly. Tsk tsk. She seems so charming on the surface, but inside she's still a shy little girl. A deeper blush spread across Lie Chingqings face as she whispered, "It's not time yet, TCH. All right, I should head back now." Suchin gently pulled his hand away, stretched, and walked towards his room, preparing to go back to sleep. Li Chingqing pursed her red lips and looked up. I hope you can help me get out of this predicament. Shanghai Academy? What? Suchin skipped a grade. A hint of surprise flashed in Yong Taos eyes. The secondyear director of the Shanghai Superpower Academy. Shien Ming nodded quickly, his expression serious. Yes, director. And he also participated in this inter school secret realm competition. Yong Tao turned his gaze to the boy who was meditating with his eyes closed and asked in a deep voice, "Shinyong, how are you feeling?" Shinyong slowly opened his eyes, "-class abilities are nothing to fear. My SS-class firetype ability will speak for me. There is a huge difference in power between S-class and SS-class elemental abilities. Not to mention that SS-class elemental abilities have an additional unique characteristic. In his opinion, Such Chin's S-level ability was not worth mentioning at all." Haha, as expected of a student from Shanghai. Yong Tao laughed with satisfaction, his face full of pride. He didn't pay too much attention to Su Chin skipping grades and participating in the competition. No matter how strong Such Chin is, it doesn't change the fact that he has S-level superpowers. In this secret realm battle, Shanghai Academy will once again emerge victorious. And the same will be true for the upcoming 100 schools league. Even if Su Chin surpasses Shanyong in cultivation level in the future, that's a matter for the future. Teacher, which secret realm should we choose this time, Shinming asked curiously. Yong Tao took out a detailed map showing the distribution of the secret realms and handed it to Shunyang, saying, "Take a look." Shinyong took the map and carefully scanned it. Finally, his finger stopped on a dark elemental secret realm where the highest level of demonic beasts was the fourth rank, first level. This place is perfect. I'll give that so-called peerless genius a taste of his own medicine. Rumor has it that there is a dark treasure tree in this dark realm, and he wants to steal it from Su Chun in front of him so that Such Chun will understand that no matter how powerful he is, the gap in superpower level is insurmountable. Yong Tao looked at Shinyangs clearly targeted choice and did not object. After all, the Kyoto Ability Academy lost the competition last year, and the choice of the secret realm was in their hands. All right, then you can focus on your cultivation. Leave the rest to us. Yong Tao patted Shinyang on the shoulder. Shinyong nodded, closed his eyes, and began to circulate his cultivation technique, starting his all-out attempt to break through to the ninth level of the third tier. The next day, Blood Bull Demon Cave, third level, kill and obtain, kill and obtain, kill and obtain. A series of kill points notifications sounds rang in Su Chin's mind like a beautiful melody, making him feel happy. This time, he had meticulously prepared 5 days worth of recovery potions and other supplies. All for the purpose of wreaking havoc and slaughtering everyone in this demonic cave. While he was frantically hunting blood bulls, a group of blood bulls on the upper level were gathered together, their faces full of confusion. It's been several days already. Why haven't we seen Su Chun yet? The leading elite level bloodbull Lu Tion frowned, his eyes full of confusion. Ever since Su Chun appeared on their Bloodbull clan s kill list, it has led dozens of its members from the third level to the second level where they wait day and night to hunt down Such Chun and claim the generous rewards. Those on the kill list are not to be trifled with. In the past, almost none of the people on the list have ever appeared in their demonic lair. Of course, Such Chun was an exception. Moreover, hunting Such Chan would yield a large amount of resources which would surely tempt them. Several days passed, but Such Chin still did not appear. Boss, something terrible has happened. Such Chan has gone to the third floor. A bloodthirsty bull rushed over in a panic, shouting loudly. Lution was slightly takenback. He's already gone to the third floor. It had always deduced that Su Chin's strength was only sufficient to hunt him down on the second level, which was why it had been waiting there. Now, it was being told that Such Chun had gone to the third floor, which it found hard to believe. Could it be that Su Chin's strength has already reached the third tier in such a short time? Yes, boss. Our clansmen on the third level were slaughtered. Their cries of agony echoing across the land. What level is he at? According to my people, it's the third tier, fourth level, the Blood Bull replied. Lion was shocked. He hadn't expected Su Chan to grow so fast. He had thought Such Chan was only at the second level, but he had already reached the fourth level of the third level. "Boss, shall we go and notify the experts above the fifth rank to kill Such Chun?" A Blood Bowl suggested. Luon shook his head. "No, if we inform them, we won't get any of the kill list rewards. What should we do, boss? We can't just let him keep hunting, can we?" Luon frowned slightly, pondered for a moment, and said, "I'll go find my elder brother. With me at the third tier, ninth level, plus my dozens of legions behind me will be enough to kill Su Chun." In its view, no matter how strong a third tier, fourth level being is, it is impossible to kill someone who is above the fifth level. Moreover, they also have a group of third tier clansmen who should be more than capable of dealing with such shun. Chapter 98 SS rank, Eternal Knight King. Eternal Knight descends in an instant. Boss, that's brilliant. This way, we can not only get the kill leaderboard rewards, but also kill Such Chun. It's truly killing two birds with one stone. On Lu's face, his eyes gleaming with greed. Go and keep a close watch on him. I'll go and inform my elder brother to gather some of the clan's best fighters. We're going to meet Such Chun and take his life. Yes, brother. 5 days later. Die. As the Blood Bowl crashed to the ground, Such Chun looked at the astonishing number of kills on the system panel and an overwhelming surge of excitement welled up inside him. 182,000 kill points. A whopping 180,000 kill points. What he had been longing for day and night was this day to squander all these killing points in one fell swoop. Suchin took a deep breath. System: Upgrade my Srank ability to SS rank. After consuming 100,000 kill points, the S-rank ability user shadow monarch is being promoted to SS rank. As soon as the system notification sound ended, the blood red sky that had been filled with the stench of blood in the demon cave was swallowed by the endless night, and a full moon miraculously appeared. The dense darkness was like a lurking beast, opening its blood red m and enveloping everything within it. The throne, a symbol of darkness and power, slowly reappeared in the darkness once more. Not only was the demon cave shrouded in this eerie darkness, but even in Kyoto, the blazing sun that had been high in the sky vanished without a trace in an instant, and the entire city was enveloped in the sudden darkness. What happened? Why is it so dark? Is it a solar eclipse? Yay, it's dark now, so I don't have to go to school. I can go home and play majong. Could this be yet another strange phenomenon? Why are there so many strange phenomena this year? The entire city of Kyoto was instantly plunged into chaos and confusion. People looked at each other, their eyes filled with fear and bewilderment. The sudden darkness, like a huge mystery, made everyone uneasy. Inside the military camp, Hugh Xan looked at the sky that had suddenly turned black. His eyes sharpened. And he already had a guess in his mind. In this world, there is only one possibility that could cause such a phenomenon. It is an unusual phenomenon. Jean Xiong, what do you think is going on? Commander and Chief Zu E of the War Zone asked in a deep voice. It should be an anomaly. Zu Ei nodded slightly. Then, who do you think caused this strange phenomenon? Huh? Shan was also somewhat baffled. It's unclear at the moment. There's no specific direction. Zu E gazed into the distance. The source of this strange phenomenon lies within the demonic cave beneath our feet. Shall we go and take a look? Yes, that's exactly what I was thinking. Bloodbull demon cave 10th floor. Why is the sky so dark? Blood bull king Tu Kuang frowned. As the strongest being in the demon cave, this sudden darkness was no accident. An ominous premonition welled up in his heart. An intuition told him that some human beings had caused strange phenomena in his territory. Men, come with me to the upper demon cave and see who dares to cause trouble on my territory. If the newcomer is weak, he will crush him on the spot. If he encounters a strong opponent, he can only choose to give up temporarily and wait for the right opportunity to make further plans. This strange phenomenon, like a raging storm, lasted for several minutes before gradually subsiding. As darkness faded, the long-awaited sun finally rose again from the horizon, casting its warm rays. At the same time, a system notification sounded. Ding. Congratulations to the host for advancing from Srank Shadow Monarch to SS rank eternal night monarch. SS rank eternal night king. With a single thought, Eternal Knight descends. Characteristic erosion. Dark elements can slowly erode the opponent's wounds and damage their defense. Characteristic Eternal Knight. With a single thought, Eternal Knight descends. In the state of eternal night, summon creatures are amplified by 100% and their speed is increased by 100%. The range and duration of eternal night expand as the player's cultivation level increases. The suchin looked at the detailed introduction of the SS level superpower, Eternal Knight monarch. His eyes gleaming with excitement. The characteristics of this SS level ability are perfect for him. Firstly, it can greatly amplify the thousands of troops he summons, multiplying their combat power. Secondly, it perfectly complements Tuanto's amplification skill, moonlight power. The power of moonlight must be obtained at night by drawing on the power of the moon to continuously obtain energy. Now, with the eternal night king's special ability, he can activate the eternal night with just a thought, perfectly making up for the gap in the power of moonlight during the day. Cool. Of course, the power of dark type abilities that have been promoted to SS level has also undergone a qualitative leap. Then, Such Chan turned his gaze to trait one, a hint of doubt rising in his mind. System, did trait one exist before? Ding. Yes, Host, because you were either instantly killing people or on your way to instantly killing people before, it didn't show up. But don't worry, Host. The erosion ability has been greatly enhanced this time. Such Chan was both amused and exasperated by the systems reply. So, he's blaming himself for killing people too quickly. However, something is better than nothing. When we encounter tough enemies in the future, we can test the power of this characteristic. After upgrading his ability, Such Chan turned his attention to the remaining 8000 plus kill points. In this dog eat dog world, one's moral character is always the most important thing. System advanced two realms first. consumed 40,000 kill points. Cultivation level increased to tier three, level six. Instantly, the dark elements within a radius of several kilometers began to stir wildly, converged on Su Chun like surging waves, infusing him with powerful energy. Such Chun smiled with satisfaction, his heart filled with a sense of accomplishment. He then asked, "System, how much is needed to upgrade a thousand troops to the minor mastery level? Requires 40,000 kill points." Upon hearing this number, Suchin couldn't help but gasp. It actually requires 40,000 killing points to reach the lesser completion stage, but he gritted his teeth. You can't catch a wolf without risking your cub. The eighth tier combat skill must have a huge effect. These killing points are worth it. Promote me. Consuming 40,000 kill points. The army has reached the lesser mastery level. As the system notifications sounded, detailed information about the massive army flooded into Su Chin's mind like a tidal wave. Originally, only one commander of the same level could be summoned, but now two commanders of the same level can be summoned, each leading an army of several thousand. Excellent. Excellent. I can't even imagine how powerful it would be when thousands of troops reach the true intent realm. Looking at the remaining 1,000 kill points, Suchin couldn't help but sigh helplessly. I just had a few satisfying moments. And now my kill points are almost gone again. If only those blood bowls could obediently gather in groups and willingly offer themselves up for me to kill. Unfortunately, there's no such thing as a free lunch in this world. Just as Such Chan was sighing, the ground suddenly began to shake violently. He was startled and looked up to see a dark mass of figures in the distance. A herd of blood bulls charging toward him. Such Chan took a closer look and saw that the leading blood bowl was quite powerful. actually at the third level, ninth stage, in Such Chen's eyes, and he couldn't help but exclaim, "Holy crap, there really is such a thing as a windfall." Looking at those at least a hundred blood bulls. If all of them were killed, I could get at least tens of thousands of kill points. Thanks, Bloodbull, for the kill points. Chapter 99. The mighty mass slaughterer with thousands of troops descends. Fellow tribesmen, kill him. Lu Kuang led over a 100 blood bulls, charging towards Su Chun like a black torrent. Hey, slow down. Don't fall. My kill points. Suchin was somewhat worried. If you fall and die while running too fast, you'll lose several hundred kill points. Of blood, Red Bulls surged forward like a tidal wave before finally coming to a slow stop amidst a cacophony of hoof beatats. Such Chun, well give you two choices. Obediently come back with us to collect your reward or be executed on the spot. Luan pointed his silver ax directly at Su Chun, his eyes full of threat. Then I choose option three. I'll send you all flying. Lu tion sneered. A mere third tier, fourth level lackey. Where do you get such a big mouth? As he spoke, he pointed to Luao, who was a head taller than him. See my older brother, third tier, ninth level. Luo took a small step forward, head held high and chest puffed out. A powerful aura emanating from him as if demonstrating his strength to Such Chan. Who told you I'm a third tier, fourth level cultivator? His aura suddenly erupted and the powerful aura of the sixth level of the third rank swept over us. Luon froze for a few seconds, then suddenly grabbed his henchmen beside him. You gave me false intelligence. You're trying to scam me. The underling was terrified when he secretly observed Su Chun yesterday. Su Chun was only at the third level, fourth stage. How could he have suddenly soared to the third level, sixth stage? Boss, I don't know either, but don't panic. We have a third tier, ninth level cultivator and over a 100 third tier clansmen. The advantage is on our side. Lu Tion's eyes flashed with a glint of light. He looked at Such Chan and said arrogantly, "So what if you're at the third rank, sixth level? I have hundreds of clansmen behind me. This time it's 100 against one of you. The advantage is in my hands." It refused to believe that a 100 third tier experts plus a third tier ninth level clansman who was three levels higher than Such Chan could not defeat Suchin alone. Suchin raised his eyes, his gaze I see. Is that so? Eternal night open. In an instant, a huge full moon suddenly appeared in the sky within a kilometer radius. And the originally bright daylight was instantly shrouded in darkness. The black knight sky like a giant curtain slowly descends and eternal night descends. Seeing this, Luon became even more excited. It really was you who did this. Clan members, kill Such Chun and we'll reward you accordingly. At his command, a massive horde of blood bulls like wild horses unleashed charged madly towards Such Chun. Suchin simply smiled faintly. Shadow, a thousand armies. On the ground around them, countless dark elements surged wildly, rolling like black magma. In the blink of an eye, the dark elements began to rapidly condense, gradually forming shadow soldiers clad in shadow armor. These soldiers varied in appearance and level, but the lowest level was at least the third rank, first level. In addition, there were two generals riding shadow war horses and wielding long spears. Like Such Chun, they were both at the third tier, sixth level. The whole scene was spectacular and awe inspiring as the two generals pointed their spears. Thousands of shadow soldiers surged like a black tide toward the hundred blood bulls. What is this? What is this thing? Many blood bulls were filled with fear upon seeing this. And before they could react, they were instantly killed by the shadow soldiers. Their blood splattering everywhere. It is important to know that these shadow soldiers are amplified many times over under the cover of eternal night, greatly increasing their strength. In addition, they possess the first erosion characteristic of superpowers, making it easy for them to defeat opponents of the same level in a one-on-one fight. Of course, most importantly, Such Chun can still gain kill points for every blood bowl these shadow soldiers kill. A help, don't cut my kidneys. Mom. Mom. Mom, I want to go home. The once invincible bloodb was instantly routed under the fierce attack of thousands of shadow soldiers, fleeing in all directions with screams echoing everywhere. Luo roared at Lution. Lution, is this the Suchin you told me was easy to bully? Lution was dumbfounded. He never expected that Su Chan could summon such a powerful shadow soldier. Big brother, run. With that, Luon and Lu Ao turned around and desperately fled in the opposite direction. Do you think you can escape? Suchin sneered and instantly activated the netherworld shadow claw at the perfect realm. Then a dark elemental demon pool formed in that area. The black water churning and surging and countless shadow claws emerged from the pool, reaching out to grab Luon and Luao. Uh, get away. Luon struggled desperately to break free from the shadow claw as restraints, but found himself unable to move at all. Big brother, help me. The crimson aura around Lu Ao suddenly surged, barely managing to break free from the entanglement of the shadow claws. Enraged, he roared, "Save your mother. If you hadn't lied to me, I wouldn't be in such a sorry state." However, as soon as he finished speaking, dozens of shadow swords like black lightning pierced straight through Lu Tion's chest. "Big, big brother." Lu Tions eyes widened, filled with resentment and fear as he collapsed to the ground. Luo was startled and exclaimed, "So fast. Your turn. I'm not one to be trifled with." Luo's body erupted wildly once again, and his entire body expanded rapidly, instantly reaching a height of 4 m. "You think you're so great just because you've gotten bigger?" Suchin's eyes were contemptuous. He activated shadow flash, and his figure flashed past like a ghost. The next second, the killing scythe, gleaming with a sharp black light, severed one of Luo s legs. How is this possible? Luo let out a painful scream, staring at his severed leg, his heart filled with fear and shock. How could the destructive power be so strong? Why not? Such Chan was about to finish off Lu Ao when he suddenly heard an angry shout. You brat, who gave you the right to kill my people? This angry shout resounded through the heavens and earth like a great bell. Such Chun felt as if his soul was about to be shattered just by hearing the sound and a sharp pain shot through his mind. Hara, the king has arrived. Such Chun, you are doomed to die today. Luo revealed a crazed smile. Suchin frowned, not having time to think about what this so-called king was, and his eyes hardened. Then you have to die, too. The shadow flash was activated again, and Such Chun slashed its neck with a single stroke. Just as he finished killing Lu Ao, Such Chan felt an incredibly powerful and terrifying pressure from a realm like an invisible mountain, pressing down on him as if to crush him into a pile of minced meat. Above the sky, the leader of the blood bulls, Tu Kuang, exuded a terrifying aura like a demon god descending to earth. A hint of surprise flashed in its eyes. You actually withstood my pressure. No wonder you attracted such a phenomenon. Let's see if you can withstand it now. Tu Kuang pressed down slightly with one hand and the powerful pressure suddenly intensified, surging towards Su Chun like a tidal wave, directly forcing Such Chun to kneel on one knee. Such Chan tried to crush the dragon token, but found that he couldn't move at all. Damn it, just what kind of terrifying being is this. Seeing that Suchin only knelt on one knee, Tu Kuangs eyes flashed with displeasure. Kneelled down on both knees, it intensified its oppressive power once again. Such Chun felt as if he was about to be crushed into a pulp, and his bones were making cracking sounds as if they couldn't bear the weight. But he still forced himself to raise his eyes. I kneel before heaven and earth, and before my parents. And you? You don't deserve it. He struggled to stay upright, his golden bones now visible, gleaming like the sun. Golden bones revealed. Gold, golden bones. Tu Kuangs eyes were filled with shock. Even in the vast universe, golden bones are an extremely rare existence. In this small world that has not yet completed its evolution, according to the rules of the small world, no one is allowed to refine into golden bones. Only after the first round of evolution is completed is the appearance of golden bones permitted. But what makes this kid so special that he can achieve the golden bones? I was hoping to play with you a little longer, but it seems I can't let you live today. A blood red giant axe appeared in Tu Kuang's hand, emanating a thick, bloody aura. Split of the heavens. Chapter 100. Such Chan, the first person to overcome heaven with humanity. Above the sky, a gigantic ax phantom appeared out of thin air, seemingly capable of easily cleaving the heavens and crashing down upon Such Chun, bullying my clans juniors. Tu Kuang, have you forgotten the lesson you learned last time? His voice was booming, carrying boundless majesty and anger. Even faster than the sound came a black streak of light accompanied by a sharp whooshing sound, and a black spear appeared. Thump! A deafening roar shook the heavens and the earth. That was the renowned world destroying dragon spear. The spear collided directly with the blood red battle axe, which was instantly sent flying. The huge ax shadow in the sky also dissipated, leaving only wisps of blood red mist drifting in the air. Tu Kuang slightly raised his eyes. Who is it? Tu Kuang? What? You don't even remember us. Zu Y and Huan Xan walked over, their feet treading on the void and surrounded by a faint light. It was the two of you. Tu Kuangs voice carried a hint of surprise, but even more so, a sense of apprehension. Huh? Xan Xang and Zu E are its mortal enemies, especially Hua Xan Xiang. Although his cultivation level is slightly lower, he has already comprehended the Dao with a spear, making him incredibly powerful. Wherever his spear intent goes, everything can be destroyed. O, you old bullhead. You've bullied our clan's prodigy. Today, I'll cut off your arm as punishment. world. Destroying dragon spear returned to Hua Xanongs hand, its body gleaming brightly and a powerful spear intense sword into the sky. One spear to settle the world. Tu Kuang felt the powerful, almost tangible spear intent locking onto him. His brows furrowed and a sense of unease welled up within him. Hua, one arm is enough. If you push me too far, all the creatures on this third level will die. It roared, its voice full of threat. Huh? Jehan Xan was slightly taken aback. The world destroying spear, which was originally locked onto Tu Kuang s heart shifted slightly and pointed directly at that thick arm. Break. With a furious roar, the world destroying dragon spear was hurled. With a crack and accompanied by flying flesh and blood, Tu Kuangs right arm was severed off and blood gushed out like a fountain, staining the ground beneath his feet red. Leave in 3 seconds or die. Tu Kuangs face was contorted with rage. The pain of losing an arm is nothing compared to the pain of a city being annihilated when my next army arrives. It picked up the battle axe from the ground, turned and left, its eyes filled with resentment and hatred. Seeing him leave, Hua Chong snorted, "You coward." Then he looked at Such Chun, his eyes full of concern. "You brat, are you all right?" Su Chun wiped the cold sweat from his forehead, still feeling lingering fear. It's all right, Uncle Hua. It's all thanks to your timely arrival. If Hua Xan Xiang and Zu E hadn't arrived in time at that critical moment, he probably would have lost his life. All right, we shouldn't stay here any longer. Let's talk again back at the barracks. Zu E waved his hand, and a powerful energy enveloped the three of them, who flew rapidly toward the exit of the demon cave. The 10th level of the Blood Bull demon cave is a gloomy and terrifying place. A thick stench of blood permeated the surroundings, and the ground was stained with blood, emitting a nauseating odor. Your Majesty, who injured you like this? A guard stared at the severed arm, his face filled with terror, his voice trembling. The once invincible king has been beaten into such a state. Tu Kuangs eyes were filled with overwhelming killing intent. Hua Jean Xiang, you all deserve to die. Currently, the strength of their bloodbull demon cave is not equal to that of the human race. Fortunately, the 10th floor contains the core of the demon cave, which maintains the current delicate situation and allows it to escape with its life. But the thought of Hua Xan Xiang severing his arm ignited a burning rage within him that lingered for a long time. After a long while, it gradually calmed down its anger, and a sinister glint flashed in its eyes. Once the next batch of bloodbull warriors is sent from the main planet, this situation of unequal strength can be reversed and it may even be superior to the human race. At that time, it will make Hua Jean Xang feel the pain of a city being destroyed and make the entire human race pay the price for what happened today. Guards, raise Su Chun to number one on the kill list. Anyone who kills Such Chun will be promoted to Legion Commander. Firstly, there's that incredibly precious golden bone. Secondly, the astonishing phenomenon just now was caused by Su Chun and it's highly likely that he has advanced to SS level superpower. Thirdly, his growth rate is too fast. In the blink of an eye, he has already reached the sixth level of the third rank. Such a monstrous existence is extremely rare in the entire universe. We must not allow such a monster to develop safely in this small world. Yes, your majesty. The subordinate acknowledged the order and withdrew. Tu Kuang snorted heavily. Someone heal my wounds. Central Theater Command military camp. You brat. How did you end up advancing your superpowers there? Huh? Xan Xangs tone carried a hint of reproach, but more so of concern and worry. I was originally hunting monsters there, and then I ate a power enhancing fruit. I accidentally upgraded to SS level power. I didn't expect there would be any strange phenomena. Suchin scratched his head somewhat embarrassedly. This was indeed something he hadn't expected. He hadn't expected the strange phenomenon to be so significant, almost alarming the entire demon cave. If he had known there were unusual phenomena, he wouldn't have been promoted there. I'll learn from this experience and never again attempt to advance my abilities in such a dangerous place. Hugh frowned. Was this even human language? I leveled up without even realizing it. That's incredibly lucky. It's good that we made it there this time. Next time, you have to be careful in everything. You Brad understand? Huh? Jan Xs tone was full of admonition. Uncle Hua, I'll definitely be more careful next time. Suchin nodded quickly, his heart filled with gratitude. Seeing Suchin say this, Hua Jean Xong felt relieved and then laughed loudly. Hahaha, our human race has gained another SS level genius with superpowers. This is indeed something to celebrate. Unexpectedly, Suchin successfully advanced to SS level superpower, which is undoubtedly a powerful boost to the human race. Zu E then spoke up. Shouldn't you be happy that this kid has achieved the golden bone realm? SS level superpowers are not unprecedented, but Su Chin's golden bones are. This is the first time in nearly 300 years that such a precedent has been set. The Kun prophecy that no one on Earth would be able to forge golden bones within 300 years has been broken. The rules of this small world were also shattered by Su Chun. Hua Xanong patted his head. Yeah. He then gripped Su Chens shoulder. You kid? How did you temper your bones into gold? Just like that, the tempering is successful. What happened? Such Chin asked with a puzzled look. Zu e. You little brat. Do you think tempering your bones into golden bones is child's play? Do you know why no one on my blue star has tempered their bones into golden bones in the past 300 years? Huh? Xan Xong said helplessly. Suchin shook his head. He really didn't know that. Huh? Xang looked at Zu Ei and said, "I'm not good at explaining, so I'll trouble the commander-in-chief to explain to this brat." Zui nodded and explained. In the 300 years of evolution of my blue star, no one has ever been able to reach the 10th round of bone tempering, which is the golden bone realm. The highest they have ever reached is the ninth round. This is due to the restrictions of the rules of the unevolved small world. Simply put, it's the limitations of this small world on Earth. But you, Sue Chun, have now achieved golden bones directly shattering those limitations. The first person to conquer nature with human effort. Chapter 101. Spac-time turbulence at the core of the demon cave. Suchin's lips curled up into a humble smile. It was just luck. Luck? How could that be? This is clearly all thanks to the system. But then I realized something was wrong. How could it all be the systems doing? If I hadn't risked my life to hunt monsters and accumulate kill points, where would I have gotten the golden bone? Ultimately, all of this is thanks to tireless efforts. Zu Eie smiled faintly and said, "If everyone in my Dragon Kingdom could be as lucky as you, then our dragon kingdom might be able to produce a few more geniuses." Zu Eie knew in his heart that this young man must be hiding a secret. But since he was unwilling to talk about it, there was no need to investigate further. Haha. No matter what, the result is good, and that's enough. Huh? Jean Xong laughed loudly and patted Su Chan s shoulder heavily. This kid in front of him was much more capable than he had been back then. Su Chan nodded first. Then a hint of doubt flashed in his eyes. Uncle Hua, just now in the demon cave. With your strength, you should have been able to kill that blood bull king, right? But why did you spare its life? Given the situation at the time, it was clear that the blood bull king Tu Kuang was doomed to die. Strangely, Hua Xan Xiang only severed its arm and paid that price before stopping. Huh? Xan Xiang said helplessly. "That's right. We did have the ability to kill it back then, but if we had actually made a move, we would have been killed along with it." Suchin's brows furrowed instantly. "Why is that? Because that two Kuang controls the core of the bloodbull demon cave. If it weren't for this core of the demon cave, the bloodbull demon cave would have been raised to the ground long ago." The core of the demon's layer. Uncle Hua, could you tell me about it in detail? This new knowledge was something he had never heard of before. Hua Jean Xang picked up the teacup beside him, took a small sip, cleared his throat, and said, "The core of this demon cave is the lifeblood of the entire Bloodbull demon cave. You should know that the essence of this bloodbull demon cave is formed from fragments of spaceime. These 10 layers of the bloodbull demon cave correspond precisely to 10 fragments of spaceime. The essence of these spac-time fragments coalesed to form the core of the demon cave, which is now firmly controlled by Tu Kuang. If Tu Kuang so desires, he can easily crush a corresponding layer of space-time fragment, causing that layer to collapse instantly and be swept into the space-time turbulence, leaving its fate uncertain. Suchin listened attentively. This information was too shocking for him. It was the first time he had ever learned about it. So, this Bloodbull demon cave can never be destroyed. No, it's not indestructible forever, Zu E said slowly. As long as someone can shatter the core of the demon cave, the entire Bloodbull demon cave can be uprooted and completely destroyed. Of course, that person will inevitably die. If the core of the demon cave is shattered, the entire Bloodbull demon cave will instantly disappear, and all creatures inside will be swept into the space-time turbulence, swallowed by the space-time turbulence, and will die without a chance of survival. Suchin remains silent for a moment. Simply put, as long as the core of the demon cave is destroyed, there's no need to kill the blood bulls one by one, they will all be wiped out in one fell swoop. Alas, but how easy is that? Huh? Hang side heavily. The core of that demon cave is hidden extremely well by Tu Kuang. It's impossible to find, let alone destroy it. Huh couldn't help but get angry whenever this was mentioned. If it weren't for this damned core of the demon cave, the demon cave would have been breached long ago. There will always be a way, Uncle Hua, Such Chin said softly, trying to comfort him. At this point, he understood why he had never launched a large-scale attack on the demon cave. With the core of this demonic cave present, it's truly impossible to defeat it. I hope so, Huhan Xung said helplessly. Are the other two demon caves the same as the bloodbull demon cave? Such impinressed. He guessed that the three major demonic dens in the dragon kingdom were probably all about the same. That's right. The principle is the same. At present, the best solution is to find a way to extract the core of the demon cave, bring it to the surface, and smash it. This way, we can completely eradicate the demon cave without any casualties. I see. Thank you for clearing up my confusion, Uncle Hua, Su Chun said respectfully. He is currently powerless to eradicate the demon's lair. You rascal, why are you being so polite with me? This arduous task is now in your hands. Huh? Jehong joked with a smile. In his opinion, if Such Chan were to grow to the 10th level, he would definitely be more powerful than himself. And this kid has always been able to create miracles. Such Chin touched his nose and smiled awkwardly. Uncle Hua, isn't this a bit too early? We should wait at least 2 or 3 years before talking about it. You little rascal. I was just joking with you and you took it seriously. Besides, you can't expect to reach the 10th level in 2 or 3 years, can you? Huh? Jehang said with a smile. In the Dragon Kingdom, the fastest person to go from awakening their superpowers to cultivating to the 10th level took 18 years. The first three stages are relatively easy to cultivate. But as you progress, the cultivation time required for each stage increases exponentially. When Suchin heard him say that, he really wanted to retort. I really can do it. But in the end, he didn't say it. All right, brother. Su Chan, it's getting late. It's almost lunchtime. Why don't you stay for a meal? Zui invited with a smile. Such Sean politely shook his head. I'm sorry, Commander Zu. I have to go back to school for a gathering later to go to Shanghai for the Secret Realm competition. I really can't make it this time, but I'll definitely come and have a drink with you next time. When facing the commanderin-chief of the Central Theater Command, one still has to be polite. Without his protection, where would our peaceful days come from? Zu e waved his hand. The competition is a big deal. No need to be so polite. Thank you for your understanding. Commander and Chief Zu, Uncle Hua, I'll head back to school now. After saying that, he turned and walked out of the military camp. Watching Su Chin's departing figure, Huhong asked, "What do you think of this kid?" That's right. There's hope for the next generation of our dragon kingdom. Zuis eyes were full of praise. His golden bones, incredibly fast cultivation speed, and SS level superpower, Such Chun is destined to suppress the geniuses of this generation. More importantly, this kid has good character. If someone has bad character, they can easily go astray. It's been a long time since I've heard you praise someone like that. I have good taste, don't I?" Huh? Jehan Xang said with a smug smile. You have a good eye. I remember you have a daughter in her early 20s, right? Why don't you introduce her to Such Chun? This kid is destined for great things. Huh? Jehan Xon quickly waved his hand and said with a ry smile, "My daughter only cares about killing enemies. She has absolutely no interest in men. That's a bit of a pity. I don't have a daughter either. Such a good young man might end up as someone else's son-in-law." Huh. Jehong put his arm around his shoulder. All right, let's have a drink at noon and have some fun. With that, the two turned and left together. Chapter 1. Blood coagulation 17 round secret realm battle rules. On the way back, Su Chun looked at the conspicuous 62,000 kill points on the system panel. His heart already filled with excitement. These kill points were obtained from the last wave of big dumb cows, enough to give him a good boost in leveling up. A momentary boost brings instant pleasure and the constant awesome awesome awesome message keeps popping up. System upgrade blood clotting to the 17th level. spend 10,000 kill points. Blood clotting successfully reaches round 17. He felt a surge of heat courarssing through his body and his blood and energy became more active. He let out a long sigh of relief. Phew, that feels good. His gaze swept across the system panel again, and Su Chun began to plan his next upgrade strategy. The 18th round of blood clotting improvement requires 50,000 killing points. Although he has enough points, he currently lacks mental cultivation methods. After weighing the options, improving combat skills is the best choice at present. Raise my nightmare weaving technique to the second level, dream realm. Spending 20,000 kill points, nightmare weaving technique successfully reached the second level. As the system notification faded, a flood of insights into the second realm of nightmare weaving technique poured into Su Chin's mind. He frowned slightly, lost in thought. And only now did he truly understand why even the most skilled nightmare weaving technique had only reached the second level. This technique requires an extremely high level of understanding of dreams. One can only gain insights by creating dreams for others using the nightmare weaving technique and observing those dreams. However, each use consumes a great deal of mental energy. No wonder this nightmare weaving technique has only been used by those who have cultivated it to the second level. Suchin muttered to himself. After a brief pause, Suchin spoke again. Upgrade to the second level of the nine Netherworld undying body. By consuming 20,000 kill points, the nine netherworld undying body has reached the second level, allowing the user to fuse dark elements into their blood. In an instant, Such Chan felt his body being reshaped by a powerful force, becoming more resilient and stronger. he remarked with some emotion. Now with the golden bones, I can even be a meat shield. Looking at the remaining 10 0000 plus kill points on the system panel, Suchin thought for a moment and decided to upgrade the dark knight shield. With the consumption of 10,000 kill points, the fourth tier combat skill, Shadow Shield, was instantly mastered. The shadow shield formed from condensed dark elements is thicker and harder. After completing the upgrade, Such Chun stretched and yawned. Hopefully that SS level firet type ability isn't too weak. If we're going to fight, we'll fight the elites. At the entrance of the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy, Chu Shangyong and Chu Xining stood neatly with 29 students waiting. Where did Sushin go? Why hasn't he come yet? What's the rush? We're going to lose the secret realm showdown anyway, and we'll just get mocked by the other side if we go. All right, how can we dampen our spirits? Chu Xangyang frowned and said seriously. Although what the students say may be true, at times like these, we must not boost the morale of others while diminishing our own. Not long ago, news came that the SS level firetype genius from the Magic City Academy had broken through to the ninth level of the third tier, breaking the Magic City Academyy's record for the fastest cultivation, which made Chu Shangyong feel immense pressure. That SS level firetype genius was two realms higher than Mushware, and his SS level ability made him incredibly powerful. Although Such Chun is also very strong, the gap in his abilities and cultivation level is still a major weakness. So, his chances of winning this Secret Realm competition are really slim. Sorry to keep you all waiting. A dark shadow flashed by and Su Chin instantly appeared in front of everyone. It's good that you're here. Let's go. Let's set off for Shanghai. Chu XY glanced at Su Chan, then turned and led his group toward the airport. After boarding the plane, everyone took their seats one by one with Chu Xining and Such Chin sitting opposite each other. Chu Xining asked curiously. "How has he been growing these past few days?" "It's all right," Suchin replied casually. Chu Xeenings eyes revealed a hint of suspicion. "That strange phenomenon. You didn't create it again, did you?" In her memory, besides Such Chun, she couldn't think of anyone else who could create such an amazing phenomenon. A himm teacher Chu, you guessed right. Chu Xining became even more curious, leaning forward slightly. What kind of strange phenomenon is that? Could it be that your superpower has accidentally increased? She teased casually. Teacher Chu, you have a really good eye for people. Chu Xining was stunned for a moment. Don't tell me that your superpower accidentally and by chance was upgraded to SS level. It may be hard to believe, but my ability has indeed been upgraded to SS level, Such Chin said without any attempt to hide it. Hiding? That's something only cowards do. Suchin doesn't need to. You little brat, don't lie to me. Chu Xining still found it hard to believe. How could Shuer Lingling have improved to SS level in just a few days? Please look. As Such Chin spoke, dark elements began to surge in his hand, revealing a hint of deep purple mixed within the pure black dark elements. Shu Xianings mouth was so long that she could fit several fried eggs in it. This ability gave her the feeling that only an SS level ability could provide. You You're a real freak among freaks. It's really strange. Suchin always manages to bring her surprises. A small surprise every day and a big surprise every 3 days. After not seeing each other for 5 days, they gave me a huge surprise. SS level superpowers are powerful abilities that surpass S-level superpowers. S-class superpowers are extremely rare. So, you can imagine how rare SSL class superpowers are. Now that fire elemental SS level superpower prodigy from the second year of the Shanghai Academy will finally have a worthy opponent. He back then, teacher Chu, you spent a fortune recruiting me to Kyoto Academy and made a killing, didn't you? Chu Xining shook her head with a smile. If the admissions officers from other colleges found out, they would probably regret it to the core. She secretly rejoiced that she had made the right decision to spend a lot of money to recruit Su Chun to Kyoto Academy. That just proves that you have a sharp eye, teacher Chu. Chu Xining pointed at him, figning anger, and said, "You little rascal, you're so glib." Then her expression turned serious. Even if you possess an SS level ability, don't be careless. SS level firet type abilities in Shanghai, and Shinyang can ignore defenses. Shinyang is hailed as the strongest genius in the Magic City Superpower Academy for decades. His firet type superpower has two powerful characteristics. increasing power and ignoring defense. It is a force of destruction and should not be underestimated. Isn't this even better? The stronger the opponent, the more excited I get. Only by defeating powerful opponents can we prove our strength and continuously break through our own limits. Chu Xining rolled her eyes at Such Sean. I really don't know what's going on in your head. Do you want me to explain the rules of the secret realm battle to you? Sure. It'll be good to learn about it so we can make better plans. Chapter 103 comprehensive test. The team's hope. Assess and compare the abilities of students from both schools from multiple aspects such as bone tempering, blood coagulation, spiritual veins, realm, and special abilities. The second round is the secret realm battle. In this round, you can get points by killing monsters or collecting resources. The number of points depends on the value of the target. The competition lasts 7 days, and the team with the highest score at the end wins. Of course, there's also an automatic way to win. Successfully defeat the strongest boss in the secret realm, a fourth tier level one demonic beast. In the second year of each college, there will be a competition between the two schools in a secret realm to test their overall strength. Suchin nodded silently. It seemed that after entering the secret realm, this time he would have to go all out to hunt down the monsters. Hunting monsters to gain kill points might give you the strength to challenge that fourth tier first level monster and win the match. So, you're planning to hunt down that fourth tier first level demonic beast and win the match directly, aren't you? Chu Xianing seemed to see through Such Chin's thoughts and guest with a smile. I'm actually thinking about that. What is that not allowed? It's not impossible. It's just almost impossible to succeed. As far as I know, that demonic beast is of the dark attribute, and it lives in symbiosis with a dark elemental treasure tree. With the help of the treasure t's power, its strength far exceeds that of an ordinary fourth tier first level demonic beast. Otherwise, why would it be set up so that killing it would result in an immediate victory? Chu Xi Ning explained patiently. Upon hearing these words, Such Chin's fighting spirit was instantly ignited. Difficult? That's only because you're not strong enough. As long as you can hunt enough monsters, obtain a large number of killing points, and greatly improve your strength. What is there to fear from that seemingly powerful monster? We can still kill him. Let's take it one step at a time. Who knows, we might actually succeed in hunting one. Okay, I believe you can definitely do it. Chu Xining said this, but her tone carried a hint of casual peruncteriness. After exchanging a few more words, the two closed their eyes and began to rest. The Shanghai Superpower Academy. Yong Tao looked at the 30 students behind him who were the strongest among his sophomores. The people from the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy will be here soon. This first competition tests overall strength. Are you all confident you can win? Of course, we're confident. Director Yong, in terms of overall strength, we're definitely the better choice. Yes. And besides, we have Shinyong Vulcan here. His SS level superpower is enough to crush the other side. Exactly. Although Sud Chun on the other side is quite powerful, he still has to step aside in front of our Vulcans SS level superpowers. The overall strength comparison will take into account factors such as age, cultivation level, number of bone tempering cycles, and ability level of each person and then add up the scores of 30 people to calculate the average score. The side with the higher average score wins. Yong Tao waved his hand slightly, a smug smile on his face. just perform appropriately, but don't go too far in mocking the other side later. Despite saying that, the uncontrollable upward curve of his lips betrayed his inner pride and confidence who told them to lose in the 100 schools league last year and not even have an SS level ability. Director Yang, I'm sorry to have kept you waiting. Just then, the school bus slowly came to a stop and the door opened as Chu Shang Yang led a group of people over. Yong Tao immediately greeted him with a smile. Huh? Long time no see. Director Chu. Yeah, it's been over a year since we last met, hasn't it? Yes, your freshman students lost to us in the 100 schools league last year, and we haven't seen them since. Yong Tas words carried a hint of provocation. Chu Xangyongs face instantly turned cold. Then, let's not delay and conduct a comprehensive strength test first. He was caught off guard when the other party brought up last year's events in this setting. Okay, come with me. Yong Tao felt even more smug when he saw that Chu Shangyong had avoided the topic. then let you experience firsthand what harsh reality is when your overall strength is put to the test. Among the crowd, Such Chin's gaze fell on the group of second-year students from the Shanghai Superpower Academy. Among them, a tall, thin boy with a red buzzcut and wearing a floral shirt was particularly eye-catching. Suchin narrowed his eyes slightly and probed directly, quickly obtaining detailed information. Name: Shinyang. Power/Influence: Son of the Shin family, a top tier power in Shanghai. Special ability, SS rank, annihilation, Azure Flame. Realm level, third tier, ninth level, bone tempering, round nine. Blood clotting, round 14. Pulse opening, 88. Note, they're quite strong. A match is possible. While Such Chun was observing Shinyong, Shinyang was also looking sharply at Such Chun. Is this the legendary Such Chun? In the upcoming comprehensive test, we'll show him what he's capable of and give him a little shock. Although Su Chin's cultivation speed was very fast, Shinyang firmly believed that he had not made much progress in bone tempering and blood coagulation. It was impossible for him to have a high level of bone tempering and blood coagulation at the same time as his cultivation speed. Moreover, he possesses an SS level firet type ability which is far superior to an S-Ele ability. Su Chan gets twothirds of his overall score later. Then he'll be considered amazing. After walking for only a few minutes, the teams from both schools arrived at the testing center in Shanghai. Inside the testing center, the lighting was dim and two testing instruments sat quietly. Principal Chu, how about we start testing 30 students from both sides at the same time. Yong Tao suggested with a confident smile. The goal is to give the students of Kyoto Ability Academy some hope first. Then when Shinyang appeared, their hopes instantly turned into despair. Chu X Shangyong sighed helplessly, feeling somewhat frustrated, but still nodded. Okay, let's begin the test now. His voice sounded weak and listless when he said this. He knew in his heart that they were almost certain to lose this comprehensive test. The bonus points brought by an SS level ability were enough to be equivalent to three S-level abilities. Things are valued for their rarity, but unfortunately they don't have any SS level superhumans here. Yong Tao, beaming with pride, announced, "Students from both sides, please enter the testing chamber one by one. The test will begin." And one student each from the Kyoto Ability Academy and the Shanghai Ability Academy walked in. As they entered the testing chamber, the scores of the comprehensive test were immediately displayed on two large screens beside them. Name: Li Jang Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy. Age 19. Realm level, third tier, third level. Special ability, rank A, Crimson Fury. Bone tempering, seven rounds. Blood clotting 11 rounds. Pulse opening 45. Overall score 508. And so the tests on both sides proceeded in an orderly manner. Brother-in-law, are you confident you can defeat them? Jang Luer quietly approached Su Chun and asked in a low voice, "Don't shout nonsense. Your sister is here, isn't she?" Suchin glanced at Mushware, who looked worried and said softly. Jang Lu sighed helplessly. "My sister's overall score will definitely be far behind Shinyangs, so our hopes of winning rest entirely on you, brother-in-law." Chapter 104 makes a grand finale appearance and turns the tide. Currently, the Kyoto Ability Academyy's hopes of winning almost entirely rest on Sue Chin's shoulders. He has the advantage of age and may indeed be able to turn the tide and reverse the situation at this critical moment. Mushweer walked over with light, graceful steps. How is your bone tempering and blood coagulation progressing? She didn't want to lose, but she couldn't. She couldn't beat Shinyang on the other side. It's all right, but the blood clotting isn't quite up to par. 17 rounds of blood clotting, one round short of perfection. Doesn't that mean we're not keeping up? Yes, that's right. Mushwin eyes. Yes, just do your best. Winning or losing isn't that important. Such Chan said that blood coagulation hadn't kept up. Probably because his bone tempering was in the seventh or eighth round, while blood coagulation should only be in the 10th round, which is why he said that. Thinking about it, it's true. Su Chun had only awakened his powers less than a month ago. How could they possibly achieve such astonishing speed and cultivation and reached the same level in bone tempering and blood coagulation? Suchin's lips curled up into a teasing smile. Why do you look so listless now? You weren't like this when you blasted me with the ice phoenix. Mooer pursed her lips slightly. Back then, I just wanted to win too much. I had a reason not to lose, so I used a ninth tier combat skill. In ordinary duels, she would not easily use such a powerful ninth tier combat skill to fight against others. On the one hand, the ninth tier combat skill consumes a lot of her energy, which will put her in a difficult position in subsequent battles. On the other hand, once such a powerful combat skill is used, it can easily cause irreparable damage to the opponent. But back then, she truly had a compelling reason to win. Suchin raised an eyebrow. Let me guess. Is the reason you can'tt lose because if I beat you, I can go and propose marriage and I'm guaranteed to succeed. Mwinter's red lips parted slightly, her eyes filled with surprise. How did Suchin know? She glanced at Jang Luer, who was about to slip away quietly and immediately understood everything. She asked almost as if possessed. So, are you interested? Suchin shook his head, his tone casual and nonchalant. No, I'm not interested. For him, feelings were never something that could be forced. Although forced relationships can sometimes taste sweet and exciting, that's not what he's after. Um Mooer responded softly, feeling inexplicably relieved, but at the same time, she also felt a sense of indescribable loss. She gently shook her head, trying to shake off the emotion in her heart. Just then, a student's exclamation from the crowd brought everyone's thoughts back to the competition. Damn, the scores are so close. The two display devices clearly showed Kyoto Ability Academy 19,580 and Shanghai Ability Academy 19,400. Kyoto Ability Academy was temporarily slightly ahead. Chu X Shangyong frowned deeply as he looked at the score. Despite being in the lead, he couldn't be happy at all. There is another strong player on the opposing team while we only have two left on our side. However, even if Muer and Su Chin scores are combined, they probably can't compete with Shinyong, who has an SS level superpower. Yong Tao watched this scene with a satisfied smile on his face. He deliberately raised his voice and said, "Haha, Director Chu, your Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy is slightly better." Chu Xangyong snorted coldly. Director Yang, there's no need to say that. Don't you have someone else coming out as the grand finale? Huh? Director Chu, you still have two more grand finales over there. He glanced at Su Chun and Mushware and was certain that even if there were two people on the other side, they would definitely not be able to defeat his prized student Shinyang. SS level abilities are not comparable to S-level abilities. And the same goes for the rating system. Chu Xangyang could no longer contain his anger. All right, if you're going to test, then test. What's with all this doawling? He really wanted to punch Yong Tao in the face. He was such a damn pretentious jerk. He'll get his revenge when he gets the chance. Yong Tao was all smiles, feeling quite pleased with Chu Xiang Yongs exasperated expression. It was time to play his trump card and crush the opponent. Shinyong, go up and get your score taken. Upon hearing this, Shinyang confidently stepped forward. Meanwhile, at the Kyoto Ability Academy, Chu Xangyong looked at Such Chun and said, "Soon Chun, you go up first." Muer stepped forward. Teacher, let me go first. Let him be the last one. She had a strong premonition that Su Chan would bring everyone a huge surprise. Chu X Shangyong hesitated for a moment, then finally nodded. Okay, Mushwear, you go first. In his view, the outcome is likely to be a loss anyway, so it doesn't matter who goes first. Mushwear and Shunyang entered the testing chamber together, and their information gradually appeared with their total score displayed on the screen. Shinyong 5,160. Mushwear 2580. This Shinyong score is about to break the record for the comprehensive test for sophomores in China, right? Pretty much the highest score recorded in the sophomore comprehensive test was 6,600. Shinyang is really too strong. This doesn't make sense, does it? Mushwe isn't weak either, so why is her score so low? Of course, it's the difference in ability level. One SS level ability is worth three or 4 S level abilities. The two are also two levels apart in cultivation and one round apart in blood coagulation. This gap widens immediately. Mooer felt a pang of pain even though she had expected it. The gap between superpowers was like an insurmountable chasm, leaving her feeling utterly helpless. She slowly stepped down from the testing platform. Director, I did my best. Chu X Shang Yong gently comforted him. It's okay. Your score is already very high. Go back to your team. Mushwear nodded, glanced at Su Chin again, and then returned to the group. Shinyang looked at his score, and a satisfied smile appeared on his face. His score consistently ranks among the top in the overall sophomore year comprehensive test evaluations. What can the opposing team possibly use to beat him? Looking at Shinyangs score, Yong Tao became even more smug. He boasted, "Director Chu, what do you think? Isn't my student pretty good? O, I still have Such Chun. What are you showing off for? He'll crush your students sooner or later. Given a little more time, Such Chan will definitely be able to surpass Shinyang. Yong Tao smiled dismissively. That takes time, and besides, an S-class ability can never compare to an SS-class ability. At this moment, he no longer concealed his smuggness and mockery. There's no such thing as being better or worse. It's just a matter of how hard you try. Yong Tao waved his hand casually and said, "All right, all right." He then looked at Such Chan. This must be the famous Such Chan, right? Such Chan retorted without any politeness. Why are you calling me dad? He had no intention of giving this arrogant, sarcastic, and boastful director of friendly look. We're all human. Why should I indulge you? Yong Tas face instantly turned ashen. How dare you speak to a teacher like that? You're not a teacher at our school, so don't talk to me like that. You you Yong Tao was so angry that he was speechless for a moment. After thinking about it carefully, it seemed that this was indeed the case. He suppressed his anger. Why aren't you going up to test your strength yet? Could it be that you've been so focused on cultivation that you haven't even started bone tempering and blood coagulation? Based on the experiences of previous students, if one's cultivation speed is fast, bone tempering and blood condensation will definitely not keep up. let alone someone like Such Chun whose cultivation speed is astonishingly fast. Su Chin chuckled lightly. I'll show you right now just how naive you are. After saying that, he walked towards the testing cabin. Chapter 105 gods have no form until Such Chin appears. Yong Tao looked at Such Chun and snorted. I don't believe in this nonsense. Even if your cultivation speed is astonishing, bone tempering and blood condensation can't possibly be this fast, can they? As Such Chan entered the testing cabin, many students whispered and discussed among themselves. Sigh, I really hope Susan can step up his game and teach those guys a lesson. Yes, Susan is the hope of our entire team. We're counting on him to turn the tide. So, he's Such Chin. He's quite handsome, but I wonder how strong he really is. His strength is indeed formidable, but this comprehensive test is a holistic assessment, not just based on cultivation level. It also takes into account the progress of bone tempering and blood condensation. Chu Xang Yangs expression was solemn and he silently prayed in his heart. Kid, you must do your best. Don't let everyone down. At this moment, Chu Xining walked over and said, "Don't worry, Director Chu. This kid will definitely give you a big surprise." Chu Xiangyong nodded slightly and murmured, "I hope so." Shinyang also turned his attention to the score display screen. He wanted to see if this supposedly phenomenal boy could achieve half his score. Time passed slowly and after a dozen seconds, Such Chin's various data finally began to appear on the display screen. Name: Such Chun Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy. Age 18. Realm level, third tier, sixth level, unprecedented. Special ability SS rank name not recorded. Bone tempering 10 wheels unprecedented. Blood clotting 17 rounds unprecedented. Number of pulse points opened zero. Overall score 99.999 plus. Huh? Am I seeing things? Bone tempering has reached the 10th round. Blood coagulation has reached the 17th round and the realm is the third tier, sixth level. And that SS level ability. What on earth is going on? Seriously, man. Is this machine broken? What is 99.999 plus even mean? That's incredible. If you told me this wasn't done with cheats, I absolutely wouldn't believe you. That 99.999 plus means it's reached the limit of the detection chamber, not just its limit. Hara, this is so awesome. No wonder the freshman call Su Chun Godsu. From now on, I'll call him that, too. Gods Su is awesome. Who on the other side dares to challenge me now? Not only were the students stunned, but even the teachers present were taken aback, their faces filled with shock. This This is impossible. The prophecy of Kunoon Mountain has been broken. Just like that, Yong Taos face was full of disbelief, and he stood there frozen as if struck by lightning. The prophecy of Kun Mountain foretold that no one with golden bones would appear on Blue Star within 300 years. But now, this prophecy has been broken by Su Chin before our eyes. Chu Xang Yang was stunned for a moment, then burst into laughter, jumping hundreds of meters high with excitement. Harah, SS level superpower, golden bone, 17 rounds of blood coagulation. Any one of these would be enough to shock the entire world, but they are all concentrated in one person, Such Chun. At this moment, Shu X Shangyong was filled with ecstasy, and all his previous worries and doubts were swept away. He really wanted to shout to the whole world that Su Chun was the pride of their Kyoto Superpower Academy, who said that if you cultivate quickly, bone tempering and blood condensation will be slow. Such Chin truly succeeded in saving a collapsing building and turning the tide. Chu Xining smiled and shook her head. She originally thought that Su Chin's SS level ability was already a huge surprise, but she didn't expect that his achievements in Golden Bone and Blood Coagulation were even more beyond her imagination. She had underestimated him. This is impossible. How could the score be 9,999? Yong Tao still couldn't believe what he was seeing. Director Yong, don't always look down on others. Golden bones can't be measured by scores. Besides, these 17 rounds of blood clotting are also a record-breaking achievement, Chu XY retorted. She finally understood why Jackie Chong was so reluctant to let Su Chun leave. Who wouldn't want such a genius? At this moment, the door of the testing chamber slowly opened, and Such Chun walked out. He merely glanced at the score display screen, showing no surprise whatsoever. Suchin walked up to Yong Tao and chuckled. You're so old yet you still think so naively of people. Don't mistake temporary success for eternity. If you can't succeed, don't blame the road for being uneven. The score of 99.999 plus is undoubtedly the best way to slap Yong Tao in the face. Yong Tao lowered his head slightly, his face burning. He couldn't utter a single word in rebuttal after Su Chins words. He never expected that Su Chun sbone tempering and blood coagulation were so astonishing. Yes, director Yang, last year's league was just a temporary mistake for our Kyoto Academy. Don't treat it as a permanent defeat. And what about my student? Chu Xian Yong seized the opportunity and immediately retort it. It feels different when you have your own students. Hoof, this is just a comprehensive test. We'll see about the real battle in the secret realm later. Yong Taos face turned ashen. We'll see. Hurry up and announce who won the first round. Yong Tao gritted his teeth and said reluctantly, "I declare that Kyoto Ability Academy wins the first round of comprehensive testing." After making the announcement, he stormed off to his student group. Chu Shangyong looked at Such Chan with a beaming smile. "You little rascal, you've been hiding your true colors." "Well, I wasn't hiding anything. You guys just didn't ask me." Suchin shrugged. Chu XY thought about it carefully and realized that it was indeed the case. He hadn't asked Su Chan about the specifics of bone tempering. No matter what, this victory is all thanks to you, kid. And you're the first person in Dragon Kingdom and even Blue Star to achieve golden bone. Chu X Shyang excitedly patted Su Chun on the shoulder. So, director, aren't you going to do something about it? Great. I have to say, I'll prepare a generous reward for you when we get back. Thank you very much, director. At this moment, Jang Lu walked over with a face full of admiration. Brother-in-law, I want to say something to you. What did you say? God had no form until you, brother-in-law, appeared, and God took on a form. What else can be said? This is a god, not a god with golden bones. Able to instantly ascend to SS level superpowers. Suchin chuckled and playfully punched Jang Luer in the chest. You little rascal, you're quite the smooth talker when it comes to flattery. Just then, Mushwer walked over with a frown, her face full of confusion and questioning. Such Chen, is this what you meant by the blood clotting didn't keep up? Goodness. So, in Such Chen's eyes, if blood clotting hasn't reached the legendary 18th round, then he's considered to have fallen behind. Yeah, I'm a perfectionist. I'm still one round short of blood clotting, so I'm not keeping up. Moo. Comparing yourself to others can be infuriating. It's one thing that Such Chin's cultivation speed is fast, but his bone tempering and blood condensation speeds are ridiculously fast. Weirdo. She uttered the two words softly, then turned and left. Such Chan watched her retreating figure, smiled calmly, and was then pulled away by Jang Lu. Shinyang, don't be discouraged. In the upcoming Secret Realm competition, we'll teach those guys a lesson. Yong Tao patted Shinyang on the shoulder and instructed him. Although Su Chin score was very high, his cultivation level was still three levels lower than Shinyangs. In the upcoming battle in the secret realm, Such Chan will definitely be no match for Shinyang. He must make his opponents pay for this humiliation in the comprehensive test in the Secret Realm showdown. Shinyangs expression was indifferent. I know what to do. I am the strongest. His fists clenched tightly. The scores from the comprehensive tests were all meaningless. Only the battles in the secret realms were where true strength was tested. His disregard for defensive flames will surely make the opponent pay a hundfold price. Seeing Shinyongs high morale, Yong Tao finally felt relieved. He turned to the group from Kyoto Ability Academy and said, "We've rested enough. Now, let's head to the secret realm. At the same time, an office." Suddenly, a knock on the door broke the silence. Knock knock. Enter. The guard pushed open the door and stroed in, a mixture of tension and excitement on his face. Commander Long, your score record from over 20 years ago in your sophomore year comprehensive test has been broken today. Chapter 106. A man from Kun Mountain. Kong Ling of the Kong family. Long Yian looked up. Oh, how many points? More than 20 years ago, he achieved an outstanding score of over 6,000 points in the test. A record that stands like an insurmountable peak to this day. Unexpectedly, it was broken this year. Commander, please look. The guard handed a set of documents to L Yin with both hands. L Yin reached out and took it when his gaze fell on the name on the document. A hint of confusion appeared in his eyes. Such Chan, isn't he a scion of a reclusive family? He originally thought that the one who would break his record would be a young talent from a reclusive family, but he never expected it to be this unknown Such Chun. He continued reading and when he saw Such Chen's age and cultivation level, his pupils suddenly contracted and a look of disbelief flashed in his eyes. Upon seeing the records of 10 rounds of golden bones and 17 rounds of blood coagulation, he was so excited that he stood up abruptly, his hands trembling slightly. What a fine Su Chun. Long Yan's voice was filled with admiration and excitement. The 10 golden bones signify that the seemingly unbreakable prophecy of Kun Mountain has been shattered. Who says that a person with golden bones can emerge from Earth? Suchin's appearance now is undoubtedly the most powerful rebuttal to this doubt. He exclaimed, "A golden age has arrived. Blue star is about to complete its first round of evolution. The quality of the awakened superhumans this year is generally much higher than last year. Now a peerless genius like Such Chun has emerged. Isn't this a sign of a golden age? Yes, Commander Suchin should be fine as the leader of this generation, right? The guard asked cautiously. He's qualified. I wonder how those reclusive families feel when they hear this news. L Yin said with a hint of curiosity. The term secluded aristocratic families refers to powerful clans that retreat to the Kunoon Mountains either out of weariness with worldly conflicts or for some mysterious reason. Among the reclusive families, the four great families are the most powerful. The disciples they cultivate are all exceptionally talented and can be described as prodigies. Such Chun, this genius from a commoner background, will surely stir up a thousand waves on the calm lake when he appears. This will surely make those reclusive old monsters from their aristocratic families restless. And they will definitely send out their carefully cultivated disciples to compete with Such Chun overwhelmed worldly geniuses with their absolute advantage. But this time, the situation will likely be completely different. Such Chun, who had defied the Kun prophecy and achieved the golden bone. I think they should be preparing to send out their trained disciples to challenge Su Chan, right? The guard guessed with interest. L Yin nodded slightly, "More or less." Then he added, "You must protect Su Chin well and also get all his information to me." "Yes, sir, as you command." The guards left with light steps, leaving Long Yin alone. He sipped his tea, gazed into the distance, and murmured to himself. "Even the Counseloon Mountains, shrouded in mist and clouds, resemble a fairy land. It is located in the back mountain of the Kong family, one of the four great families. Linger, now Grandpa agrees to let you go down the mountain. An elderly man with white hair said loudly. In the distance, a man in white robes radiated light. The light in his hand instantly transforming into countless light swords, which then rapidly changed into countless sharp blades. Upon hearing his grandfather's words, he flashed back to the old man's side like a streak of light. Grandpa, you finally decided to let me go down the mountain to play. Kong Llings face showed a hint of excitement and anticipation. The old man, Kong Wayan, shook his head slightly. Of course, it's not about letting you go down the mountain to play. It's about a prodigy emerging from the secular world. Kong Ling was slightly takenback. There weren't many people that his grandfather could call a prodigy. Incredibly, a person has appeared in the outside world whom Grandpa values so highly. Grandpa means for me to go down the mountain and spar with that demon. Indeed, he shattered the prophecy of my Kunloon Mountain, which means he trampled on the dignity of my Kunloon Mountain. Your expedition to defeat him this time can be considered a form of atonement. The prophecies of Kunloon Mountain have never been wrong in the past century. However, Suchin's appearance broke the ironclad rule that no one with golden bones would appear within 300 years. This breakthrough instantly turned their once proud 100% prediction into a 99% accuracy rate. A gap as vast as an insurmountable chasm. Kong Lling scratched his head. Who's so powerful that they could shatter my Kunloon Mountain Prophecy? That person's name is Su Chun, an SS level dark elemental expert who has achieved the golden bone. What? He actually cultivated to the point of having golden bones. Kong Llings eyes widened. He tried countless times to break through the golden bone, but made no progress. But Such Chun actually managed to achieve the golden bone technique. Indeed, you must defeat him when you descend the mountain this time and restore the prestige of Kunoon Mountain. Remember not to underestimate him. I've already arranged your identity. Soon, the external academy will hold a 100 schools league competition. Your identity is the captain of the secondyear team from the military ability academy. Go. Kong Way and waved his hand. Kong Lling cupped his hands slightly, his eyes filled with confidence. Grandpa, rest assured, I will definitely defeat him. His special ability happens to be of the light type. And throughout history, light has always been the counter to darkness. Of course, at night, the dark element has a certain advantage. But the matches are all held during the day, not at night. As long as there is light, he can use the power of light to conjure all things in the world to attack. Unless Su Chun can summon Eternal Knight with a single thought, he is destined to lose. With a flash of golden light, Kong Ling transformed into a streak of light and flew down the mountain. Kongwan watched his departing figure, then closed his eyes slightly. It would be best to ask the Zhuga family to perform a divination. Thunderous realm, dark clouds gather, lightning flashes, and thunder roars. Within the enormous pool of lightning, the power of thunder surged and churned. Sure. Are you really going to undergo the baptism to break through to SS level superpowers? Jang Chong Ha asked with a worried expression. Father, I want to. I must break through to SS level ability and defeat Such Chan. Jang Shirs eyes were filled with determination. If he can endure the 49 days of thunderous bombardment in this thunderpool, he may be promoted to an SS level lightning type ability user. At that time, Such Chin's S-class superpower will be insignificant in his eyes. All the admiration of beauties and all the fame will belong to Jang Shir. Suchin only deserves to be trampled under his feet. Jang Chong Hasideer, since you've made up your mind, I won't stop you. I'll wait 49 days for you to advance to SS level ability. By then, Hua Jean X will probably be in trouble and Su Chan will have no one to protect him. All right, father. We've been traveling for several days now. You should return to the capital. I can manage on my own, Jang Shir said. and then resolutely jumped into the thunderpool. The moment he came into contact with the lightning power in the thunderpool, he let out a heart-wrenching scream. Oh w a powerful bolt of lightning instantly enveloped him, his body trembling violently in the thunder, his flesh bursting open in a gruesome sight. Seeing this, Jang Changha closed his eyes slightly, a hint of satisfaction on his face. With such a sun, I, Jang Chan Ha, will surely reach the summit. Chapter 107. Is using any means necessary a form of strength? On the airplane, Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy and Shanghai Supernatural Abilities Academy boarded their respective chartered planes and headed towards the dark realm. Brother-in-law, I beg you to be my brother-in-law. Jang Lu pleaded. Go away. Your sister isn't so ugly that she can't get married. Why do you want me to be her? You don't understand. I'm a person who judges by first impressions. I find you brother-in-law, particularly agreeable, and I want to become your family. Jang Lu grinned, revealing a set of bright white teeth. Suchin rolled her eyes at him and bluntly exposed him. I think you just think I'm powerful and that being your brother-in-law will make it easier for you to show off, right? Jang Lure gave an awkward smile, then chuckled and said, "No, actually, it's my sister. She's always either cultivating or supervising my cultivation, so I don't have time to go out and have fun. That's why I want to find a strong man to become my brother-in-law and keep her in check. He had his own little scheme in mind. As long as Su Chun became his brother-in-law and controlled his sister, he would have time to go out and find other girls. You're dreaming, but I'm not interested. You can find someone else. Suchin casually refused. Seeing him say that, Jang Lu looked helpless and then happily ran over to sit down next to Mushware. Sis, when are you going to win over your future husband? Since neither of them is taking the initiative, then Jang Luer will take the initiative. Mushwearer glared at him. Don'tt yell like that. Oh, sis, my brother-in-law is handsome and strong, you should hurry up and make your move while you're young or someone else will snatch him away and you'll have nothing to cry about. If I were a woman, I would get some aphrodesiacs and drugs sued Chun in bed tonight. As Jang Lutter spoke, he gestured animatedly. Moo swear. She was speechless. Was her younger brother, even her biological son. Focus on your cultivation and don't worry about so much. As for matters of the heart, she also let things take their natural course. Jang Lure was helpless inside. Sigh. Can you believe that I can't even give away my own beautiful older sister? It seems he needs to find a way to satisfy both sides. He touched his chin, then his eyes suddenly lit up. He got it. Call Such Chun over when your older sister is at her lowest point. Create the right atmosphere and maybe even add some drugs. You can have a man and a woman alone in a room together. Just thinking about that scene is thrilling. That would make perfect sense, allowing him to completely get rid of Mushwear and go out and flirt with other girls. He was so excited he almost jumped for joy, muttering to himself, "Ha, I'm so smart." Mushwear couldn't help but twitch her lips. What kind of crooked idea was he thinking of now? Half a day later, the planes landed in cities surrounding the secret realm and students from both schools boarded military vehicles and headed towards the secret realm. When the military vehicle arrived near a swampy area, everyone got out of the vehicle. The swamp stretched as far as the eye could see with strings of bubbles rising from the black mud and some strangely shaped plants growing there. This secret realm is in the center of the swamp. Be careful, everyone. There are quite a few swamp tentacle monsters in this swamp. Yong Tao shouted a warning. Chu Xang Yyong asked somewhat puzzled, "Why go through all that trouble?" He then gave the order. "Mushwear, freeze the swamp and clear a path on the ice." Mooer nodded slightly, a cold glint appearing in her eyes, and a powerful chill instantly spread out. "Absolute zero was activated, and the swamp was frozen into a smooth block of ice at a speed visible to the naked eye." "All right, not bad," Chu Shangyong said smugly. Director Yong needs to be flexible and adaptable. Yong Tao snorted lightly, a hint of displeasure flashing across his face. Let's go. He led his students onto the ice and headed towards the entrance to the secret realm, as did Chu Xanyang. A few minutes later, the group arrived at a dead tree that was 100 m tall. The withered tree stood there silently, like a giant who had weathered many storms. The tree trunk was covered with cracks and moss, making it look particularly desolate. Beneath the withered tree is a hole, and inside the hole, a dark vortex swirls. This is the entrance to the secret realm. Yangta took out 60 storage rings and distributed them one by one, saying solemnly, "Inside each of these storage rings is a teleportation stone. If you encounter danger, simply crush it to leave the area." There is also a map marking the areas where monsters are divided. Do you all understand? Understood? Everyone replied in unison. Yes, everyone knows the rules, right? Gathering resources and hunting monsters will earn you points and the student with the highest score will win. Now, please enter the secret realm. After he finished speaking, the students from the Shanghai Superpower Academy went in first, followed by the students from the Kyoto Superpower Academy. Once all the students were inside, only four teachers remained outside. Yong Tao stepped forward and asked, "Director Chu, who do you think will win?" "I believe our Kyoto Ability Academy will win," Chu Shangyong said firmly. Anyway, with Such Chun, a student who's good at creating miracles, he's holding Such Chin hostage. How about we make a bet? Yao suggested. He had already given the students of the Shanghai Superpower Academy a strategy that made winning a piece of cake. Tell me, what are you betting on? I won. How about the students of my magic city academy can now use the thunder secret realm of your Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy? Yong Tao looked at him intently. All right, then. Kyoto Academy wins. I don't ask for much. How about giving me 10 opportunities to enter the elemental holy pool for cultivation like your Magic City Academy? Yong Tao frowned. Had the sun risen in the west? Chu Xangyangs requirements were actually so low. Although the sacred pool can greatly accelerate cultivation, a single opportunity lasting 3 hours doesn't consume much. Okay, it's a deal. Yong Tao immediately agreed. Seeing that he agreed, Chu Xang Yyong and Chu Xianing couldn't help but want to laugh. Indeed, an ordinary person can consume at most a tiny bit of the sacred pool essence when entering the sacred pool once. But Such Chun is different. They remember that the last time Such Chun entered the shadow holy pool. He drained the entire pool in just over an hour. Hundreds of millions will be gone in an hour. I'm afraid Yong Tao will have to beg Such Chun not to go to the Holy Pool. Then seeing the two trying not to laugh, Yong Tao spoke up directly. Anyway, my Shanghai Superpower Academy won't lose. Sometimes using any means necessary is also a form of strength. The rule is that you can rob your opponent, but you cannot eliminate them. However, there's no rule against summoning a large number of monsters to force the other party to crush the legendary stone and leave. Using any means necessary is also a form of strength. Seeing his reaction, Chu Xang Yong said sternly, "If anything happens to my student, Director Yang, don't blame me for being impolite. We'll just have to wait and see what happens there. Yong Tao said cheerfully as he left. Chu Xany Yang frowned. This Yong Tao must have instigated that student to use some crooked methods. Don't worry, we still have Su Chun. Chu Xining comforted her. Chu Xian Yans eye showed some seriousness. I hope that kid can beat Shinyang. Chapter 108. Demon God Chronicles. I heard you're looking for me. The Secret Realm. A dark and damp atmosphere permeated every corner of the Secret Realm. Students from the Shanghai and Kyoto Ability Academy, after being teleported in, converged in different directions. Shanghai Superpower Academy, Shinyong, stood at the front of the line and slowly began to speak. There's a place called Shadow Wolf Ridge on the map. Who among you will lead the pack of wolves to the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy. I'll go, Yong Shan. My talent is flight, and I'm fast. Lie Xiaoan volunteered, his eyes gleaming with excitement. Shinyong nodded in satisfaction. Then he pointed at Jang Xiao. Your ability can locate people. When Jeang Xiao attracts the wolf pack, you will be responsible for locating the students of the Kyoto Ability Academy, leading the wolf pack there and forcing them to crush the legend stone to be eliminated. This is called all's fair in war. No matter how strong Su Chin is, if he eliminates all his teammates, he will still be powerless. Captain, your plan is brilliant. Haha. Just thinking about the students of Kyoto Superpower Academy being chased by wolves and crying for their parents makes me happy. Laughter echoed throughout the secret realm. All right, five people per team. Gather as many resources as possible and hunt monsters. If you encounter a lone enemy, just rob their storage ring. Understand? Shinyang said seriously, his smile fading. Clear. After giving his orders, Shinyong looked at the area marked as a restricted zone on the map, his eyes filled with fighting spirit. Such Chan, I will steal that shadow tree right in front of you. The shadow tree will definitely be useful to Such Chan. I'll steal it from him and then destroy it. Repaying him 100fold. At the Kyoto Ability Academy, dust god, can you give some instructions? Many students looked at Such Chun with expectant eyes. Su Chun stroked his chin and said, "Group of five, two strong ones leading three weaker ones. Try to gather as many resources as possible. Avoid fighting with monsters and conserve your strength. The Magic City Academy is probably up to something. And you, Susan, it's better for me to act alone. You guys just need to conserve your strength and don't break the teleportation talisman. See you in the forbidden area on the seventh day. He couldn't possibly act with these people. That would reduce the efficiency of killing demons. Besides, what if they try to steal the monster heads from me? Did you hear that? Do as my brother-in-law says. Hurry up and form a team. Jang Lure shouted loudly and as he spoke, many people began to divide into several teams in an orderly manner. Mushwear walked towards Su Chun and reminded him, "Be careful. That's what I'm saying to you." Such Chun said with a faint smile, then transformed into a shadow and swiftly disappeared. Seeing him leave, Mushuer turned around and said, "Do as Such Chin said, and remember to be careful of the Shanghai Superpower Academy." Okay. After leaving, Suchin looked at the divided areas on the map in his hand. The lowest area was full of third tier, firstle demonic beasts. The very center area is a forbidden zone, which is where that fourth tier first level demonic beast resides. Finally, I can go on a killing spree. He has a small goal to obtain 250,000 kill points within 7 days in the secret realm. Then we can really have a blast. And if you do it two or three more times, you can reach the special reward of 1 million accumulated kill points. Such Chan was really looking forward to the reward, but he didn't know what it would be. Ding. Special reward of 1 million kill points. Demon God Compendium. Demon God Compendium allows you to collect 12 demon beasts for enhancement and use. With the blessing of the Demon God Compendium, the bloodlines of all collected demon beasts can be elevated to demon god level. Note, some shadows can also be collected. Suchan was stunned for a few seconds after hearing the system notification, then couldn't help but curse. Damn system, you're just keeping me in suspense. This demon god compendium is another heaven-deying treasure. Although I don't know what level a demon beast with a divine bloodline is, it must be incredibly powerful. So, this is a raising a child type of relationship. Now, that's great. We can collect some awesome monsters and build a shadow legion led by them. Back then, one could command a whole army and even fight against an entire nation. Just thinking about that scene is incredibly exciting. Suchin raised his eyes, a bloodthirsty glint in them. He monsters, here I come. In order to obtain the demon beast compendium as soon as possible, we must slaughter it to the last man. 2 days later, everything appeared calm on the surface. But beneath this tranquility lay countless hidden secrets. Shadow Wolf Ridge Xiao, Have you sensed any Kyoto students with supernatural abilities approaching? Lie Xiaoan asked anxiously. We've sensed them. There are about five people a few kilome behind us. Jeang Xiao said, activating his superpower. Li Xiaoins eyes lit up. You hurry up and go. I'll lure the wolves over there. Jeang Xiao nodded and ran off in a flash. Li Xiaoan watched his departing figure, took a deep breath, and then flew into the sky. Above the sky, Lie Xiaoan looked at the cub beside the elite level bloodline wolf king at the third tier, eighth level, and a wicked smile appeared on his lips. Swift wind slash. He drew his long sword and slashed at the wolf cub. However, the attack failed and was blocked by the mother wolf king. The mother wolf was furious. How dare they attack her cubs? They deserve to die. A wo! The mother wolf queen let out a howl that echoed throughout Shadowwolf Ridge, drawing countless shadow wolves from all directions. Upon seeing this, Lie Xiaoan quickly unfolded his wind wings. Hei, a big gift for the Kyoto Ability Academy. As he spoke, he led hundreds of shadow wolves toward the students of the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy. The students from the nearby Kyoto Supernatural Ability Academy were led by Jang Luer. At this moment, he was cautiously observing his surroundings. Have you collected enough? Be careful of the students from the Shanghai Superpower Academy. Just then, he felt a violent shaking in front of him. He quickly looked up and saw a person leading a pack of shadow wolves toward them in the distance. Oh no. Quick, crushed the teleportation stone. Jang Lure shouted. That pack of shadow wolves is not something they can handle. The shadow wolves are known for their speed. They are as fast as shadows, so they have no chance of winning. Damn the Shanghai Superpower Academy. The four students were unwilling, but they still crushed the teleportation stones and helplessly withdrew from the secret realm. Jang Lur's eyes turned cold. Golden bell shield. He quickly activated his supernatural ability, and a golden bell-shaped shield immediately appeared around him, protecting him tightly within it. At that moment, he silently prayed that the wolf pack would not attack him. Otherwise, he would have no choice but to crush the teleportation stone and leave. Seeing that there was still one person left, Lie Xiaoan revealed an evil smile and took out a beast powder which he scattered from the air toward Jangl's location. The original wolf pack, smelling the beast attracting powder, became restless and then rushed madly towards Jangl. You son of a how could you be so despicable? Jang Lu couldn't help but curse. So what? All fair and war. Hurry up and crush the teleportation stone and get out of here. Lie Xiaoan laughed triumphantly, his eyes filled with mockery. You son of a Get out here and wait. My brother-in-law will avenge me. Jang Lur shouted angrily. Still counting on Such Chun. What? If he's so powerful, why isn't he coming to save you? Facing a pack of wolves, who else can you rely on? Suddenly, a dark figure appeared behind Lie Xiaoan, followed by a cold voice. I heard you were looking for me. Chapter 109. Taming the wolfpack. An eye for an eye. Li Xiaoan shuddered violently, his hair standing on end. He slowly turned around and what came into view was Su Chins handsome face with its sharp features. Ahem Susan, what are you doing here? Lie Xiaoan tried to remain calm, but his voice trembled slightly. As he spoke, he quietly reached into his robes with his other hand, preparing to crush the teleportation stone in order to escape this dangerous place. If I'm not here, wouldn't my teammates just be bullied by you for nothing? He was on his way to Shadowwolf Ridge to wipe out the Shadow Wolves, but he heard a commotion on the way and rushed over. Oh dear, what about father? What about him? Lie Xiaosan stammered, his hand already tightly gripping the teleportation stone. However, he was a step too slow. A flash of cold light appeared and the killing side swung out with a crisp crack. His entire arm was instantly severed and blood splattered onto the ground. Huh. Lie Xiaoan let out a shrill scream, his voice filled with pain and despair. You lured a pack of wolves into our team's trap, and you think you can escape and scathe. Not so easy. He grabbed Lie Xiaoan by the hair and flung him heavily into the raging pack of shadow wolves. Boom! A dull thud echoed as Liaan coughed up a mouthful of blood, his vision blurring. He had barely managed to make out his surroundings when he saw the mother wolf king, her eyes bloodshot, lunging at him like a mad woman. Without a second thought, he flapped his wings and leaped to the severed arm, trembling as he crushed the teleportation stone. Just as he crushed the teleportation stone, with a whoosh, the mother wolf king's front paw, like a sharp dagger, tore off one of his legs, causing blood to splatter. At the same time, a flash of light appeared, and Lie Xiaosan was teleported away, leaving behind only blood and mangled limbs. Suchin watched this scene with no pity in his eyes. To lure a pack of wolves into the death of one's own teammates and then dream of escaping and scathed. It was utterly delusional. Brother-in-law Wah, you were so cool when you saved the day. I'll only ever call you my brother-in-law. Jang Lure was filled with gratitude, her eyes sparkling with admiration. At this moment, a strong impulse surged within him. If he were a girl, he would have wanted to offer himself to her directly. No. Who said a man can't offer himself in marriage? Stop being sarcastic. How long can your invincible shield last? Okay, brother-in-law, are you going to deal with this wolf pack? Brother-in-law, please don't do anything rash. This shadow wolf pack is powerful and well-coordinated. I'd better crush the teleportation stone and leave. Brother-in-law, let's go. You must lead us to victory, Jang Lu said anxiously. The leader of this shadow wolf pack is at the eighth level of the third rank, and with a 100 third rank wolves, even Such Chan will have a hard time dealing with them. Such Chan made a shushing gesture. Sho, give me a minute. Jang Lure blinked, looking completely confused. 1 minute? Did he expect him to deal with this pack of shadow wolves in just 1 minute? That's impossible. Just as he was filled with doubt, the world around him suddenly changed. The area within a kilometer radius was shrouded in darkness. As if a giant black curtain had isolated the area from the outside world. A crescent moon slowly rose, radiating a cool, clear light, hanging high in the sky. The shadows, as dark as ink, enveloped everything, converging together like a black tide. In the blink of an eye, thousands of dark elemental soldiers appeared out of thin air. Led by two shadow generals, these dark elemental soldiers, like a well-trained black legion, launched a fierce attack on the hundred shadow wolves. Oh, wo! The shadow wolves roared in protest, but they appeared so small and powerless before the powerful dark elemental legion. In a single exchange, a 100 shadow wolves were slaughtered without a trace. Their blood staining the ground and filling the air with a strong stench of blood. Killed a tier three, level four enemy. Kill points plus. Killed a tier three, level five. Kill points plus. Seeing this, Jang Lure was completely dumbfounded. His mouth agape unable to close it for a long time. No, wasabi cricket. And it seems like it hasn't even been a minute yet. My brother-in-law is actually this awesome. Seeing all her people dead, the mother wolf king's eyes flashed with a frenzied rage, and she let out a deafening roar at Such Chun. Immediately afterwards, it leaped up, transforming into a black shadow and rushed towards Such Chun, attempting a final counterattack. Overestimating yourself, Such Chun directly predicted the mother wolf king's movement trajectory in advance, and several true intent shadow claws indiscriminately bombarded the sky along that path. The mother wolf leaped twice to dodge the shadow claw attack, but was still struck by one of the shadow claws. With a bang, she crashed heavily to the ground, a deep wound appearing on her back from which blood gushed out. Roar! The mother wolf king endured the pain, quickly got up, and roared at Sue Chin again. The ferocity in her eyes still unddeinished. Suchin looked down at it from his superior position. Submit or die. The mother wolf queen's face turned fierce, and she was just about to retaliate again when several wolf cubs stumbled over and surrounded her, howling incessantly. Seeing this, Suchin narrowed his eyes slightly. You wouldn't want your child to be born without a mother, would you? After saying that, he felt a little strange. Normally, it shouldn't be like this, ma'am. You wouldn't want your husband to lose his job, would you? Ahem, we've gone off topic. The ferocity in the mother wolf's eyes gradually disappeared, replaced by a pleading expression. She looked pitifully at Such Chun as if begging for his forgiveness. If you do me a favor, I won't kill you, Such Chin said calmly. The mother wolf king paused, seemingly asking what kind of help Su Chin was referring to. Youll find out soon enough. At that moment, Jang Luer also released his golden bell shield and walked over, exclaiming, "Brother-in-law, you're so handsome. Standard procedure." Jang Lu was stunned for a moment. Then, a sly smile appeared on his face. Then, Brother-in-law, I'll repay you with my body. Roll. Jang Lu chuckled. Just kidding. He then looked at the mother wolf king and asked puzzled. Brother-in-law, why are you keeping it? Doesn't the rule say that you can't eliminate anyone? It's not unreasonable for the wolf king to eliminate the opponent, is it? The Shanghai Superpower Academyy's method of attracting wolves is really too low level. Why not just subdue it and then control the wolf pack? They even had to lure in a pack of wolves. What a bunch of idiots. Moreover, by using the wolf king to eliminate the opponent, the Magic City Academy can't find any fault with the rules and can't deny it. Jang Lure gave a thumbs up. Brother-in-law, that was a brilliant move. He was furious at the thought of being lured by the other party to a pack of wolves. And now he could finally get his revenge. Stop talking nonsense. Eliminate all of them first. If you eliminate four of my players, it's not unreasonable for me to eliminate your entire team, right? Okay. Jang Lure replied excitedly. Suchin looked at the mother wolf queen and asked, "Does your wolf pack still have any members left?" The mother wolf nodded, indicating that there was. There was. All right, gather 100 or 80 men and come with me. I won't kill you after it's done. Such Chin's gaze was sharp, fixed intently on the shewolf queen. He was watching to see if she would put in the effort next. The mother wolf nodded, raised her head, and howled at the sky. Oh wo! Oh wo! The sound was long and loud, calling to the wolf pack in the distance, gathering together like a black tide. Jang Lure, ride that mother wolf king and set off, Such Chun gave the order. Jeanglu rubbed his hands together. Is it really okay, brother-in-law? Don't worry. If this Shu Wolf queen dares to resist, she'll be turned into a big chunk of meat in no time. With you saying that, brother-in-law, I'm not sleepy anymore. Jang Lur's eyes gleamed with golden light as he leaped onto the mother wolf king. The mother wolf king, intimidated by Such Chun, dared not resist. "Holy crap! Following my brother-in-laws lead to nine out of three nights of pleasure!" Jang Lure shouted excitedly. Riding on the wolf king feels so amazing. Tell me, which boy hasn't dreamed of riding a majestic wolf king? Suchin closed his eyes slightly and muttered incantations. In the blink of an eye, thousands of shadow soldiers scattered like black phantoms, searching for the students of the Magic City Superpower Academy. This combat technique, which creates shadow soldiers from thousands of troops, can be maintained indefinitely as long as the source is available. Currently, he's fine. maintaining his current position. If all else fails, just activate Eternal Knight and have Tuantoan continuously replenish the source energy with a month-long amplification. Right? The opponent dares to eliminate our team members. Then we must repay them 10fold in kind. Chapter 110 Chun is even worse than Satan and the demon pill. The secret territory. The four students from the Kyoto Ability Academy were thrown out as if by an invisible force and fell to the ground in a sorry state. had been waiting, looked at this with a puzzled expression. Did you encounter some insurmountable danger inside? No, Director Chu. The Shanghai Supernatural Abilities Academy has attracted a pack of ferocious wolves, intending to surround us. We were truly desperate and had no choice but to crush the teleportation stone. The four men, their faces filled with resentment, spoke through gritted teeth. They were filled with bitterness. Only two days had passed. How many points could they possibly have collected? The Shanghai Superpower Academy are truly cunning and despicable. Chu Xangyongs face instantly contorted with rage. Yong Tao, your academy is blatantly violating the rules. What exactly do you mean by this? He never expected that the Shanghai Superpower Academy would resort to such despicable means in order to win this secret realm competition. Yong Tao wore an innocent expression. Director Chu, our academy didn't break any rules. It was those wolves who made them feel threatened, so they crushed the teleportation stone and left. It's not our fault. Chu X Shang Yang could no longer suppress his anger, and his aura suddenly erupted. Yong Tao, stop pretending with me. He had truly reached his breaking point. This was no longer a simple matter of elimination. If a student fails to crush the teleportation stone in time, the consequences would be unimaginable. Oh, Director Chu, calm down. Sometimes using any means necessary to achieve your goals is also a sign of strength. Yong Tao remained nonchalant, showing no fear of Chu Xang Yongs anger. Even if Chu Shangyong takes action, he will have a reason to defend himself. Chu Xangyong closed his eyes slightly, suppressing the urge to take action. Just then, a blinding light shone again at the entrance to the secret realm. A figure was teleported out. The person was emaciated with only one arm and one leg remaining, covered in blood and barely clinging to life. Lie Xiaoan Yangta was stunned when he saw this person and quickly instructed the healing ability teacher next to him. Quick, heal him. The healing powered teacher hurriedly stepped forward, his hands glowing with a soft blue light, carefully tending to Lee Xiaosuins injuries. Yong Tao was filled with doubt. What exactly was going on? That bastard, he's the one who brought the beast tide. serves them right. They really shot themselves in the foot. The four eliminated students from Kyoto Ability Academy cursed loudly, finally finding some release for their anger. Although Chu Shangyong was still not quite sure what had happened in the secret realm, seeing Yong Taos humiliated appearance, his anger had subsided considerably. Director Yang, why aren't you smiling anymore? Chu Xang Yongs words carried a hint of sarcasm. Yong Tas face instantly turned as black as ink. His student had almost lost his life. How could he still be laughing? H don't be too happy yet. We have more students than you. In this battle in the secret realm, our magic city superpower academy will definitely win," Yong Tao said, forcing himself to stay calm. However, as soon as he finished speaking, the portal to the secret realm flashed with several beams of light once again. Five students from the Shanghai Superpower Academy crushed the teleportation stone and fled in a sorry state. Seeing this, Yong Tao quickly stepped forward and asked, "Why are you out so early?" The group looked agrieved as if they were about to cry. "Director Yang, that Such Chun is no human being. Could it be that Such Chun forced you to come out? The Shanghai Superpower Academy win this secret realm competition? After all, the party that violates the rules will be directly judged to have lost." No. Suchin used some strange method to control the Wolf Pack. The wolves attacked us frantically as soon as they saw us, especially the mother wolf who bit us the hardest. We were no match for her and had to escape. Those men still feel lingering fear when they recall the terrifying moment they just experienced. Do you know how they spent those few minutes? They were gathering resources peacefully when suddenly they were surrounded by a huge dark pack of wolves. That Such Chun is no human being. He's a complete devil. Yong Tao was silent for a moment, then said, "Director Chu, it seems that Su Chun from your Kyoto Academy has violated the rules." Chu Shangyong felt incredibly pleased and said triumphantly, "Director Yang, these students crushed the teleportation stone because they were surrounded by wolves and their lives were threatened. What does that have to do with Such Chun?" At this moment, he really wanted to burst out laughing. Such Chun was such a rascal. They actually used their own methods against them. Yong Tao was speechless for a moment and his hands clenched into fists so tightly that they made a cracking sound. Damn it, he shouldn't have said that. Just as he was feeling frustrated, five more people were teleported out. They were still students from the Shanghai Superpower Academy. He looked up. You were also surrounded by wolves and had no choice but to retreat. The group nodded helplessly. Yes, Director Yang. I don't know which bastard provoked Such Chun. That guy is a combination of Satan and a demon. He's inhuman. Director Yong, you have far fewer students than we do now. Chu X Shang Yong spoke with a smug smile on his face. With Such Chin around, he doesn't have to put up with Yong Tao's temper at all. Yong Tao scoffed. So what? You can't win this match. Shinyang will defeat that fourth tier first level demonic beast and take the victory directly. In this battle in the secret realm, the magic city academy is bound to win. As long as Shinyong defeats that fourth tier first level demonic beast, victory will belong to them. Let's see if he has the ability, Director Yang. We don't want him to end up getting injured instead of killing the monster. Chu Xang Yong said bluntly. Chu Xang Yong. Just you wait and see. Yong Tao said viciously. For a moment, tensions rose between the two sides, and the atmosphere was thick with the smell of gunpowder. The inner perimeter of the secret realm. Brother-in-law, 15, have already been eliminated. I bet director Yong Tao outside looks like he just ate a pile of excrement, doesn't he? Jang Lure said excitedly. Not enough. Those six in the distance. Keep going. At his command, the wolf pack surged towards the six men like a black tide. The six people also noticed the approaching wolves immediately. The leader was a student with S-level superpowers named Jean Booby. A hint of surprise flashed in his eyes. But he quickly regained his composure, and in an instant, the entire wolf pack surrounded Jang Booby and the others. Whether you get out of the secret realm or get torn to pieces by the wolves, it's up to you. Suchin looked down at the group. Jang Booby was a little confused. Wasn't this the tactic their teacher had taught them? How come Su Chun is using it and even an upgraded version? Such Chun, I'm an S-class ability user. Look at these wolves. They're all panting and exhausted. I just need to send a signal for others to come and support us and you won't be able to eliminate us. Jeang Booby said loudly, showing no fear whatsoever. If he keeps sending signals for a few minutes, what do these exhausted wolves have to fear? Suchin nodded slightly and looked at the pack of wolves. Indeed, due to the long journey and fierce attacks, the wolves were exhausted and their breathing was somewhat disordered. He stroked his chin, a sudden glint in his eyes. Towanchuan. Towanchuan flew out from the crescent moon and asked in a clear voice, "Brother, what's wrong, little Tanchuan, do you see if you can give these wolves a massive boost to restore their stamina or put them in shadow armor?" Such Chin's eyes gleamed with anticipation. He was going to conduct an experiment. First, let's see if Tantuin can amplify these monsters. Second, let's see if a large-scale amplification is possible. If possible, Towanchuin can possess and fuse with a single entity to become stronger and also amplify the power of tens of thousands of troops. That would truly be like a heer taking a plane. Incredibly awesome. Chapter 111. The headless knight of the moonshadow sacred tree. Towanchuan nodded her little head and her figure like a nimble shadow floated lightly into the sky. Dense dark elements slowly spilled from her palm. The dark element was like a healing elixir. The moment it came into contact with the shadow wolves, it instantly revitalized their previously listless state. The wolves eyes were filled with renewed vitality. Their limbs were strong and agile, majestic and full of vigor. Not only that, with a light wave of her jade hand, several dark elemental lights flashed, actually dressing several wolves in exquisite dark elemental armor. Such Chan was overjoyed to witness this scene, for Tuantoan could amplify these demonic beasts. Brother, I can't wear all the armor. Little Tanchuan lowered her head slightly. To Anuan, your level is still not high. You have a lot of room for improvement in the future. You will definitely become more and more powerful. Tuanchin blinked her bright eyes, and a smile returned to her face. Jeang Boubi, who had initially looked somewhat disdainful, was stunned when he saw the exhausted and dying wolf packs suddenly become majestic and aggressive with several wolves clad in shadow armor resembling war gods in the night. Such Chen, why are you helping these demonic beasts, Jeang Booby demanded angrily, "Mind your own business. All you need to think about right now is whether you get torn to pieces by these wolves or quickly crush the teleportation stone and get out of here." Su Chan waved his hand lightly as if giving an order to attack and the wolf pack now back to its peak condition swarmed forward. Despicable Jean Booby cursed angrily. Now everyone crushed the teleportation stones. Exhausted Wolf Pack, which they could barely put up a fight with before, has now been amplified by the dark elf and become so powerful that they are no match for them. Left with no other choice, they had to crush the teleportation stones and leave the secret realm unwillingly. brother-in-law. That was so satisfying. Jang Lur said excitedly with a smile. And also, where did you get that dark elf? Can you get me one, too? Suchin didn't hold back and gave him a hard slap in the face. Do you think dark elves are like cabbages? Something you can just come and go as you please. That makes sense. Jang Lure scratched his head, then said stubbornly. Then, can I borrow to Anuan for a few days, brother-in-law? I want to flirt with girls. Girls all like cute things like this, and I can win them over every time. Such Chan raised the killing demon scythe and said, "I'll lend it to you if you can withstand a few of my blows." Jang Lu was so frightened that she quickly backed away, frantically waving her hands. "Then let's forget it, brother-in-law. Let alone a few cuts. One cut would be enough to kill him." Suchin ignored him and turned his gaze to the wolf pack. Get lost. Although killing the wolf pack would yield a lot of kill points, he couldn't bring himself to discard them after they'd served their purpose. These wolves fought very hard in the battle just now. They can't just turn around and kill the wolves to sell them for money after the wolves helped them, can they? The mother wolf slowly knelt down on her four legs to express her deep gratitude to Sue Shan, then turned and let her pack away, disappearing into the night. Brother-in-law, what are we going to do next? Jeangl asked, leaning closer. Go and gather the men. We will meet in the forbidden area in 5 days. The forbidden area was a place he had always wanted to challenge. So naturally, he was going to venture there. "All right, brother-in-law, be careful," Jang Lure said and ran off in another direction. Such Chan stretched and yawned. The hunt continues. In the next few days, he will continue to hunt and acquire killing points. On the last day of the secret realm expiration, he will go to the Forbidden Area to have a good meeting with that fourth tier first level demonic beast. The secret territory. Jeang Booby, you were eliminated, too. Yong Tao looked at the disheveled Jang Booby in front of him, a look of surprise and helplessness on his face. It's only been 3 days in the secret realm, and 21 students from my Magic City Superpower Academy have already been eliminated. There were only 30 students participating, and more than half of them have already been eliminated. How can we compete like this? Director Yang, I can't do anything about it. Such Chin not only used the Wolf Pack to eliminate us, but he also had the dark elf restore the wolf pack strength. Originally, I could have barely put up a fight, but with that dark elf, we simply couldn't win. Jeang Booby said dejectedly. Upon hearing this, Yong Tao looked at Chu Xang Yong beside him and said, "Chu Xian Yong, isn't Su Chin going a bit too far." "Excessive? If your ShanghaiMmies didn't resort to those underhanded tactics, would we be able to learn from you?" Besides, sometimes being ruthless is a kind of strength. He used Yong Taos previous words to retort, leaving Yong Tao speechless for a moment. Yong Tao clenched his fist slightly. Don't worry, Shinyong will definitely defeat that fourth tier demonic beast and secure victory directly. Your numbers are useless. He said this, then flung his hand away angrily. The secret territory on a restricted island. The entire island is vast and boundless, roughly the size of dozens of basketball courts. The island is surrounded by a babbling river with an eerie black hue. In the very center of that small island stood an incredibly mysterious dark elemental tree, the shadow moon sacred tree. The entire precious tree was as if it had been carved from black jade with gnarled and vigorous branches. The tree canopy like an inky dome slowly unfurls in the night sky. The layers of leaves are a deep black almost purple with a faint dark glow along their edges. Hanging from the branches is the finishing touch to this precious tree. They resemble condensed dark full moons radiating a rich and pure dark elemental power. Shinyang looked at the precious tree before him, his eyes filled with excitement. Is this the precious tree? Although he was not a dark elemental ability user, the crescent-shaped moon fruit allowed him to sense a powerful and dense dark elemental force. Then, what will Su Chin's expression be when I burned down this shadow tree with my flames? He grinned, a sinister look on his face, and unfurled a pair of enormous fiery wings behind him. Crossing the river and flying towards the dark element treasure tree on the island, he arrived around the precious tree without hesitation, his hands ablaze with crimson gold flames. Blazing lion fist, he threw a punch and a majestic fire lion roared as it hurdled towards the precious tree. Boom! However, the scene he imagined of the precious tree being burned did not occur. Suddenly, a dense protective shield of dark elements appeared around the treasure tree like a black barrier, firmly blocking the fire lion's attack and slowly absorbing it. Then, beneath the precious tree, a headless knight clad in black armor, riding a black warhorse and wielding a long spear slowly emerged. "You're that fourth tier level one demonic beast, and you're a headless knight?" A hint of surprise and shock flashed in Shinyongs eyes. This fourth tier first level monster was actually a headless knight. He originally thought it would be some kind of powerful monster, but he never expected it to be such a strange being. The headless knight ignored Shinyangs words. With a long nay, his warhorse reared up and instantly appeared in front of Shinyang. The black spear in his hand was like a black lightning bolt aimed straight at Shinyongs throat. Shinyang flapped its wings and suddenly dodged backward, narrowly avoiding the fatal blow. Before he could catch his breath, the headless knight attacked again, wielding his spear like a black whirlwind. So fast. Such skillful combat techniques. Shinyang was secretly surprised. Flames blazed in his hand as he punched the spear. However, the spear instantly transformed into a black shadow shield, steadily blocking his punch. Shinyang looked utterly bewildered, beads of sweat forming on his forehead. What on earth is this? Chapter 112. Child of Light. Kong Ling Yuans limitless power technique, third level. The Headless Knight gave him the feeling of a battleh hardardened veteran who had been reborn from a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood. Before he could even think it through, the Headless Knight waved his hand, and the shadow shield in his hand transformed into a spear carrying endless killing intent, which he hurled heavily towards Shinyang. Flame shield. Shinyangs expression changed drastically, and he quickly conjured a fire shield made of fire elements in front of him. Click. The seemingly indestructible shield of flames shattered instantly like fragile glass under the impact of the headless knight's spear, sending sparks flying everywhere. So strong, Shinyang was horrified and quickly dodged the fierce attack. The headless horsemen returned to the ground. His spear swept casually across the earth, leaving behind several chilling characters. Leave this tree or you will be killed without mercy. Shinyang frowned, inwardly shocked. The headless horseman's intelligence far exceeded his expectations. The higher the realm of a demon beast, the higher its intelligence. Some powerful demon beasts can even speak human language, and transform into human form. You want me to leave? I won't leave. I'm going to destroy this tree today. Shinyong gritted his teeth, retreated to a distance, and issued a rallying signal. A red signal flares streaked across the sky, standing out starkly against the gray backdrop. He must kill this headless horseman. Killing this headless knight will not only secure victory in the competition, but also destroy the shadow tree. A win-win situation. At that time, Such Chan will only be able to sigh helplessly and lament his fate. The Shanghai Superpower Academy in the Secret Realm rushed towards the restricted area after seeing the signal mobilization order. Military Abilities Academy. Inside the arena, Jangming, the secondyear director, greeted everyone with a broad smile and loudly introduced, "Students. Today, I'd like to introduce someone to you." As soon as Ming finished speaking, the previously noisy venue fell silent, and everyone turned their attention to Ming. Jeang Ming pointed to the whiteclad boy beside him. "The Hundred Schools League is about to begin. This is Kong Ling, a prodigy who came down from Kun Mountain. He also has a resounding nickname, the son of light. He is also our secondyear league's number one player and captain. Jangming was filled with joy at Su Chin's successful skipping of grades. In front of Kong Ling, he was probably just an insignificant nobody. Hello everyone, I am Kong Lling from the Kong family of Kunlo Mountain and I am also your team leader. Kong Lling smiled slightly. From the crowd, a burly man stepped forward. I've long heard that the disciples trained by the four great families of Kun Mountain are incredibly powerful. I wonder if they can fight me today. This man is Chu Bai, a secondyear A-level superpower student at the military superpower academy. Kong Lling gave a faint smile. Of course, he transformed into a dazzling ray of light and arrived on the arena. Please. Chubai leaped onto the arena and shouted, "Please." The challenge officially began. And in an instant, a dazzling golden light burst forth from Kong Llings body, illuminating the entire arena. Golden light shimmerred in his hands. And in the sky, countless light swords sprang up like bamboo shoots after a spring rain. Thousands upon thousands, densely packed, blotting out the sun like a golden sea of swords. What? What is this? Chus face turned deathly pale instantly as countless golden light swords hurdled towards him indiscriminately. He tried to escape, but then a golden cage suddenly rose up beneath his feet, trapping him inside. Countless golden lightsabers rained down as densely as a storm of pear blossoms. I I surrender. Pressure of the sword lights. Chu by shouted out his surrender. Kong Lling slightly raised his hand, and those lightsabers vanished without a trace. He stopped and looked at the crowd below the stage. S-class ability users can also challenge me. For a moment, the arena fell silent. Everyone was stunned by Kong Llings terrifying strength, and their hearts were filled with awe and fear. How do we fight this? With a wave of his hand, he could unleash thousands of lightsabers. He was simply an invincible force, as expected of the child of light. I remember now, his power is also called the child of light. You could say he's invincible wherever there's light. This does that mean that our sophomore year has a good chance of winning the upcoming 100 universities league? More than that, even Su Chun is no match for the child of light, and light is also the counter to darkness. Listening to the praise from the crowd below the stage, Kong Ling remained calm, but a hint of disdain was revealed in his eyes. These people are nothing but a bunch of insignificant trash, and their words are nothing but worthless garbage. He leaped to Jeang Mings side and said, "I don't need any training. I just need to participate in the league." His only target was Su Shan. He didn't care about anyone else. He couldn't even be bothered to glance at a bunch of worldly trash. Jeang Ming nodded hurriedly, his face beaming with smiles. Haha, I wonder about your level, child of light. The day the league begins, the day of the fourth tier, first level, Kong Ling said calmly, then transformed into a beam of light and vanished from everyone's sight in an instant. He's only here to make a show of thanks. He hadn't forgotten his mission when he came down the mountain to defeat Such Chun and let everyone know that the disciples of Kun Mountain were the strongest. The majesty of the Kunloon Mountains is inviable. No matter how powerful you are, Mount Coun is invincible. Jangmings eyes blazed with elation and he couldn't help but burst into laughter. Haha. This time, our military team can finally win the championship. The 200 school league is an extremely rare achievement in history. You could count the number of such cases on one hand and without exception all of them won the championship. Now look what's going on. Shinyang from Shanghai and Suchin from Kyoto. Compared to the disciples trained at Kunoon Mountain, all of them pale in comparison. The seventh and final day of the secret realm showdown. Slay a tier three level 9 bloodthirsty raven kill points plus. Hearing the system notification, Suchin stretched and a satisfied smile appeared on his face. He looked at his kill points. 230,500. A hint of excitement flashing in his eyes. A whopping 230,000 kill points. That's a huge fortune. He can really improve his strength. System upgrade to tier three. Level eight. Consumed 60,000 kill points. Level up to the third tier. Eighth level. Suchin was taken aback. Wow, it's getting more and more expensive. To advance, just two realms requires 60,000 kill points. That's a considerable price to pay. Further elevate the shadow claw of the Netherpool to the true realm. After spending 40,000 kill points, the shadow claw of the Netherpool has successfully reached the true intent realm. In an instant, the true meaning of the fifth tier combat skill, Shadow Claw of the Netherpool, flooded into Su Chin's mind like a tidal wave. He closed his eyes slightly, quietly processing these insights, and a gradually excited smile appeared on his face. Awesome. The shadowy claws in the deep pool of true meaning have undergone earthshattering changes. He can't wait to try it. System. Upgrade the boundless spirit sea technique to the third level. After consuming 60,000 kill points, the spirit sea boundless technique has been upgraded to the third level. And the source energy within your body has been successfully transformed into the source river. As the system notification sound faded, Su Chun felt the source energy within his body begin to expand wildly, continuously expanding. It expanded dozens of times, and the originally sparse source energy has now become a rushing river, continuously providing powerful energy. Black Lotus of Annihilation, which was originally being nourished, received further nourishment under the wondrous changes of the source energy river and was upgraded by one petal, becoming a five pedal black lotus of annihilation. Holy crap, what a pleasant surprise, Suchin couldn't help but exclaim excitedly. It seems I can improve the boundless spirit sea technique more in the future. The benefits it brings are truly immense. Finally, Suchin spent another 40,000 kill points to upgrade the eighth tier combat skill, thousands of troops to the great perfection level. At this moment, he can summon three commander and chief generals and 3,000 shadow soldiers. At the same time, the third tier combat skill, dark bat strike, and the second tier combat skill, dark abyss demon pool, also underwent tremendous changes in their artistic conception after being upgraded to true meaning, and all of his kill points were used up. Suchin clenched his fist. I have everything I need now. How should one deal with a mage who is empowered by the Holy Grail and has maxed out his skills? Now it's time to venture into the Forbidden Zone and take on the challenge. Chapter 113. The Origin of the Headless Horsemen. Fight to the death. Forbidden Island. Shinyong looked around and was stunned to see that his team consisted of only nine people, including himself. Where are all my team members? One of the team members spoke up tremblingly. Captain, it's all that Su Chen's fault. He stole our plan and then eliminated all the students from our academy. Shinyangs face turned ashen. It's Su Chun again. He gritted his teeth and said, "It's all right. You nine will help me form a formation, and I will definitely kill this headless knight in one blow. If we kill him, we will surely win this match. As long as the headless knight is killed, everything Such Chun has done will be in vain." The team members responded in unison. Yes. Shinyang turned around and stood at the very center of the formation while the other eight people stood in his eight directions. Starfall array meteorites formed from soil and meteorites crashed down on the headless knight with the force of destruction like shooting stars from hell. The headless knight sensed the terrifying pressure and leaped into the sky. Actually using his body to block the surging meteor fireball. With a deafening roar, an incredibly powerful shock wave swept outwards from the point of explosion, causing the entire island to shake violently. Amidst the dazzling flames and billowing smoke, the headless knight gradually transformed into wisps of dark element and dissipated into the air. Shinyang was overjoyed upon seeing this, exclaiming, "It's a success." His teammates behind him cheered, "Awesome, Yong Shan. We won straight away. Haha. Now Kyoto Ability Academy has nowhere to cry. Haha. Their laughter was full of smuggness and delight. Just then, a group from the Kyoto Ability Academy rushed over. Seeing the scene before them, Mushware, who was in charge, couldn't help but frown. Could it be that Shinyong really did it? Shinyang turned around when he heard the commotion behind him. A triumphant look on his face. You're too late. I've already killed that headless knight at the fourth level, first stage. Our Shanghai Superpower Academy has won this match outright. The team members also mocked mercilessly from the sidelines. Hei, you guys eliminated our students and now you've lost, haven't you? If you're weak, practice more. Even if you have more people, you're still not as strong as us. Yong Shen Suchin can't compare to you either. Mushwear, however, raised a question that had been on her mind. But where is the body? Shinyang raised his chin and said arrogantly, "Corpse! My starfall array can't possibly leave a corpse under its defense, ignoring destruction." "You saw what happened just now, didn't you? That headless night that even Suchin didn't dare to kill. I'll kill him." Just then, Suchin arrived. "Wow, it's so lively here, brother-in-law." Jang Lure waved excitedly. Suchin walked over and asked, "What's wrong, brother-in-law? It seems that Shinyong killed that fourth tier first level demonic beast." Such Chin frowned slightly. Killed him. He was confused at first. Shinyang proudly declared. That's right. Such Chun, the one you dare not kill. I will kill. You've lost. He'll personally destroy the shadow tree later, making Su Chin kneel and beg him not to. Such Chin pointed. You mean the headless knight under that tree? Upon hearing this, Shinyang turned around and saw that the headless knight under the tree had reappeared completely unharmed. How? How is this possible? Shinyangs voice was filled with shock and fear. He had just witnessed the headless horsemen turn to ashes. So, how could he be standing here alive now? Such Chun watched with great interest as the Headless Knights detection function was instantly activated. Name: Headless Horseman Karen. Realm level, fourth tier, first level, bloodline, top grade. Attribute: Dark. The Headless Horseman was originally a powerful dark elemental general who fought valiantly on the battlefield. He perished in an epic war against an alien race. His head severed by his enemy. For centuries, endless resentment and bitterness have bound him together, transforming him into the immortal headless horsemen. The dark elemental power he possessed in life formed a symbiotic bond with the moonshadow tree of this place, binding them together in life and death, inseparable ever since. Moon shadow sacred tree. Originally a small tree with dark attributes, it was nourished by the source of dark elemental power and transformed into a treasure tree of dark elements. This treasure tree shares life and death with the headless horsemen. Its fruit contains pure dark elemental essence. In addition, this tree can draw upon the power of moonlight, and those with dark elemental abilities will experience a significant increase in growth rate when they are near this tree. Ding. Host. This headless knight meets the criteria for inclusion in the demon god register. You can find a way to make him submit in order to obtain the first great demon in the demon god register. Hearing the system notification, Such Chin's eyes gleamed with eager anticipation. We must take down this headless knight. If we can subdue him, we can also obtain the moon shadow sacred tree. With the moon shadow sacred tree, Tuanchin's growth can be increased several times over and she can also eat the moon fruit. Shinyong, however, was furious. M. I can defeat you once, and I can defeat you a second time. Come on, help me get going. At his command, the eight people around him moved again, preparing to repeat the operation they had just performed. Jang Lu nudged Su Chun with her elbow. Brother-in-law, should we interrupt them? No need. They can't kill this headless horseman. Destroying the tree is the only way to kill the headless horsemen. You've gone in the wrong direction. Hearing Su Chins confident words, Shinyang became even more furious. Starfall. This time, the formation was quickly completed, and the golden meteorites that appeared in the sky were even larger than before, hurtling towards the Headless Knight. The Headless Horseman was clearly enraged this time, and it swung its spear. In an instant, more than a dozen identical clones appeared out of thin air, like a group of black ghosts, and charged toward the huge meteorite. One impact, two impacts, three impacts. Dozens of impacts rang out in succession, and the huge meteorite was actually scattered, turning into countless sparks that fluttered down. How is that possible? Shinyangs legs went weak, and he collapsed to the ground. The Headless Knight was so powerful that it exceeded his understanding and imagination. The Headless Knight's spear flew rapidly across the ground, writing, "Leave this island or die." Immediately afterwards, he thrust his dark elemental spear into the sky, and a black light shot up, piercing through the thick clouds. A crescent moon slowly appeared in the sky, casting its cool moonlight. The moon shadow sacred tree shone even brighter under the moonlight, and with it came a powerful, suffocating pressure that spread out. The moment this pressure was unleashed, everyone in the audience except Su Chan involuntarily submitted and knelt down. Run! This bastard is no match for us. Wow, this headless knight has something going on with the tree. Many people panicked and hurriedly fled the island. Jean Lure also spoke up. Brother-in-law, hurry up and run. That headless knight and that precious tree can still use the power of the moon. That's too unfair. They couldn't even get a scratch. Apart from Such Chun, none of the others could stand up. Suchin smiled and waved his hand. What a pity if they leave. Why not fight them instead? Only by winning can we have the opportunity to subdue it? and only then can we obtain the moon shadow sacred tree. Shinyang scoffed, wishful thinking. I can't even defeat you, Such Chen. He's at the third rank, ninth level, and he's using a nineperson formation. How could Such Chun at only the third rank, sixth level, possibly defeat him? Moreover, this headless knight is unsolvable. Such Chun is bound to lose. Such Chun raised his eyes, a disdainful smile flashing in his purple eyes. You may be a piece of trash, but that doesn't mean I'm trash, too. Chapter 114. The twin moons soaring in the sky gain a slight advantage. Such Chun, be careful of this headless knight. He is incredibly powerful. Mushweer warned worriedly. She witnessed firsthand how Shinyang unleashed two powerful array attacks only to have them disappear without a trace, causing no harm whatsoever to the headless knight. Don't worry, I never fight a battle unprepared. Such Chan said with a faint smile, "Don't be so sure you don't end up on the ground crying and begging us to save you." Shinyangs words were full of sarcasm, he forced himself to leave the island, his steps unsteady, enduring the oppressive atmosphere. There's going to be a good show soon, he thought. Such Chun ignored Shinyangs sarcasm. The best way to retaliate against someone who mocks your inability is to prove them wrong with your strength. Such Chun, be careful in everything you do," Mooer whispered again before leaving the island with Jang Lu. Once Su Chun has made up his mind, no amount of persuasion from anyone will work. After they left, Such Chin's aura suddenly changed, and he felt the surrounding pressure as if he were in his own water. He slowly turned around, his demonic sighthe of slaughter pointing directly at the headless knight. "How about we make a deal?" Such remained calm under the oppressive aura. The headless knight was startled and wrote four words on the ground with his spear. What deal? It's simple. Let's have a fair fight. If I win, you'll submit to me and I'll even help you find your lost head. If I lose, my dark elemental power will nourish your moonshadow sacred tree. How about it? Defeating the headless horsemen is far from enough. This headless horseman was born out of endless resentment and bitterness. And the root of his resentment must be his lost head. Only by offering a deal and then conquering it with absolute power will it willingly submit. The headless knight was terrified. How could the person before him know what he had been searching for for a thousand years? It paused for a moment to think, then suddenly thrust its gun into the ground. With a loud boom, the ground was pierced, dust flew up, and sand and stones flew everywhere. Within that deep pit, a dark battle helmet emitted a dense dark element with faint black mists swirling around it. The headless knight used his lance to lift the helmet and put it on his head. In an instant, a pair of scarlet eyes appeared from within the helmet, eerie and sinister, as if they could see into people's hearts. How did you know what I'm pursuing? You don't need to know that. I'm just asking you. Are you going to accept this deal or not? The headless knight hesitated for a moment, then brandished his spear. Very well. Fight me. Its shadowy waror reared up and nighade its four hooves off the ground, galloping rapidly towards Such Chun. Seeing that it agreed, Such Chun smiled with satisfaction. "Come on, let's fight." He slammed his fist into the ground, shattering the earth and revealing the deep pool beneath. This time, the dark element in the pool was so dense that it was almost tangible, and it was also mixed with a strange scarlet color. a trivial skill. The headless horseman and his shadow steed leaped high into the air. However, from the dark pool, countless ghostly claws as thick as tiger legs suddenly shot out and grabbed at the headless knight. Seeing this, the headless knight was only slightly taken aback before making a decision in an instant. In an instant, dense dark elements surged wildly, forming a smooth mirror-like shield in front of it, keeping the ghostly claws out. The ghostly claws gripped the shield with muffled thuds, but couldn't penetrate it even slightly. Sorry, this is my true artistic conception. As soon as he finished speaking, all those ghostly claws merged together to form an enormous ghostly claw two or 3 m thick. With a mere flick of its claw, the enormous ghostly claw shattered the shield, sending it breaking into countless fragments of dark element. The headless knight and the shadowy warhorse were also grabbed by this enormous force and slammed into the ground about to be dragged into the demonic pool. This is the transformation of the true realm Netherpool shadow claw, the fusion of the ghost claw. As the saying goes, a single chopstick is easy to break, but a bundle of chopsticks is unbreakable. The combined ghost claw is much more powerful. The headless knight reacted swiftly, decisively stepping onto the back of the shadow warhorse and using its strength to quickly break free from the control of the shadow claws. It looked back, still shaken, at the horse that was gradually turning into wisps of dark element under the erosion of the demonic pool. He has some ability. You flatter me. Please continue. Suchan didn't pause for a moment, giving the headless knight no chance to catch his breath and unleashed shadow claws one after another. The Headless Knight swiftly conjured a shield in his left hand and gripped a spear tightly in his right, preparing to defend himself while approaching Suchun. However, after withstanding just one claw, several cracks appeared on the shadow shield with a crack. Such powerful destructive force. The Headless Knight thought to himself in amazement. Two more shadow claws struck, and with two loud booms, the shield shattered into countless pieces, scattering on the ground. The headless knight had not yet approached Su Chun, its mind filled with confusion. Why was this young man's dark element so strange? The destructive power is truly astonishing. Keep in mind that it possesses the strength of a fourth tier, first level cultivator, while this young man in front of him is only a third tier, eighth level cultivator transformation into countless forms. The headless knight roared and wildly swung his shadow spear. As it danced, black after images appeared. Each one exactly the same as the original. In the blink of an eye, one, two, dozens, and hundreds of headless knights surrounded Such Sean, forming an impenetrable encirclement. I admit, you are strong, but you are not worthy to be my master. With a swing of his lance, the headless knight unleashed a horde of headless knights that charged towards Such Chun like an unstoppable black tide. Comparing numbers? You're still too green. Suchin's lips curled into a disdainful smile as he pointed to the sky. When the eternal night appears, a thousand armies will march forth. In an instant, two moons appeared in the sky above the entire secret realm. On the ground, countless shadows surged and quickly coalesed into 3,000 shadow soldiers and three shadow generals riding war horses. They were clad in black armor and wielded long swords like demons emerging from hell. Kill. At Such Chin's command, 3,000 shadow soldiers and three shadow generals charged towards the hundreds of headless knights like tigers descending a mountain. Amidst the flashing blades and deafening battle cries, the hundred headless knights were already covered in wounds and scars after just one charge. Again, another charge ensued. Although the hundred headless knights were formidable, they were no match for the 3,000 shadow soldiers and three shadow generals. In the end, they were transformed into wisps of dark element by the flashing swords and disappeared into the air. The real Headless Horseman witnessed this scene and was shocked, remaining silent for a long time. It simply couldn't understand why this young man had so many tricks up his sleeve. It quickly retreated to the moon shadow sacred tree, which swayed slightly, casting rays of dark elemental light that instantly healed its injuries. Then it transformed into streaks of shadow and instantly appeared in front of Such Chun, slashing forward with its spear. Such Chan was not afraid at all. That suits me perfectly. He wielded the demonic side of slaughter which clashed with the spear. A crisp clang rang out, and Such Chan felt a tremendous force surge through him, causing him to involuntarily take two steps back. "TK! TK! It seems I'll have to learn a technique to increase my strength, too." Suchin remarked, "Don't get distracted." The Headless Knight seized the opportunity and thrust his spear repeatedly, aiming straight for Su Chin's vitals. Such Chun flashed away, using shadow flash to retreat 10 m, easily avoiding the Headless Knights attack. A decent person like you wouldn't want to engage in hand-to-hand combat. Such Chin's lips curled into a wicked smile, and then he activated the fully mastered Netherworld. nine slashes. Six dark beams of light slashed out from the slaughtering scythe. The headless knight hurriedly raised his spear to block, and the first beam struck the spear, causing it to tremble slightly. The second slash followed immediately, forcing the headless knight back several steps. A third beam of light struck again, and the headless knight's body swayed until the last three slashes shattered the shadow spear in his hand, breaking it in two with a crack. Several meters away by this powerful force. Why is this boy so strange? The headless knight looked puzzled and was filled with doubt. The attack felt like it had boosted its power two or three times over, but it didn't see Su Chin use any amplification combat skills. It shook its head, and a dark elemental spear materialized in its hand. Once more, let's fight again. It refused to believe that Su Chin's third tier internal energy could maintain such a high intensity of attack. Chapter 115. Subduing the Headless Knight and taking the moon shadow sacred tree. Outside the island, everyone stood frozen in shock, their faces filled with astonishment, unable to recover for a long time. What the heck? My brother-in-law actually won. Did you see that? That's my brother-in-law. Jang Lure shouted at the top of his lungs. Mushwearer was speechless, but she had no intention of refuting it. Such Chun had become much stronger again. Shinyang clenched his fists. As fellow SS level ability users, why was Su Chin's dark ability so abnormal? Where does that terrifying destructive power, that overwhelming force, come from? How could Such Chin suppress that terrifying headless knight? Could it be that Such Chin also has the ability to suppress me? The moment the thought crossed Shinyongs mind, he shook his head violently. No, absolutely not. Such Chun is definitely no match for the Headless Horsemen. With the Moon Shadow Sacred Tree supporting it, the Headless Knights energy was simply no match for Such Chen's. He can only hold out for a few more moves and last a little longer. Hey, Shinyong, are you underestimating my brother-in-law again? H, what I think is none of your business. Hey, I really can't control it, but my brother-in-law will beat that headless knight to a pulp in a minute. Then you'll be sorry. Shinyangs lips curled into a mocking smile. Ridiculous. With the aid of the moonshadow sacred tree, the headless knight is practically invincible. Such can only win if he can destroy the moon shadow sacred tree. Even his flames, which ignore defense, couldn't break through the moon shadow sacred tree's defenses. So, it was even more impossible for Suchin to do so. My brother-in-law can definitely do it. If he can't, I'll give my sister to Such Chan. Everyone, it's been so long since I've had such a satisfying fight. The headless knight's eyes gleamed with excitement. Suchin frowned with the blessing of the moon shadows sacred tree. This headless knight was practically an unkillable cockroach. For a full half hour, every time he gets injured, he runs to the moonshadow sacred tree to recover. Who can stand that? It seems I have no choice but to use my trump card. The whole thing is falling apart. Tuantoan flapped its wings and asked with a puzzled look, "Brother, what's wrong? Go move that moonshadow sacred tree to the crescent moon where you reside." Such Chan pointed to the moon shadow sacred tree in the distance to Ananchuin's eyes lit up instantly when she saw the moon shadow sacred tree and she excitedly flew towards it. Amir Brad dares to try and take away my moonshadow sacred tree. What a pipe dream. The headless knight scoffed disdainfully, his voice filled with contempt. However, when Tuantoan flew to the Moonshadow Sacred Tree, something strange happened. The Moonshadow Sacred Tree not only did not resist, but gently swayed its branches to welcome Tuanchuan s arrival. Towanchuan blinked, stretched out her little hand, and with a gentle wave, the dark elements in her hand fell like snowflakes, enveloping the entire Moonshadow Sacred Tree. In the blink of an eye, the moon shadow sacred tree transformed into a dazzling ball of light and together with Tuantoan flew into the crescent moon on the back of Su Chin's hand. The headless knight stood there dumbfounded, watching as the sacred moonshadow tree he had been guarding was taken away by a tiny little thing. It could clearly sense that its connection with the moonshadow sacred tree had been severed by a force. Just then, Such Chun, wielding the demonic side of slaughter, hovered above the headless knight's head. Submit or die, you have no other choice now. Towanchuin is the darling of the dark elements of heaven and earth. Do you even know how valuable the darling of the dark elements is? Simply put, it comes with the dark element succubus attribute. The headless knight hesitated for a moment, then slowly lowered the shadow spear in his hand, knelt on one knee, and said, "I am willing to submit." Suchin had used Tuanchuin to remove the moon shadow sacred tree from the beginning. The headless knight would have fought with all his might even at the cost of mutual destruction. But now Such Chun used this move only after proving his strength and the headless knight was completely convinced of his defeat. Such Chun breathed a sigh of relief. A huge weight lifted from his heart. Finally, we subdued the Headless Knight. Mission accomplished. However, where the Headless Horsemen will live in the future is a real headache. the demon god compendium yet so I can'tt include the headless knight in it to Ananchuan Suchin called softly little Tanchuin flew out from the crescent moon tilted her head and looked at Such Chan with a puzzled expression Such Chan pointed at the headless knight and said see if you can get this headless knight into your crescent moon dwelling too. Such Chan had observed carefully before and found that the crescent moon where Tuantoan lived was actually a miniature world. In that world, Such Chun had absolute control, and he wasn't worried at all that the headless horsemen would cause trouble. Because in this crescent-shaped little world, Su Chun can decide the life and death of all living beings with a single thought. Tuantoan nodded, and with a gentle wave of her little hand, the headless knight transformed into a ball of dark element, which she easily brought into the crescent moon. In that miniature world, the moon shadow tree took root a new, its branches swaying gently, emitting a soft light as clusters of creatures danced merrily on the tree. The headless horsemen silently slipped into the darkness, guarding their little world. Suchin watched this scene with a relieved smile on his face. This is really not easy. Once we obtain the demon god register, we will officially include the headless knight in it. Moreover, with the Moonshadow sacred tree, Towanchuan's cultivation level will definitely be greatly improved. Around the Moonshadow sacred tree, dark elemental creatures will grow faster. This trip to the secret realm was absolutely a steal. Not only did they subdue the Headless Horsemen, but they also obtained the moon shadow sacred tree. Suchin snapped out of his thoughts and with a flash, he quickly left the island. As soon as I left, I saw a group of people waiting there. Brother-in-law, you re amazing. Not only did you subdue the headless horsemen, but you also uprooted the moonshadow sacred tree and took it with you. That was absolutely incredible. Jang Lure ran over excitedly, looking at Such Chun with admiration. Stop bragging. Such Chan waved his hand, looking calmly at Shinyang. If I say you're trash, you have to accept it. If you're not convinced, let's see how many moves you can withstand. Shinyang lowered his head slightly, his heart filled with mixed emotions. How could he possibly disagree? Everything Such Chin accomplished was beyond his reach. Suchin's strength has far exceeded his expectations. Such Chan possesses both the destructive power that does not belong to the dark element and the suffocatingly powerful force. Even the Headless Knight whom he couldn't defeat was easily subdued by Such Chan. Thinking of this, Shinyang gritted his teeth, raised his head, and said, "In the Hundred Schools League, I will fight you fair and square." After saying that, he crushed the teleportation stone in his hand and disappeared from everyone's sight. Suchin chuckled, turned to the others, and said, "Shall we go too?" Everyone nodded, crushed the teleportation stone, and left the secret realm. The outcome is now decided. Only Mooer stood quietly in place, remaining silent for a long time before slowly crushing the teleportation stone in her hand. A complex mix of emotions welled up within her. Suchin strength was growing ever stronger while she herself was being left far behind. This disparity left her feeling somewhat lost and confused. Secret realm Chu Bayang and Yong Tao were already waiting anxiously, pacing back and forth. Suddenly, a flash of light appeared at the entrance to the secret realm, and several figures flew out from inside. Yong Taos eyes lit up, and he rushed to Shan Yang. Shinyang, did you kill that fourth tier first level demonic beast? Shinyang opened his mouth, but for a moment he didn't know how to answer. A hint of embarrassment appeared on his face and his eyes flickered uncertainly. Yes, there are. Jang Lure interjected with a grin. Upon hearing this, Yong Taos face beamed with a smug smile. Haha, as expected of Shinyong. I knew you could do it. But it wasn't Shinyang who killed him. It was Su Chun. Jang Lure quickly added. Yong Tas smile froze on his face instantly. What? It's actually Su Chun. Chapter 116. Even mortals can slay gods. What? You actually think your shinyang can beat that headless knight? Jeanglu said with a light laugh, arms crossed. In his view, the weak should be mercilessly mocked by the strong. This is the law of survival in this world. Moreover, if we don't mock the weak, how can the weak be motivated to become stronger? This is also one of the ways to help them. The difference in quality is immediately apparent. Yonga's gaze instantly fell on Shinyong. Is what he said true? If you can't do it, how could Such Chin possibly succeed? Shinyang is at the ninth level of the third tier, while Such Chun, if he remembers correctly, is only at the sixth level of the third tier. To cross five major levels to defeat a fourth level, first stage demonic beast, is simply a pipe dream. Shinyong lowered his head slightly. Yes, I didn't manage to do it. Su Chin succeeded. His tone was full of bitterness and helplessness when he said this. Yong Tas body jolted. He had actually anticipated that Shinyong might not be able to do it. But he never expected that Such Chan would actually do it. In both matches, the Magic City Academy suffered a crushing defeat and was utterly powerless to fight back. Such Chin single-handedly turned the tide of battle twice. It has to be admitted that Such Chuan is truly too monstrous. At this moment, a surge of intense anger welled up within him. He really wanted to find the person in charge of freshman admissions and question them about why they hadn't admitted Su Chun to the Shanghai Superpower Academy. If that's the case, Su Chin will be the pride of their Shanghai Superpower Academy. Director Yang, we have a slight advantage in this secret realm competition, Chu XY said with a beaming smile. Such Chin strength must have increased significantly in the past week in this secret realm. Otherwise, he would never have been able to defeat that fourth level first stage demonic beast. Yong Tao snorted. Humph, don't be too smug. People are coming from the sky. This year's 100 schools league champion is not your Kyoto, nor our Shanghai, but Jun Wu. At this moment, Su Chan was also teleported out. Upon hearing Yong Tao's words, a look of confusion appeared on his face. What does it mean that someone came from the sky? Chu Xang Yangs originally joyful expression turned serious as he explained. The person from the sky refers to a disciple sent down the mountain by a reclusive family from Kunoon Mountain. And that disciples goal is to defeat you, Such Chun. Without a doubt, it's because Such Chin's attainment of Golden Bones broke Kung Loon Mountains prophecy and offended their authority. That's why Kunlo Mountain sent a disciple down the mountain to have a duel with Su Chun in order to restore their authority. Moreover, for over a hundred years, the disciples from the Kun Mountain school have never been defeated. always crushing their opponents with overwhelming force. However, this time the situation seems a little different. It's hard to tell whether the peerless prodigy Such Chun is more powerful or the Kun Mountain disciple known as the son of light is stronger. All I can say is that this battle will be extremely difficult. Let them come. It'll be good for me to see just how powerful those people called heavenly beings really are. Such Chenzai showed no fear. Fear impossible. Fear is the shackles of the weak. Courage is the wings of the strong. I have to admit, Such Chun, you are indeed a prodigy. But for the past 100 years, the disciples who descended from Kun Mountain have been called gods who descended the mountain because they absolutely crushed the geniuses of our mortal world. And you will most likely not be able to escape this rule either, Yonga said directly. The people under the Kun Mountain sect are all selected through multiple rounds of screening. Their strength is extremely powerful, precisely to ensure absolute victory. Suchin chuckled lightly. Is that so? But even mortals can slay gods. For a h 100red years, the disciples of Kun Mountain have always crushed the worldly geniuses. This year, he is determined to break this pattern and defeat the so-called god who has descended the mountain. Yong Tao laughed. All right, all right. If you really have this ability, Such Chan, then I, Yong Tao, am willing to be your slave. This wasn't sarcasm, but his true feelings. He also longed to see the day when worldly geniuses defeated the disciples of Kunloon Mountain. This shatters the rumor that once a disciple of Kun Mountain appears. All worldly geniuses become as weak as dogs. All right, then it's a deal. Director Yang. All right, let's put that aside for now. Shu Xanyong interrupted. Director Yang, you're not going to go back on the bed, are you? No, it's only 10 chances to cultivate in the sacred pool. I can't absorb much anyway, Yong Tao said nonchalantly. Even if Su Chan were given all 10 chances, he could only absorb a maximum of 50% of the dark element Holy Pool essence, which would be harmless. Chu Xang Yang and Chu Xining exchanged a glance, both suppressing their laughter. They knew he'd be crying soon enough. I won the bet with Director Yang, and I get 10 chances to train at the Holy Pool in Shanghai. How do you want to allocate them? Shu X Shangyong asked the group from the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy. Give it to God Su. We're a bunch of lazy bombs. Let God Su use it first. Yes, Director Su Chun got the MVP. Let him use all 10 chances first. That's right, director. It would be best to give all 10 chances to Sue Shun and let him cultivate fiercely to that so-called god who came down the mountain. Everyone chimed in with their own words, their eyes filled with admiration and respect for Such Chun. They truly admired Suchun immensely. awakening for only 30 days and he can crush those who have been awakened for over a year. How can such talent and strength not be admirable? Of course, they've been unhappy with the title of gods who descended the mountain for a long time. Why should someone who descended from Kun Mountain be called a god, but no one has ever been able to defeat the disciples who came down from Kun Mountain? This year's Such Chun may be the only glimmer of hope to break this long-standing curse. Such Chun, why don't you use those 10 chances first? Chu Xany Yong said with a smile. Then I won't stand on ceremony. Suchin readily accepted. They drained an entire sacred pool in one go. I wonder if the sacred pools in Shanghai are enough to satisfy their thirst. All right, let's have an encore. Let's head back to Shanghai first. Shu Xang Yong gave the order and the group prepared to return to Shanghai. Kyoto Lee family residence. Under the gloomy sky, the luxurious decorations appeared somewhat sinister in the dim light. My dear sister, so what if you're their biological daughter? Mom and dad still listen to me. Leian wore a mocking expression, a smug smile playing on her lips. Disgusting. Lie Chingqing closed her eyes slightly, a look of disgust on her face. Sister, you're so rude. I heard you're bringing some random guy home for the family dinner in 3 days. What guy would dare get close to you? What business is it of yours, you worthless thing? Get out of my room. Tsk tsk. My sister is really fierce. It's a pity that she has such a beautiful face, but she has to marry a centinarian. Li Yinian Wuan said sarcastically, a hint of Shod and Freuda flashing in her eyes. Liingqing clenched her fist. You deserve some credit for this, right? She had never understood why she was chosen. But now she had a hunch that it was most likely Lie Yian who was behind it. So what if it was me? I just embellished it a bit. Is it because my parents found me, their biological child, and you as the adopted child are ostracizing me? Yes. So, sister, I had no choice in the matter. Please don't blame me. Lie Yin Wan spoke insincerely, but there was not a trace of remorse in her eyes. Chapter 117. Powerless Lee Chingqing agrees to a dinner party. Lie Chingqing stood up angrily and slapped him across the face. The crisp sound of the slap rang out abruptly in the room. Stop with that fake act of yours. It's disgusting. A bright red handprint quickly appeared on the Yen's fair face. She covered her cheek and said in disbelief, "I called you sister out of respect, and you dare to hit me. Not only do I dare to hit you, but if you don't get out of here, I'll kill you today. I'm so scared, sister. I'll make you pay for that slap a 100fold." Lean Juan curled her lips into a sinister smile, turned around, and swayed as she left the room. Watching her departing figure, a deep sense of powerlessness surged into her heart like a tide. She slowly slumped into the chair, staring blankly ahead. Although she was found and became the eldest daughter of the Leaf family, this so-called identity did not bring her any happiness or care. Instead, she was used as a tool to be sacrificed and exploited. She took out her phone, her gaze fixed on the chat interface with Sue Chun, and remained silent for a long time. Finally, she sent a message. Accompany me to the Lee family's dinner party in 3 days. It's the once- ina decade auction following the 100 schools league. I'll get you what you want in exchange. This is the dark element holy pool which is even larger than the Kyoto Superpower Academy. Yong Tao said with some pride when Such Chin goes in later. It would be amazing if he could absorb 50% of the dark element holy pool essence in 10 chances. Then I want to taste it to see if it's salty enough. Su Chin's eyes lit up. Both Tuantoan and the Headless Knight need dark element essence. Last time there was only one group. This time there's a headless knight. That speed was unimaginable. Okay, you can go in now. Yong Tao waved his hand generously. Suchin excitedly scured inside. Upon entering the sacred pool area and descending the ancient steps, Su Chin saw the enormous dark element sacred pool. The pool was full of dark elemental essence emitting a thick black mist that made Su Chin's mouth water. Wow, it's full. 99% complete. What a rare find. Suchin couldn't help but exclaim. Touanchuan, headless knight, come out. Suchin called out loudly. In the blink of an eye, Tuanchuan appeared in the sacred pool with the headless knight. Brother, what's wrong to Anuan and you headless knight? The dark elemental essence in this sacred pool is yours to absorb to your heart's content. Rich dark element essence beneath her feet to Anuan like a fish seeing water couldn't wait to start absorbing it frantically. The essence of dark elements was being continuously absorbed into her body as if she were being drawn into a black vortex. Headless knight, what are you standing there for? Hurry up and absorb it. I have some questions for you. Such Chen's words. The headless knight also jumped into the sacred pool and began to frantically absorb the essence of dark elements. Headless horsemen, do you remember your past life? I don't know. I only remember that my head was taken away by the demons and the purpose of my existence is to find my head. If I find your head, will you become even stronger? Meaning, upon hearing this, Suchin secretly thought that there was no rush. He could go to the ghost clan later when he was stronger. I wonder how powerful the headless horsemen would become after we find his head. Besides these, do you not remember anything else? Like anything about the universe? Such continued to press. I don't remember. I only remember my head. Suchin was speechless. No wonder he could become the headless horseman. His resentment about finding his head was too deep. Absorb this well and serve me diligently from now on. I promise you'll get your head. Suchin started to promise the headless knight a lucrative job. After all, you have to give a new employee a little something in return before he'll work harder. Yes, sir. The headless knight replied respectfully, then focused intently on absorbing the essence of dark elements. Such Chan ignored the two of them and opened the panel to check his accumulated kill points. 795080/100W. Currently, as long as you acquire another 210,000 kill points, you can accumulate 1 million kill points and obtain that the demon gods register. Then Suchin glanced at the time again and was shocked. There were only 3 days left until the day he had agreed to go back to the Lee family with Lee Chingqing to attend the banquet. The purpose of this trip to the Lee family is to find out why Lee Chingqing married the old man. Secondly, the auction held once every 10 years after the 100 schools league is said to have many good items. If you don't go, you won't get what you want. Just as I was pondering this, Tuantoan's voice suddenly rang out, "Brother, you finished absorbing it." Such Chan was stunned for a moment and exclaimed in amazement as he looked at the empty sacred pool. Holy crap, you guys absorbed all the dark element essence worth 500 million in just 10 minutes. Looking at Tanchuan again, her cultivation level had reached the sixth level of the second stage. She had also grown taller to about 130 cm, and her appearance was even more adorable and delicate, like a fine porcelain doll. If those Licon fans saw this, they would definitely be mesmerized and unable to move. The Headless Knights strength also increased by one level, reaching the second level of the fourth tier. Such Chan rubbed his hands together. If this happens a few more times, Towanchuin might be able to break through to the third tier. Overwhelmed with excitement, Such Chan turned and left the sacred pool, heading outside. Outside the sacred pool, several students from the Kyoto Ability Academy were gathered together, discussing the matter. How long do you think it will take for Susan to drain the essence from this sacred pool this time? 20 minutes. That should be about right. I remember it took him half an hour last time. I think it will take about 30 minutes. The sacred pool in Shanghai is larger than that in Kyoto. Yong Tao frowned and walked over. What are you talking about? Oh, we're guessing how long it will take Su Chan to drain the essence from the sacred pool before he comes out. A student from the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy said calmly. Yangta was taken aback. Are all the students in Kyoto so calm when they're bragging? Drain the sacred pool? That's utterly absurd. Nonsense. How could Such Chin possibly drain the sacred pool? Yong Tao said with a serious expression. As long as Su Chun is still a human being, it's impossible for him to be drained dry. Director Yong, You don't believe me, do you? Chu Xang Yong said with a wicked smile, let alone draining it in such a short time. Even if I gave Su Chin a few more chances, he still wouldn't be able to drain the essence from this sacred pool. This is the largest sacred pool in our magic city. How could it be drained so easily? Director Yang, I heard you're going to give me a few more chances. That's wonderful. Suchin heard this wonderful news as soon as he came out. Director Yang is a good person after all. Yong Tao was stunned. It's only been 10 minutes. How come you're out already? Oh, I drained the essence from the sacred pool, so I came out. What? You're saying you drained the sacred pool dry? Chapter 118. This child, not a single glimpse of his future can be seen. What's wrong, director? Is there a problem? Yong Tao looked incredulous and without saying a word, took off running towards the sacred pool hall. Upon entering the hall and stepping onto the stairs, his gaze immediately settled on the empty sacred pool. The once full was now completely devoid of water. Yong Tao felt a sudden darkness before his eyes and froze on the spot. 10 minutes to drain the sacred pool dry. Is this really something a human being can do? Only now did he realize that Chu Shang Yang had made so few demands and had been suppressing a laugh. It turns out that Su Chun possesses such terrifying absorption ability. One chance is enough to drain the essence of an entire pool. If you give him 10 chances, that's 10 sacred pools. One pool of essence is worth nearly 500 million. 10 chances would amount to a huge fortune of 5 billion. If Such Chan continues to inhale this, he won't even be able to keep his position as director. Thinking of this, Yong Tao hurriedly turned around and ran out. As soon as he stepped out of the hall, he saw the students of Kyoto Ability Academy with gloating smiles on their faces. Yong Taos lips twitched uncontrollably a few times. Feeling both angry and anxious, he suppressed his anger, looked at Su Shan, and pleaded. Su Chun, even if I'm begging you. Please give the remaining opportunities to other students. Okay. Director Yang, this is a bit difficult, Su Chin said, a troubled look on his face. Yong Tao gritted his teeth and made up his mind. Such Chun, I promise I will definitely get you the opportunity to cultivate in the sacred pools of the military academy, Guang Wu Academy, and Beayu Academy when I have time in the future. Is that all right? He couldn't suffer a loss alone since he wanted to get rid of Such Chun. He could only ask Jan Wu, Guang Wu, and Be Wu to suffer in return. Anyway, they had no idea that Su Chun was using inhuman methods of absorption. Upon hearing this, Suchin coughed twice. Ahem. Director Yang, I'm really looking forward to your good news. Superpowermies, Jan Wu, Guang Wu, and Beay Wu are known as the five major superpowermies along with Kyoto and Modu. Their shadow holy pool must be quite large. Don't worry, even if it costs the academy some resources, I will definitely get you a chance." Yong Tao patted his chest. "Director Yong, you've become naughty, too." Chu Xang Yong couldn't help but tease him with a laugh as he watched the scene unfold. Yong Tao sighed helplessly. There was nothing he could do. Such Chun that is in outrageous. He is now truly convinced of his abilities, but he also harbors some resentment. Resentment that he is not a student at the Shanghai Superpower Academy. All right, Director Chu, I won't go back with you. I plan to kill some monsters in the demon cave here in Shanghai to improve my strength. Since we won't be able to visit the bloodbull demon cave in Kyoto anymore, this time we'll head to the golden flamed giant scorpion demon cave near Shanghai. Try to get 200,000 kill points within 3 days. Take down the demon gods register and then go to keep my appointment with Li Chingqing. All right, kid. Be careful. There are still 10 days until the hundred schools league. You'd better prepare well. Your opponents are from Kunoon Mountain. Shu Xangyong instructed. Okay, director, I'm off. He left in a hurry, and his figure quickly disappeared from everyone's sight. The Kunloon Mountains are shrouded in clouds and mist. In a quiet courtyard, there is an antique chessboard. Kong Wean looked expectantly at the old man with a long beard and an air of otherworldly wisdom in front of him. Zhuga Zhong Shan. Brotherhua, could you please predict the fortune of my grandson Kong Ling on this trip down the mountain? Zhua Zhong Shan nodded slightly, closed his eyes, and concentrated, a faint, strange light emanating from his body as he used his special ability. Just a few seconds later, his expression suddenly turned serious and his brows furrowed tightly. Very bad luck. Kong Wayan was stunned. A terrible calamity. How could that be? In this world, who would dare to harm a member of the Kong family? Zhuga Zhong Shan gently shook his head. The purpose of your grandson going down the mountain is an ominous sign. The objective is extremely dangerous. Kong Wayan muttered to himself. Doesn't that mean that Kong Llings chances of survival in the battle against Su Chin are slim? This result shocked him immensely. Zhuga Jong Seans extraordinary abilities combined with the Zhua family's ancestral techniques meant that his predictions of fortune were never wrong. Indeed, I'm afraid Kong Lling is no match for Such Chan. Impossible. My grandson Kong Llings photonic ability is invincible as long as there is light. How could Suchin possibly have a chance of winning? Kong wayan said emotionally, unable to accept this fact. Zhua Zhong Sean sighed softly. I have already calculated the result for you. Believe it or not, it's up to you. Kong Wean remained silent for a while, seemingly trying to calm himself down. After a moment, he spoke again. Brotherhuga, could you help me predict Su Chins future trajectory? I'm really worried about him. Ven, it's not that I don't want to help you, but this divination technique consumes a lot of my lifespan, and I can't use it lightly. A third tier Such Chun who hasn't fully matured won't take much of your energy. When the time comes, I will give you a hundred-year-old willow heart to help you recover your vitality. Zuga Jong Shan thought for a moment and finally nodded. All right, I'll give it a try. In fact, he was also very curious about Su Chan s future and took this opportunity to speculate on it. His divination technique consumes more life force the stronger the person he is divining. But Such Chun is currently only at the third level, so he shouldn't consume too much life force. Juga Jong Xan closed his eyes slightly, muttered incantations, and slowly moved his hands in the air, performing a divination technique while simultaneously using his own special ability, destiny. As the spell was cast, Such Chin's face gradually appeared in his mind. However, when Zuga Jong Shan tried to glimpse Su Chin's future through his face, he only saw a blank screen. Zhuka Zhong Shan was startled. Why is this? Even with a 10th tier expert, I can see a glimpse of their future. But why is Su Chins vision blank? Just as he was puzzled, a furious shout suddenly rang out. Roll, puff. Zukaong Shan felt a powerful force suddenly impact his body, threatening to shatter his internal organs. He couldn't help but spit out a mouthful of blood, which splattered in the air and landed on the chestboard. Blood also began to flow from his seven orififices, and he instantly aged many years, looking decades older. His body swayed precariously, and he almost couldn't stand up. Brotherhuga, what's wrong with you? When Kong Wayan saw Zhua Zhong Shan suddenly become like this, he hurriedly stepped forward to support him. Zhua Xhong Xans lips trembled as he said in a weak voice, "I can't see even a sliver of a future for this boy. This simulation consumed dozens of times more lifespan than the simulation of a 10th tier expert. Why is a mere third tier kid so terrifying? It seems there's only one possibility. That is Such Chin's future is not something these trash can possibly glimpse. Upon hearing this, Kong Wayan panicked. Brotherhuga, are you kidding me? You actually failed in your divination? This is the first time. Is Suchin really that uncanny? Zuga Xan shook his head weakly. This is the will of heaven. He left the chessboard. Kong Wean watched Zhua Jhong Seans departing figure and fell into deep thought. Could it be that the emperor predicted by Zhuang was not from Kun Mountain? Instead, it was Suchin. Chapter 1197 star fate unless he is a god. The first ancestor of the Zhuga family left a prophecy that within 10 years a son of heaven would appear in the dragon kingdom, leading the people to counterattack the demon cave and completely eliminate the enormous threat posed by the demon cave. Initially, before Su Chin appeared, he thought that the emperor was most likely a member of theQin family. However, Such Chin sudden emergence made his thoughts begin to waver. After much deliberation, he called Kong Ling. When the call connected, Kong Llings slightly puzzled voice came through. Hey, Grandpa, why did you suddenly decide to call me? Kong Wayan asked gently, "Linger, are you doing well at the military academy?" "It's all right, but there's no one around who can spar with me. It's really boring." As expected of my Kong family's grandson, Kong Weighan praised him first. Then his tone suddenly became serious. Linger in the hundred schools league a week from now. If you face Such Chun, remember to give it your all. You represent the prestige of Kun Mountain. And this match cannot be lost. If Kong Ling loses the match, it will not only be a loss of personal face, but also a loss of face for secular disciples. Kun Mountains prestige and dominance in the eyes of the people will plummet. how strong Su Chun is. Kong Lling absolutely cannot lose. Sir, why are you so nervous? It's just Su Chun. What's the big deal? Kong Ling said nonchalantly. Linger, do not underestimate your enemy. If necessary, you can use the secret techniques passed down through my Kong family. Kong Wean repeatedly instructed. Kong Lling scratched his head. What's wrong with Grandpa today? Why would they value Su Chin so much? Even going so far as to allow themselves to use the Kong family secret techniques. If the secret technique is used, then Such Chan will have no chance of winning. Grandpa, I understand. Yes, this match is a must-win. No defeat is allowed. Kong Wayan added, "If you have the chance, bring back a drop of his essence blood." After giving these instructions, Kong Wean hung up the phone. The purpose of extracting his essence and blood was, of course, to determine Su Chaness fate. The Zhuga family possesses a mysterious destiny stone. By dripping one's blood essence onto it, one can determine a person's destiny which is divided into seven levels. A one-star white light destiny represents an ordinary person while a three-star blue light destiny signifies a benefactor. The six-star golden light destiny represents the emperor. Of course, there is also a seventh level, the seven stars black light destiny which represents the unknown. However, so far neither the six-star nor the sevenstar destiny has ever appeared. We don't know what level Su Chin's destiny is at. It would be good to test it to confirm whether he is the emperor, who is prophesied to save the dragon kingdom. Looking at the phone that had already been hung up, Kong Lling felt that her grandfather had been acting rather mysteriously today. Although Su Chun is quite strong, is it enough to make Grandpa so wary? When the match starts, he'll unleash 10,000 lightsabers to see how Su Chin will respond. Inside the golden flame giant scorpion demon cave, an atmosphere completely different from that of the bloodbull demon cave immediately struck. The sky was a somber yellowish brown, shrouded in a thick layer of dust. The entire terrain resembles a vast desert rift valley, desolate and terrifying. Such Chun ventured deeper and deeper, passing through the first, second, and third levels. But he saw almost no golden flame giant scorpions, let alone a single human figure. A sense of doubt welled up in his heart, and he muttered to himself, "Strange! Where have all these people gone?" It wasn't until he reached the fourth floor that Such Chin finally saw a group of people gathered there. He quickly stepped forward, patted a man on the shoulder, and asked, "Hey, brother, why isn't there a single person or the golden flame giant scorpion on these first three levels?" The man named Lulu turned around, looked Such Chin up and down, and laughed. Young man, I can tell you're not from around here, are you? Suchin nodded. I came from Kyoto, hoping to see what this place is like. Could you tell me about this demon cave? Of course, no problem. Our golden flame giant scorpion demon cave is different from your bloodbull demon cave. The ancestral scorpions of the golden flame giant scorpion always move in groups, and their territorial defense awareness is extremely strong. Usually, a group of golden flame giant scorpions would come out together to drive away us outsiders. In order to hunt them, we also formed groups to fight against them, and it was a back and forth battle, Lulu explained patiently. In this golden flame giant scorpion demon cave, solo action is impossible. Only by relying on the strength of a team with a group of people fighting against a group of scorpions is there any chance of survival. If they have more powerful fighters, they can fight at a deeper level. If the golden flame giant scorpion has more powerful fighters, they might be driven back to the first level. Upon hearing this, Su Chin's eyes lit up. Wasn't this the perfect spot prepared for him to farm kill points? He loves seeing huge waves of enemies. That's the most satisfying way to grind them out. There must be several hundred people here now. What are you all doing gathered here? Suchin asked curiously. Young brother, you don't know this. We're waiting for a fourth tier expert to lead us in the charge. waiting for a fourth tier expert. That's right. We just discovered that there are nearly a thousand golden flame giant scorpions in the distant desert led by a golden armor giant scorpion with a strength of the fourth tier second level. We're now waiting for a fourth tier expert to arrive and lead us in a major battle against them. In this kind of confrontation, it's all about kings versus kings, generals versus generals. They don't have any fourth tier experts yet, so they can only wait. Only when a fourth tier expert arrives will they have the strength to fight the golden flame giant scorpion. Just as Su Chan was about to respond, he heard a panicked cry from afar. Run. The golden flame giant scorpion is charging at us. Following the urgent warning from the pathfinders ahead, many people turned pale instantly and hurriedly prepared to run towards the third floor. Little brother, run. Well fight back when our fourth tier experts arrive. Lulu shouted back to Su Chun as he ran. However, Such Chun remained unmoved. Thousands of golden flame giant scorpions. That was a huge amount of kill points. Instead of fleeing with the crowd, he walked forward. "He alone can form an army." "Young man, are you crazy?" Lu shouted anxiously. "This young man looks so young. Why is he so foolish? Could it be that his wife ran off with someone else and he couldn't think straight?" Jean Han, the legion commander of several hundred men responsible for maintaining order during the evacuation, saw Su Chan walking in the opposite direction and quickly stepped forward to grab his hand. Young brother, don't go. It's not too late to counterattack after our fourth tier experts arrive. Such Chin turned around and calmly said, "Thank you for your kindness. I am confident I can handle it." Jean Han was taken aback, thinking to himself, "What nonsense is this kid talking about?" He looked at Su Chon, who was at most 18 years old and at most at the second level of strength. To take down a thousand golden flame giant scorpions by himself is simply a pipe dream, unless he has nearly the strength of a fifth tier cultivator. Young man, are you really not planning to leave? Jean Han asked again. No, uncle, you should go now. Don't worry about me, Suchin urged. He really didn't want the golden flame giant scorpion's head to be stolen. He hated people who stole heads the most. Commander Jeang, let's go. Don't worry about that kid. The team members behind him urged, "That's right. If that kid is capable, then he's really strong. If he's not, then he's just a hot head. Never mind him. If he insists on going, let him go." In this den of demons, death is a perfectly normal thing. In their view, Such Chun was so young that his cultivation level must not be high. Want to fight against a thousand golden flame giant scorpions? Unless he's a god, it's absolutely impossible. Chapter 120. The northern expedition begins. The battle of Shashibbo, Jean Han said in a deep voice. Young man, take good care of yourself. Staying would undoubtedly mean certain death. And although he was the Legion commander, how could he do something so foolish as to seek his own demise? He headed towards the Vortex Gate, preparing to escape. Just then, the entire swarm of golden flame scorpions surged out from the depths of the desert like a tide. The dense black red scorpions were terrifying. Suchin stared curiously at the golden flame giant scorpion clan. These giant scorpions were enormous, about the size of a small car, and had a strange human head growing on their bodies. At the head of the scorpion swarm was a majestic golden armored giant scorpion. Its body is covered with a hard golden carrapase. Its long scorpion tail, like a whip cast in gold, is curled behind it, and its stinger is dark gold. Name: Golden Armored Giant Scorpion, Golden Flame. Race: Giant Scorpion Type. Bloodline level elite realm level fourth tier, second level. Note: The Golden Flame Giant Scorpion armor comes in five colors: gray, silver, gold, black, and red. The higher the color, the stronger the armor. Boy, why don't you avoid me when you see me? Gen Yian asked. Suchin raised his eyes with neither civility nor arrogance. Why should I avoid you? Gene Yin snorted coldly. You overconfident brat. I'll start with you. This time I'm going to drive your human race back to the first level. He wants to drive the human army back to the first level and send them back to the surface. With that, it swung its tail forward with a sudden thud, and thousands of giant golden flame scorpions, each the size of a small car, surged towards Such Chun like a raging torrent. Such Chun stretched his limbs. A thousand. That's enough to fill a gap between my teeth. He closed his eyes and in the blink of an eye, eternal night descended. The twilight sky, its cold light casting a long shadow. The night, like a giant curtain, quickly enveloped the desert within a 2 km radius. In the desert, countless dark elements like lively sprites, frantically gathered together, instantly forming 3,000 shadow soldiers and three third tier eighth level generals. Jin Yen was stunned when he saw this. What? What is this thing? It thought to itself, "No, who is bullying the weaker one by the larger group?" Jean Han and over a hundred others who were evacuating suddenly turned around in astonishment when they saw the sky suddenly darken when they saw the shocking scene before them. Almost everyone stopped in their tracks. What? How can there be so many shadow soldiers? Could it be that the boy created them? Holy crap. I know who that boy is. He's the famous Such Chin from Kyoto, the God Sue. I'm so lucky to have witnessed a god's battle. Mom, I'm amazing. 666. I thought he was just a green horn, but I didn't expect him to build an army all by himself. Looks like I'm a complete idiot. Jean Han stared at all this, remained silent for a few seconds, and was filled with emotion. This was not just a god, but even more powerful than a god. He was blind to the great man's worth. A bunch of low-level soldiers. Watch me wipe them out with a wave of my hand. The golden armored giant scorpion roared angrily, slamming its forlims into the ground. A powerful force spread out like a shock wave, instantly blasting away a large number of shadow soldiers like fragile pieces of paper, turning them into nothingness. It looked at Su Chan smuggly and provocatively said, "Kid, aren't you going to make a move? You You're not worthy. Come and see the second stage of my summoning." Out of command, Tuantoan and the Headless Knight appeared before everyone, and the second phase of the Legion officially began. Headless horsemen, this is your first battle. The Headless Knight nodded slightly and rode his black warhorse toward the golden armored giant scorpion. The dust kicked up by his hooves filling the air. Tuantoan, activate the amplification for the Shadow Legion. Suchin commanded. Tuanchuan nodded obediently and with a wave of her little hand, hundreds of shadow soldiers instantly dawned black shadow armor, greatly enhancing their strength. The Headless Knight received a significant boost from Tuantoan, making its aura even more powerful, like a war god descending. This is just the beginning of the legion. His legion will become even more powerful in the future. One person can raise an entire demon's lair. It's not impossible. Damn it. The mighty golden armored giant scorpion felt utterly humiliated to have to fight against the opponent's summoned creature. Don't get distracted. The headless rider reminded him and thrust his spear out suddenly. The golden armored giant scorpion hurriedly raised its large pincers to defend itself. But with a crisp crack, its golden armor was pierced through by a single spear thrust, scattering fragments everywhere. The headless knight was stunned for a moment, secretly surprised. When did he become so strong? It closed its eyes and carefully sensed the power, only to discover that the power of the Eternal Knight had doubled its strength. No wonder Such Chin summoned Shadow Soldiers were so powerful in the secret realm. It turns out it was because of the power of Eternal Knight, and it was fortunate enough to enjoy the benefits of this wave of power, so strong. The golden armored crab was filled with shock. They were both at the fourth level, second stage. So why was the other party so powerful? Again, the headless knight's figure flashed, conjuring more than a dozen clones that, like black phantoms, all charged toward the golden armored giant scorpion. The golden armored giant scorpion was forced to retreat steadily, utterly powerless to fight back. Its wounds multiplied, and blood stained its golden carrapase. Brothers, charge. Kill these stinking scorpions. From the crowd behind them, someone shouted and everyone's blood boiled. They all prepared to rush forward and hunt down the golden flame giant scorpion. Su Chins eyes turned cold and he held the death scythe horizontally, declaring, "Those who overstep die." When I was facing the swarm of scorpions alone at the beginning, they chose to run away. Now that they see I have the upper hand, they want to come and steal my kill. There's no such thing as a free lunch. You think you can't die with me and still want to steal my head? Then go talk to my killing scythe. The group of people looked at each other blankly at a loss for what to do. Their faces showing embarrassment. Young brother Su Chun, what's this all about? Jean Han stepped forward. I can handle these thousand giant scorpions myself, so I won't trouble you all for help. Killing one less giant scorpion means losing hundreds of kill points. He's not here to do charity. Commander, some people behind him were getting anxious. Seeing this, Jean Han raised his hand and shouted, "Everyone. No one is allowed to cross the line. Who can be blamed? Isn't it their fault for choosing to run away and not trusting Suchin in the first place?" Such turned around and said, "Let's end this." A massive dark elemental pool slowly formed in the desert. Countless enormous ghostly claws emerged from the demonic pool, dragging the swarm of golden flame scorpions into it. In a short while, the Golden Flame Giant Scorpion turned into a pile of white bones and disappeared without a trace. Ding! Killing a tier three eighth level golden flame giant scorpion has increased your kill points. Ding! Killing a tier three nine-fold golden flame giant scorpion has increased your kill points. 10 minutes later, the Headless Knight roared and thrust his spear forward, blasting the golden armored giant scorpion off its horse with a single blow to the head. All the thousand golden armored giant scorpions are dead. Suchin's lips curled up slightly, revealing a satisfied smile. Awesome. Killing them in huge groups was incredibly exhilarating. This wave alone has yielded 84,050 kill points. A few more waves and we can get the myriad demon manual. We obtain the myriad demon scroll. The shadow legion will be significantly enhanced. Unfortunately, it's unknown whether there are still a large group of golden flame giant scorpions waiting for him to kill. Behind him, a group of people stared at Su Chun in disbelief. One person taking down a thousand golden flame giant scorpions in 10 minutes. Is this the strength of the number one person in the Dragon Kingdom this generation? Young brother Such Sean, would you be willing to help us clear the sandstone fortress at the entrance to the fifth level in the north? There are nearly 2,000 golden flame giant scorpions inside. Jean Han stepped forward, a hint of expectation in his eyes. The sandstone fortress was recently built, making it easy to defend and difficult to attack, thus preventing them from entering the fifth level. They had tried to find fifth or sixth tier experts to attack. But the other side would also send fifth or sixth tier experts to defend. However, under normal circumstances, the strongest guards in Sandstone Fortress are only a few fourth tier level three golden armored giant scorpions. A few? 2,000? Is there some kind of trap here? With 2,000 golden flame giant scorpions, we can get at least 100,000 kill points. The demon god ranking is in the bag. No, the strongest ones inside are several fourth tier triple-layered golden armored giant scorpions. Please, brother Such Chun, lead us on the northern expedition. We will absolutely advance and retreat together and kill the enemy without holding back. Jan Han quickly assured him. Only by defeating the golden flame giant scorpion in that sandstone fortress will they have a chance to enter the fifth level. Suchin pondered for a while and decided that going wouldn't be a loss. He wasn't really confident about defeating 2,000 golden flame giant scorpions and several tier four triple golden armor giant scorpions. But even if he couldn't win, he could still escape and scathe. Moreover, Jean Han also assured that they would stand together through thick and thin without reservation. As for whether it's true or not, well observe it later. If it's true, then there's nothing more to say, and we'll fight the enemy together. Bringing them along will increase our chances of winning. If it's fake, then don't blame him for turning his back on you. All right, since that's the case, then let's raise an army. Let's launch a northern expedition. Chapter 121. The siege begins. Jean Han turned around excitedly to the legion members behind him. Everyone, let's join Su Chun in the northern expedition and break through the obstacles ahead. Brothers, God Su is magnanimous and will forgive and forget. From now on, we must follow in his footsteps and launch a northern expedition together. Yes, we didn't believe Sushin just now, but we must give it our all and live up to his trust. Suchin remained calm, his heart undisturbed as he looked at the confident crowd before him. Their words may be impassioned, but when it comes to a life or death situation, the fragility of human nature might make them run away faster than anyone else. Don't waste time, Commander Jeang. Take me to Sandstone Fortress now. Jean Han nodded quickly, Brother Su Chun. Come with me. A large group of people set off, the yellow sand beneath their feet kicking up clouds, heading towards the distant sandstone fortress. Sandstone Fortress. Inside the sand and stone palace, which is built from mud and yellow sand. Reporting to King Golden Horn, there is a human army of about 200 people 10 km away, the highest of whom has reached the 10th level of the third rank. They are heading towards our sandstone fortress. Should we notify the experts on the fifth floor to provide us with support? Golden armor giant scorpion golden horn frowned, its huge pincers making a clicking sound. A legion? What about gen? Didn't I send it to drive that legion away? Lord Jin Yen is dead. Jin Xiaos pupils constricted sharply. What? Dead? There were clearly no fourth tier experts in that team. How could Jin Yen be dead? Your Majesty is right. There are indeed no fourth tier experts in that legion. However, there is a man in that group named Such Chun. His summoned creatures are fourth tier level, too, and they can even form a shadow legion that wiped out Lord Jin Yan's army. The subordinate reported in detail, his voice tinged with fear. As Jin Xiao listened to his subordinates report, his eyes burned with fury. Damn humans, they killed my fifth brother. I will not rest until I avenge him. Then its eyes hardened. Notify the remaining five scorpion generals to return to Sandstone Fortress immediately. I will personally kill that human such chun to avenge my fifth brother. Yes, sir, the subordinate replied, then cautiously asked. Sir, should we also notify the experts of our clan on the fifth floor? In the past, when humans sent fifth or sixth tier powerhouses, they would always call for reinforcements in advance. This is why Sandstone Fortress has survived to this day, thus preventing humans from reaching the fifth level. With only a fourth tier, second level summon at most, do I really need to ask a fifth level expert from my clan for help? That would only highlight my incompetence. No need. Its five scorpion generals are all at the fourth level, third stage. Although one of them died, there are still four left. Four against one, they could easily crush that tier four, level two summon. Moreover, its sandstone fortress has just been replenished with 3,000 golden flame giant scorpions. A legion of 200. They could be wiped out with a wave of the hand. It wanted to personally cut off Su Chun s head and hang it in front of the sandstone fortress gate to pay tribute to its fifth brother. Yes, your majesty. I will immediately go and inform the other officials to return. His subordinates hurriedly left, their footsteps echoing in the empty hall. Golden Horn snorted. Human, this trip will surely ensure you don't leave alive. 2 hours later, a rocky slope far from sandstone fortress. The wind and sand howled, making it impossible to open one's eyes. Brother Such Chun, that sandstone fortress is just over there. Jean Han pointed into the distance. Suchin looked up and saw that the sandstone fortress was a small city made entirely of rocks, lust, and sand, standing firm in the wind and sand. The very center of Sandstone Castle is the vortex that leads to the fifth level. Tsk tsk, these golden flame giant scorpion clan members are pretty smart. Then he asked the system in his mind, "Brother system, how many kill points do I need to upgrade to tier 4, level one?" Ding. Only 200,000 kill points required. Such Chin was silent for a while. It seems that upgrading from the third tier 10 level to the fourth tier one level requires more killing points. After hesitating for a moment, Such Chin asked again, "What about improving the thousands of troops and horses skill to perfection?" Ding. Only 150,000 kill points needed. Suchin's lips twitched. Was it because his 80,000 kill points weren't enough? System. Raise your cultivation level to the third tier, 10th level. Before the big battle, we should definitely try to become as strong as possible. Having consumed 80,000 kill points, the host has successfully advanced to the third tier, 10th level. In an instant, Such Chan s aura suddenly changed, reaching the 10th level of the third rank. Now his chances of taking down this sandstone fortress by himself have increased even more. Brother Such Chun, what do you think we should do in this battle? Jean Han leaned over to discuss it. Such Chan stroked his chin. Are you sure there are 2,000 Golden Flame Giant Scorpions in here? When engaging in team battles, it's essential to understand the enemy's troop strength, right? Knowing yourself and your enemy is the key to victory. Confirmed. This morning, I sent out scouts to observe about 2,000 of them. The strongest among them were the five golden armored giant scorpion brothers. You killed one of them not long ago, leaving four golden armored giant scorpions at around level three of the fourth rank. Jean Han explained in detail. In that case, I'll send one person to test the waters first. If this is indeed the distribution of strength, then you can come and support me. If this is truly the distribution of strength, then he is confident that he can take down this sandstone fortress by himself. Brother Such Chan, is this really going to work? Jean Han asked with some concern. Four fourth tier triple-layered golden armored giant scorpions are not something Such Chin can handle alone. Don't worry, I alone can command an army of thousands. After saying that, Such Chan used a shadow flash to quickly approach the sandstone fortress, leaving only a blurry after image. Upon seeing this, Jean Han immediately ordered, "Everyone on alert. Send a small team to scout each direction except the north. This terrain is too advantageous for the golden flame giant scorpion. It absolutely cannot be surrounded." "Yes, commander." On a sandstone fortress wall, Golden Horn grinned as he watched the dark figure rapidly approach. "It's finally here." Without hesitation, its golden scorpion tail shot up high, yelling, "Die!" The tip of the golden scorpion's tail behind it lit up, and greenish purple venom shot out like a deadly laser beam with a sharp whistling sound. Suchin raised his eyes, a hint of confusion flashing in them. "We've been discovered." He easily dodged it with a swift movement while the green venom directly pierced and corroded the ground. Your Such Chun, the one who killed my fifth brother. Jin Xiaos voice was filled with anger and hatred. Suchin looked puzzled. How did this golden armored giant scorpion know his name? So, it seems their whereabouts have been exposed. In that case, let the killing begin. Chapter 122, the climax. One/shocks the entire arena. So, what if it's me? Suchin stared directly at Jin Xiao without fear. So what? Today I'll take your life. The scorpion tail behind Golden Horn trembled violently, emitting a chilling squeak. Below the sandstone fortress, countless golden flame giant scorpions attacked Su Chin frantically. Such Chin's expression hardened. Towanchuan merged. A black light flashed and in less than a few seconds, Tanchuan and Su Chin successfully merged. Such Chun unfurled a pair of enormous wings, soaring into the sky like a black demon god, fluttering in the gale. Oomph, so what if you can fly? I can still shoot you down. The densely packed, golden armored giant scorpions raised their tails in unison, spraying out green venom like a torrential rain, attacking Such Chun in the air and drawing deadly arcs in the air, bullying the weak with numbers. Sorry, that's what I'm supposed to do. Such Chin's lips curled into a cold smile. The eternal night began and darkness enveloped everything. A vast army was summoned. The headless knight was also summoned amidst a cloud of black mist. Surged towards the golden flame giant scorpion on the ground like a black torrent. The great war has begun. No wonder you were able to kill my fifth brother. You do have some strength. Unfortunately, this sandstone fortress will be your death ground today. Take a look behind you. Just then, Su Chan heard a pitiful cry for help coming from behind him. Help! Huh? I can't beat this fourth tier opponent at all. W! We're surrounded. We can't get out. Damn it. I knew I shouldn't have come on the northern expedition. Suchin looked back and saw that the 200man army was being forced to his vicinity by three fourth tier level three golden armored giant scorpions along with thousands of other golden armored giant scorpions like an iron barrel. Suddenly, they found themselves surrounded by the enemy and their situation became extremely precarious. Moreover, the gates of Sandstone Fortress were wide open, and a continuous stream of golden flame giant scorpions swarmed out, completely blocking their retreat. "Brother Such Chun, were surrounded." Jean Han struggled to approach Such Chun, his face full of helplessness and anxiety. "I know," Suchin said calmly. The moment Jin Xiao called out his name, he knew he would be surrounded. However, at this moment, he felt an overwhelming excitement. The situation was still under his control. Such Chan, it's all your fault for bringing us here. Quickly find a way to get us out of here. Yes. They insisted on launching the Northern Expedition. Now look what happened. Get us out of here. Enough. Jean Han quickly spoke up to stop him, then looked at Su Chan with guilt. Brother Su Chan, I'm sorry. This is my fault. Such Chan just grinned and swung the killing demon side in his hand. Puff, puff, puff. with several muffled thuds. The blades pierced flesh, and those who had been complaining were instantly cut into several pieces, blood splattering everywhere. You're the ones who ordered me to lead this northern expedition, and you're the ones who put on such nice words. Now you're blaming me. Keep going. I don't mind killing you all first, then dealing with these scorpions. He had anticipated this situation. After all, people's hearts are unpredictable. The reason I brought them here is, of course, because if someone likes dogs barking, killing them will earn me kill points. Keeping someone who begs for a share of wealth and glory, but stabs you in the back when it's time to die is just a waste of air. This strike instantly stunned the entire audience. The hundreds of people were so frightened that they swallowed hard and dared not utter another word. Jean Han looked at Such Chan with a complex expression in his eyes. The decisiveness and ruthlessness of this young man were truly astonishing. Everyone, now is not the time for complaints. Only by fighting together can we have a chance of survival. As Jean Han spoke, he resolutely charged into the swarm of scorpions, wildly slashing with the large knife in his hand. Those who had been there before also came to their senses and picked up their weapons to fight back fiercely. Such Chan, look at you humans. So scheming and filthy. Golden Horn mocked. None of your business. Such Chan replied coldly, then looked at the headless knight. Hold off the three- four tier triple-armored giant scorpions behind me. I'll take down this golden horn first. The headless knight was slightly taken aback, inwardly thinking, "Wasn't I supposed to fight three against one?" But he didn't say anything. He simply rode his warhorse and charged towards the three golden armored giant crabs behind him. "You, a mere tier three, level 10, want to take me on oneonone? Try it and you'll see." Such Chan flapped his wings violently and in the blink of an eye, he gripped the killing demon scythe and slashed a golden horn. "So fast," Gene Xiao exclaimed in surprise and quickly used his pincers to defend himself. However, the moment the killing scythe made contact with the pincers, a crisp crack was heard, and the pincers were cleaved open with a huge wound, their hard shells shattering into pieces. "It's a natal spirit weapon." Golden Horn's eyes were filled with shock and an ominous premonition welled up in his heart. This must be a natal artifact, otherwise it couldn't possibly be so powerful. You only realize that now? Too late. The demon pool appeared and a giant ghostly claw reached out from the pool, grabbing Golden Horn and immobilizing it. Shadow Sword dance. Dozens of shadow swords circled around him before simultaneously attacking Golden Horn. Sword Shadows flashed. Caught off guard by this series of attacks, Golden Horn roared, "Damn Brat." It swallowed a flame crystal with difficulty. As the flame crystal entered its stomach, golden flames immediately erupted from its body, and its whole body was covered with a layer of golden crystal as if it were wearing a sturdy armor. Break. With a sudden burst of strength, the golden horns pincers severed the ghostly claw, allowing it to break free. Such Chun, I admit you have some skill, but this is my home turf. With a sudden jolt, Jin Xiao unleashed a massive tornado of flames which surged towards Such Chun like a giant red dragon, igniting the air and creating a hissing sound. So what if it's your home turf? I Such Chun will still crush you. With Shadow Flash activated, he dodged while instantly appearing in the sky. With a raised hand, countless black shadow claws emerged from the void, crashing down towards Golden Horn like giant black pythons, creating a deafening roar. The Golden Horn, which was originally encased in crystals, had its outer shell shattered under the attack of the shadow claw, and countless dark elements corroded its body like venom. Characteristic erosion is on full display here. The destructive power of dark element. How could it be so? Golden Horn was filled with confusion. The destructive power of dark elements was comparable to that of lightning. Moreover, this dark element is like a bone deep ailment, constantly eroding its defenses and causing it unbearable pain. Why is this human youth so powerful? Harah, even if it means death, I will wipe out your soldiers completely. Golden pincers plunged into the ground. A massive fire tornado appeared in the center of the shadow soldiers like a giant vortex, engulfing a large group of shadow soldiers and shredding them into strands of dark element. The shadow soldiers, who had initially held the advantage, were suddenly overwhelmed by the golden flame giant scorpions counterattack, and the situation took a sharp turn for the worse. Suchin's eyes turned cold, his purple pupils slowly shifting. Whether I live or die, I don't know, but you deserve to die. Instant shadow killing formation. Chapter 123. The Headless Knight returns to his position in the heavendefying demon god chronicle. Dozens of dark shadows appeared around the golden horn, each holding a curved blade and rushed towards the enormous golden horn. Harah, Such Chun, you killed me today, and my three remaining brothers will never let you go. They will definitely avenge me, idiot. I'll kill you first, then I'll kill them. Suchin activated his instant prison shadow killing array. Countless black after images flashed by, and under this terrifying attack, Golden Horn was directly cut into countless pieces. Blood splattering everywhere. It didn't even have time to let out a final scream before it died. Phew, this is really difficult to solve. Such Chun breathed a sigh of relief. Across three major levels is still somewhat difficult, but fortunately, the result is satisfactory. He slowly turned his head, his gaze sweeping across the battlefield. The Shadow Legion, ravaged by the fierce fire tornado, had dwindled to few members remaining. On the other side, there were over a thousand golden flame giant scorpions, including three that were at the fourth tier, level three. Seeing this, Suchin narrowed his eyes slightly and fell into deep thought. Should we use a pedal of the world destroying Black Lotus to test its power? You should know that his biggest trump card right now is this terrifying world destroying Black Lotus. Just then, Jean Han, covered in blood and staggering unsteadily, walked over. Su Chun, I'm so sorry. I'll cover you. you run. His eyes were filled with guilt. He had let Such Chin down. If Such Chan hadn't insisted on the northern expedition, how could they have ended up in such a desperate situation? Susan, run. You are the pride of our dragon kingdom. You cannot die. Yes, we're all in our 50s or 60s. It's worth dying to protect you. Several voices rose and fell, their faces showing a resolute determination to die. The outcome of this battle seemed predetermined. with no chance of victory. Their side had less than a 100 people plus Such Chun, while the opposing side had over a thousand golden flame giant scorpions as well as three powerful enemies at the third level of the fourth rank. The only thing they could do was to make amends and let Su Chin live? You killed my elder brother and you think you can get away? In the distance, the three brothers, Jinmu, Ginu, and Gin Shuer glared angrily, their eyes burning with hatred. They swallowed the fire crystals together and flames erupted from their bodies, transforming the crystals into armor that clung tightly to their entire bodies. Brothers, avenge our leader. Keniki threw out a deathmatch scroll which quickly unfurled in the air and covered the entire battlefield system. What kind of scroll is that? Such as curiously as he looked at the scroll. Ding. Deathmatch scroll. Only by killing the user of this scroll can you leave this deathmatch area? Suchan almost laughed. 666. This is the first time I've seen someone so eager to die. Such Chan, I'm sorry. We've hurt you. Jean Hans eyes were filled with despair and sorrow. He knew about this deathmatch scroll. The only way to escape this area was to kill the person using the scroll. Such Chan just killed Golden Horn, which must have consumed a lot of source energy. Now he's preparing to deal with those three powerful fourth tier level three enemies, which is undoubtedly a situation with no chance of winning. You've harmed me. They're the ones who should be trembling. Since that golden armored giant scorpion is so eager to die, then let them have their wish. Suchin flashed into the air, saying, "I can only leave here by killing you, right? That's right. You can't beat the three of us by yourself. Today, we'll chop off your head and use it as a punching bag." Keniki's face showed a wild smile. He had just witnessed Su Chin use almost all his trump cards to kill their eldest brother, and the three of them were no weaker than their eldest brother. Such Chan chuckled lightly. Headless knight, come back. You've worked hard. The headless knight was filled with rage. He had been ganged up on and couldn't possibly win. Now that Su Chan had summoned him back, he turned and left somewhat reluctantly. What? You think you can take on the three of us by yourself? With your few trump cards? Keniki sneered. You know nothing about my trump card? Suchin closed his eyes, his body surging with source energy, and the five-pedal black lotus of annihilation slowly detached itself from the source energy river of annihilation appeared. An aura of utterly terrifying destruction swept across the entire area. That's a spiritual treasure. Jimmu's face was full of shock. He was shocked. How could this person, who was only at the third level, be able to forge spiritual treasures? Moreover, he seemed to have seen this magical treasure in the magical treasure encyclopedia. It seems to be that legendary 12th grade world destroying Black Lotus. Die. Such Chan was about to use the world destroying Black Lotus when he suddenly heard a system notification. Ding. Congratulations, host. You have accumulated 1 million kill points. The demon god compendium has been issued. Such Chan was slightly taken aback, only then realizing that he had 140,000 kill points, just enough to reach the accumulated 1 million. A hint of surprise flashed in his eyes as he retrieved the world destroying Black Lotus and took out the demon gods manual. Headless horsemen, heed my command of annihilation cannot be used unless absolutely necessary. So, let's see if the demon gods register is up to par. The headless horseman was somewhat confused but still respectfully replied, "Your subordinate obeys. Become one of my 12 demon gods." Of his hand, Suchan sent the demon god scroll flying out and unfolding in the air. The entire demon god compendium is shaped like an ancient scroll. It is divided into 12 sections, each corresponding to a special pattern, such as dragons, helmets, swords, and so on. Then in the third square, the pattern of a battle helmet suddenly lit up and the headless knight was instantly sucked into it by a powerful force. In an instant, a system notification sounded. Ding. The headless knight has been successfully recorded as the third demon god in the demon god register. As the system notification sounded, the helmet pattern on the third grid also changed. It has transformed into an image of a headless horseman holding a lance and riding a warhorse. The Headless Knight emerged from the void, riding a waror whose hooves seemed to tread on thin air. Name: Headless Horsemen. Realm level, fourth order, third level. Bloodline, king level. Attribute: Dark. Chosen by the third demon god in the demon god chronicle. Gains demon god power. Physique increased by 100%. Shadow war Marco can tread on the void. Note, currently the compatibility with the third demon god's position is 25% reaching 50% bloodline advancement to saint level bloodline. The amplification will also increase accordingly. Suchin looked at the panel, his breathing becoming somewhat rapid. My goodness, the demon god compendium, the special reward for 1 million. This is simply defying the heavens. It can not only enhance the bloodline of demonic beasts, but also grant them special powers. Let the warhorse tread on the void perfectly compensate for the headless horsemen's aerial combat capabilities. The headless knight felt his bloodline being elevated and he felt several times stronger than before. This is this the king level bloodline. Having undergone the baptism of the position of demon god, its realm has not only improved, their bloodline has also undergone a qualitative leap. The shadow waror can even walk on the void. Such Chun gave the order, "Crush them now. If you can avoid doing it yourself, then do it yourself. It'll be a good opportunity to test the Headless Horsemen's current strength. Upon hearing this, the Headless Knight turned his scarlet eyes toward the three golden armored giant scorpions. I will repay the grudge you committed against me by firing a single shot. Chapter 124. Adults. Times have changed. I really want to improve. What an overbearing bloodline pressure. The three Keniki brothers were startled and involuntarily took a step back. The headless knight before them exuded a bloodline aura completely different from before, making them wary. The headless knight swung his spear horizontally, drawing a dark purple arc. The three of you are now surrounded by me alone. The pent up frustration and anger exploded at this moment. It was going to repay the humiliation of being beaten so badly by the three of them 10fold. My lord, times have changed. Times have been rewritten thanks to the king's grace. Don't be so arrogant. Even if you become stronger, the three of us brothers working together can still crush you to dust. The giant metal pincers slammed into the ground, sending up a spray of rubble several feet high. In ancient times, three heroes fought against Lubu. Now, three scorpions fight against a headless knight. Shut up. The headless knight pointed his lance directly at you. The king's command is for me to utterly crush you. Such Chun is worthy of the title king. Apart from Such Chun, no one is worthy of being called king. Previously, it regarded Su Chun as an ally for mutual benefit. But when the power of the demon gods position surged into its bloodline when the barrier shattered, all that remained in its heart was fervent submission. There was no way around it. Such Chun had given it too much, and it was too eager to improve. From this day forward, this young human will be its sole ruler. kill. The shadowy warhorse nade and pounded the air while the headless knight leaned forward, spear in hand, and charged toward the golden armored giant scorpion with overwhelming force. Golden flame storm. Upon seeing this, the three Keniki brothers instantly formed a triangular formation and surrounded the area. their massive pincers slamming into the ground simultaneously. Raging golden flames erupted from the ground, sweeping away the surrounding yellow sand and gravel and condensing in midair into a firestorm with a diameter of several tens of feet. Oof, can you withstand this attack from the three of us brothers? Keniki's tone was full of provocation. Do you need me to help? Suchin's voice came from behind. My king, do not underestimate me. Upon hearing this, the Headless Knight's fighting spirit burned even brighter. It suddenly spun around, its spear dancing rapidly in its hand. With each swing, it conjured a clone identical to itself and charged towards the golden flame storm. Disperse. Dozens of clones rushed into the exploding firestorm one after another. The golden flames and dark elements colliding and annihilating each other. Taking advantage of the storm's slight slowdown, the headless knight transformed into a blur and rushed into the storm's core. He thrust out his spear and the surging dark element erupted like a tsunami, tearing and scattering the raging golden flame storm from within. Impossible. How could you be this strong among those of the same level? How do you manage to take on three opponents at once? The three Keniki brothers watched the flames dissipate, their scorpion bodies trembling violently. Even though their skill levels are similar, why is the opponent's strength, speed, and defense several times greater than theirs? On what grounds? The Headless Knight pointed his lance directly at the three scorpions. On the grounds that my king is Such Chan, the shadowy waror leaped into the air, and the headless knight gathered his strength to thrust his spear forward. The spear tip fell to the ground like a meteor and pierced into Keniki's head. The crisp sound of a headsh shot echoed across the battlefield. Golden scorpion blood mixed with brain matter splattered everywhere. Jimmu's massive body crashed to the ground, completely lifeless. Under the eternal night, all living beings are but ants. Run, run away. Gene Shuer and Ginu were terrified when they saw their second brother die instantly. They were speechless. This headless knight couldn't beat them, so he cheated and became so strong. This human was too cheesy. Run. The king wants to kill you all. How can he allow you to live? The warhorse stumbled and fell, instantly catching up with the two fleeing scorpions. He thrust out his spear again, piercing Gene Shuer's head with perfect accuracy. Then, with a twist of the spear tip, he blasted Geneu's head into a bloody pulp. Every shot to the head was a headsh shot. Good luck continued, and both scorpions fell to the ground, lifeless. Having dealt with the enemy, the headless knight turned his horse around and respectfully approached Su Chun, kneeling on one knee. Your Majesty, your subordinate has fulfilled his mission and has annihilated the enemy leaders. That's great. Really awesome. Such Chin's eyes were full of praise. Including the Headless Horsemen in the list of the 12 demon gods not only boosted its power, but also maximized its loyalty. A win-win situation. Moreover, the existence recorded in the demon god register is entirely at his mercy with no fear of betrayal. This power is all thanks to the title of demon god bestowed upon me by the king. The headless knight's tone grew increasingly respectful. After a moment of silence, he spoke again. I humbly request the king to grant me a name. Such Chan stroked his chin. I'll call you Karen then. Thank you for bestowing this name upon me. Your majesty, your subordinate Karen swears to follow you to the death. Suchin shook his head and chuckled. How come this headless knight speaks so eloquently? At that moment, the remaining thousand or so golden flame giant scorpions, seeing their leader killed in battle, scattered and fled in all directions, trying to escape this land of death, Such Chun looked up, a cold glint in his eyes, and raised his right hand. "Since you've come, stay here and turn into bones." As soon as the sound faded, the earth trembled violently, and a huge black demon pool appeared out of thin air. Countless pitch black ghost claws danced wildly in the pool, surging towards the fleeing golden flame giant scorpion like a tidal wave. A series of mournful screams rose and fell. And in the blink of an eye, more than a thousand giant scorpions were dragged into the demon pool by the ghostly claws. When the demon pool dissipated, only a pile of white bones remained. Slaying a tier three 10th layer golden flame giant scorpion. Kill points added. slaying a tier three 10th layer golden flame giant scorpion kill points added killed the pleasant system notification sounds kept ringing in Such Chen's mind. Meanwhile, the surviving Legion members around them remained in a days. They looked at each other, their eyes filled with a mixture of bewilderment and ecstatic joy at surviving such a disaster. We We survived. We really survived. Hara, we won. We actually captured Sandstone Fortress. No, it wasn't us who won. It was Susan. It was Susan alone who turned the tide and conquered Sandstone Fortress. Yes, otherwise why would they be called gods? Even a slight display of divine power is the pinnacle we can't reach. Standing in the crowd, Jean Han looked at the scene before him, his heart filled with mixed feelings. He never imagined that Su Chan could so easily turn the tide of what was supposed to be a hopeless situation. He shook his head with a rice smile. He had cultivated diligently for over 20 years. Yet he was still inferior to Su Chins achievements in just one month. This gap made him feel extremely ashamed. But then I thought, if the Dragon Kingdom has such a prodigy, how can it not prosper in the future? Brother Su Chan, if it weren't for you, we would have been wiped out long ago. Jean Han quickly walked to Su Chen's side, his tone full of gratitude and admiration. Commander Jeang, there's no need for further words. Such Chan waved his hand, his gaze fixed on the distant sandstone fortress. Lead the survivors to destroy the sandstone fortress and clean up the battlefield. Jean Haan nodded, then shouted, "Everyone, listen up. Follow me to destroy the sand castle, clear the battlefield, and treat the wounded." The battle of Shashibbo was a close call, but a victory was achieved without major incident. Seeing this, Such Chan raised his hand and summoned the demon god scroll that was floating in the sky. It shrank to the size of a palm and fell into his palm. The compendium of demon gods. This compendium can include 12 demon gods, each inheriting their position. Each demon god receives a bloodline boost and power enhancement. And the compendium itself forms an independent mini world, an independent little world. That's an unexpected surprise. A hint of delight flashed in Su Chen's eyes. The headless knight can't stay huddled together with Tuantoan forever, can he? The small world that comes with the demon gods register is just the right place for Karen to live. It's like a pillow being delivered to someone who's been sleeping. Next, Such Chin's plan is naturally to collect other demon beasts suitable for the position of demon god and form the shadow legion. If one is to become the shadow king, how can one not have a shadow legion under one's command to intimidate all sides system? How many kill points are needed for the next upgrade? Suchin asked in his mind. Having a goal provides the motivation to move forward. Just like a simp, if the goddess gives you a little sweetness or a small reward, you will be motivated to work harder to please her. Ding. The next upgrade requires 5 million kill points. Holy crap, so many. Suchin's lips twitched. 5 million was a bit too far-fetched. But then he thought again. If 1 million kill points could get him such a heaven-deying item as the demon gods manual, then the 5 million reward would definitely be much more tempting. Thinking of this, Such Chin's fighting spirit rekindled. Looking at the kill points on the panel, he said in a deep voice. System add points. The point of working hard to earn kill points is simply to add them up and have a few satisfying moments. Chapter 125. The Leaf family banquet. A battle of wits and intrigue. System. Increase the coagulation cycle to the 18th cycle. Spend 50,000 kill points. Successfully reach round 18 with blood clotting. As the system notification faded, Suchin closed his eyes slightly, a warm current welling up from the bottom of his heart, his spirit rippling like the surface of a lake touched by a spring breeze. My whole body felt an unprecedented sense of clarity and comfort. The perception of the surroundings spread rapidly like ripples, and the range of perception increased by more than double. Ding! Host has successfully coagulated blood for 18 rounds, unlocking mental power cultivation. Upon hearing the notification, Such Chun was overjoyed and eagerly looked at the system panel where he saw a new column for mental strength realm. Spiritual power is also divided into realms. Initial awareness realm, concentration realm, object control realm, divine sea realm, transformation realm, primordial spirit realm. Each realm is further divided into 10 minor levels similar to the division of realm cultivation. There are nine realms of spiritual power, but the highest realm Such Chin knows of so far is the seventh. In the entire dragon kingdom is only at the fifth realm, the transformation realm. At this level, spiritual power can be condensed into weapons and other physical forms. The reason why the strongest spiritual power cultivators only reach the fifth realm is because the difficulty of cultivating spiritual power is like climbing a towering treacherous peak which is several times more difficult than cultivating realms. It requires not only exquisite mental cultivation techniques but also the support of rare and precious materials. Suchin smiled slightly at this. I'll just add some won't I? System upgrade nightmare weaving technique to the third level. After spending 50,000 kill points, the nightmare weaving technique has successfully reached the third realm, dreamw weaving realm. Such Chun then allocated all of the remaining 80,000 killing points to opening his spiritual veins. 80,000 kill points, a total of 88 meridians opened. The speed at which the body recovers its source energy is twice as fast as an arrow released from a bow. And the absorption of the source energy of heaven and earth is also several times faster. Few. The system panel is open. Suchin took a deep breath. Name Such Chun. Realm level, third tier, 10th level. Special ability, SS rank, eternal night king. Cultivation method, shadow ability, cultivation method, bone tempering, 10th round of golden bones. Blood clotting. Round 18. Spiritual veins. 88. Mental strength not cultivated. Accompanying spiritual artifact SS rank. Slaughtering demon scythe natal treasure 12th grade world destroying black lotus cultivation techniques boundless spiritual source technique third level nine netherworld undying body second level nightmare weaving technique third level combat skills tier three dark bat strike true meaning tier three shadow flash mastery tier two shadow claw true meaning tier two dark abyss demon pool true meaning tier six instant shadow killing array beginner Tier five, Netherworld, nine slashes, mastery. Tier four, shadow shield, mastery. Tier five, Netherpool shadow claw, true meaning. Tier six, shadow sword dance, beginner. Tier 8,000 armies, mastery. We still need more kill points. Suchin frowned slightly, a hint of regret flashing in his eyes. His mental strength hadn't been increased yet, and his cultivation level hadn't reached the fourth rank, first level. However, he quickly regained his composure and had a new plan in mind. He could develop his combat skills in the area of curses. Brother Suan, we have discovered a large quantity of these crystals in Sandstone Fortress. Jean Han walked over hurriedly, holding a flame crystal in his hand. The surface of the crystal shone with a blazing light like a dancing flame. Suchin raised his eyes and his detection function activated instantly. Flame crystal. When swallowed by the golden flame giant scorpion, it can enhance its defense against burning flames. Or it can be refined into a one-time attack treasure. How many? Such Chen's eyes lit up. This was a rare and valuable item. It's all here. Jean Han handed over a storage ring. Such Chan took the storage ring and glanced at the number of flame crystals inside. This sight stunned him. It was piled up like a small mountain. This one is incredibly valuable. It's all money. He calmed himself down and said, "I'll accept it. It's not safe to stay here any longer, so let's go back first." His gaze fell upon the ruins of the sandstone fortress ahead. This battle had come to a perfect end. Brother Such Sean, would you mind having a drink with me when we go out? A hint of longing flashed in Jean Hans eyes, befriending Su Chun would definitely be a worthwhile investment. No, I have to go back to Kyoto. Suchin shook his head slightly. He needed to go find Lie Chinqing to keep his appointment. A hint of disappointment flashed in Jon Han's eyes, but he still forced a smile and said, "Okay, let's go back now." The crowd turned and left, leaving only white bones in the wind, telling the story of the great battle. 2 days later, at night, the Leaf family in Kyoto, a family banquet. The spacious and bright living room is ornately decorated and brilliantly lit. Soft lighting casts a warm yet dignified atmosphere on the exquisite furniture. Leysanza, the head of the Lee family, sat upright in the main seat, his majestic gaze sweeping over everyone. "Is everyone almost here?" "Not yet, Dad. My boyfriend will be here soon," Lean Wan said sweetly. "Oh, Yan has a boyfriend. Whose son is he?" Leanza asked with great interest. A hint of anticipation on his face. "Dad will find out soon enough. Your daughter's judgment will definitely not disappoint you. Speak of the devil, and he shall appear, uncle aunt." A man in a white suit walked in with a smile. Elegant and refined. He was Bayern, the son of the Bay family, a top tier family in Kyoto. Haha. So, you're Bayan, the eldest son of the Bay family. Please have a seat. Leysan quickly stood up to greet them, his face beaming with smiles. The prominent families of Kyoto were divided into top tier and first class families. His Lee family was first class, while the B family was stronger than the Leaf family. Moreover, Bayan is an S-level superpower prodigy, more than qualified to be with his daughter. Lean Juan quickly stepped forward and took Bayan's arm. Bayern quickly take out the gifts you brought for my parents. Bayan nodded and took out a storage ring. Uncle and aunt, this is my first visit to you. Here are some gifts for you. A longevity fruit that can prolong life and a beauty pill. Haha, since you're already here, why bring a gift? Chuan Fong, the matriarch of the Lee family, quickly accepted it, a hint of surprise flashing in her eyes, and her smile became even brighter. Lee Shanza nodded in satisfaction. "Byan, don't be so polite after you sit down." Bayan smiled politely. "Of course, after all, Yinan is my girlfriend." "Yes, Mom and Dad. It's what Bayern should do," Lei Yinan said with a sweet smile. Then changed the subject. sister. At today's family dinner, I remember you also have a boyfriend you're planning to bring home, right? She wanted to outdo Li Chingqing in every way. Presumably, Lie Ching brought back some ordinary people. After all, Li Chingqing was proud and didn't associate with signs of aristocratic families. She couldn't think of anyone other than those commoners. Once that person arrived, Bayan completely overwhelmed him in every aspect. Bayen is a sophomore at Kyoto University, ranked eighth on the list of 100 top universities. This world is all about talent, cultivation, speed, and strength. What does that commoner have to compare with Bayan? Li Chingqing nodded slightly. Yes, he's on his way. Oh, Chingching, you brought your boyfriend back, too. Whose powerful family's disciple is he? Liisatians first concern was whose powerful family's disciple he was. Dad, my sister is so arrogant. She must have brought back those poor lowly commoners, right? Don't you think so, sister?" Lie Yians face was full of mockery, and her tone carried a hint of contempt. Lie Chingqing nodded calmly. "Yes, they are commoners." Suchin's identity is indeed that of a commoner, but is the number one person in the Dragon Kingdom this generation. Who would dare to look down on his commoner status? Chapter 126. Timely rescue and a slap in the face. Nonsense. A lowly commoner. Are you bringing him back to embarrass yourself? Leysanza slammed his hand on the table and stood up abruptly, his face and eyes filled with anger. In his mind, marriage between people of equal social standing was an ironclad rule. How could a commoner like Lee Shanza possibly be worthy of his daughter? Who I like is none of your business. Although you gave birth to me, you have no right to raise me. Lie Chingqing stared directly at Lie Shanza without backing down. You've gone too far. If you dare to be with a commoner, I'll make you marry the patriarch of the Chu family right now. Liingqing shuddered. The mention of the Chu family's ancestor caused her body to tremble uncontrollably, her eyes filled with disgust and fear. A sense of despair welled up in her heart, and she wanted to escape this home, but she could not see any glimmer of hope. Sister, when your boyfriend comes later, don't be so ashamed that you cry because of my brother Bayan. Lean Juan curled her lips into a mocking smile and deliberately raised her voice as she spoke. Seeing this, Bayan instantly realized that it was his girlfriend who was suppressing her older sister. He slightly raised his chin, secretly pleased with himself. He knew he could easily crush any commoner who came along. ranked eighth in the Kyoto University 200 school league and was at the sixth level of the third stage of cultivation. Aside from Mushwear and Such Chun, there are few people who can rival him. You'll find out when he gets here. Li Chingqing lowered her head slightly, her hair falling down to cover her expression. I wonder how this group of people will react when they see Such Chan. If they're not here by now, they must be too scared to come. Lie one pouted. Lie Chingqing pursed her lips slightly and remained silent for a while. She hadn't received a reply to the messages she'd sent Suin a few days ago, and she wasn't sure if Such Chan would actually come. If Suchin hadn't come, perhaps she really wouldn't have been able to escape this tragic fate. Oh ho, it's so lively here. A shadowy figure flashed by as Such Chun walked straight in. All eyes turned to Such Chan. They looked at each other, their eyes filled with surprise and confusion. Why is Such Chin here? Such Chan, what brings you here? Lons tone became obsequious. Such Chun walked to Li Chingqings side, put his arm around her waist, and had a faint smile on his face. "Oh, I'm Chingqings boyfriend, and also the lowly commoner you were talking about earlier. He was outside just now and heard the whole family's conversation clearly." Only after understanding their true colors did I know how to deal with them. "What? You're my Chinchings boyfriend." Lysan's smile froze instantly, and cold sweat poured down his face. He felt his legs go weak as if he might lose his balance at any moment. Are you kidding me? You should have said earlier that the commoner was Such Chun. Although Su Chun is a commoner, he has Hua Jean Xong backing him up. Moreover, his current achievements have certainly caught the attention of Long Yin, the military leader of the Dragon Kingdom. It can be said that Such Chun not only has Hua Xan Xiang as a powerful figure behind him, but also Long Yin, the pillar of the Dragon Kingdom. He really didn't want to live. How dare he say such things to Such Chan? Bayan standing to the side gaped. No way buddy. Why didn't you say that commoner was Such Chin earlier? I should have known better than to come. This is just asking for trouble and bringing shame upon himself. Is this supposed to be a market fair? He wanted to show off in front of everyone, but unexpectedly the other side sent a tonai and he just happened to run into him. Li Yins eyes, however, were filled with jealousy, burning like a raging fire. Why is Chingqing allowed to be Such Chens boyfriend? One Such Chun is worth a whole bunch of bays. Compared to Such Chun, Bayan is nothing at all. No way. Such an outstanding man deserves to be hers. Such Chun whispered in Liqings ear. How was it? Did we arrive in time? Timely. Thank you. Li Chingqings eyes were full of smiles and a warm feeling welled up in her heart. This moment was so satisfying. A man's charm lies in his problem-solving abilities. At this moment, Su Chan s charm captivated her, leaving her somewhat intoxicated and mesmerized. Hara, son-in-law, please sit down. Chu Lonfons attitude made a complete 180° turn, her face beaming with smiles as she quickly changed her address and greeted him. No, I can't afford that. After all, I'm just a lowly commoner, Such Chan said with a faint smile, his voice tinged with sarcasm. These words instantly soaked Leons back with sweat. Such Chun, I was wrong. I am the lowly commoner. We can't afford to mess around like this. We can't afford to offend Su Chun, and we can't afford to offend Hua Xan Xiang and L Yin behind him either. Such Chun sneered, walked directly to the head of the table, crossed his legs, and said, "Oh, okay. Let's eat." The Lee family members are all too snobbish. He doesn't need to give them any face. Whatever makes you happy, and don't talk about commoners or lowly people. There is no distinction between high and low, noble and base among people. Seeing Su Chin sit down in the main seat, Lie Shanza said without any complaint, bring the wine. As he finished speaking, servants filed in one after another carrying fine wine, and the group took their seats. Humph such Chun, this is your first time meeting the parents. Don't you know to bring a gift? Li Yins jealousy surged like a burst dam, causing her to lose her temper and speak angrily. Everything changed when Suchin arrived and she was unwilling to accept it. Such Chan fained a sudden realization. "Oh dear, I forgot to bring a gift." "Son-in-law Suchin, what are you saying? Your presence is the best gift." Leysan said with a smile. "Yes, yes. It's already very kind of you to come, son-in-law." Chu Lanfong echoed. As long as the Lee family can get on Su Chins good side, their rise to prominence will be just around the corner. Leian Yin Juan trembled all over, her face flushed with anger. How could this be? Why were her parents trying to smooth things over for Such Chun? He's just a little better than others. A prodigy, right? That can't compare to what my brother Bayan prepared. Lean Juan spoke up smuggly, finally finding a way to belittle Su Chun, and she was secretly delighted. Bayan swallowed hard, inwardly groaning. "No way. Don't drag me into this. I told him not to prepare it. Li Chingqing said, trying to smooth things over. Yes, my Chingqing told me I didn't need to prepare anything, but I still prepared one. Such Chins lips curled into a mysterious smile. If you're going to act, you have to go all the way. TCH, if you're so capable, then show it to me. Lean Wan curled her lip in disdain. Such Chan was just putting on a show. What good stuff could he possibly have? Such Chun raised his hand and took out an exquisite box, handing it to Lysanza. Masterly, are you satisfied with this gift? Leanza was somewhat confused, wondering to himself, did Suchin really bring something? He carefully opened the brocade box, and a golden token engraved with a giant golden dragon appeared before everyone's eyes. His body jolted violently, his face turning deathly pale. Haha, Such Chun, I can't accept this gift. Take it back right now. He really wanted to give Le Yinwan a good scolding right now. How could she have such a stupid daughter? This is a dragon token. Even top tier families might not possess such a thing. How could he dare accept it? If he dared to accept this dragon's decree, he might have the life to accept it, but he wouldn't survive. Chapter 127. Current girlfriend. Sorry, that's an ex-girlfriend. Lean Wan stared at the token, her delicate brows furrowing slightly, her tone full of confusion and endearing naive tay. It's just a token. How can it compare to the precious gift my brother Bayan brought? Upon hearing this, Lee Shanza was stunned for a few seconds and then slapped Li Yinan across the face without hesitation. Smack. A crisp loud slap rang out. Leysan's force was so great that she staggered and fell to the ground. You unfilter. Do you know what this is? Leanza roared furiously. His eyes filled with a mixture of panic and rage. As he spoke, he cautiously stole a glance at Such Chun, who was sitting upright at the table, afraid that his daughter's ignorant words would offend Such Chan. He was filled with regret. It was all because he had spoiled his daughter too much and made her so arrogant that she couldn't even recognize the dragon token. This is a dragon token. Throughout the Dragon Kingdom, there are only 36 dragon tokens. Of these, only 12 are known to have been issued to the world, while the majority remain secretly sealed away in Kun Mountain. Those who receive this order are all extraordinary figures who have made earth-shattering achievements for the dragon kingdom and have made unparalleled contributions. Possessing the dragon token is equivalent to holding a get out of jail free card as long as one has not committed the heinous crimes of subverting the state or slaughtering the people. One can be exempted from the death penalty no matter what the mistake is. To put it bluntly, even if Such Chan slaughtered the entirely family without any reason, as long as he had the dragon token, he would be safe and sound and would not be held accountable in any way. Bayan, sitting in the next seat, quietly swallowed. Wait, dating an idiot won't lower your IQ, will it? His girlfriend doesn't even know Long Lane. How did he end up dating such an idiot? Lie Yinwan covered her burning cheek, her eyes filled with grievance and astonishment. Father, why did you hit me? Why did I hit you? Lean's chest heaved with anger. This is the dragon token. The dragon token representing the supreme power of the dragon kingdom. Apologize to your son-in-law, Su Chun, right now. Lean Juan was unwilling, but dared not disobey her furious father. She could only reluctantly stand up and mumbled to Such Chan. I'm sorry. Suchin held his teacup, his tone light and casual. I'm only happy when my girlfriend is happy. But right now, it seems like my girlfriend isn't very happy. This is a bit of a problem. Leian was completely confused and didn't understand. Leanza instantly understood the implication, his face paling. Quick, apologize to your sister. Why should I, father? I've already apologized to Such Chan. Le Yin Wan retorted defiantly, her eyes filled with resentment. She hates Liqing the most. Enough with the nonsense. Lysanza was sweating profusely. If you don't apologize to your sister soon, I'll marry you off to that centinarian patriarch of the Chu family. These words struck Lee Yan Wan like a thunderbolt, instantly throwing her into a panic, her face filled with fear and replaced by a look of grievance. She bit her lip, looking at Li Chingqing with humiliation. I'm sorry, sister. Looking at her like this, Li Chingqing curled her lips into a cold sneer. Apologize? There's no reason for you to stand up. She is not some pushover who can be easily manipulated. The grievances Lee Yian Wan suffered today are nothing compared to what she has endured before. Leian Wan clenched her fists, her nails digging deep into her palms. She turned sharply to look at Bayern, her eyes filled with pleading hope. But Bayan seemed to have been burned and quickly turned his face away, his eyes darting around, pretending that he hadn't seen anything. He didn't want to offend Su Chun, who held the dragon token, for the sake of a stupid woman. As for Li Yin Wan being his girlfriend, sorry, she's his ex-girlfriend. What does she have to do with him? Seeing him like this, Li Yin Wan's last hope vanished and tears of humiliation finally streamed down her face. Her knees buckled and she collapsed to her knees. Her voice choked with sobs. I'm sorry, sister. Li Chingqings eyes were icy cold. She stepped forward, ruthlessly raised her hand, grabbed her chin, and forced her to raise her head. Her jade-like hands suddenly shot up, and there was another crisp snap sound. Clear red handprints appeared on both sides of Le Yin Wus cheeks, and the burning pain made her tremble all over. Lee Chingqing sneered. Leave a way out for others so you can meet again in the future. You deserve this slap. If it weren't for Lee Yins instigation, how could she have become a sacrifice for her family's pursuit of profit? This slap in the face today is nothing more than interest. Huh? son-in-law Such Chun, "How are you feeling now?" Leanza quickly spoke up to break the tense atmosphere and try to ease the tension. Suchin picked up his teacup, took a sip of the warm tea, and said in a flat tone, "It's all right." Seeing that Such Chin's attitude had softened, Leansza breathed a sigh of relief, and quickly returned the dragon token with both hands while gesturing to Such Chun and putting food into his bowl. "All the dishes are served. Eat them while they're hot. They're all our carefully prepared signature dishes." He tried his best to quickly change the subject and let the storm pass. The originally tense dinner has finally returned to a temporary state of calm. "This dish tastes pretty good," Such Chan said casually after taking a bite. "I'm glad you like it. I'm glad you like it." Lansza was overjoyed. "My dear son-in-law, Such Chan, please feel free to come to my house whenever you have time. I'll have the kitchen prepare some dishes for you. No need to come often." Suchin put down his chopsticks. I heard from Chingqing that you're going to marry her off to the centinarian patriarch of the Chu family. He attended the banquet today, not for the food, but to finally resolve Lie Chingqings marriage issue. Otherwise, he wouldn't bother sitting at the same table with a snobbish person like Lie Shanza and an idiot like Le Yan. Lysan's smile froze instantly, his eyes flickering. Son-in-law Su Chun. Well, this is a long story. Stop talking nonsense. Suchin interrupted him. Just tell me, is this true or not? Leysanza dared not hide anything and could only nod stiffly. Yes, that's true. But don't worry, Mr. Such Chan. I'll cancel the engagement immediately. I won't let Ching suffer the slightest grievance. If Lie Ching had told him earlier about her relationship with Such Chan, how could he have dared to let her marry a ceninarian? Suching glanced at him, then turned to Li Chinqing beside him. What exactly happened? You've kept this from me for so long. Shouldn't you explain yourself properly? Lie Chingqing chuckled lightly. The Chu family has a centinarian ancestor who is rumored to have cultivated a wicked secret technique. He needs to marry a young woman to absorb her auspicious energy in order to prolong his life. The Chu family has their eyes on our Lee family and with Lee Yin fanning the flames, I became the chosen sacrifice. As she spoke these words, her tone was calm, but deep in her eyes lay a profound disappointment with this family. In the family's eyes, she was nothing more than a tool that could be used to gain benefits and make the family stronger. If Such Chun hadn't appeared in time, she would have been prepared to fight to the death, killing Lee Yin Wan first and then ending her own life. Upon hearing this, Such Chin's eyes narrowed slightly, a cold glint flashing within them. This Leysanza is even more selfish than he imagined. He can be so heartless as to use his own daughter as a sacrifice. He paused for a moment and said loudly, "Since the engagement is already arranged, why cancel it?" Upon hearing this, everyone in the room was stunned, their faces filled with confusion and bewilderment. Leysanza was so frightened that his heart stopped. "Son-in-law, I I'm a bit slow-witted. I don't quite understand what you mean." Su Chins lips curled slightly, and he said with a hint of amusement, it doesn't mean anything special. The engagement can't be cancelled. It's just that the bride to be can be changed. Chapter 128. Lie Chingqing makes up her mind to cultivate mental power. Change players. Lie Shanza looked at Su Chan with a puzzled expression. Not bad. Such Chan leaned back in his chair. Since the engagement is already set, breaking it off would be a loss of face. I think letting Li Yanuan marry the patriarch of the Chu family would be a win-win solution. What? Leysano was struck dumb, so shocked, he almost jumped up from his seat. Let his precious second daughter marry that centinarian who's half buried in the ground. This won't do. A troubled look appeared on his face. This This might be a bit difficult. A bit difficult. Suchin's eyes suddenly turned cold. Then let's not do it. Leysan's favoritism and selfishness are utterly disgusting. Both are daughters, yet Li Chingqing is treated like trash while Le Yan Wan is treated like a treasure. Such cold-heartedness is truly disgusting. Seeing Such Chin's anger, Lie Shanza panicked and his eyes darted around rapidly. Lein Wan was merely an adopted child he had 20 years ago, not his biological daughter. If Lein Wan could replace Lie Chingqing and Mary into the Chu family, it would not only please Sue Chun and secure his favor, but also avoid offending the Chu family. A win-win situation. Thinking of this, he gritted his teeth and hardened his heart. Fine, well do as Such Chin said, and let Li Yin Wan take Chingqings place. Father, no. I don't want to. I absolutely don't want to. Leian was struck dumb and retreated repeatedly. How could this happen? She doesn't want to marry that cinarian with a face full of wrinkles. This is clearly Li Chingqings misfortune. Why should she have to suffer it? Yanuan, you are an adopted child of the Lee family. For the past 20 years, I have treated you well and let you enjoy wealth and honor. Leysan's tone was tinged with a hint of hypocritical sincerity. Now the family urgently needs to advance further. And it is the time for you to contribute to the family. No, I won't allow it. Lean's eyes were bloodshot as she frantically grabbed Bayan's arm beside her. Brother Bayan, you're my boyfriend. Please help me. You definitely won't agree to them doing this, right? Who are you? Do I know you? Bayan abruptly shook off her hand, his face full of disgust. He quickly turned to Such Chun. Sus Shun, I don't know her at all. You can handle your family matters as you please. It has nothing to do with me. Such Chan was speechless as he watched this scene. Bayan looked honest, but I never expected him to be such an opportunist who would turn on you so ruthlessly. What surprised him even more was that Li Yan Wan was actually adopted. If that was the case, why did the Lee family do on the adopted Li Yan Juan, but treat their biological daughter, Lie Ching, so cruy? You, you're all in cahoots. I'd rather die than marry that old man. Leian Wan completely broke down, pointing at everyone and roaring before running towards the door like a mad woman. Huh? Please excuse my poor performance. Lysans face was full of embarrassment. But don't worry, Mr. Such Sean, I will definitely make sure that Li Yan obediently marries into the Chu family. You old bastard, you're absolutely disgusting. Suchin didn't bother to look at him again. Having achieved her goal, she took Liqings hand and walked straight outside. Leysanza stood frozen in place, only able to force a laugh and urge, "Everyone, huh? Don't just stand there. Everyone, eat, eat up." On the balcony of the Lee family villa, a gentle evening breeze carried a slight chill. Li Chingqing looked at Su Chins profile, her eyes filled with gratitude. "Thank you, Such Chan. I really don't know what I would have done today if it weren't for you. Don't be so polite." Such Chan gazed at the night sky in the distance. It's mainly because I can't stand those hypocritical and selfish faces in the entirely family. You're the only one who's considered normal. I thought you would say that you help me because of the things I bought for you at the auction. A faint smile appeared on Li Chingqings lips which made her very happy and she took another step closer to him. Everything the man had just done had captivated her. Upon hearing this, Such Chin coughed lightly. A himm that is indeed part of the reason. He helped Lie Chinqing escape the arranged marriage for two reasons. First, he disapproved of the Lee family's actions. Second, Lie Chingqing had agreed to help him bid for the items he needed at the auction, which was a mutually beneficial arrangement. Can't you say something nicer? Li Chingqing said coetishly, "Say something nice and maybe you'll win me over in no time." Such Chun chuckled helplessly and went along with her words, saying, "Fine, I did all of this for you. Is that all right? That's more like it. I love hearing that. Lie Chingqing smiled radiantly. She slowly leaned closer to Su Chins red lips and parted them slightly, her voice carrying a hint of allure. However, I feel that just repaying you with the things from the auction doesn't seem enough. How about adding myself to the equation? Okay. Such Chan made just now captivated her. When she was most helpless and desperate, it was Su Chillin who dispelled the gloom for her and taught those who bullied her a lesson. She was utterly captivated by the feeling of being protected. Suchin looked at Li Chingqing, who had exquisite makeup, fair skin, and captivating eyes. She truly possessed the qualities to make one's heart flutter. Just as he was about to speak, Li Chingqing asked again, "Is it pretty?" He nodded truthfully. "It looks good." "Hm, you know how to talk." Lie Chingqing smiled and turned around, saying, "I'm going to the restroom first." She took a few steps, then turned back and handed over a thick stack of documents. Here, this is a list of some of the items at the auction. Take a look beforehand so you can be prepared. Buy whatever you like and I'll take care of you, okay?" She said it half- jokingly and then walked towards the restroom. She knew in her heart that matters of the heart couldn't be rushed. Suchin may seem casual about relationships, but he actually has his own rhythm. If you rush things, it will only make him resentful. She wants to gradually close the distance between them, and when the time is right, she will completely win him over. A force melon may not be sweet, but at least it can quench your thirst. Even if it's just a fleeting attraction, even if it's just wanting a shoulder to lean on, Such Chun, she's determined to have him. Please allow her to be a little selfish. Such Chun watched her leave, then turned his gaze to the documents in his hand. The list details the auction items, with even the most ordinary items having a starting price of up to a million. The entire auction featured 128 items ranging from low-level pills and ores to highle weapons and armor and even rare items such as power enhancing fruits and natal spirit treasures worth hundreds of millions. Such Chan examined them one by one and quickly identified three targets. Firstly, it is a rare dark elemental natural treasure which is of great benefit to his cultivation improvement. Secondly, there is a sixth tier combat skill called shadow ghost hand which is extremely compatible with his dark type techniques. Thirdly, it is a long- lost mental cultivation technique that can make up for his lack of mental cultivation methods. Unfortunately, information on the last 28 items is not available, heighed. The list only shows the first 100 lots. The remaining 28 lots will be revealed at the auction. Clearly, those items not announced in advance must be the more valuable finale items designed to attract fierce bidding from all sides. Just as Su Chun was pondering, a commotion suddenly broke out outside the mansion. Where have all the Leaf family members gone? Come out and greet the Chu family. Hearing the noise, Leanza, who was having a meal inside, changed his expression, quickly put down his chopsticks, and ran out to open the door. Haha, it's nephew Chuyu. What brings you to my humble abode today? Leysanza, look up. It's me. An old voice rang out. Chuyu stepped aside and an elderly man with a full head of white hair and a ruddy complexion slowly walked forward. He was dressed in a brocade robe and was none other than Chu Xian, the centinarian patriarch of the Chu family. Ancestor Chu. Ancestor Chu. Lean's face was full of shock. You, why did you come in person? Chu Xianin waved his hand and dozens of Chu family members behind him carried dozens of red lacquered wooden boxes in single file. The box was filled with gold, silver, jewels, and rare medicinal herbs. Truly a generous betroal gift. You don't know why I'm here. Chu Xian stared directly at Leanza. In a few days, I'll have your Li Chingqing marry me. Lie Chingqings physique is too perfect. As long as he can defeat Lie Chingqing, his cultivation technique will be perfected and he will break through to the 10th level. Leanza looked troubled. But Ancestor Chu, my Chingqing, she already has a boyfriend. Boyfriend? Chu Xian sneered coldly. O, which blind fool dares to steal the woman I reserved. As soon as he finished speaking, the light and shadow outside the hall suddenly dimmed. A tall, slender figure approached against the light, each step seeming to shatter the surrounding oppressive atmosphere. Oh, you mean me. Chapter 129. First attempt at nightmare weaving technique. Upon hearing that cold voice, Chu Shinine abruptly looked up, ready to see who was so blind as to steal the woman he had his eye on. But when his gaze fell upon the source of the sound, and he saw the tall, imposing figure, the murderous aura around him instantly dissipated by more than half. Huh? So, it's young friend Such Chan. His voice was deliberately warm. What brings you here, Such Chan? He was the most sought-after prodigy in the capital recently. The first person to break the 100% absolute prophecy of Kun Mountain has a powerful figure backing him. What? Suchin raised an eyebrow. This place is owned by your Chu family. I can't come here. Not at all. Chu Shinin quickly waved his hand. Young friend Such Chun, you can go wherever you want. There is no place in the entire capital that you cannot go. A sense of unease rose in his heart. Why was Su Chin s tone so aggressive? Could it be that the boyfriend Lee Shanza mentioned Li Chingqings boyfriend is him? Enough with the nonsense. Let's get down to business. Lie Chingqing is my girlfriend. Ancestor Chu, you should have someone else on your mind. Upon hearing this, Chu Shinin frowned, his face instantly darkening. It really was him. Lie Chingqing s unique physique was a perfect match for the cultivation technique he practiced. He had searched for years to find this person. How could he easily let go? But the other party was Such Chan. This situation was somewhat tricky. Young friend Su Chan Chu Xian tried to entice him. Everything is negotiable. If you are willing to give Liqing to me, I am willing to give you 10, no, 100 beauties whose looks and figures are no less than hers. How about it? Give it away. Such Chins voice suddenly rose. What do you take Ching Ching for? An object that can be given away at will. Seeing the tense atmosphere, Lysansa quickly tried to smooth things over. Please calm down, both of you. He then looked at Chu Xian and said, "How about this, Ancestor Chu? I will marry my second daughter, Li Yin Wan, to you. She is also extremely beautiful." Chu Xian glanced at him sideways, his face so dark it could drip water. Leian Wan. How could she have Li Chingqings heaven-deying physique? A piece of trash. Young friend Such Sean. Is there really no room for negotiation? Chu Xian gritted his teeth, his tone carrying a hint of threat. She's just a woman. Why be so persistent? Discuss your mother. We're all born of the same parents. So why do you think you're superior and can use others as bargaining chips? Heard Chu Schwanin's contemptuous tone, the angrier he became. What did he mean by just a woman? We're all born of parents, so why are you calling others things? Chu Shinin was so angry that his blood boiled and his fists clenched. He had been a tyrant in the capital for many years. Who dared not to give him some face, who hadn't called him Ancestor Chu. But Such Chun, that brat, is so disrespectful, relying on his status as a prodigy and having powerful backers. But this time, he messed with the wrong person. Very well. If you insist, young friend, I will not force you to. After saying that, he looked at Lysanza. Since Such Chun and Lie Ching Ching are in a relationship, then let your second young lady, Li Yin Wan, take their place. After saying that, he looked at Su Chan with a sinister gaze. Young man, don't be too impetuous or you'll suffer sooner or later. Don't talk nonsense when you're not the one suffering. Suchin scoffed. If you were my age and had achieved what I have, you'd probably be 10 times more arrogant than me. Chu Xianin was speechless after being choked by those words. After a long while, he finally managed to squeeze out two words through gritted teeth. Farewell. He and his men disappeared into the night in an instant. Seeing him leave, Leanza said with lingering fear, "My dear son-in-law, after all, Ancestor Chu is a senior. It would be best to show him more respect in the future to avoid bringing trouble upon yourself." Such Chun sneered. He treats your own daughter like an object to be traded at will and you're still going to fawn over him? I can't do something so pathetic. Such Chan used shadow flash to return to the balcony. Leanza stood there, mouth agape, stunned for a long time before slowly shaking his head, his face full of bitterness. Everything he did was for the survival of the Leaf family. But who can understand his predicament? On the balcony, Li Chingqing leaned against the railing, her chin slightly raised, her eyes sparkling with infatuation as she stared intently at Su Chun. She overheard the entire conversation downstairs, especially the line, "We're all born of the same parents. Why should we be superior?" Which solidified her resolve. "You were really handsome just now. Just telling the truth, but you have to be careful of that old ancestor." Chu Chu Xian seems to care a lot about Liqing. So there must be something he wants in Li Chingqing. I know. Li Chingqing nodded. We also need to be careful of Li Yinian Wuan. Her sudden agreement to marry Chu Xian is suspicious and definitely not well-intentioned. She knew Lewan too well. She was proud and arrogant. How could she possibly be willing to marry a man older than her grandfather? There must be a conspiracy involved. I should be saying this to you. They probably wouldn't dare to openly touch me. the principle that if open tactics didn't work, one should resort to underhanded methods. However, Such Chan wasn't afraid as he had the dragon token and could immediately send Jean Shan Dewa. However, he did hope that the Chu family would take action because the dragon token had another function. You can exchange it for a powerful figure from Kun Mountain to do something for you. The Chu family dares to play dirty tricks. At worst, we'll just use the dragon token to have the Chu family wiped off the map in the capital. I'll be fine. Li Ching smiled. I'm still waiting to be your wife. Her special ability is unique. Even if the Chu family really makes a move, she is confident that she can escape and scathed. What are we waiting for? Such Chun composed himself and teased. Why don't we fulfill our promise now? Okay. A hint of provocation flashed in Liqings eyes as she wrapped her arms around his neck. If you have the guts, then hug me. Suchin's heart raced a little as he looked at the face so close to his. You think I wouldn't dare? Such Chan raised an eyebrow, stretched out his arm, and suddenly picked Li Chingqing up in a perfect princess carry. The soft touch made his heart beat faster. Lie Chingqing was full of surprise. She had just said it casually, but she didn't expect Su Chun to actually dare to hug her. Then, if you're so capable, carry me to bed. Lie Chingqing bit her lower lip, her eyes filled with a hint of shyness and a touch of provocation. She didn't believe Such Chan would really dare to take it a step further. I'd rather obey than be overly differential. Suchin's lips curled into a wicked smile as he carried Lie Chingqing away from the balcony and reappeared in her budoir. Lie Chingqings beautiful eyes widened, her heart filled with astonishment. How could Such Chin be so bold? She looked so innocent just a moment ago, but now she seems like a completely different person. Could it be that highle hunters disguise themselves as prey? Such Chin placed her on the soft bed, leaned over to look at her, and asked with a playful look in his eyes, "What do you think we should do next?" Li Chingqings eyes darted away, her heart pounding, and she stammered. "You not this time. What do you mean, can't?" Such Chun fained confusion, pulled out his phone from his pocket, waved it, and grinned mischievously. The next step, of course, is to take out your phone and play a tense and exciting game of honor of kings. Are you thinking something else? Li Chingqings mouth was slightly open and she stood there stunned. The blush on her face instantly spread to her ears. She had actually thought the wrong thing just now. Such Chun even turned the tables on him. Who is thinking the wrong thing? You stinky man. You're such a little rascal. She used to think Such Chan was a straight-l guy, but now it seems that's not the case at all. He's clearly a little rascal. Suchin stopped laughing. All right, I won't tease you anymore. I should go back now. You should get some rest. He's always being teased and he's not exactly a straight man. Secondly, Li Chingqing also said no and besides he doesn't have that idea at the moment. Moreover, all he can think about right now is trying out the nightmare weaving technique when he gets back. Chu Xianin will definitely seek revenge at any opportunity. Wouldn't it be reasonable for him to strike first and collect some interest? Chapter 13. Such Chun versus Shinji. Late at night inside villa number one of the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy, Suchin stood by the window, gazing at the bright moon in the sky and murmured softly, "That old thing, he should be fast asleep by now, right?" As he spoke, a faint gray mist rose around him, his eyes slowly closed, and his fingertips formed a strange hand seal, nightmare weaving technique, which he quietly activated. His divine sense, like an invisible arrow, pierced through the night and precisely locked onto Chu Schwanins aura. In the next instant, Su Chins consciousness seemed to fall into an endless abyss, instantly invading Chu Xiin Yins dream. What came into view was a place of extravagance. Chu Xianin, dressed in a magnificent robe, was drinking and making merry with a group of scantily clad women, his face full of lewd smiles. Huh? You old codger over a hundred years old and your mind is still full of these filthy things. A hint of disdain flashed in Su Chens eyes. Then he focused his mind and gathered his energy and gray mist surged around him. Perfect. Let me let you taste the third level of the nightmare weaving technique, the dreamw weaving realm. He rapidly changed hand seals, his divine sense surging into the dream like a tidal wave, forcibly altering Chu Schwanin's beautiful dream. Countless bizarre images took shape in his mind and were then imprinted into this dream world. After an unknown amount of time, Suchin suddenly opened his eyes and exited the dream. He felt as if his head was being torn apart. This this broken spell is too mentally taxing. His current mental strength level hasn't even reached the threshold of the first stage of nightmare weaving technique. Forcibly activating the third realm of the dreamw weaving realm is simply overdrawing one's own resources. All right, let's leave it at that for now. Consider it an advanced payment of interest to that old man. Such Chun rubbed his throbbing temples, then casually pulled the blanket over his head and went to sleep, quickly drifting off to sleep. Inside the Chu family mansion, Chu Shian was fast asleep. In his dream, he had just closed his eyes, enjoying the sweet fruit fed to him by a beautiful woman and bathing in warm spring water, feeling extremely comfortable. But the next second, the surrounding lights suddenly dimmed, and the luxurious palace instantly twisted and collapsed. He opened his eyes, but the palace and beauties were nowhere to be seen. He was wearing a pair of tattered shorts and soaking in a bucket of stinking pig manure. Grandpa have some fruit. A sweet cocketish voice rang in my ears. Chu Xian stiffly turned his head and saw that the once graceful beauty had now turned into a pig demon with a pig's head and covered in black hair. He was still holding a dark goat dung-like ball in his hand and was grinning foolishly as he offered it to his mouth. Ah. Shu Xianine suddenly sat up in bed, his eyes bloodshot, his pajamas soaked with cold sweat, and his whole body trembling uncontrollably. Who? Who dares to plot against me? The next morning, in the main hall of the Chu family, Chu Xian sat in the main seat, his eyes bloodshot and dark circles under his eyes like a pandas, clearly indicating that he had not slept all night. Ancestor, did you not sleep well last night? Chu asked cautiously. Sleep well? Chu Xian slammed his hand on the table. The moment I closed my eyes, I dream of that pigmanure bucket and the pig demon. How can I possibly sleep well? The thought of last night's nightmare made him feel nauseous. The stench seemed to still linger in his nose, tormenting him to the point of near mental collapse. Do you know how he got through that night? Did you inform Master Schwanji that the person has arrived? Coming. Coming. just arrived at the door," Shui replied quickly. A figure slowly walked in. The newcomer wore a faded towist robe and his hair and beard were all white. He was none other than Master Schwani who specialized in the art of weaving nightmares. "Brother Shianin, what brings you here?" Da was Schwanji stroked his beard. "Hu Shiani" cut to the chase. Has your nightmare weaving technique already broken through to the third realm, the dream weaving realm? The way the dream was altered last night was clearly a technique from the third level of nightmare weaving in the entire dragon kingdom. Apart from daiswanji, he couldn't think of anyone else who could do it. Swanji s eyes. Not bad. Last night, this old dowist had a dream from which I grasped the true meaning and successfully broke through to the dream weaving realm. Fine. Very well. Chu shianin suddenly stood up and grabbed Shwanji Dawist by the neck. So you used me as a guinea pig using the dreamw weaver to torment me. Cough, brother Shienin, you you've misunderstood. Daiswanji struggled to breathe as he was being choked and managed to say, "I swear on my life, I never tested you out." Chu Xian stared into his eyes and seeing that his expression did not seem fake, loosened his grip slightly. But my dream was indeed altered last night using the dreamw weaving technique. In this world besides you, is there anyone else who can cultivate the nightmare weaving technique to the third level? Schwanji rubbed his neck and fell into deep thought. Logically speaking, it is absolutely impossible. The nightmare weaving technique is obscure and difficult to master, and the third realm is even more difficult than ascending to heaven. I have practiced hard for decades and barely managed to break through. How could others possibly do it? Whether it's possible or not, I've experienced it for myself. Chu Shin roared angrily. Now use your magic to examine my dream and see what's going on. Good. Master Shwanji nodded, no longer hesitating. He closed his eyes, quickly formed hand seals, and a faint gray mist rose around him. The next second, his consciousness forcibly invaded Chuanin's dream. When he saw the traces of alteration left in his dream, his pupils contracted sharply and his face was filled with shock. There really is someone who can use the dreamw weaver technique. And although the technique is crude, it is indeed the power of the third realm. He exited Chuwanin's dream and said with a solemn expression, "Brother Shianin, your dream has indeed been tampered with. The other party's dreamw weaving technique is very clumsy, and they seem to be a novice. Their mental strength is also extremely weak, and the scope and details of the dream weaving are very rough, useless. What's the use of knowing all this? Anyone who dares to mess with him, no matter who they are, he will make them pay a heavy price. Brother Shianin, please calm down. Dais Shwanji quickly said, "I have already laid a trap in your dream, weaving a new layer of beautiful dream as bait. If the other party dares to enter the dream again, I will definitely be able to follow his spiritual trajectory and find him." He has devoted decades to studying the art of nightmare weaving, and his understanding of this technique is far beyond that of a novice. The opponent's mental strength was weak and his methods were crude. In his eyes, he was just a lamb to the slaughter. Unless the opponent has broken through to the fourth realm, dream eater and can weave demonic phantoms to erode the mind, he is absolutely confident in crushing the opponent. But that's impossible. The fourth realm is 100 times more difficult than the third realm. The opponent is so unfamiliar with the third realm and has such weak mental strength. How could he possibly break through to the fourth realm? Are you telling the truth? Chuanin's eyes narrowed. Absolutely true. As long as the opponent isn't at the fourth realm, this old Daist will definitely be able to capture him and even use the dream weaving realm against him. This is a clash on the path of dreams, and he has absolute confidence in winning this duel. Chu Xian gave up, nodded in satisfaction, and after a moment of contemplation, asked again, "When will you be able to break through to the fourth realm?" Only the fourth level of nightmare weaving technique, dream devouring, can weave dream demons that erode people's minds. That is true terror. It'll be soon. I recently discovered a heretical cultivation method that allows one to quickly break through by absorbing the insights of others dreams. Get to the point. Simply put, as long as I can catch the person who tampered with your dream and devour their insights into the Dao of dreams, I can immediately break through to the fourth realm. Chu Schwanin's lips curled into a sinister smile. Fine. From today onwards, you will live in the Chu family. Enter my dreams everyday. And once you discover the other party's whereabouts, immediately capture him and devour his insights. Once you break through to the fourth realm, help me use the dream demon to silently torture and corrupt someone. Oh, I wonder who Brother Shenin is referring to. A venomous glint flashed in Chu Xians eyes. Su Chun. Chapter 131. In the four realms dream, eating death ruins. Such Chen, he is a prodigy of our dragon kingdom. This is a bit. A hint of hesitation flashed in Schwanjis eyes. O, tell me, how do you want me to make a move? I have to pay more. Schwanji looked embarrassed, her lips pursed downwards, appearing both agrieved and helpless. Money is no problem. As long as you can reach the fourth realm and make Suchin suffer from the dream demon day and night, you can have as much money as you want. The nightmare weaving technique is invisible to ordinary people. Moreover, Schwanji s night nightmare weaving technique combined with his special ability can erase other people's dream memories. In this way, Such Chan can be tormented invisibly until his mind completely breaks down. It probably won't take many times. After all, Suchan hasn't even started cultivating his spiritual power yet. Yesterday, Such Chun dared to be so disrespectful to him, dared to be so arrogant towards him. This is the price he pays. It's easy to dodge a spear in the open, but hard to guard against an arrow in the dark. I may fear you openly, but you can't escape me in secret. All right, brother Shianine. Once I reach the fourth realm, I'll run off to the deep mountains and forests and torment Su Chun every day so that no one can find him and he won't implicate you. A greedy glint flashed in Schwanjis eyes. What a perfect plan. Torture Su Chun to the point of mental breakdown and he'll be ruined. A  The dragon kingdom wouldn't want him. Wouldn't they just kill him at will? That's more like it. I've prepared a few beauties for you. Go and enjoy yourself. Chu Xianin was in a great mood. He then I'll gladly accept. Shwanji happily ran to the back. Upon seeing this, Chu Xian suddenly felt a pang of doubt, wondering who was the one who had woven this dream for him. He hasn't offended anyone recently except for Such Chun. Could it be Such Chan? But the thought vanished as soon as it arose. Such Chun can't even cultivate mental power. So, how could he possibly master the third realm of nightmare weaving technique? Absolutely impossible. Evening, few the pressure. After getting up in the morning, Such Chan went out to hunt monsters in the wild and successfully gained 120,000 kill points throughout the day. System upgrade nightmare weaving technique to the fourth level. Since we've decided to mess with Chu Shienin, we'll definitely have to put in some serious effort in the fourth realm. After spending 100,000 kill points, nightmare weaving technique has successfully reached the fourth level. In an instant, a deeper understanding of the Dao of dreams surged into Su Chin's mind like a torrent. Profound insights into the Dao of dreams that can only be grasped after decades or even centuries. Such Chan felt his consciousness tremble slightly under the impact of this enlightenment system. Allocate all remaining 20,000 kill points to the spirit realm. spend 25,000 kill points and reached the fourth level of the initial awareness realm in mental cultivation. As the system notification sound faded, Such Chan felt his senses become even more acute, and he could perceive every rustle of grass and the slightest movement around him. In addition, his mental energy is also more abundant, probably enough to weave a dream demon to erode the opponent's mind. Of course, this can only torment the other party. Chu Xianin is at the ninth level and 10th stage, so his spiritual power level must be quite high. His current mental strength is only enough to torment the other party. However, this is only interest. It remains to be seen whether Chu Shienin will seek revenge for the sake of momentary pleasure or endure it. Revenge means annihilating the entire family. Forbearance means sparing their lives. As he was pondering, the phone suddenly rang. Suchin took out his phone and pressed the answer button. Hello, Teacher Chu. What's wrong? Where are you? Just finished hunting monsters and are heading back. Okay, then come back quickly. I need to talk to you about the 200 school league. Okay. After hanging up the phone, Such Chun rushed back to the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy. The dim lights flickered at the headquarters of the Blood Beast Church in Kyoto. Special envoy Sang Wong, I heard you were previously the underground leader of the Bloodbeast Church in Chwan. The third bishop, the bloodthirsty madman Ting E sat on a huge black chair and asked coldly. Envoy Lee Lang bowed his head slightly. Yes, your excellency. Thank you for transferring me to Kyoto. No need to be so polite. Do you know why I transferred you here? Your subordinate is foolish. Leangs heart tightened. Fuji simply tossed him a document and said, "Use your special ability to disguise yourself as this senior and join the senior class. This won't this be discovered?" Leang asked with some concern. Don't worry, the person in this file is already dead. You disguise yourself as him. Infiltrate the Kyoto Superpower Academy and take the opportunity to contact Such Chun. I've already arranged everything. All you need to do is be present at the Kyoto 100 schools league grade captain selection ceremony tomorrow. Suchin naturally asked him first whether he wanted to join the Blood Beast Church, and if he didn't want to, he would kill him. Perfect timing. The azure wolf envoys ability is disguise. He can approach Su Chun naturally. First taking him by surprise to ask if he is willing to join the heretical church. If he is not willing, he can just kill him. Kill two birds with one stone. I understand, but will it really not be noticed? Leang was still a little worried. You're at the fourth level, eighth stage, just like the person in the disguise in the data. How could anyone tell? The other side doesn't have a one-click information detection function. So why are you panicking? Fujioshi was somewhat impatient, his tone tinged with anger. Leang immediately knelt down, his face filled with terror. My lord, please calm your anger. I will certainly do my best to fulfill your request. Get up. Well done. I will promote you to one of my trusted subordinates. Upon hearing this, Leangs eyes were filled with burning desire. This subordinate will do everything in my power. That's right. What is he afraid of? He's just pretending. How could he possibly be exposed? Unless, of course, the other party can open an account with a single click. Well, before that, you should find out information about the person you're going to impersonate. Someone will cooperate with you then. As he spoke, Tong E transformed into a streak of crimson light and vanished into the darkness. Kyoto Academy. Knock knock. Come in. Suchin gently pushed open the door and walked into Chu Xians office. The office was filled with a faint aroma of tea, giving people a sense of tranquility. Teacher Chu. Chu Xianing raised her eyes. Do you know why I asked you to come here? I know. It's about the 100 schools league, right? Suchin nodded slightly, a hint of anticipation in his eyes. The hundred schools league is about to begin in 3 days, and he will also compete against that so-called son of divine light who has descended from the mountain. What kind of god is invincible after descending the mountain? He insists on killing a god. Good. Do you need me to explain the rules of the hundred schools league to you? Such Chun rubbed his hands together. Of course, I'll take it. Thank you, teacher. Chu. No need to be polite. Chu Xiining put down her teacup, her eyes becoming serious. The 100 schools league is divided into two parts. The first part is the individual competition. The rules for the individual competition are very simple. 10 contestants from each college, a total of 100 colleges, and 1,000 contestants. The competition is fierce, and the winner will be crowned. The competition will last for eight days with rounds to determine the champion. The main reason I called you here is to talk about the team competition. Chu Xinings voice became more forceful. Team competition? Yes, this year's team competition venue is the ruins of death. Chapter 132. The mysterious death ruins. A showdown in the dark. Death ruins. Is there anything special about this place? Suchin asked curiously. Ruins and secret realms are completely different things. Secret realms are primarily for obtaining resources, while ruins offer a different kind of hidden world. Not only do these ruins contain precious resources like rare and precious materials, but if you're extremely lucky, you might also encounter ancient and mysterious traditions. Or perhaps one could discover a vast treasure left behind by a powerful figure or strongman. Each item enough to drive one mad with desire. Simply put, the value of ruins far surpasses that of secret realms, making them a place of exploration that countless cultivators dream of. Chu Xinings eyes were filled with semnity. It's extremely special. This ruin was only discovered half a month ago, and its current level of exploration is almost zero. Moreover, this ruin has a realm restriction. Only those below the fourth level, first stage, can enter. It just so happens that the students in the 100 schools league are mostly below the fourth level first stage. So, we've decided to use this place as the venue for your team competition. But teacher Chu, I've listened for a long time, and I still can't figure out what's so special about these death ruins. Chu Xining took a sip of tea, a mysterious smile appearing on her face. Now, here's the important part. Do you know why this ruin is named the ruins of death? I don't know that. Please enlighten me, teacher Chu, because all the creatures in those ruins, including humans, turn into skeletons once they die, and they're unkillable skeletons. Suchin's face showed surprise, and he couldn't help but blurt out, "My goodness, is it that outrageous? You turn into a skeleton immediately after death, and an unkillable skeleton at that. This ruin is too eerie. This team match might as well be called the feeding contest." When I first learned about the death ruins, I also thought it was outrageous, but it is indeed true and reliable information. And this teen competition is also known as 7 Days of Survival. Even if you manage to kill the monster, it will turn into an immortal skeleton. In such a situation, they simply cannot win and can only choose to run away. 666. Aren't they treating us like a suicide squad? The authorities haven't even investigated properly yet, and they've already let these second-year students in. They weren't afraid of being wiped out once they went in. Indeed, as you said, we are preparing to send you to explore the secrets of this ruin. But don't worry too much. There is a teleportation stone. If you encounter danger, just crush it and teleport out to give up. Such Chan chuckled coldly. I'm sure that even with teleportation stones, the casualties in the death ruins this time will be extremely high. Teleportation stones are not a magic bullet for survival. In dangerous situations, if you're not careful, you'll miss your chance. Suchin developed a strong interest in the eerie death ruins. Simply put, Such Chan was very curious about the strange phenomenon in the death ruins where killing any creature would turn it into a skeleton. If he could acquire this ability to kill all living beings and turn them into shadow soldiers, wouldn't all living beings in the world be soldiers? You're right. That's why it's called Battle Royale. Don't be reckless in there. And if you encounter any danger, get out right away. I'm not stupid. Teacher Chu, if you really can't beat me, just come out. Can't beat them. His goal is to break through the death ruins within 7 days. If you're young and not wild, you can't be wild when you're old and toothless, right? Chu Xeening looked at Su Chun with suspicion. Why was he being so obedient this time? He was probably planning something big, wasn't he? You'd better do this. Chu Xeening then took out several documents. The individual competition is about to begin. And these six people are the most competitive contenders for the championship besides you. Suchin took the documents and examined them one by one. The one at the top was the legendary god who had descended the mountain, Kong Lling. Name: Kong Ling. Power: The eldest son of the Kong family in Kun Mountain. Age 19. Realm level, fourth tier, first level. Special ability, child of light, level not announced. Note, where there is light, there is invincibility. Tsk tsk. No wonder he is a prodigy of Kunoon Mountain. Just this level of skill is something that 19year-olds can hardly reach. But Su Chin isn't 19 years old. He's 18. How are you feeling? Are you feeling the pressure? There's no pressure because he's facing a king who controls Eternal Knight. If it weren't for the fact that his superpowers hadn't reached SS level, the Eternal Knight King Such Chun would have been a bit more cautious. But now he is the king of eternal night. And with a single thought, eternal night descends, and darkness is his domain. Without light, wouldn't the so-called children of light be like tigers without claws, posing no threat whatsoever? This directly caused the so-called god who descended the mountain to be overwhelmed by pressure. Don't be too confident. Kong Llings strength is not to be underestimated. It wasn't that she didn't believe in Su Chens strength, but how could Kong Lling, as the child of light, be weak? If he were weak, why would Kun Mountain send him down the mountain to suppress the worldly prodigies? I know that. Pride comes before a fall, Such Chun said earnestly. Chu Xian nodded. Take your time to observe the other five contestants. Remember to gather at the arena tomorrow for the captain selection ceremony. Okay, that's all. Goodbye, Teacher Chu. Suchin waved. He turned and left, glancing at the documents in his hand. Besides Kong Lling, a formidable competitor, among the other five contestants was an acquaintance, Shinyang. As for the other four, they are all students from other superpowermies. It seems that it will most likely be a showdown between Kong Ling and the others. Suchin muttered to himself. Then he headed towards the virtual simulation arena. If he wanted to dominate all four leaderboards, how could he succeed without climbing the rankings? Although he has successfully skipped a grade, he is still number one on the freshman list. Unless someone can dethrone him from the top spot. As for his next goal, it's to be number one on the sophomore list. Virtual arena. At this moment, the place is teameing with people almost to the point of being overcrowded. Climbing the leaderboard earns academic credits and everyone wants to improve their ranking, so everyone is eager to try. Holy crap, Susan is here. Make way. A sudden exclamation came from the crowd and many people turned their heads all looking at Such Chun. Looks like Such Chan is planning to dominate the sophomore rankings this time. Pretty much. How many days do you think he'll need? 3 days. Mushwear has already achieved a 54ame winning streak. With Such Chin strength, achieving a 60-game winning streak within 3 days is absolutely no problem. Suchin remained calm and unmoved by their discussion. He climbed the rankings precisely to earn academic credits which were crucial to him. He stepped into the virtual pod and said, "Match me with an opponent of similar strength. Matching you with an opponent of similar skill. Please wait." Chapter 133. The King's Call. The Shadow Rises. Ding. Match successful. A mechanical prompt sounded in his ears, and Such Chan felt a flash of white light before his eyes. In the blink of an eye, he was teleported to the virtual arena. Meanwhile, his opponent, who had been brimming with confidence and eager to show off his skills on the ring, was now rubbing his hands together. But the moment his gaze fell on Such Sean, the confidence on his face instantly crumbled. Are you kidding me? Didn't we agree to be matched with opponents of similar skill? Can this be called evenly matched? In front of Such Sean, he would probably die a 100 times within three moves. Holy crap, I got matched with a god right from the start. The opponent inwardly groaned, a look of despair on his face, and couldn't help but curse. "Damn, this guy's got a god level fish smashing attack." After he finished cursing, he chose to surrender. Suchin paused slightly, then calmly uttered two words. "Next." The next 20 contestants, without exception, were like ants in front of Such Sean and were almost all instantly killed by him. Such Chan curled his lip in boredom and asked the system listlessly, "Brother Tong, how many kill points are needed for an SSS level ability? What are its characteristics?" In this boring battle, the only thing to do is ask the system to fight and drain your health. Ding! Requires 3 million kill points. Trait: King's Call. With just one shout, rise shadow. The shadows of all creatures will be at the host's disposal. Hearing the systems emotionless notification tone, Suchin couldn't help but swallow hard. A hint of shock flashing in his eyes. Wow, this SSS level dark type ability is a bit too overpowered. With a single call, 10,000 shadows submit. This is true invincible domination. Moreover, when he stood up, his shadow looked incredibly cool. But when he thought of the 3 million kill points, Suchin couldn't help but shake his head. This requires dozens of times more kill points than an SS level superpower. It's no easy feat. Thinking it over, Such Chun left the virtual simulation pod. The moment the pod door opened, he looked up and saw Jang Lure standing to the side, boasting excitedly, "Hey, brother-in-law, you're finally out." Jang Lur's eyes lit up, and he ran over excitedly, "What are you doing here? Trying to pick up girls? There are so many people here, but unfortunately, I didn't manage to pick up a single one." Jang Lu shrugged, a helpless expression on his face. He looks so refined and gentle. Why don't any girls like him? How did you flirt with him? Yeah, how about we get to know each other, beautiful lady? Jang Lu scratched his head awkwardly and replied, "Your tactics are so outdated. No wonder you're single." Seeing Su Chins words, Jang Lu asked curiously, "Brother, do you have some secret technique?" "Yes, I do. Want to learn? I'll teach you, Dad. I want to learn. You're my real dad. Jang Lure immediately perked up. It's simple. Why call me beautiful lady? Just call me mom and it'll work. Such Chun said, "Seriously." In his past life, Such Chan would scroll through videos and whenever a pretty woman appeared in the video, the comment section would be filled with comments from all over the place, including a chorus of mommy. Jang Lure looked incredulous and frowned as she asked, "No, does this really work? It works 100% of the time and you'll be invincible when you curse people out. Jang Lure scratched his head. How could calling for his mother to scold someone make him invincible? He asked with a puzzled look. Brother-in-law, tell me more. Look, when someone insults you, isn't the other person insulting your mother? If you call every pretty woman mom beforehand, you'll instantly have a whole bunch of mothers. If the other person calls you a dead horse, you'll say, "You'll never run out of them. You'll never run out of them. You'll have a whole bunch of mothers. Jang Luer felt like her brain was about to shut down, but then she felt that what Su Chan said made a lot of sense. Brother-in-law, that was a brilliant idea. Jang Lu gave a thumbs up. Suchin's lips twitched. If you believe it, you're not far from being a human. Jang Lure then realized what was happening and angrily said, "Brother, you Hey, don't rush. Let me teach you how to flirt with girls." Suchin smiled and walked towards a woman. As Jang Lure watched Su Chin walk towards a beautiful woman with pigtails, she thought to herself, "I'd like to see how he gets his comeuppance." "Hey, chick, you're pretty good-looking. Want to get a room?" Suchin winked at Xi Yaoya, who had just arrived, and a mischievous smile appeared on his face. Xiai Yao frowned, somewhat confused by Such Chun s meaning, but seeing him wink and make faces, she inexplicably agreed. "Fine, let's go. We're not afraid of you." The two left the virtual simulation hall immediately. Jang Lur's mouth gapd open, his face filled with shock. Had he really gotten her so quickly? No way. I want to try too. Jang Lure gritted her teeth, thinking to herself. He doesn't care about being good-looking, but he can find someone of average appearance, right? He approached a woman and mimicking Such Chun said, "Hey chick, not badl looking. Want to get a room?" "Yeah, shrimpheaded man. Girls, come quick. There's a shrimp head here." I'm not. I'm not. Jang Lu turned pale with fright and ran away. What? How come this is completely different? Such Chun, why didn't you come to see me when you came back? Xi Yayao stood in front of Su Shan, a hint of dissatisfaction on her face. I'm busy. I'll definitely do it next time. To become stronger, you always have to lose something. TCH excuses. Men's words are deceitful. Shi Yao snorted, feeling a little angry. Oh dear. I'll show you around Kyoto properly after this competition. I'm off now. Bye-bye. After Su Chin finished speaking, he prepared to head to the wilderness to obtain more killing points. While becoming stronger, get closer to that SSS level superpower. You stinky Sue Chun. Xiao Yao stomped her foot and cursed as she watched him leave. I'll definitely ignore him for 3 days next time. 3 days is too long, so let's make it 1 day then. A whole day seems a bit long, so let's make it half an hour. Okay, that's decided. I'll ignore him for a minute. Then the next day at 10:00 a.m. having spent the entire night slaying demonic beasts, Master Su, dragging his weary body, finally returned to the Kyoto Supernatural Ability Academyy's arena. Such Chen, you finally arrived. Chu X Shangyong greeted him warmly with a friendly smile. Director Chu, I'm sorry I'm a little late, Such Chin said apologetically. Haha, it's okay. We've been waiting for you. He pointed to a group of nine people in front of him. Look, these nine people are the nine people who will be competing with you. There are 10 contestants in total. Suchin looked up and saw the familiar Mushwear Jangl and seven other people. You can discuss and decide among yourselves who the team leader should be. Shu XY said, "Okay." Suchin responded and walked up to them. How are you going to proceed with the selection of the team leader? Susan, you're joking, aren't you? The captain has always been reserved for you. Yes, generally speaking, you are undoubtedly a captain with strong abilities. Susan, everyone spoke up, their faces full of admiration. Besides Su Chun, they couldn't think of anyone else who could be the captain. Even if they wanted to, they didn't have the ability. Su Chan was somewhat flattered, and just as he was about to speak, he heard a harsh, mocking voice. Huh? Is the selection of captains for this 200 college league really that prefuncter? Suchin looked over upon hearing the voice and saw a man speaking with a disdainful expression. He frowned. Could this person be brainless? Otherwise, why would they dare to talk about him like that? Chapter 134. Self-directed and self-acted. He's really going astray. He activated the detection function and examined the area carefully. Name: Louisifa. Faction: Members of the Blood Beast Church. Realm level, fourth tier, second level. Special ability rank B wolf transformation. Note, there's nothing to note. Such Chun frowned slightly, a hint of coldness flashing in his eyes. This person is actually a member of the bloodbeast church. But why is he jumping out so blatantly to mock me? Isn't he afraid of exposing his identity? Just as he was filled with confusion, another man stepped forward. Lu Fa, what do you know? You dare to mock Susan? Disguised as a student, Leelangs eyes flashed with a ruthless glint as he unhesitatingly punched and kicked Lu Fa. Lu Fa screamed in pain as he was beaten. Ouch. I'll never do it again. Help. Seeing this, Su Chins eyes flashed with a sharp light and he activated the detection function again. Name: Leang. Faction: Blood Beast Church. Azure Wolf Envoy. Realm level, fourth order, eighth level. Special ability class B disguise. Note, I think I've heard this name before. At this moment, the truth was revealed. A surge of anger welled up in Such Chin's heart. Good, good, good. This was clearly a self-directed and self-acted charade, an attempt to gain his favor. Moreover, isn't this so-called envoy of the Azure Wolf the culprit who once sent people to assassinate him? How dare they walk into the lion's den? Do they really think Su Chun is easy to bully? Susan, I taught him a lesson for you. Don't mind him. You're my idol. Leang plastered a fawning smile on his face and quickly walked up to Such Chun. Such Chin's lips curled into a faint cold smile. Thanks, but you went a bit too easy on me. What are we going to do about it? Leang was stunned, a look of doubt on his face. They were all beaten black and blue, yet it was considered light. Then how about I teach you a few more lessons? Leang tentatively asked. No need. I can do it myself. As Luifa watched Su Chun approached step by step, a sense of fear welled up in his heart, and he involuntarily swallowed. This plot isn't right, is it? Shouldn't he come out and mock Lee Lang, get a lesson from him, and then be able to run away smoothly? Were you the one who mocked me just now? Susan, I was wrong. I'll never mock you again. Lu Fa was so frightened that his face turned pale, and he begged for mercy in a trembling voice. I don't like apologizing. The killing scythe materialized out of thin air, and with a mere flick of his wrist, Lu Fa's arm was instantly severed. Blood gushed out like a fountain, splattering all over the faces and bodies of those around them. This scene shocked everyone present, and they all gasped in astonishment. "Huh?" He just made a sarcastic remark, and they cut off his arm. "Is this outrageous? Holy crap. I'm too scared to say anything next time." Leang stood frozen in place, his eyes filled with astonishment. He couldn't help but wonder who exactly is a member of the bloodbeast church. Such Chin be so ruthless. It's absolutely outrageous. Chu X Shangyong frowned, a hint of doubt flashing in his eyes. Suchin's personality was strong, but surely not cruel enough. Such Chun, you. What are you doing? But your classmate Luifa kicked his legs and retreated in panic. Classmate, aren't you going to unleash the blood beast church's halfhuman, half beast form? Lu Fa's pupils contracted instantly and a sense of despair welled up in his heart. Such Chan actually discovered it, but that shouldn't be the case. He joined the heretical sect at 17, then entered the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy through the college entrance exam and has never been discovered in the past 3 years. Such Chun, what nonsense are you spouting? Lu Fa tried to conceal his identity. Die. Without uttering a single word, Such Chin severed Luifa's head with a single sythe. Killed Lu Fa. Tier four level two kill points plus. Leang was already sweating profusely, his back soaked with sweat. This script is totally wrong. How did Lu Fa expose himself so quickly? No. Now the only option is to turn the tables. Such Chun, what were you thinking when you killed a student without authorization? Leang preemptively struck, his face filled with righteous indignation. If Such Chun is convicted, he's finished. Luckily, he's smart. Seeing Liangs rapid change of expression, Su Chun laughed and said, "Your real name is Lee Lang, also known as the Azure Wolf Envoy, isn't it?" Leang was suddenly shocked. Holy crap, oneclick account opening. Such Chun, what nonsense are you talking about? Don't you dare disrupt our student unity. Leang tried to remain calm and loudly defended himself. We absolutely cannot be exposed here or we'll be dead. Suchin looked at Chu Xang Yong. Director Chu, trust me and I'll take him down. Chu Xang Yong only thought for three seconds before stepping forward in a flash, shouting, "Surrender obediently." Upon seeing this, Leang grinned. "Haha, you guys still found out." In an instant, the features of a wolf appeared on him. A wolf's tail, wolf's claws. He suddenly reached back and grabbed Chu Xangyang, preparing to escape. Furious, Chu Xang Yang was furious and slapped his hand, sending a huge light seal flying directly at him. The powerful blow sent him crashing down dozens of meters away, barely clinging to life. Such Chun, "It's a good thing you figured it out," Chu Xang Yang said with lingering fear. Unexpectedly, two members of the Bloodbeast Church managed to infiltrate his Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy. "It seems they've become a bit lax lately." Suchin walked directly towards Leang and asked, "Who sent you?" Shinlang chuckled evil. "Suchun, you beast, I won'tt tell you." He took out a pill and prepared to swallow it to commit suicide. Suchin stepped forward and knocked the pills out of his hand, saying, "Why are you in such a hurry to die? You can't possibly let me go, can you?" Suchin nodded. I'll let you go this time, but I'll kill you next time. These words left Lang completely bewildered. Could it be that he had misunderstood Suchin? He just called Suchin a beast. He deserves to die. However, Suchin turned around and came back, a wicked smile on his face. Hello, we meet again. With a swing of the demonic scythe, his head was severed. Killed. To let him die from poison, we'd only lose a few thousand kill points. After killing these two people, his kill points combined with the kills he made last night had reached 140,000. Damn. I thought Such Chan was indiscriminately killing innocent people. But it turns out he has a discerning eye. Yes, I never expected that our Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy would have people from the blood beast church as expected of God Sue. His judgment of people is truly accurate. Huh, what a show of power. At this moment, a strange voice rang out. Then they heard footsteps approaching from afar, and Lee Yinan walked over with some wedding invitations. She looked at Su Chun, her eyes filled with hatred like burning flames. It's all his fault. If it weren't for him, she wouldn't have married that old man. She was about to use her charm to control him and make Such Chin kneel down and be humiliated in front of everyone. Let him experience the feeling of falling from heaven to hell. Chapter 135. The weak flock together, the strong face alone. Lean, what are you doing here? Suchin asked, somewhat confused. Of course, I'm here to send out invitations. Leian Wan gritted her teeth, her eyes burning with anger. She walked towards Chu Shangyong. Din Shu, you must grace us with your presence at the wedding banquet tonight. Chu X Shang Yang accepted the invitation, his brows furrowing in a deep frown as he remains silent for a long time. The patriarch of the Chu family is already over a hundred years old. Yet, he still holds such a grand wedding banquet. He really knows how to make a fuss. Yes, I'll definitely go when I have time. Seeing that the invitation had been successfully delivered, Lein Wan turned to Such Chun and took out another invitation from her sleeve. Such Chan, do you dare to come tonight? She gently placed the invitation in Such Chen's hand, her eyes instantly sparkling with hearts, her gaze full of allure. Such Chan was about to refuse when he suddenly felt a seductive mental force sweep over him, eroding his brain. His black eyes gradually turned light pink, and his gaze became somewhat unfocused. Seeing this, Le Yinwan proudly raised her chin. Her special ability, charm, was her forte, a deadly weapon against those who hadn't cultivated spiritual power. Anyone who hasn't cultivated mental power will basically be successfully bewitched by her. She glanced around, her eyes filled with defiance. Do you believe I can make Such Chin kneel before me? What nonsense, you arrogant fool. You think you can make me, God Sue, kneel down. That's right. Who do you think you are? You should take a piss and look at yourself in the mirror. Get out of here. You're about to marry a centinarian, and you still have the nerve to embarrass yourself here. Lean Wans face flushed red instantly, and her hands clenched so tightly that her nails dug into her flesh. Since they don't believe her, let them see what she's capable of. She turned around abruptly and commanded loudly, "Such Chun, kneel down." However, she was met with Su Chins icy, piercing gaze. "You are you ordering me around?" As soon as he finished speaking, Such Chun grabbed Lee Yinwans fair neck with his large hand. The alluring power did work, but unfortunately, Such Chan s cultivated mental strength quickly broke free of its control, and he regained his senses. Since Lein Wan is so reckless, he doesn't need to show any mercy. You, Lein Wan's face turned blue from being choked, her eyes filled with fear. How could you possibly wake up so quickly? Even though she is a level four charm expert, she can usually maintain control for a few minutes. So why did Such Chin return to normal in just a few seconds? Don't compare me to those trash. Such Chan s grip tightened. Cough. Cough. Let go. I'm Chuanin's woman. You can't treat me like this. Leian Wan struggled desperately, trying to intimidate Such Chan with Chuanin's name. Do you think I'd be afraid of him? Such Chin sneered, then exerted a sudden burst of strength, lifting Lee Yan Juan up and slamming her down hard. Boom! With a loud crash, a large crater was instantly created in the ground, sending debris flying and blood splattering everywhere. Lean head was deeply embedded in the ground. A horrific scene. "If you dare to act like a jerk again, I'll kill you." Suchin tossed Lean aside like trash. She was already unconscious. Her face covered in blood and looking utterly disheveled. Holy crap. Susan is really awesome. He took down Lein Wan with just one punch. Serves him right. Susan already went easy on him. This kind of person needs to be taught a lesson. Seeing this, Chu Xang Yong looked helpless and shook his head. Someone carry her away for treatment. He walked up to Such Chan and said, "Kid, go easy on her. After all, she's Chu Schwanin's woman. I never hold back when I strike. Such Chin said calmly. Chu Xang Yong smiled helplessly. All right, then. Are you going to the wedding banquet tonight? Why not go? Even if it's a trap, I'll still go. The Chu family wouldn't act openly and honestly. They would only engage in shady dealings, but he was fearless. I knew you were going. Fine, I'll go with you. I'll also call the principal. Let's see who dares to mess with you. Anyone who dares to touch Su Chan Chu XY will be the first to disagree. and the principal will be the second. He he then thank you very much director Chu. Don't mention it. Now you can continue discussing the captain's matter. Such Chin nodded, walked to the group of 10, and had just begun to say, "Captain!" When everyone shouted in unison, "We unanimously agree, Susan, you should be the captain." Their eyes were full of trust and expectation. As long as Such Chun was the captain, their team would never be bullied. If anyone dares to bully them, Such Chan will definitely make them regret it. Such Chun, you should be the captain, Mushwe said. Such Chan hesitated for a moment, then said, "All right, I'll take on the role of captain." Mushwear asked. Captain Sue, will you participate in our training sessions? Let's skip this one. I prefer to go it alone. Team training naturally involves 10 people understanding each other's information and cooperating in combat, which is suitable for team competitions. but he prefers to work alone. The weak go about in groups while the strong walk alone. Okay, sure. Mushwear replied calmly that she had expected Such Chun not to participate in the team training. It would be strange if Su Chin participated in the training. Besides selecting a team leader, is there anything else? Yes. Mushuer took out her phone and opened her photo album. Take a look at the team uniforms. Which one should we choose? Suchin took the phone and began to carefully select items. There are three sets of team uniforms in the album. The first set is mainly white with Kyoto style icons which looks simple and elegant. The second set is mainly gold with a golden sun icon which is dazzling. The third set is mainly black with a black dragon icon which exudes a doineering aura. Let's go with the third set. What do you all think? Suchin asked looking at everyone. I don't care. Mushed said then looked at her teammates behind her. What about you? Of course it's the third set. As descendants of Yan and Huang and the dragon, we should naturally choose the third set. That's right, the third one. The first one is too girly. The second one is too flashy. The third one is the most suitable. Okay, the third set it is. Such Chan made the decision immediately. Also, when will these team uniforms be issued? The day before the competition starts, which is tomorrow, Mushwear replied, Okay, help me carry it when the time comes. If there's nothing else, I'll go back to slaying monsters. Such Chan turned to leave. He planned to spend the next two days in the wilderness unless something important happened. Since we've already declared our intention to defeat the god who descended the mountain, we must be absolutely certain of victory. If you do it, that's called ability. If you don't, that's just bragging. Go. Mushwear was a little speechless. Surely Suchin wouldn't fall in love with the demon beast. While everyone else was cultivating to prepare for the Hundred Schools League, Su Chun was either hunting monsters or on his way to hunt monsters. She really couldn't understand why Such Chan was still improving so quickly even though he spent all his time hunting monsters. Could it be that Such Chan could become stronger just by hunting monsters? But such an idea is too naive. Obviously, such a strange thing wouldn't happen. Chapter 136. God slaying arena guidance match inside the military abilities academy. The atmosphere was enthusiastic and full of anticipation. The Gods Slayer Arena in Kyoto. We'll set off immediately and try to arrive tomorrow for a day of rest, said Jeang Ming, the secondyear director. The 100 schools league as highly anticipated events are mostly held in large arenas in Kyoto or Shanghai. This arrangement serves two purposes. Firstly, it facilitates ticket sales, attracts a large audience, and maximizes the competition's influence. Secondly, it provides an excellent platform for participating teams to showcase their strengths. Last year's singles competition was held in Shanghai, while this year it's Kyoto's turn. Jangming thought to himself, "As for next year, the Shanghai province, where their military ability academy is located, may also be able to win the right to host the event. After all, as long as they can win the team championship, they will have enough say and confidence. Thinking of this, his gaze unconsciously fell on Kong Lang. Kong Ling, the champion of the team competition, will definitely go all out and wreak havoc. Ugg. When will our Shanghai province be able to host this competition? It's such a hassle to have to take a plane. Yeah, I really envy the students in Kyoto. They don't have to travel so hard in advance. Looking at his teammates, Jangming smiled and reassured them, "Don't complain. This year we have Kong Ling, and it's not impossible that next year's 100 schools league will be held in our Shanghai province." Then he looked at Kong Lling and asked, "Are you confident in taking down Su Chin from Kyoto?" Kong Ling slowly raised his eyes. "My goal in coming down the mountain is him. Do you think I have confidence?" "Huh, that's good," Jangming said with a big smile. It's time to put some pressure on Kyoto and Shanghai, these two overlords, and let them know that the Military Ability Academy of Shanghai Province is not to be trifled with. "Master Kong is awesome. This forum predicts that 60% of people believe you can win," one student exclaimed. Kong Ling frowned slightly. "H, what prediction?" The teammate walked up to him, handed him his phone, and said, "This is the official app of the 100 schools league. It has a poll for the champion and predictions for the winning team and you have a 66% support rate for your matchup against Such Chun. Kong Lling took the phone and examined it carefully. The screen displayed voting options for the top 10 champions, the champion team, and various predictions for the head-to-head matches. Among them, the predictions for his PK with Such Chun were the most intense. Kong Ling received 680,91 votes, while Such Chin received 448,096 votes. Huh? There are still over 400,000 votes for Such Chin to win. Kong Ling was somewhat displeased. In terms of cultivation level alone, he had already reached the fourth level, first stage. What did Suchin have to compare with him? He had to admit that Su Chan was indeed a prodigy. To achieve such success at the age of 18 was truly astonishing. Back when Kong Ling was 18, he hadn't even broken through to the third rank yet. However, Su Chun has grown so fast and even shattered the Kun prophecy. So, he should be suppressed to some extent. Even if Su Chan might surpass him in the future, Kong Ling must at least achieve victory in this 100 schools league. He those people are blind. You, Kong Shan, can easily defeat Su Chun, the team member said obsequiously. Kong Lling waved his hand. No need to say that. I know what I'm doing. Once the competition starts, I'll have to see for myself how strong Su Chun is. He will prove with his abilities how blind those 4000 plus votes were. At night, the Chu family mansion was brightly lit, creating a festive atmosphere. Today is the joyous occasion of the Chu family patriarch. The mansion is decorated with lanterns and colorful streamers, and is filled with guests, including a group of prominent figures. However, the atmosphere inside the room was completely different. Chuanin's face was full of anger. Did Suchin really beat you up like this? Chu Xian asked in a cold tone. Yes, ancestor, you must stand up for me. I didn't provoke him at all, and he suddenly attacked me so cruy, Lein Wan said, her face full of grievance and her eyes filled with tears. Oomph. To be honest, Suchun isn't the kind of person who would attack without a reason. Leian hesitated for a moment before speaking. I used my charm ability to make him kneel down and embarrass himself, but I didn't expect him to sober up so quickly and then beat me up like this. This is outrageous. Chu Xian suddenly stood up, his hands clenched into fists, emanating a powerful aura. All she did was try to use her charm ability to make Su Chun kneel down, and Such Chun actually resorted to such ruthless tactics. Besides, Li Yin is also Chu Schwanin's woman. Even when beating a dog, one should consider its owner. How dare Su Chun be so arrogant, challenging his authority time and time again. Don't worry, now that you're with me, I certainly won't let you suffer any injustice. In his eyes, Lean Juan was nothing more than a tool of his. But if the tool was beaten, he as the master would also lose face. Thank you, ancestor. I will serve you wholeheartedly from now on. A hint of smuggness flashed in Li Yinwans eyes, but she spoke flattering words. In fact, she had already planned to curry favor with Kong Lling once the Hundred Schools League started. As long as she can get close to Kong Ling, who in the entire capital would dare to disrespect her. Chu Xian snorted and looked at her coldly. Stop having any crooked thoughts. He knew Leian too well. She was like an ungrateful dog. Yan wouldn't dare. Ancestor, please calm your anger. Lean hurriedly lowered her head. Chu Xian ignored her and instead called out loudly, "Chuyu." With a call, Chu hurried in, "Ances, what do you need me for? What level are you at now?" Reporting to Ancestor, "I am currently at the fourth level of the fourth rank." Shuyu raised his head slightly, his tone carrying a hint of pride. "Then do you know Su Chin's cultivation level?" "I don't know, but I've heard it's the eighth level of the third rank." Shuyu answered truthfully. Well, at the banquet later, I'll have you give Such Chin a pointer match. Can you take on this important task? Since Su Chun is so arrogant, then today's banquet with so many powerful forces gathered will be a perfect opportunity for him to lose face in a single pointer match. Chuyu is at the fourth level of the fourth rank, which is six levels lower than Such Chun. This difference of one major rank is something that even a prodigy like Su Chun would find difficult to overcome. What do you mean, Ancestor? Chu asked somewhat puzzled. What I mean is, of course, you should go all out. If Su Chun isn't taught a lesson, he'll be completely out of control. Even the disciples of top aristocratic families have to be extremely respectful to Chu Shienin. But Such Chin addresses him as old by Deng all the time. Moreover, he investigated Su Chin's identity and found that Su Chun was an orphan with no parents and could not even kidnap his parents to threaten him. Ancestor. Isn't this a bit like the strong bullying the weak? Chuyu hesitated. He was at the fourth level of the fourth rank and in the guidance competition, he could easily defeat Such Chan. H. What I want is for the strong to bully the weak. Let Su Chun learn a lesson and also vent liger. This is to vent my anger, but later I'll make Such Chun die. However, Master Shuanji s nightmare weaving technique has not yet reached the fourth level. So he cannot use underhanded tactics against such. He was waiting for the person who had woven his dreams to reappear. At that time, Master Schwanji can take the opportunity to devour the other party sd dream path and reached the fourth level of the nightmare weaving technique causing Su Chun to suffer day and night until he dies. Chapter 137. A guided match that defeated the opponent. Chu nodded and said, "Ances, I know what I'm doing and I will definitely not show any mercy. The usual guidance competitions are meant to be friendly, pointing out each other's shortcomings in cultivation and promoting mutual progress. But well, since Su Shan is too arrogant, well just have to resort to dirty tricks. Shu Xian said expressionlessly, taking out a dark-colored pill and tossing it to Leanian Juan. Eat this, then come with me to greet the guests. Yes, ancestor. Lean Juan took the pill and swallowed it in one gulp. The three of them left the room and headed outside to greet the distinguished guests. The Kyoto Academy villa was filled with the misty heat of water. Having just finished showering, Such Chan exuded a refreshing aura, and the fatigue from fighting monsters all day dissipated. The day's hard work paid off, accumulating a staggering 254,800 kill points. System directly raised my cultivation level to the fourth rank, first level. Now that Kong Ling has reached the fourth level and first stage, he absolutely cannot fall behind others, consumed 120,000 kill points, level up four tiers, and one level. In an instant, a powerful force surged within Su Chin's body, and the invisible threshold that had stood between the 10th level of the third rank and the first level of the fourth rank shattered instantly like paper. The overwhelming aura of the fourth tier first level cultivator swept over Such Chin's entire body like a surging tide. Phew. Fourth tier. Such Chun breathed a sigh of relief. With his current fourth tier strength, he was confident that he could defeat even a fourth tier fourth level expert. If you can't challenge opponents of higher levels, even with cheat codes, that would be incredibly embarrassing. System: Upgrade the nine Netherworld undying body to the third level. After spending 80,000 kill points, the nine netherworld undying body has been successfully upgraded to the third level. Ding! Congratulations, host. The inscription of the nine netherworld undying body dark runes has begun. Dark patterns. That's right. The body needs to be eroded by the essence of demonic beasts and powerful dark elements in order to complete the dark rune inscription. So much trouble system. Can you add points with one click? No, host. This needs to be personally inscribed by you. It's also a way to strengthen your physique. Seeing the systems response, Such Chun felt a little helpless. What's the purpose of those dark patterns? There are many types of runes, such as speed runes, summoning runes, destruction runes, power runes. Each rune can provide a 100% boost, and up to three runes can be engraved. Upon hearing this, Such Chan was slightly takenback and gasped. This nine Netherworld undying body is truly heavenying. If all three summoning runes were inscribed on it, wouldn't the summoned shadow soldiers receive a three-fold boost? With the added boost from Eternal Knight, it's a four-fold increase. If he could cultivate to the sixth level and become an immortal death god, just how terrifying would his strength be. Such Chan was filled with excitement and anticipation. It seems I need to find a way to collect some highle monster blood essence. As for the problem of dark element erosion, perhaps we can seek help from a powerful dark element expert to solve it. Finally, Suchin added all of his remaining 50 0000 plus kill points to his mental power. Congratulations, host. You have consumed 58,000 kill points, and your mental strength realm has been upgraded to the seventh level of the initial understanding realm. In an instant, Such Chan felt his mental energy surge like a flood, almost doubling in size. His senses became increasingly acute. He could clearly detect even the slightest sound of a silver needle falling hundreds of meters away. "Ph, my mental cultivation speed is almost catching up with that of a sixth level expert, isn't it?" Suchin exclaimed inwardly. "You should know that people only start cultivating spiritual power at the fifth level. But he has already reached the seventh level of the initial understanding realm at the fourth level. Far ahead." After closing the system panel, Such Chun called softly, "Shia Hua, come out." The AI robot X Shiawa appeared in front of Su Chun. Search for fifth and sixth tier dark elemental combat techniques. Su Chun instructed. With hundreds of millions of credits now available, it's time to purchase new combat skills to enhance our strength. Master, we have found it for you. Xiaawa's voice was clear and melodious. Suchin looked at the combat skills displayed on the screen, his gaze sweeping over the many options, and finally locked onto a fifth tier combat skill, Shadow Raven. Tier five combat skill, shadow raven, can condense a dark elemental raven. The raven can share the viewpoint. Great stuff. With this combat skill, I can spy on others taking a bath without anyone noticing. Just then, Principal Zong Tans voice came from outside the villa. Such Chun, it's getting late. You should go to the banquet. Okay. Suchin replied and quickly ran out. Outside the Chu family mansion, there was a lively and bustling atmosphere. Chuhi, the head of the Chu family, beamed with joy. Huh? Welcome, Patriarch Jang. Jang Chonga nodded slightly. Patriarch Chu, there's no need to be so polite. This is just a small gift I brought. I hope you'll accept it. Chuhi accepted the gift with both hands and said with a smile, "Then I will accept it without being impolite." Patriarch Jang, "Please come inside." Jang Chonga nodded and stepped into the Chu family mansion. Subsequently, representatives from various major powers in Kyoto arrived one after another, and Shu Ha warmly welcomed them all. Not long after, Chuhi saw Zing Tianan, Chu, Xangyang, and Su Chin walking over and hurly stepped forward. Principal Zang, I thought you weren't coming. Ztian and smiled and said, "Look at what Patriarch Chu is saying. How could I not come? This is just a small token of my gratitude." As he spoke, he handed over a storage ring. Chuhi accepted the storage ring and said politely, "Principal Zun, your presence is a great honor for the Chu family. As for the gifts, they are really nothing. This is a custom, so please accept it, Patriarch Chu. All right, then. Principal Z, please come inside." Chewy smiled and led everyone into the mansion. Tsktsk, the Chu family mansion is truly magnificent. Suchin couldn't help but exclaim. A family of noble lineage with its profound heritage is naturally extraordinary. Chu X Shangyong explained. The three chatted as they walked towards the banquet hall. The banquet hall was already full of guests and the atmosphere was lively. Chu Xianin dressed in a magnificent brocade robe was chatting and laughing with representatives of various powerful forces. Upon seeing Zing Tiann and the others enter, he immediately stood up and greeted them with a smile. Principal Zong, how have you been? Chu Xianin said, cupping his hands and greeting Shenin. Congratulations, Zing. Tiann responded with a smile. But in his heart, he was quite puzzled as to why Chu Xian at the age of 100 would take a 20-year-old woman as a concubine. Haha, not at all. Chu Xian laughed modestly, then turned his gaze to Such Chun. Young friend, could you do me a favor today? Oh, what do you mean? What is this old man Biden up to now? It's nothing much. I just wanted my eldest son, Shu Yu, to have a friendly match with young friend Such Chun, just to add some fun to today's banquet. I hope you'll do me the honor, Chu Xian said with a smile, but his eyes revealed a hint of undeniable authority. Upon hearing this, Su Chun frowned slightly. A mentoring competition? That's right, Chu Shinine called Chu over. I am the eldest son of the Chu family. I am at the fourth level of the fourth rank. This is a guidance competition with you. This level is neither too high nor too low. It will allow you to gain something and also help you correct the mistakes in your cultivation. Junior brother Such Chun, I've long admired your name, Chui said with a smile. Such Chan sneered inwardly. This was no match for guidance. It was clearly a ploy to have Chuyu defeat him in public and embarrass him. Such Chan simply grinned at this, trying to embarrass me in a mentoring match. Wouldn't you be furious if I beat you? Chapter 138. Who is stronger? Insubordination. Shenin, tonight is your home turf. How can you let a junior steal the spotlight? Zingtian said, trying to help Such Chin out of the predicament. Anyone with eyes could see that Chu Schwanins hidden scheme behind his smile was clearly an attempt to use this so-called mentoring competition to suppress Such Chan as Such Chin's principal. How could Zing Tian sit idly by? What are you saying, Tannin? This world will belong to these young people in the future. Don't you think so, young friend Such Chan? Chu Xianin said with a fake smile. All right, enough with the nonsense. I accept this challenge. Isn't he just trying to provoke me into agreeing? Then so be it. As for wanting to embarrass himself. Sorry, Such Chuan is not someone to be trifled with. Upon hearing Su Chens answer, Zing Tiann was taken aback. Such Chun, this is Ancestor Chus home turf. You can't accept this guidance match. He had some doubts in his heart. Such Chin's decision this time seemed a bit reckless. Could it be that he really had the strength to win? But if you think about it carefully, Su Chan was only at the eighth level of the third rank a few days ago, which is a whole level six levels lower than Shuyu. This gap is too big, and the possibility of him winning is extremely slim. Principal Zong, this is just a pointer competition. It's only meant to be a brief exchange, Su Chin said calmly. This Zing Tian hesitated for a moment, but finally nodded. Okay, I will remind you to stop when you're done. Regardless, if Such Chan is about to lose, he will immediately remind him to end the match. And he must not let Such Chin suffer too much damage. Chuanin's lips curled into a cold smile, his eyes filled with contempt. This Su Chun is indeed arrogant. He took the bait immediately after being provoked. A third tier, eighth level cultivator wants to defeat a fourth tier, fourth level cultivator. No one in the entire Dragon Kingdom can do that. taking advantage of the fact that all the major forces are here tonight. Let's make Su Chun lose face properly. Huh? Thank you for gracing us with your presence, young friend Such Chin. Please, the three distinguished guests, take your seats first. Chu Xianin smiled insincerely and gestured for them to proceed. The three of them then took their seats on the side. Seeing them leave, Chu Xian looked at Chu Yu and said, "You know what to do later, right? Don't worry, ancestor. I will make Su Chin Lu's face. Chu clenched his fist slightly as expected of the eldest son of the Chu family. Chu Shini nodded in satisfaction. The two exchanged a smile and then went to greet the new guests. Such Chun and the other two took their seats. Xanyang Yang, why don't you seem flustered at all when Suchin falls into the trap. Zung Tian and looked at Chu Xang Yong with puzzlement in his eyes. Chu XY grinned mischievously. Do you think Such Chun would do something he's not sure of? Such Chin's personality, he would never do something without being sure of success. Such Chun dared to agree, so he must have been absolutely certain of success. After all, the Kyoto Superpower Academyy's motto is in every competition, if Such Chun is involved, then throw at Such Chun. If Such Chun is not involved, then throwing randomly is not a free lunch. Zing Tian and asked somewhat puzzled, "Such Chun, are you confident?" Such Chun smiled mysteriously. You'll see whether I'm confident or not later principal. Indeed, he never does anything without being certain. He was absolutely confident that he could Chu Yu, who was at the fourth level of the fourth rank. Upon seeing this, Zing Tian and stroked his chin, pondering to himself, was Such Chin truly capable, or was it a reckless act? A dozen minutes later, the entire banquet hall was almost full. The magnificent chandelier cast a soft glow, and the guests conversed in hush tones, gradually creating a tense atmosphere. Chuhi, the head of the Chu family, arrived at the main stage at the front of the banquet hall and loudly proclaimed. Welcome guests from all powerful factions to attend my ancestors celebratory banquet. As soon as he finished speaking, applause erupted from the audience, rising and falling like waves. I won't waste any more pleasantries. Please welcome the guests of honor at today's celebratory banquet of the Chu family. Old ancestor Chu and Li Yin Wan. He waved his hand and Chu Xian dressed in a red brocade robe walked out from behind his hand linked with Li Yin Wanss. Chuanin's face was beaming with a smug smile and his eyes revealed a hint of pride. He walked up to the main stage and said loudly, "Welcome all the major powers to give me face and come to support me. Ancestor Chu, you're too kind. It's our honor that you could come. Yes, Elder Chu is still as vigorous as ever. He could easily marry a few more. Harah, perhaps well even see old ancestor Chu's son. Various factions offered their flattery, their voices echoing throughout the banquet hall. The Dragon Kingdom does not have a system of monogamy. Strong men have multiple wives and concubines, and even strong women can have several men. This is also to ensure that the genes of some strong individuals can produce more children with good genes. Chu Xianin smiled broadly. All right, everyone. Before the wedding banquet officially begins, I would like to invite my young friend Su Chun and my eldest son Chu to prepare for a pointer competition so that everyone can broaden their horizons. As soon as he finished speaking, almost all the major forces present looked at Such Chan. Such Chun and the others naturally knew that he was a peerless genius of this generation. What puzzled them was why Su Chan would accept this guidance competition. Chu Yu, the eldest son of the Chu family, was far ahead of Su Chun in terms of cultivation level. Behind this mentoring competition, it's obvious that the Chu family is suppressing them. Upon hearing this, Jang Chong Ha, who was drinking alone in silence, had his eyes light up instantly and a gloating smile appeared on his lips. Hoomph, this is going to be good. Two weeks ago, when he sent Jang Shir to that lightning type secret realm, he learned upon his return that Su Chin's superpower had advanced to SS level. This made him feel like crying. What about his son's desperate efforts to advance to SS level superpower? This pent-up frustration had been weighing on his mind, making him very unhappy. Today, Such Chin agreed to be taught a lesson in the guidance competition just to make him happy. Such Chan stood up and said, "In a mentoring competition, the strong usually mentor the weak. So, if I, as the weak one, defeat the strong one, I should be fine, right? Who's stronger or weaker yet?" and he's already trying to defy his superiors. Of course, nothing will happen. Just show us what you're capable of, young friend. Such Chun Chuanins lips curled up slightly, revealing a disdainful smile. Suchin's attempt to defy the odds was nothing but a pre-match fantasy. All right, when do we start? Suchin asked, his tone devoid of any fear. Now is fine. Chu Xian paused for a moment, then continued. I've long heard that young friend Su Chun has achieved the golden bone realm. How about he competes with my eldest son, Chuyu, to see how many waves of my micro pressure he can withstand? After all, I think everyone wants to see the golden bone realm, right? A hint of calculation flashed in his eyes. Chu Yu, the eldest son of the Chu family, possessed physical talent and was at the fourth level of the fourth tier. The pressure he could withstand was definitely greater than that of Su Chun, who possessed golden bones. Although his golden bones are strong, Such Chin's physique and cultivation level are definitely inferior to Chuyu's. Then let's take this opportunity to make Su Chun lose face in every way. Even gods can fall from their pedestals. Chapter 139. The Golden Bones reappear. Fight along with me. Such Chun sneered inwardly. These people had underestimated the power of the golden bone. Not to mention his third level of the nine netherworld undying body which already made his physique comparable to that of a fourth level or even fifth level expert. The added blessing of his golden bones. No one of his level could withstand the pressure he endured. All right then. Today I'll show everyone what golden bones are. Suchin readily agreed. Good. As expected of the number one genius of our dragon kingdom. You have guts. Chu Xianin said with fain flattery. Suchin has been hailed as a god by everyone for too long. He must be extremely arrogant. Today we will definitely expose his true colors. Chu Xian summoned Chuyu to his side. First have him compete with Su Chun to see how many rounds of pressure he can withstand before the guidance match. Chu nodded secretly delighted. Wasn't this exactly what he wanted? His special ability is physical and with his cultivation level six levels higher than Such Chen's, how could he possibly lose this match. Wow, this banquet is really exciting. We can even see a fierce battle between Su Chun and Shuyu. Yes. So, who do you think has more tolerance for micro pressure? Such Chun, the Golden Bone Technique, isn't just a name for nothing. That's not right. Even if Such Chun has golden bones, his physique is still weak and his cultivation level is six levels lower. How can he possibly compete with that? The banquet hall was a buzz with discussion with most people favoring Chuyu. After all, in their understanding, realm has always been the absolute symbol of strength. Are you all ready? Chu Shinin asked. Chu Yu and Su Chin stood in the center of the banquet and said in unison, "Ready?" Chu Xian nodded, raised his hand, and slowly released an invisible pressure that began to permeate the air. This is the first wave of pressure. Let's call it the first level of the fourth rank. He waved his hand downwards and the majesty of the fourth level first stage swept over Such Chun and Chu Yu like a surging wave. In an instant, the ground around the two began to tremble violently and dust flew everywhere. Such Chun, however, acted as if nothing had happened. His face remaining completely calm. The pressure from the fourth tier, first level aura was nothing to him. He already possessed the strength of the fourth tier first level aura and could easily withstand it. Chuyu originally thought Su Chan would have some difficulty, but seeing that he had no reaction, he was startled. After thinking for a moment, he felt that it must be the golden bone that was working, so he thought it was normal. Too weak. Strengthen it. Suchin said coldly. Seeing this, Chu Xian snorted, "Fourth rank, third level towards Such Chun and Chu Yu like an even stronger storm. Chu Xianin raised his eyes, expecting to see Su Chun unable to hold on, but saw that he remained calm. How could this be? Chu Xenin was shocked. Wasn't Su Chin only at the third level, eight stage? How could he withstand pressure that exceeded his own level by five and still be unharmed? Without giving him much time to think, Chu Yuyu immediately said, "Ances, strengthen." Such can request reinforcements, and so can Chuyu. Good. Chu Xian gritted his teeth and suddenly raised his hand. This time the pressure of the fourth level six stage was like a tidal wave pressing down on Su Chun and Shu Yu. I don't believe you won't kneel. Chu Xian said darkly, his eyes fixed on Such Chan, eager to see him in a sorry state. However, when he looked at Su Chun, he remained completely unmoved. This Such Chan can actually withstand such pressure. That's incredible. Wow. Is Golden Bone that strong? Everyone gasped, their eyes filled with shock and disbelief. They were filled with curiosity, wanting to see just how far Suchin could go. Didn't you eat? Suchin suddenly looked up, a hint of mockery in his eyes. You, Chu Xian was utterly enraged, his face turning pale, and then flushed. Fourth tier, 10th level pressure. He swung his hand down suddenly, and an incredibly powerful and suffocating pressure instantly spread out. The surrounding ground began to sink violently and cracks spread outwards like the mouths of ferocious beasts. The Buddha's image in golden form as the pressure of the fourth order 10th level descended. Chu Yuyus expression changed and he hurriedly activated his own special ability in an attempt to resist this powerful pressure. Suchin simply grinned and the killing demon scythe instantly materialized. He braced himself against the killing demon scythe with one hand, forcefully withstanding the pressure of the fourth level, 10th level power. A golden bone appears only once every 300 years. The value of a golden bone is not something to be boasted about, and it cannot be subdued by such a small pressure. This child is terrifying. Many people were secretly amazed and gassed in surprise. They finally realized that Jingu was not someone that just anyone could easily scam. Old Biden, is that all the intimidation you've got? Suchin decided to drop the pretense and continued speaking, his voice filled with sarcasm. Chu Xian was completely enraged, his anger burning fiercely. Just what kind of monster was this? Such Chun Chu has already activated his superpowers. So why is he still unharmed? Could it be that the Golden Bone truly possesses such immense power? I wonder if you can withstand the oppressive force that's about to come. Boom! The pressure of the fifth rank, second level swept out. And compared with the pressure of the fourth rank, the pressure of the fifth rank, second level was completely different. Huyu was the first to give in, letting out a scream as he was pinned to the ground, unable to move. Su Chin's legs began to tremble slightly, but a cold smile curled at the corner of his mouth. Tuantoan with a call, Tuantoan appeared instantly, first giving Such Chin a boost and then merging with him. That's it. Suchin looked up again. At this moment, the entire venue fell silent and everyone's eyes were filled with shock. That Such Chan could withstand the pressure of a fifth level aura and still stand upright. "All right," Shianine, the outcome is decided. There's no need to continue. Zung Tian said, stopping the fight. Chuanins face was ashen, his heart filled with resentment. Was this golden bone really that powerful? He was unwilling to admit defeat so easily. Oof. Again, he gritted his teeth and released his fifth level, fifth stage pressure once again, which swept towards Such Chun like a storm. In an instant, Such Chin legs began to tremble violently. Seeing this, Chu Xian secretly gloated. I don't believe you can do it. Suchin chuckled. Then, you underestimate my golden bones. Boom. Inside, Such Chin's body, which originally emitted a pale golden light, suddenly burst into a dazzling golden light, so bright that it was impossible to look directly at them. The trembling legs calmed down under the light. With his golden bones manifesting, Such Chin stood before everyone like a war god. Is this the golden bone? I'm so stupid. I actually thought the golden bone wasn't strong. No wonder the golden bone hasn't appeared for 300 years. I never imagined it would be so powerful. This time he has the bearing of an emperor. Everyone was amazed, their eyes filled with awe and admiration. Chu Xianin, that's enough. Zung Tian and stepped forward and interrupted Chu Xian. Chuanins face was dark and gloomy. How could Su Chun be so outrageous? Despite the pressure of a fifth level, fifth tier cultivator, he was still able to stand firm. This kid is truly terrifying. Zing Tian and walked up to Such Chan, a look of concern on his face. Are you all right, kid? Such Chin shook the dust off the corner of his clothes. What could be wrong? It's just a little dirty. This oppressive aura is nothing compared to the oppressive aura from the bloodbull demon cave last time. "You little rascal!" Zing Tian and pointed at him and smiled. "Suchin always manages to bring about miracles." Such gripped the demonic side of slaughter, pointing it directly at Shu Yuyu, who was lying on the ground, and shouted, "Come fight with me. In the next coaching match, let's completely crush our opponent. Chapter 140. Defeating the Headless Horseman is the only threshold to meeting Su Chun. Chu raised his head, his eyes filled with terror. His original belief in victory was now like a candle flickering in the wind, beginning to waver violently. A chill ran through him. Such Chan was so powerful. Could he really defeat him? Chuyu, get up. Don't disgrace the Chu family. Chuanins voice was full of authority and anger. He could naturally see the fear in Chuyus heart. But in his view, although Su Chun could withstand the pressure, it did not mean that he could cross the huge gap of the sixth realm and defeat Chu Yuyu. The Golden Bones are powerful, how can they bridge the insurmountable gap in cultivation level? Chuyu gritted his teeth and stood up amidst the ancestors reprimand. Such Chun, even if you can withstand the pressure and surpass me in terms of true strength, I will definitely defeat you. Enough with the nonsense. Let's fight. Such Chan spoke impatiently. his killing scythe pointing directly at Chu Yu. "Gentlemen, please follow me." Chu Shianin said, then turned and led the two of them toward the Chu family's martial arts arena. At this moment, all the members of the various forces who were watching the battle stood up and walked towards the arena. They all wanted to see if Su Chan could defy his superior and defeat Shu Yu, especially since this battle was undoubtedly a rare spectacle. Oomph, why does my sister get to find such a good man? Nodded her heart like a venomous snake. Such Chun being defeated by Chu later filled her with a sense of pleasure. I really look forward to seeing you beaten to a pulp, helpless and powerless. A chilling atmosphere permeated the Chu family's martial arts arena. All the major forces took their seats, their eyes fixed on the arena where Su Chun and Chuyu stood at opposite ends. Haha, today was finally the day. It was fantastic. Yes. However, it's still hard to say who will win this duel since there's a difference in their cultivation levels. That's right. But Chuyu is ranked 10th in the 300 school league, so his strength is definitely not weak. Below the stage, many members of various factions were discussing amongst themselves, their voices echoing throughout the training ground. Compared to banquetss and feasts, they clearly prefer this kind of exciting and suspenseful time of watching the drama unfold. Gentlemen, the match begins. Chu Xian spoke directly, announcing the start of this fierce duel on the arena. Chuyu grinned, revealing a ferocious smile. Such Chun, I will repay you for all the humiliation I suffered in the first round. Idiot, only call if you can beat my summoned creatures. Such Chun sneered and with his command, the headless knight roared out from the demon gods register. The headless horsemen rode a shadowy warhorse, his feet treading on the void, exuding a chilling aura of darkness. Who in their right mind would actually do it themselves? Defeating the Headless Horsemen is the only requirement to even meet Su Chan. It's you. How dare you speak disrespectfully to my lord. The headless knights lance was pointed directly at Chu Yu and the crimson color in his empty eye sockets surged even more fiercely. Anyone who dares to disrespect Su Chun will be the first to object. You what are you? Shuyu unconsciously swallowed. A strong sense of fear welling up inside him. But he still forced himself to remain calm and roared. I am the number one general under King Su Chan. The headless knight thrust his lance forward and the shadow waror nade and pounced towards Chu Yu like a black lightning bolt. Chuyu, be careful. It has a king- level bloodline. Chuanin's voice was filled with panic. He never expected that Su Chan would actually know the beast taming allianc's beast taming techniques and that his superpower didn't need to disappear. Not only that, but he was also riding a demonic beast with king level bloodline. Even S-level superhuman geniuses would find it difficult to defeat a king-level bloodline demon beast at the same cultivation level. A king-level bloodline demon beast is equivalent to that of more than a dozen tople bloodline demon beasts. Chuyu panicked and quickly used his special abilities and combat skills. Golden Buddha image, golden bell shield. In an instant, a golden Buddha image appeared behind him, its radiance illuminating the entire training ground. The light gave Chu Yu a tremendous boost to his physique, and then a large golden bell completely enveloped him. Clang. A crisp clanging sound rang out as the shadow spear pierced the golden bell, only causing it to sway slightly. I don't believe you can break it. Chu smiled confidently. This headless knight would definitely run out of energy eventually, and that would be his chance to strike back. Today, he is determined to prove that even a king- level monster is nothing special. Headless knight, increase the intensity, Su Chun ordered. Yes, your majesty. The headless horsemen brandished his spear, summoning dozens of headless horsemen identical to himself to surround Shuyu. Let's see how many shots you can take. Dozens of headless knights charged and thrust their spears in unison, launching a series of fierce attacks, one after another, like a black storm sweeping across the entire arena. H. Good heavens. So, we can't even witness Su Chin's true strength yet. Sai, it seems that defeating this king level summon is the only requirement to meet Such Chan. Harah. The Chu family tried to put pressure on Such Sean, but they've only shot themselves in the foot. Click, click. The golden bell-shaped shield began to crack densely. With each collision of the spears, Chu Yus eyes became bloodshot, and his face grew paler. Damn it, Such Chun, you forced me to this. Shuyu bit his finger, blood dripping to the ground. Golden Buddha, Universal Salvation. The moment a drop of blood fell to the ground, the Golden Buddha behind him slowly opened its eyes and holy light poured down like a tide, dispelling all the surrounding darkness. Under the light, the headless knight was driven away and disappeared back into the pantheon of demons and gods. Unfortunately, the headless knight's essence was composed of dark elemental power, and it could not withstand this holy light. Harah, Such Chun, this is my Chu family's ancestral dispelling technique. Without the headless knight, what do you have to fight me with? Chuyus face lit up with a wildly joyful smile. In his opinion, Such Chin strength was definitely not that great. Otherwise, why would he send out his summoned creature first? Now that the headless knight has been driven away, Such Chan will surely be easily defeated by him. Such Chin's lips curled into a playful smile. The headless knight had only been dispelled. He could summon him back to fight at any time. However, Such Chin did not intend to do that. Since Chu thought he was weak, then he would crush him with absolute strength. Young friend Suchin, if you feel your strength is insufficient, we can stop here. Chuanin's face regained its smile. Suchin raised his eyes and the dark elf appeared. Sorry, defeating the Headless Knight is the only requirement to see me. Chapter 141. Prodigy. Sorry, I'm a god. The dark elf merged with him in the blink of an eye. Such Chan's aura suddenly changed. His originally pitch black eyes now shimmerred with a swirling purple light. And at the same time, a pair of radiant purple wings slowly unfurled from his back. The aura of the fourth rank, first level, spread out suddenly like a whirlwind. Fourth rank, first level. How can Suchin cultivate so rapidly? An 18-year-old at the fourth rank, first level. How terrifying. It's beyond imagination. It truly proves the saying, "If you don't cultivate, seeing Su Chun is like a frog in a well looking at the moon in the sky. If you cultivate, seeing Such Chun is like a mayfly seeing the blue sky." Reaching the fourth level, first stage at the age of 18 is undoubtedly a supreme honor in the Dragon Kingdom, enough to drive countless people crazy and envious. Fourth rank. Fourth rank, first level. Chuyus face turned deathly pale instantly. He is 20 years old and a junior in college. He has been practicing diligently for 3 years to reach the third level of the fourth stage. But Such Chan, who was standing before him, had reached a level almost identical to his own after only a little over a month of cultivation. How could he possibly accept that? What are you scared? A mocking smile appeared on Su Chin's lips. A glint of madness flashed in Chuyus eyes. I'm not afraid. We're both geniuses, but I'm three levels higher than you, so the advantage is mine. A prodigy? Then I'll show you today that I'm someone you can never reach. Su Chins eyes narrowed and with a sudden stomp of his foot, he appeared in front of Chu Yu in an instant, gripping the killing demon scythe and swinging it fiercely at Chu. Clang. Chuyu reacted extremely quickly, managing to block the attack by using his golden bell shield. Such Chen's eyes shatter. Suddenly, the veins on his arm bulged and a powerful force surged into the killing scythe. The demonic side swung fiercely once again at the seemingly indestructible golden bell shield. Crack. A crisp cracking sound suddenly rang out, and the golden bell shield instantly turned into countless golden fragments under Su Chin's full force attack, scattering in all directions. Puff! Chuyu was thrown back several meters by the powerful impact, crashing heavily to the ground and spitting out a mouthful of blood. His eyes were filled with incomprehension and shock. So, so strong. Only then did he realize that the demonic scythe in Su Chin's hand seemed to be completely different from the death scythe he had seen before. Ability level increases are one thing, but could it be that a natal artifact can also be leveled up? Damn it. Again, Chuyu gritted his teeth and another drop of his blood fell to the ground. Instantly, the supernatural avatar behind him opened its eyes and a powerful holy light spread out, frantically dispelling the dark elements on Su Chen's body. Huh? Where there is light, there is shadow. Suchan sneered and a huge swirling phantom slowly emerged behind him with endless dark elemental powers surging out like a tidal wave. The moment the dark element came into contact with the holy light, it was thought that the holy light would gain the upper hand and dispel the dark element. But the reality was quite the opposite. The dark element, like a black torrent, directly crushed the holy light, and darkness quickly spread throughout the arena as if it wanted to devour everything. What? Chuyu couldn't help but blurt out a sentence in another language. In his mind, light has always been the dominant force in darkness. But the scene before him now completely overturned his understanding. Instead of dispelling the dark elements, it was corrupted and polluted by them. What the hell? Such Chin's icy voice rang out, and he instantly appeared behind Shuyu, his killing demon sides slashing towards the supernatural avatar without hesitation. Snap! The supernatural avatar shattered instantly under Su Chin's attack, and the golden light scattered, but it was corroded into a dark color the moment it came into contact with the dark element. Ah! The moment his supernatural power shattered, Chuyu let out a shrill scream, collapsed to the ground, curled up in pain, his face contorted in agony. At this moment, the entire venue fell silent. Everyone was stunned by what they were seeing. Their unwavering belief that light could subdue darkness and dispel everything collapsed completely. At this moment, it turns out that in the face of absolute power, the so-called relationship of restraint is simply not worth mentioning. Such Chun, awesome. As one person exclaimed in surprise, many people stood up and applauded, their faces filled with excitement and admiration. Indeed, Such Chin strength has far exceeded the scope of a prodigy. The word prodigy is not enough to describe his power. He is more like an awe inspiring god. Chu Xian almost lost his balance and fell, his heart filled with shock and fear. Throughout the entire match, Such Chun defeated Chu Yu in less than 10 moves. How could Such Chun as strength be so terrifying? He couldn't help but wonder if going against Such Chun was really the right choice. Such Chin's growth rate is truly terrifying. If this continues, he will definitely become a 10th level expert in less than 10 years. But now he has no way out. Either Su Chun dies or he Chu Shianin perishes. He forced a smile and said loudly, "Haha, welcome to the wonderful performance by Su Chun and the eldest son of the Chu family. Now the banquet will officially begin. Please return to the banquet hall for your meal. As Suchin stepped off the stage, he looked at Chuanin's hypocritical smile and shook his head slightly. What a fake, Such Chin. How exactly do you cultivate? Zing Tian and walked over and couldn't help but ask curiously. The gap between the third and fourth stages of cultivation is like an insurmountable chasm. The first to third stages are just the initial stages of cultivation, and the improvement speed is relatively fast. However, once you reach the fourth level, your cultivation speed will become extremely slow and it will take a long time to advance even one level. But Such Chun actually advanced to the fourth level, first stage in just over a month. I've been cultivating diligently day and night. Suchin replied simply, "Good lad. You've really worked hard. Let's have a good drink together later." Zung Tian in Such Chun must have cultivated tirelessly every day to achieve such amazing results. That must have been so hard. Well, then I'll gladly accept," Such Chan said with a smile, preparing to return to the banquet hall. As soon as he returned to the banquet hall and sat down, a number of influential people surrounded him. "Young man Such Chun, I'm the CEO of Xiao underwear. How about we trouble you to wear our Xiao brand underwear and be our spokesperson. The endorsement fee we offer is absolutely generous," the CEO of Xiao underwear said with a beaming smile. Suchin frowned. "It's a bit inconvenient." H what's inconvenient? Brother Such Shanun, money is no problem as long as you're willing to be our spokesperson. We can offer you a higher price. It's not about the money, it's that it's too big to fit in and it would be against the rules. Such Sean said seriously the CEO of Dao underwear. The person on the side on huh young friend Such Sean, how about becoming the spokesperson for my ability enhancing potion? Our potion is extremely effective. With your endorsement, it's guaranteed to sell like hotcakes. Young brother Sue Chun, how about joining my demon scythe martial arts academy? Our academy has abundant resources and can provide you with better training conditions. Immediately, various forces vied for Such Chan, all hoping to cooperate with him. All right, everyone. Such Chun has no intention of endorsing anything. Seeing this, Zing Tian and waved his hand and said something. The group exchanged glances and left helplessly. I'll make the decision for you. What do you think? Zingtn asked Such Chan. That's good. I don't want to join any of these martial arts schools or factions anyway. It's too much trouble. Before joining, these forces would make all sorts of promises, saying they would provide plenty of money and resources. But once you joined, if any problems arose, the first person they would turn to would definitely be Such Chun. There's no point in having a system. It's better to be free and do whatever you want. Yes, I hope you can keep this up, Zeng Tian. said expectantly. If Such Chun doesn't join any faction and remains untainted before reaching the 10th rank, then he has the opportunity to change the entire landscape of the Dragon Kingdom. It can even challenge the unchanging authority of the Kunloon Mountains, which has stood for centuries. Chapter 142. The terrifying dream path showdown of the Calamity Beasts. That's for sure, Principal Zong. Don't worry. Zung Tian and shook his head slightly. You can't speak too soon. You still have to resist the invitation from Kun Mountain. I hope you don't join them. Why do you say that? Suchin frowned slightly. Zung Tian in sighed softly. Kun mountain has always firmly held absolute power in the dragon kingdom. Whenever a powerful genius appears in the secular world, Kun Mountain will extend an olive branch and invite them to join. Over time, their power grew increasingly immense, and almost no one in the Dragon Kingdom dared to challenge their authority, nor did anyone dare to easily refute their words. This is bad behavior. The authority of Kun Mountain cannot be left unchallenged. The most important thing is Kunlo Mountains ambition to dominate the region and be second only to the emperor. Suchin nodded slightly. It seemed that the forces behind Kun Mountain were complex and not as simple as he had imagined. Do you know why Kun Mountain dares to act so blatantly? Zing Tian and continued, "Why disaster beast? A calamity beast? What is that?" Such Chan rubbed his temples. His brain was about to absorb more knowledge. Zung Tanon's tone was somewhat solemn. I'm not very clear on the specifics either. I only know that the calamity beasts are products of the ancient great cataclysm. Their appearance is often accompanied by plague, death, virus, and destruction. Unlike ordinary demonic beasts, these calamity beasts are enormous. And even the most ordinary ones are extremely troublesome and difficult to deal with. So Kun Mountain is acting so openly because they are suppressing the calamity beasts. They threaten anyone who dares to resist by sending the calamity beasts down the mountain. Suchin quickly made a guess. Yes, I personally witnessed hundreds of calamity beasts destroy a city back then, and that city is still a death zone with no one daring to approach it. Zong Tanon's voice trembled slightly. So, that's how it is. It just means they're not strong enough. Har, you're right, kid. But think about it. Kun Mountain, as the strongest force in the Dragon Kingdom, can only barely suppress the Calamity Beast. You can imagine how terrifying that Calamity Beast is. Then where did the calamity beast come from? Such Chin's curiosity grew and he pressed for an answer. A hundred years ago, a catastrophic rift appeared in the back of Kun Mountain, followed by a large number of calamity beasts descending from the rift. Later, they were suppressed by the strong people of Kun Mountain and have been suppressed ever since. Such Chan silently sorted out his thoughts. Simply put, a 100 years ago, a catastrophic rift appeared. A calamity beast descended and was subsequently suppressed by Kunoon Mountain. The reason why Coun is so arrogant and disregards the opinions of ordinary people is that if they do not suppress the Calamity Beast, the beast will bring disaster to the Dragon Kingdom. Ultimately, it all comes down to a lack of strength. What are you thinking about now, kid? Zing Tian asked curiously, looking at Su Chun, who was deep in thought. We want to completely eliminate the calamity beast. Zingti and felt a surge of joy. With Such Chin's talent and potential, given 10 years, he would definitely be able to reach the 10th level. This will completely eliminate the Calamity Beast, disrupt the Dragon Kingdoms dude structure/pattern, and shatter the authority of Kun Mountain. I look forward to seeing how you perform 10 years from now. It'll take a while, Suchin said calmly. His goal is simple. Reach level 10 in 3 years. Even with cheat codes, it shouldn't be considered excessive. You brat. Zing Tian and pointed at Such Chan, then picked up his wine glass and said, "Let's not talk about that. Let's drink." The two raised their glasses, clinkedked them gently, and then drank them down in one gulp. "Master Jang, why are you drinking alone in silence?" Jang Chong Ha was slightly taken aback when he saw Chu Xian, then forced a smile and said, "Ances Chu, how could he not be frustrated? He was originally waiting to see Su Chun make a fool of himself, but who knew that Su Chun was so ridiculously strong. The initial thought of revenge vanished instantly. What a joke. With Su Chin's potential, the Jang family would probably be asking for trouble if they didn't want to live. As for his son, Jang sure, if he dares to secretly seek revenge, then we'll pretend he's no son at all. Patriarch Jang, I remember your son and Su Chun had some unpleasantness, didn't they? Chu Xianin said with a half smile, a hint of ill intent flashing in his eyes. Hara, not at all. Jang Chongs eyes flickered. Was Chu Xian planning to drag him down with him to deal with Such Chin? What? I remember that patriarch Jang has always been very protective of his own. Chuanin's tone carried a hint of suggestion, enticing Jang Chan Ha to join forces and avenge his son. Not at all. It's just small-scale stuff. He didn't want to get involved in this mess. He had already witnessed Su Chins strength and he didn't want to provoke such a promising talent. Patriarch Jang, are you really not going to protect your own? Chu Xian asked, still unwilling to give up. No. Thank you for your kindness, Ancestor Chu. All right, Patriarch Jang, please enjoy your meal. Chuanin's face was gloomy, a hint of displeasure flashing in his eyes before he turned and left. Jang Chong Ha watched Chuanins departing figure and cursed inwardly. He wanted to live a few more days. He definitely wouldn't seek revenge. He'd be grateful if Su Chin didn't cause him any trouble. Tell Su Chun the rumor that someone on Kun Mountain was planning to frame Hua Jehan Xang. Perhaps this will allow them to befriend Such Chun and ensure the Jang family's future safety. As the banquet drew to a close, almost all the guests had left, leaving only the Chu family's servants busily cleaning up. Ancestor Such Chan. Leanian Wuan gritted her teeth, a hint of resentment and unwillingness flashing in her eyes. Chu Xians face turned cold, and he suddenly grabbed her neck, saying, "Do you need to tell me?" Then he turned and ordered, "Go call Master Shwanji over." The servants dared not delay and hurriedly left to summon Master Swanji. Ancestor. Li Yinwans face turned purple as she struggled desperately. Chu Xianin then released his grip and Li Yinwan fell to the ground, coughing incessantly. Chu Xian said coldly. Don't say things you shouldn't say in the future. Yes, yes, ancestor. Li Yins eyes were filled with resentment, but she dared not show it. Shenine, why did you call me? Shwanji rushed over, pulling up her pants with a hint of confusion on her face. If the person who wo my dream doesn't come today, then you will enter Su Chin's dream. Nowadays, they can only resort to such despicable means to vent their anger. "Good. It's just a pity that the person who wo dreams for you hasn't shown up these past few days. Otherwise, I would have broken through to the fourth level of the nightmare weaving technique long ago," Schwani said with some regret. "Don't worry, he might show up tonight." After their conversation ended, only the clanging sounds of the dining table being cleared remained in the hall. Kyoto's supernatural villa. Suchin had just taken a shower and exuded a refreshing aura. He returned to his room and prepared to cast a nightmare weaving spell. He hadn't used this spell for several days. Perfect timing. Tonight, he'd test the fourth realm nightmare weaving technique on that old bastard Chu Shianin. Chapter 143. The dream paths crushing of Buddhism begins. Suchin closed his eyes tightly, and the nightmare weaving technique was activated silently by making hand seals. His divine sense pierced through the thick night, accurately capturing Chu Schwanin's aura in the darkness. The next instant, his consciousness silently invaded Chu Schwanin's dream world. This time, Chu Schwanin's dream was still a hedonistic dream filled with extravagance and debauchery. "It seems someone in the same industry has rewoven this old man's dream," Suchin murmured to himself. Then he prepared to carefully weave a dream. Just as Such Chan was focused on weaving his dream, Schwanji from the Chu family mansion suddenly opened her eyes and whispered, "It's finally here." He had previously left a special mark in Chu Schwanin's dream, which would immediately notify him whenever someone entered the dream with their thoughts. The appearance of that familiar dream prompt just now undoubtedly means that the person from last time has reappeared. Let's see if you're one foot ahead in virtue or if I, the devil, am one foot ahead. He swiftly formed hand seals and unleashed the nightmare weaving technique, stepping into Chuanin's dream world. Upon entering the dream, Shwanji saw Su Chin not far away. At this moment, Such Chan was fully focused on weaving a nightmare dream scenario. Who goes there? Why are you trying to frame my brother Shenin? Shinji shouted. Such Chan was taken aback. His movements paused slightly. He slowly turned around and saw a blurry figure in the distance walking menacingly toward him. And who are you? Suchin frowned, secretly guessing that this person was probably the one who modified Chuwanin's dream. I am the person in the entire Dragon Kingdom who has mastered the nightmare weaving technique the most. Master Schwanji raised his head. Upon hearing this, Such Chan was startled and frowned inwardly. Wasn't it supposed to be that the nightmare weaving technique was only at the third level in the entire Dragon Kingdom? Could it be that there really is someone more powerful than him who is only at the fourth level? After thinking for a moment, he said, "Enough with the nonsense. How about a dream duel of guessing? Let us have a dream base showdown. I suppose you at the third level are qualified." Master Schwanji sneered, his hands flying rapidly, and endless fragments of nightmares surged out like a black torrent, frantically eroding Su Chin's mind, attempting to shatter his consciousness. Suchin remained calm. "Come and fight." He waved his hands rapidly and countless fragments of nightmares flew out from his hands and collided violently with the fragments of Master Schwanji. In an instant, a series of crisp cracking sounds rang out in the void. "You're still too green," Master Schwanji said with a smug smile. He activated his supernatural ability, and the demon fragments quickly coalesed into several ferocious looking nightmare soldiers who charged angrily towards Su Chun, wielding battle axes. What the hell is this? Such Chan was startled, a look of confusion on his face. He immediately activated the detection function. Name: Schwanji. Faction: Buddhism. Special ability, a dream. Realm level, sixth rank, fourth level. Spirit, level three of concentration realm. Note, just do it. It seems these nightmare soldiers were created by his supernatural abilities. in Such Chens eyes. Originally, I was thinking of letting Chu Xian try out my fourth realm demonic fandom first since Shwanji doesn't know what's good for her. Then I'll use him as a guinea pig. Suchin slowly closed his eyes and the dream fragments around him began to frantically condense gradually spreading a terrifying aura. Harah, kid, you're giving up already? What a piece of trash. Schwanji's face showed a disdainful smile. In his view, Such Chun had clearly suffered a complete defeat in the first round. However, at that moment, Suchin suddenly opened his eyes. Go, crush them. Before Su Chun, an enormous demonic phantom formed from fragments of a dream slowly emerged, floating like a ghost. As soon as it appeared, it charged out, its huge claws instantly, shredding the nightmare soldiers, sending fragments flying everywhere. Roar! The demonic phantom let out a furious roar, shaking the entire dream space. This This is a demonic phantom from the fourth realm. Schwanji s expression changed drastically and his body couldn't help but tremble. Someone actually reached the fourth level of nightmare weaving technique faster than him. How is this possible? He's worked so hard for decades. Why is he still so far ahead of others? I thought you were at the fifth realm. You were bragging about how you were the best at nightmare weaving in the Dragon Kingdom at the beginning. Suchin's face showed a speechless expression. Schwanji s face flushed red and then turned pale, extremely embarrassed. He secretly regretted it. If he had known that the other party was at the fourth level, he would never have dared to boast in front of him. "Who exactly are you?" Master Schwanji asked loudly, unwilling to give up. "Me? Someone you can't afford to mess with?" The demonic phantom roared and Master Schwanji felt his body fly uncontrollably toward the demonic phantom. The next moment he was pulled into the most terrifying dream in his heart. Damn it. Damn it. Damn it. Schwanji Dawis's eyes were bloodshot. In just a moment, the overwhelming sense of oppression shattered his mind. This time, he really kicked a hornet's nest. Didn't you say I was too naive? Why aren't you fighting back? Suchin sneered. Please let me go. I'm a Buddhist. Schwanji struggled in that terrifying dream, pleading loudly for mercy. I don't know anything about this damn Buddhism. Show me your arrogant attitude from the beginning. You forced me to do this. Schwanjis eyes. He condensed several nightmare soldiers and launched an attack directly into Chu Schwanin's dream. With a crisp crack, Chuanins dream shattered instantly, and a powerful backlash swept in like a storm, forcibly expelling Su Chun and Shwanji from the dream. Such Chin's face showed a hint of annoyance. Damn it. I thought he was going to unleash a powerful move, but it turned out to be a runaway. You son of a He shook his head, a cold killing intent flashing in his eyes. Since that daiswanji dared to stop him, then let's make an example of him. However, after this battle, Such Chan felt that his mental energy was greatly depleted. In just a short while, he felt his head was spinning as if there were many islands in it. He shook his head, suppressed his discomfort, and went to sleep. The Chu family, Chu Xian, suddenly sat up in bed, his face ashen, and his forehead covered in cold sweat. His eyes widened. "Juanji, what are you doing?" Just now, he felt as if his mental energy had been pierced by a sharp blade, and he was suddenly awakened from his beautiful dream by a sharp pain. When confronted with the questioning, Shwanji was still trembling slightly, her heart filled with lingering fear. He looked at Chu Xian, a hint of guilt on his face. Shienin, I'm sorry. He really had no choice. If he didn't do that, he wouldn't be able to escape the terrifying dream created by the opponent's fourth realm. The opponent is simply too powerful. It doesn't matter. Did it devour the person who wo this dream for me? Has it advanced to the fourth realm? Chu Xian suppressed his anger, a hint of anticipation flashing in his eyes as he eagerly asked. Schwanji hesitated for a moment, unsure how to begin. Shenine, I've lost. What? You actually lost? Didn't you say that your opponent's mental strength was weak and that you could easily win? Chu Shinine suddenly stood up. Wouldn't that mean he suffered a severe blow to his mental strength for nothing? My mental strength is indeed weak, but his nightmare weaving technique is the legendary fourth level. I don't even have the qualifications to fight him. Schwanji looked dejected, his voice filled with helplessness. In the world of nightmare weaving, the fourth realm is the true qualitative leap. Even with the aid of his special abilities, he at the third realm is still as powerless as an ant facing the heavens when confronted by those at the fourth realm. Chapter 144. The Kong family's deceit, the king of calamities. You're not even qualified to compete. Then you should die. Chuanin's eyes were bloodshot and his body surged with murderous aura. With a roar, he slapped Schwanji hard. Schwanji felt an overwhelming force coming at her and before she could dodge, she was sent flying into a pillar. Puff! Schwanji coughed up blood, his face ashen, and struggled to lift his head. Brother Shenine, please give me another chance. I will go back and ask my master for help. My patience with you is limited. Brother Shenine, don't worry. My master has always doted on me and will definitely help me. Shwanji's voice trembled. He was determined to take revenge. He couldn't defeat the other party, but he still had his master. This is your last chance. If you fail again, you can forget about ever asking me for a single penny or a woman again. Chuanin's face was full of anger and disgust. He had originally been looking forward to a great victory. Unexpectedly, he didn't even have the qualifications to confront them head on. He was puzzled. Who exactly was this person? How could the dragon kingdom possibly possess the nightmare weaving technique of the fourth realm? Seeing Chu Shinin say this, a glimmer of hope flashed in Shwanjis eyes. Don't worry, brother. I'll rush back to Buddhism first thing tomorrow morning. As long as he can turn the truth upside down, his protective master will definitely help him. This time, only success is allowed. Failure is not an option. Understood, Brother Shienin. Schwanji hesitated for a moment, then said cautiously, Brother Shienin, it's best not to sleep for the next few days. Thinking of that terrifying nightmare weaving technique, he couldn't help but shudder. They were doomed. They had messed with the other party and they would never be able to sleep peacefully again. The nightmare weaving technique will punish them severely. Chu Xian suppressed his anger, veins bulging on his forehead. Get to Buddhism now. Yes. Yes, brother Shianine. Shwanji was overjoyed and hurried away. Chu Xian took a few deep breaths, trying to calm the anger in his heart. It seems necessary to divine who the other party is. It's good to have a divination to find out who the other person is so that we can communicate openly. Who is the one who possesses the nightmare weaving technique of the fourth realm? Without much thought, it's highly likely that the old towist priest who has lived in seclusion in the deep mountains for many years was entrusted by someone to enter his dream. The other person must be at least 80 years old. Otherwise, it would be impossible for them to have cultivated the fourth realm nightmare weaving technique. Kun Mountain Conference. Inside the council chamber, dozens of representatives from various Kun Mountain factions, large and small, sat neatly in their seats. Seated at the very front was theqin family, the most powerful reclusive family in the Kun Mountains. The patriarch, Chin Tinia, dressed in a long black robe, looked intently at the assembled crowd and slowly began to speak. Everyone, the secular hundred schools league is about to begin. Who among you is willing to go and recruit some good players to join Kunoon Mountain this time? Almost every year they send their forces down the mountain at this time to recruit those worldly geniuses. Tin Xiao, this time shall we allow the Lee family to make a trip down the mountain? Lie Dong Ming, the patriarch of the Lee family, who was the eighth most powerful force in Kun Mountain, bowed slightly and spoke. Ancestorly, shouldn't it be my Song family's turn this time? Song Run, the head of the Song family asked with a hint of dissatisfaction in his voice. Little Song, how about we give it to you next year and let the Lee family have it this year? Lee Donging said with a slight smile. Elderly, I'm afraid it won't work this year. It worked in previous years, but not this year. Because of the emergence of a Such Chun in the secular world, any force that goes down the mountain to recruit him first will have priority in choosing whoever he is. Such Chin's potential is extremely strong, comparable to those monstrous talents of Kunloon Mountain. As long as Such Chun is willing to join their Coun forces, the forces they recruit after going down the mountain can bring Such Chan into their forces ahead of time to strengthen themselves. Song Run, let the Lee family go down the mountain and build up their influence first. Chin Tinia glanced calmly at Song Run and slowly spoke. This Song hesitated for a moment before finally speaking. I will follow your orders. There was nothing he could do. Chin Tinia had spoken and he dared not disobey. The thought that Su Chan, this prodigy, was about to be recruited by the Lee family filled her with regret. Thank you, my lord. Leong Ming nodded slightly in thanks. Chin Tinsha gently shook his head. The recruitment is settled then. As for today's meeting topic, it's the emerging threat of rebellion from the beasts in the back mountains. What are your thoughts on this? For a moment, the entire parliament fell silent. Beasts in the back mountains are always the biggest threat, and they seem to have no way to deal with them. If you won't talk, then we'll send troops to suppress you. Meeting adjourned. This sudden decision caught everyone off guard. Having hastily concluded the meeting naturally felt the call of old friends. Seeing Chin Tin Xiaoli, the various forces also departed. Only the Kong family was stopped by the Lynn family which ranked fifth. Weigh in. Lin Guanging the patriarch of the Lind family stepped forward with a beaming smile and said, "Light of fate. What is it?" Huh? It's nothing much, just the position of deputy commander of the central theater command. Kong Wean sneered. If you don't handle it well, then Hua Jean Xon won't be willing to join your Lynn family. These deputy commanders or commanders in chief of the war zones are mostly controlled by people from certain forces in the Kunloon Mountains, which is also part of the power control. Ven doesn't want to join, so I'll have to trouble you to help me get this position. After it's done, I'll give you whatever you want. No need for formalities. You just need to prepare your things. This position belongs to your Lynn family. Since Hua Jean Xiang is unwilling to join their Kunoon Mountain with just a little trick, he can lose everything. Trying to fight against the Tian Shan mountains alone. That's impossible. Everything is ready, just waiting for you. Weigh in. Yes, my plan is ready. And I guarantee Chin Tinsha won't be able to tell. Chin strictly forbade such things to happen. But while I obeyed on the surface, who knew what was going on behind my back? If the plan succeeds and he is branded guilty, who would dare to speak out against injustice on his behalf? That's good. Lin Guang Ming breathed a sigh of relief. As long as Chin Tian doesn't find out, everything is negotiable. How about we have a drink now? Lin Guang Ming suggested enthusiastically. All right, please. The two exchanged pleasantries and left the council. Behind the mountain was a desolate and lifeless scene. Ginia, have you seen my daughter? The king of calamities, Mingian, transformed into human form, his eyes filled with anger and anxiety as he questioned Chin Tian. Your daughter? How would I know? Who else but you could take my daughter away so quietly? Who else? What are you preparing for war? Chin Tinshas black eyes transformed into golden dragon eyes, and his aura erupted without showing any weakness. War? If you want war, then let's fight. Chapter 145. The tension for the hundred schools league rises. Just as the atmosphere became tense, one of Mingian s subordinates hurried over. Your majesty, this is a letter the young lady left for you. Ming tion reached out and took the letter, then slowly opened it. The first thing he saw was his beloved daughter's familiar handwriting, which read, "Daddy, I'm going to play in the human city. Don't miss me." The handwriting was vigorous yet playful, truly a style unique to my daughter. Moreover, he knew all too well that his daughter had longed to go to a human city. Thinking of his daughter, Mingion, he sighed softly. As a calamity beast, he was a symbol of disaster, and wherever he went, living beings suffered, and all things were filled with fear. His daughter, however, was quite the opposite. Wherever she went, auspicious omens abounded and life flourished. Ming Tian raised his eyes again and said, "Chint Tian, if anything happens to my daughter in your city, I will crush Kun Mountain and destroy the Dragon Kingdom. I'll fight you to the bitter end." Chin Tin Xiao was fearless. The situation between Coun and the Calamity Beast is now at a stalemate with both sides evenly matched and neither able to easily defeat the other. Moreover, he had fought with Mintion many times and they were old rivals. He simply hadn't expected that Mian sdaughter would represent the opposite of disaster, auspiciousness, which was truly unbelievable. I want to see my daughter within a month or we'll go to war. As soon as he finished speaking, Ming Tions figure flashed and instantly turned into a black shadow and disappeared, leaving only a slight ripple in the air. Chin Tinia frowned deeply as he looked in the direction where Ming Tion had disappeared. A month is too short a time and a full-scale war is not what he wants. In that case, the people of Kun Mountain will suffer the most casualties. Men, search for Mingion s daughter on all fronts. Chin Tinia ordered in a deep voice. Kyoto. Everyone, today we will all be heading to the Marriott Hotel at the Godslayer Arena. Chu Xang Yong stood in front of everyone. Generally speaking, during the competition, the athletes food, clothing, accommodation, and transportation are all arranged properly, following the principle of proximity, everyone was arranged to stay at a large hotel next to the arena. The same was true for the other 100 school league teams, all of whom chose the Marriott Hotel. Wow, doesn't that mean we can have a blast after the competition? Jang Lur's eyes lit up. You little brat, don't you even know who's next to you? Suchin said speechless. Jean Lu turned around and met Moower s icy gaze. He he just kidding. Jean Lu scratched his head awkwardly. Just kidding. Of course not. It would be so great to have a good time. Quiet. Now distribute team uniforms, armor, and weapons. Chu Xang Yong handed each person a storage ring and then said, "For the competition, everyone will wear agrade armor and be equipped with S-grade weapons. As for the team uniforms, go change into them now and then we will immediately set off for the Marriott hotel to meet our opponents. As soon as he finished speaking, the 10 team members headed towards the locker room. Inside the men's locker room. Brother-in-law, do you have any spying skills? Heang Lur grinned mischievously and whispered something to Such Chun. If you make that kind of joke again, I'll smash your head off. Such Chan said, rolling his eyes at him. However, speaking of which, he does possess a spying technique, the shadow raven, which allows him to perfectly share the viewpoint. Ahem, but Suchin isn't the kind of person who would do something like that. All right, then. Jang Lure said with some disappointment. The group quickly changed into their team uniforms and walked out of the locker room. Not bad. They're all very energetic, just like Jiao. Chu XY nodded in satisfaction and commented, "Everyone, let's go now." Chu X Shany cleared his throat and said loudly. At the same time, two official Kyoto vehicles arrived and sped them toward the Marriott Hotel. The streets around the Marriott Hotel were already packed with people and bustling with activity. Wow, so many prodigies have come this time. I just saw Chung Kuang from Guang Wu Superpower Academy. That's not all. There's also Shinyang from the Shanghai Superpower Academy. They're all strong contenders for the championship. Look, it's a vehicle from the Military Abilities Academy. Amid exclamations, a vehicle bearing the logo of the Military Abilities Academy slowly pulled up in front of the Marriott Hotel. The team members and the head of teaching got out of the car one after another, which immediately aroused a heated discussion among the surrounding crowd. That young man in white is Kong Ling. He's quite handsome. I heard he's from the Kun Mountains. This makes the championship a much bigger question mark. Yes, we originally thought the champion would be either from Shanghai or Beijing, but unexpectedly a military academy led by Kong Ling has emerged. "Captain, you've got quite a reputation, haven't you?" A teammate said with a smile. Kong Lling slightly raised his chin and said, pretending not to care. It's all just fleeting. But the slight upturn of his lips betrayed his inner smuggness. "He, Captain, lead our military academy to crush Kyoto and Shanghai." The team members cheered. Kong Lling nodded. What about the Kyoto Ability Academy? I really want to meet the legendary Su Chan. Just as he finished speaking, a burst of loud cheers suddenly erupted from the crowd. The cheers were deafening, several times louder than when the military academy had arrived. It's the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Academy. They're finally here. Is Susan inside, too? Susan is awesome. Susan is mighty and doineering. Susan has crippled the opponent. Everyone was shouting because they were all incredibly excited. I want to see if Su Chan can actually kill a god and defeat that so-called god who has descended the mountain. The vehicle slowly came to a stop and Su Chun and the others got out. Brother-in-law, you have so many fans. Jang Lu joked, you could debut right here and now. Not far away, Kong Llings expression was rather unpleasant. He never expected Su Chin to be so popular, far exceeding his expectations. Why? He's hailed as a god descended from Kun Mountain. How could he be inferior to Such Chan? A surge of resentment welled up in Kong Llings heart and he walked straight towards Such Chun. You Such Chun. Such slowly turned around. You are the child of light. That's right. I am the child of light. I look forward to fighting you. Kong Llings voice was full of fighting spirit. He wanted to prove that as a god who had descended from the mountain, he was not someone that mortals could easily defeat. Then you can look forward to it. Such Chan said casually. Kong Lling was somewhat stunned by Su Chens attitude. In his imagination, Su Chan would at least say some grand words when he heard his challenge, but he did not expect him to be so nonchalant. Such Chun, I'll defeat you. How about you give me a drop of your essence blood? Of course, he hadn't forgotten that the ancestor had asked him to obtain Such Chin s essence blood. Stop talking big. Defeat me first before you make any demands. Okay. Suchin felt that such pre-match boasting was completely unnecessary. The harsher the words, the louder the slap in the face. I never boast, and I will definitely defeat you. Fine, as long as you can defeat me, I'll give you not just a drop of my essence blood, but my entire body's essence blood. Let's defeat his headless knight first before making such boasts. Chapter 146. Opening ceremony exhibition match. The underdog triumphs. Fine. Remember what you just said. Even as a god who has descended from the mountain, you cannot easily defeat me. Kong Llings eyes were filled with arrogant arrogance. He simply couldn't understand where Su Chin got such confidence. He Kong Lling was a genuine fourth tier first level cultivator. Such Chin's cultivation level possibly be on par with his. How could that be? It's impossible that Such Chan could catch up to the level he took more than a year to reach in just over a month of cultivation. A god descending from the mountain. He's nothing more than an ant descending from the mountain. Even if he wears the title of god, he's still an ant in the end, Such Chan said with a faint smile. Seeing the tense atmosphere, Jang Ming, the second director of the military academy, quickly stepped forward to smooth things over. The outcome of the competition will reveal who is stronger. The weaker side should not lose face then. Suchin intentionally or unintentionally. In his heart, he had already decided that Kong Lling was stronger than Such Chan. Jean Ming, it's only been a year since I last saw him. How come he's become so arrogant? Chu Xanys voice rang out unhurriedly. Isn't Jeang Ming clearly implying that Su Chu is the weaker party? Director Chu, it's been a long time. Jeang Ming greeted with a smile. I wouldn't call myself arrogant, but I have Kong Lings backing to give me that confidence. Oh, just because he's a so-called god who descended from Kun Mountain. A cold smile crept across Chu Xanys lips. a look of disdain for Jeang Ming sicopantic behavior towards Kun Mountain. Jeang Ming, however, didn't care about Chu Xangys attitude at all. Yes, but not entirely. Director Chu should also know that in the history of the 200 school league, without exception, every contestant who reached the fourth level, first stage won the championship. Right. Kong Lling's fourth level first stage is his greatest source of confidence. His military academy had a fourth level first stage expert while his opponent did not which gave him an initial advantage in terms of momentum. Oh, so that's what it was about. He turned to look at Such Chan. Such Chun, what realm have you reached in your cultivation? Such Chan understood immediately. I've been a bit lax in my cultivation lately, so my cultivation level isn't very high. Hearing Suchin say that, Jeang Ming felt a surge of pride. Even if Such Chin's cultivation speed is fast, it can't stay fast forever, right? Based on the investigation a few days ago, Such Chun should be at the third level, eighth stage. It's all right, Su Chun. Tell me what it is. Chu XY continued to subtly guide him. Such nodded. Please take a look. In an instant, a powerful aura burst forth from Su Chan, revealing his fourth level, first stage cultivation realm. Sigh. I'm definitely not cultivating as fast as before. Chu Xianyang smiled and looked at Jang Ming, wanting to see his reaction. Xang Ming felt his mind go blank and he was in a days. Slack and cultivation, low cultivation level. Then what's with this aura of the fourth rank, first level? Is this what Suchin meant by not high? An 18-year-old at the fourth level of the first stage of the fourth rank completely overwhelms the 19-year-old Kong Ling. Kong Lling remains silent for a long time upon witnessing this scene, his heart filled with shock. Such Chun has truly cultivated to the first level of the fourth rank. A few days ago when we were investigating, Such Chun was only at the eighth level of the third rank. Now, just a few days later, he has broken through to the first level of the fourth rank. It took him a full 2 months to advance from the eighth level of the third tier to the first level of the fourth tier. And Suchun in just 3 days, he broke through from the eighth level of the third rank to the first level of the fourth rank. Is the huge barrier between the third and fourth tiers so easily broken by Such Sean like paper? Kong Ling took a deep breath, constantly reassuring himself that it was all right, even if they were at the same level. He was confident he could defeat Su Chun. Director Chu, you guys are really hiding your true strength. Jang Mings tone turned cold. In that case, I can only say that Su Chun lived up to expectations. The offensive and defensive strategies shifted and the smile turned to Chu Shanys face. I saw these two men arguing from a distance. What are they talking about? Team leader from Beay Wu walked over with a smile, breaking the slightly tense atmosphere. Oh, it's Fun Lan. Long time no see, brother Chu. It's been a long time indeed. Lu Fong Lan said, her gaze falling on Su Chun, her eyes full of regret. I regret not recruiting you into our Northern Martial Arts Academy back then. I can only say we were destined to meet but not to be together. Such Chin said calmly spreading his hands. Sigh. Lu Fong Lon sighed softly. Then let's not stand here. Let's go inside the hotel. Great Funan. Let's catch up later. The two exchanged pleasantries and then led their respective teams toward the Marriott Hotel. At this time, the roads around the Marriott Hotel were still bustling with people. In addition to second-year teams, third-year and firstear teams from other 100 university leagues also arrived one after another. 18th floor of Marriott Hotel. Chu Shangyong pointed to a row of rooms. Rooms 1801 to 1810 are the rooms assigned to our secondyear team members from Kyoto University. You can choose whichever you like, and you can check in by scanning your face. As he spoke, he took out a competition schedule chart. This is the competition schedule. Everyone take a look. The team members took the schedule map and examined it carefully. Tomorrow, August 1st, the opening ceremony and exhibition match of the 100 school league will be held. Next comes the individual competition which will last for 8 days until the final on August 9th. After the finals, there will be a 3-day break followed by the team competition, Death Ruins, which will last for 7 days. The entire competition will last for nearly a month. Looking at the theme of the opening match, Such Chun asked with some confusion, "Director, what does the theme of the opening match? The weak defeat the strong mean?" Our 100 schools league has an opening match theme every year, and this year's theme is overcoming the strong with the weak. The rules for the exhibition matches are that three freshmen will draw two sophomores to compete against each other, and three sophomores will draw three juniors to compete against each other for a total of six exhibition matches. The theme is meant to tell us that even when we are at a disadvantage, we must have the courage and determination to challenge the strong and overcome adversity. He added, "Of course, it's just an exhibition match so everyone can just enjoy the show. Truly winning against the odds is not an easy thing. The idea of the weak defeating the strong sounds simple, but in reality, it's incredibly difficult. Of course, this is an exception for Such Chan, whose situation is as difficult as ascending to heaven. He's a freak. At the Chu family banquet a few days ago, they even beat up Chu Yu, a third-year student. "I think if my brother-in-law gets a spot in this exhibition match, then this underdog victory will become a veiled opponent's situation." Jeanglu said with a grin. Upon hearing this, the other team members nodded in agreement. "A weaker team defeating a stronger one. If Such Chan were to take the field, he could easily overwhelm the third-year students." Chu XY shook his head slightly, a faint smile appearing on his lips. Let's talk about tomorrow's exhibition match later. Everyone get settled and rest first. He then clenched his fist in encouragement. Prepare well. Go for it, boys. Kyoto will win. Go Kyoto. Victory is certain. The crowd shouted in unison, their spirits united. Chapter 147. Opening ceremony. After Chu X Shangyong finished explaining, Such Chan scanned his face with the identification device and entered room 1801. Upon opening the door, a luxurious decorating style immediately greets you. This is a single room with an area of over 100 square meters, showcasing the utmost opulence. Tsk tsk, this is truly a five-star hotel. It's incredibly luxurious. Just then, Jang Lur's voice came from outside the door. Brother-in-law, are you done? Shall we meet up tonight? Suchin opened the door and said irritably, "What the hell?" Jangl grinned and leaned closer, saying, "Hey, brother-in-law, it's so rare that my sister isn't here. How about I take you to relax a bit?" "No, there's an exhibition match tomorrow. I need to get some sleep tonight and go tonight." In yesterday's dream duel. All right. All right, then. I definitely have to go tomorrow night. With his smack of the door closing, Jang Lur left. Such Chin stretched and muttered to himself, "Take a good rest for a day." Above the clouds, a blood mist filled the air. The blood beast church commander, dressed in a long black robe, asked in a cold voice, "Bloodthirsty cult leader, how are things going with the tasks I assigned you?" The bloodthirsty cult leader, Tung, trembled slightly and said in a low voice, "Your subordinate has failed in his duties. There has been no progress so far." The commander frowned slightly. "It's all right. Put Such Chin's matter aside for now. You're in charge of the Kyoto region and the students from the 100 schools league teams are all staying at the Marriott Hotel. Find an opportunity to teach them a lesson. Assassination is not a good strategy. Killing one person will not achieve their goal. Giving those righteous people a warning. Letting them know of the Blood Beast Church's existence will pave the way for the subsequent infection plan. This plan will allow the Bloodbeast Church's terrifying reputation to permeate the entire Dragon Kingdom, making everyone tremble. Fujioshi bowed respectfully and said, "Yes, Commander, I will do my utmost. Yes, if this matter is handled well, you will be in charge of the first phase of the infection plan." Upon hearing this, Tongue E trembled with excitement. Your subordinate will do his utmost to live up to the commander's expectations. The infection plan is a grand scheme that the bloodbeast church has been preparing for many years. If he can take charge of the first phase, his title of bloodthirsty cult leader will surely unleash a bloodbath across the dragon kingdom, striking fear into the hearts of everyone. Step down. As the clouds gradually dispersed, the two figures disappeared from sight. On August 1st, the sun shone brightly and the entire city of Kyoto was immersed in a warm and festive atmosphere. The Hundred Schools League will be held in the Godser Arena. The Gods Slayer Arena, the largest venue in Kyoto, was built specifically for the 100 Schools League. It is magnificent and can accommodate as many as 300,000 people. At this moment, the stands in the arena were already packed with people. The annual 100 schools league is a major event in the Dragon Kingdom. It is not only a stage to test the strength of the younger generation, but also a symbol of the Dragon Kingdom's future hope. Almost every Chinese person was filled with anticipation for this competition, eager to witness the brilliance of those prodigies. The stands were bustling with noise and excitement. Not only were ordinary spectators present, but the front rows were also occupied by various factions. Representatives from various martial arts schools, clans, tauist sects, Buddhist sects, beast taming alliances, official organizations, and the military all came to watch the competition. They had only one purpose for this trip. that is to discover promising talents among many outstanding young players and inject fresh blood into our forces. In the very front row, Satley Ching, the matriarch of the Leaf family of Kun Mountain. She was dressed in gorgeous clothes with an elegant demeanor and dignified bearing, showing the style of a great lady. "I never expected that the Leaf family heads mother would personally come down the mountain to recruit talent this year," Zungt said with a smile. In the past, powerful families in Kun Mountain would usually send their trusted subordinates to watch the competition and recruit people. This year, the head of the Leaf family, Lee's mother, personally took charge, clearly indicating that she came prepared. Lieing smiled and said, "My daughter wanted to go down the mountain to play, so I brought her down with me." At this moment, Liinua anxiously looked around and muttered, "Mom, why haven't I seen Brother Kong Lling yet?" Liing gently patted her daughter S hand. You'll see the contestants when they come on stage. Don't worry. Oh, okay. Lieua said somewhat displeased. It's all Such Chen's fault. If it weren't for him, Brother Kong Ling wouldn't have been sent down the mountain, leaving her with no one to play with. Later, I must make sure Brother Kong Ling teaches him a good lesson. As time went on, the representatives of the various factions in the front row of the audience took their seats one after another, and the atmosphere in the entire Godser Arena became more and more intense. At exactly 10:00, a bright light suddenly shone in the sky above the arena, and a huge holy sword appeared out of thin air. The holy sword, carrying earthshattering power, shot down towards the center of the arena. Boom! With a deafening roar, the holy sword transformed into countless dazzling starlight points in the air, scattering like shooting stars. At the same time, the host, Marcio, appeared in the sky above the center of the arena, dressed in a magnificent outfit. Good morning everyone," Marcio shouted into the microphone. His voice resounded throughout the arena, instantly igniting the enthusiasm of the audience. A deafening roar of cheers erupted from the stands. Countless glow sticks and holographic projection boards were waved in the hands of the audience, turning the entire arena into a sea of joy. Bathed in starlight, Marcio spoke with fervor. Distinguished guests, dear audience members, welcome to the opening ceremony of the 250th Dragon Kingdom 100 Schools League. This is the Kyoto Gods Slayer Arena, and I am your old friend, Marcio. 300 years of trials and tribulations, 300 years of passionate legacy. The Hundred Schools League carries the future and hope of the Dragon Kingdom and witnesses the rise and glory of generation after generation of outstanding talents. Today, the cream of the crop from a 100 top universities across the country will unleash their youthful energy and write their own legendary chapters on this thrilling competition field. As soon as he finished speaking, the huge holographic projection in the center of the arena lit up instantly. The badges of the 100 participating colleges, like dazzling stars, were arranged in a circle in the projection, eventually converging into a lielike image of a soaring dragon, majestic and awe inspiring. In this world ravaged by monsters and invaded by alien races on this land that has endured countless hardships yet always stood firm. They are the future guardians of the dragon kingdom. Let us welcome these future heroes with the warmest applause. First up is our Kyoto team. Let's give them a warm round of applause. With a wave of his hand, Marcio instantly switched the giant projection screen and the Kyoto Ability Academy team appeared before everyone's eyes. The first thing that catches the eye is a flag symbolizing the glory of Kyoto. The one carrying this flag is none other than Such Chan. He was dressed in a black dragon robe, his posture upright like a pine tree, and the heavy banner looked exceptionally light on his broad shoulders. Such raised his head slightly, and his face, which usually carried a hint of laziness and casualness, appeared incredibly clear and resolute under the spotlight. His black tousled hair fell casually across his forehead, but it couldn't hide his deep star-like eyes. He didn't need to make any extra moves. Simply standing there with the flag on his back naturally made him the center of attention. It's Godu. God Su is awesome. Kyoto will win. Susan is awesome. Such Chun. It's Such Chun. Our God Su from Kyoto. Such Chun looks so handsome when he's serious. Absolutely amazing. Kyoto will win. Cheers from the audience rose and fell in waves one after another. Such Chan ignored him and looked toward the arena which was his battlefield and his stage. Chapter 148. Youth should be full of vigor and high spirits. Brother-in-law, your reputation is truly legendary. Listening to the heart-wrenching shouts coming from the audience, Jang Lure couldn't help but exclaim in admiration. The greater the reputation, the higher the expectations people have for you, and the more you can't afford to fail. Such Chan s fighting spirit was completely ignited by the tidal wave of cheers and shouts from the audience. When you're young, you should be full of vigor and high spirits. Hey, so brother-in-law, does that mean you can continue participating in the 100 schools league for the next few years? Suchin chuckled. No need. Participating once is enough. If I'm still participating in the 100 schools league next year at this time, then this competition might as well become the booze league. By this time next year, he has no idea how much he'll have grown in just one year. Jang Lur scratched his head. He That's true. If Suchin participates again next year, then all his opponents combined probably wouldn't be a match for him. The group chatted as they walked into their respective preparation seats. Meanwhile, teams from other colleges were also arriving one after another. Let's give a warm welcome to the Magic City Superpower Academy. Host Marcio's passionate voice rang out again. As the host called out, the team from the Shanghai Superpower Academy made their entrance in perfect unison, eliciting cheers from the audience. Shanghai Superpower Academy. Shanghai Superpower Academy. Following them, the Military Abilities Academy and the Northern Martial Arts Academy also made their appearances. After an unknown amount of time, all the students in the 100 schools league finally entered the arena. At this moment, the curtain officially rose on the 100 schools league. Host Marcio stood in the center of the stage. Welcome to all the contestants from the 100mmies of superpowers. And next up is the opening ceremony match of this year's 100 academy league, the underdog triumphs. Now we will randomly select the underdog and the sophomore students to defeat the stronger team. Then the huge projection screen began to flash rapidly, randomly selecting the names of the two opposing teams. Soon the six spots for the first year students to compete against the secondyear students were freshly determined. Following that, the list of underdog matchups between sophomores and juniors was also announced. Gao Yuan, a sophomore versus Li Yin, a junior. Sophomores with three serves versus juniors with four serves. Sophomore Such Chun versus junior Sutian Kuang. When the matchup list was presented to everyone, the entire audience erupted in an uproar. All attention was focused on the name Su Chan. Holy crap, Susan is actually going to face off against a third-year student in a match where the underdog is going to win. Damn it. This is absolutely a shady deal. Give me my money back. Isn't this clearly an attempt to embarrass Susan? Yeah, the skill gap between juniors and sophomores is so big. How can you compare them? Besides, Susan is only 18 years old. He should be a freshman. Serves him right. If Such Chin hadn't skipped a grade to participate in the competition where the underdog triumphed, wouldn't he have been able to easily handle a secondyear student as his opponent? Various discussions arose one after another, and the atmosphere at the scene suddenly became tense yet enthusiastic. Brother-in-law, your name is actually on the list of those who win against stronger opponents. Jang Lu looked at Su Chun with anticipation. What was originally a somewhat boring match about the underdog defeating the strong was instantly turned into a highly anticipated event because of Su Chen's name. Suchin shrugged. Without me, how boring would this match where the underdog wins behind if someone could actually win a match against a stronger opponent? Jangl laughed and agreed. Suchin sneered. The weak defeat the strong. Who is the real weakling is still unknown. Since my name is on this themed exhibition match, I'll give it my all and fight to my heart's content. The atmosphere was equally enthusiastic in the front rows of the audience. Is the Such Sean in this opening ceremony competition the same Sue Chin from your Kyoto Academy? Liing asked with a curious expression. Yes, Madame Lee Zing and replied. Liing nodded and then asked, "So, in this competition where the underdog triumphs over the strong, who do you all think will win?" Such Chun, a sophomore, versus Su Tian Kuang, a junior. Since they intend to recruit Su Chun, the stronger he is, the greater his value will be in recruiting him. Although Such Chun is indeed strong, Sutian Kuang will most likely win. Su Tian Kuang is at the third level of the fourth rank and is ranked among the top 20 in the 300 schools league. The Magic City Academy spoke first, expressing his full confidence in Suian Kuang. Pretty much after all, Such Chin's cultivation time is too short. Representatives from other factions echoed this sentiment. Liing frowned slightly. Principal Zan, what do you think? Among these people, Zingten is undoubtedly the one who knows Su Chin strength best. Zingten smiled mysteriously. Everyone, please be patient. We'll see soon enough. Such Chin will definitely win this match. Chuyu was a top 10 powerhouse, yet he was defeated by Such Chun. What about Su Tin Kuang who is ranked in the top 20? How can Such Chin strength be measured by the short time he has been cultivating? Principal Zan, aren't you placing too much trust in Su Chin? Principal Suan mean of Shanghai University showed a hint of disdain on his face and said coldly. He simply couldn't believe that an 18-year-old boy could defeat Su Ting Kuang, who was 2 years older than him and whose strength had reached the third level of the fourth rank. In his view, a one-year gap in cultivation might be able to be made up. But how could a two-year gap be easily caught up? Huh? You'll all find out soon enough. Zung Tan continued to keep everyone in suspense. Seeing this scene, Liing was about to speak when she heard Kong Llings familiar voice. Antly Shinua. Kong Lling walked towards them with a look of surprise and delight. Brother Kong Lling. Upon seeing Kong Ling, Lie Shinua immediately broke into a bright smile and rushed forward to greet him. Kong Lling, how have you been since you came down the mountain? Liing asked with concern. I'm doing all right, but I really didn't expect that it would be you. Aunt Lee personally coming down the mountain to recruit talent this time. I guess it's because of that Such Chun the matriarch of a family could personally intervene. Then Such Chan esure must be considerable. That's right. What's your opinion on this young man, Such Chen? Liing asked earnestly, wanting to hear Konglings thoughts in order to better understand Su Chin's potential. Kong Lling narrowed his eyes slightly. His potential and strength are astonishing. Given time, he will definitely surpass me in the future. It must be admitted that Su Chin's cultivation speed was simply beyond imagination. He was able to reach a level of cultivation comparable to his own at age 19 by the age of 18. With such talent, his future achievements are bound to be limitless. Of course, this is only for the future. As for now, Kong Ling is definitely stronger than Such Chun. Liing was slightly taken aback, somewhat surprised that Kong Lling would give such a high evaluation. She thought to herself, "It seems that Su Shan is indeed a talent, and she must do everything she can to recruit him into her own forces. Who exactly is this Such Chin you're talking about?" Lie Shinua grumbled somewhat discontentedly, feeling a little wronged as she was left out in the cold. Kong Llings eyes darted around, and a mischievous smile appeared on his face. Exinu, how about I take you to meet him? Such Chun in terms of cultivation level today. His childhood sweetheart, Lieinua, has arrived, which is a perfect opportunity for him to show off in front of Such Chun. In his opinion, the fact that Such Chin didn't have a childhood sweetheart or girls fawning over him meant that Su Chin's charm was far inferior to his. Now, Kong Ling has the upper hand over Such Chun. Chapter 149. Kong Lang in Ashura Field is on the verge of tears. All right, brother. Kong Lling. I want to see just how capable Su Chin is. The one who can break our coun prophecy. Kong Lling smiled, turned to Liing, and said respectfully. Antly, then I'll take Shinua for a walk around first. With a kind smile on her face, Liing said, "Go ahead and remember to come back soon." The two responded and walked in the direction where Such Chun was. At this moment, the host, Marcio, looked at Su Chun s name on the contestant list. A hint of surprise flashing in his eyes. He cleared his throat and said, "Oh, it seems this year's underdog triumphs themed competition is quite interesting. Will Such Chun, the legendary figure from Kyoto Academy, prevail, or will the third-year contestant prove stronger? Both sides, please get ready." The themed exhibition match will begin promptly in 10 minutes. The atmosphere at the scene was instantly ignited. Everyone is eagerly awaiting to see if Su Chun can truly defeat the third-year students. Let the idea of the weak defeating the strong no longer be just empty talk. Brother-in-law, are you confident you can win? Jang Lu asked curiously as he leaned closer. Do you believe I can win without lifting a finger? How could that be? If you really win, I'll marry my sister to you. Jang Lu looked incredulous. He had heard of the 30 to 70 split where three moves could knock the opponent down seven times, but he had never heard of winning without even lifting a finger. You'll find out soon enough. As Su Chin spoke, his gaze inadvertently drifted to the distance and he saw Liqing walking towards him. Huh? Why is she here? Before he could think any further, Kong Lling blocked his view. Su Chun, if you don't have the ability to win in a match where the underdog triumphs, I don't mind playing in your place. Kong Lling spoke without any politeness as he also wanted to take advantage of this themed competition to show off his skills, but unfortunately he wasn't drawn. Idiot. Suchin looked disgusted and didn't bother to pay him any attention. You Kong Lling was about to get angry, but then suddenly grinned mischievously. Such Chun, let me introduce you. This is my childhood sweetheart, Lysinua. His tone was full of pride, as if he were showing off a rare treasure. You're Suchin? Lieua looked such up and down, her eyes filled with scrutiny. Suchin looked at the girl in front of him. Is there something you need? He was fully aware of Kong Llings little tricks and thought such behavior was extremely childish. It's all your fault. If it weren't for you, my brother Kong Lling wouldn't have come down the mountain. Lee, where did this fairy come from? Before Su Chun could respond, Lie Chinqing walked over with her arms crossed and a hint of disdain in her eyes. Who are you? What makes you think I'm a fairy? Lieua instantly bristled like a kitten whose tail had been stepped on. Li Chingqings lips curled into a disdainful smile. She walked straight to Su Chun, sat down beside him, took his arm, and said in a co-etish voice, "I'm Su Chins woman. What do you say? A man must be given enough face in public, especially in situations where he is to be shown off." "Brother Kong Ling, look at them." Li Shinua looked at Kong Ling with a wronged expression. Kong Lling was also a little stunned at this moment. He had never heard of Su Chun having such a stunningly beautiful woman by his side. However, he still has the advantage at the moment. Such Chun, isn't the woman beside you going a bit too far? Kong Lling said coldly, his face stern. Excessive? Calling her a fairy is too lenient? Xiao walked over angrily, her face full of displeasure. Of course, her anger was mainly due to the sudden appearance of such a beautiful woman next to Such Chan. "And who are you?" Lieua was speechless. Why did these women flock to Such Chan like moths to a flame the moment they saw him? "Oh, I'm Su Chens girlfriend." Xiai Yao put her hands on her hips. These words stunned Kong Ling, leaving his mind blank. A woman, a girlfriend? Suchin's methods are too fancy, aren't they? Could he possibly have a wife or sister? Seriously, in terms of charm, he can't compare at all. Is this some kind of market fair? Huh? So, he's a total scumbag after all, Lie Shinua said disdainfully. The prerequisite for being a scumbag is that he has the ability to do so. Besides, I'm willing to be scumbaged by him. So, what's it to you? Liqing smiled sweetly. "That's right, mind your own business," Xi Yao Yaoa said, hands on her hips, showing no sign of backing down. Lieua opened her mouth, but was speechless for a moment. She looked at the man in front of her. Was he a succubus reincarnated? How could he have such great charm? Kong Lling secretly wiped away tears from the corners of her eyes, her heart filled with envy. What are you doing here? At this moment, Mushwear s voice came from behind, her tone carrying a hint of reluctance. Suchin turned around and saw that Jang Lu had left his seat at some point and pulled his sister over. Xi Yao Yao and Li Ching frowned at the same time. Could there be another expert? Kong Ling subconsciously turned around and asked, "Are you here to see Su Chin too? It about Such Chun that makes him so charming. Two women weren't enough, so he had to have a third. He doubted that Such Chan could possibly handle so many women. Hm. I'm looking for Such Chan. Mushweer felt somewhat helpless. She had been dragged along by Jang Lure to save face. But in this situation, does she need to hold things together? Kong Lling was on the verge of tears, a bitter smile appearing on his face and said, "All right, all right, I understand. You must be Suchin's wife, right? Fine." I Kong Lling conceded. After saying that, he pulled Lie Shinuer away in a dejected manner. everyone. Ahem. The weather is really nice today. Suchin coughed twice, trying to break the awkward atmosphere. Oomph. Such Chun, don't you know that women can interfere with cultivation? Xi Yayao said angrily. How could that be? I feel that having a woman around makes cultivation more passionate. Such Chun frowned slightly upon hearing this. He felt that Li Chingqings words were implied, as if she was making a suggestive remark, but he couldn't find any evidence to support it. Forget about women. Watch the game. Such Chan pointed to the arena. At this moment, the first round of the underdog victory match between freshman and sophomores had begun. Xi Ya Yao glared at Li Chingqing, her heart filled with displeasure. Lie Ching wore a faint smile and did not respond. In her opinion, a petite woman like Xiai Yao Yao was no match for her. A strong woman, whether in terms of cunning or charm. Moo Schwinter's face grew even colder. If you dare to call me that again, you won't get any allowance for a month. Jang Lure broke out in a cold sweat and inwardly groaned. He really wanted to say to Sud Shan, brother-in-law, why didn't you just tell me you were so charming earlier? It shouldn't have been necessary for him to invite his sister over to support him, which resulted in this chaotic situation. Sigh. All I can say is that Su Chun is still the same Su Chun, and his charm is unmatched. Chapter 150. The weak triumphs over the strong. Sorry, I'm the strong one. The arena, the underdog triumphs themed competition on the stage where the firstear students faced off against a trio of secondyear students quickly came to an end. Unsurprisingly, the freshman year was a complete defeat. How boring. I expected this result. It's not that easy for the weak to win against the strong. Indeed, but the secondyear competition is something to look forward to, especially with Susin involved. Brothers, my brain's been completely stored away by reading novels. I wholeheartedly support Sushan. The atmosphere in the arena was somewhat somber due to the freshman's complete defeat. But soon, the host's voice reignited the audience's enthusiasm. As expected, it's not so easy for the underdog to win. Let's look forward to the underdog victory match in 10 minutes. And everyone's expectations were focused on one person, Such Chun. Students at Shanghai University. Honing, the third-year director of Shanghai University, frowned slightly, a hint of worry in his eyes. Tian Kuang, are you confident you can Such Chin? Such Tian Kuang said confidently, "Don't worry, director. I'm absolutely confident I can defeat Such Chan. Based on Such Chin's third tier, eighth level cultivation level a few days ago, he certainly had enough confidence." Honing breathed a slight sigh of relief. Don't underestimate him. Such Chun is very strong and strange. Perhaps his cultivation level has improved again. How is that possible? Two days ago, his cultivation level was only at the third level, eighth stage. Only a day or two has passed. There's absolutely no way his cultivation level could have improved. Suian Kuang was somewhat skeptical. That's right. No matter what, we should not underestimate our opponents. Don't worry, director. I won't embarrass myself. To be defeated by a weaker opponent in such a competition would be a great disgrace. The 10-minute preparation time passed quickly, and the host Marcios voice resounded throughout the venue. Let's welcome Su Chun to face off against Su Tin Kuang in the themed exhibition match. The audience erupted in cheers as soon as he finished speaking. Godsu, God, Su Shun is awesome. Su Shun will  the opponent. Hearing the thunderous cheers, Su Tin Kuanguang felt a surge of envy and jealousy. I will crush you. With that, he stepped onto the ring filled with rage. Little Chinzi, crush them, Xiao Yao encouraged. Keep it up, little man. Li Chingqing said. Such Chun made an okay sign and appeared on the arena like a shadow. Such Chan, I heard you haven't been defeated yet. Su Tian Kuang asked excitedly. Isn't this a normal thing? Whether it's normal or not, I will utterly crush you today. I will take your first defeat. To defeat Su Chin for the first time would be a feat to boast about for years to come. Idiot. Such Chan coldly spat out two words. then looked at the referee. Could the other two come up here, too? There's no difference between hitting one and hitting three. The referee paused for a few seconds, somewhat at a loss. Then looked at the host and asked this. Marcio looked at the audience with great interest and asked loudly, "You do you agree?" "Agree." The audience's responses were uniform and loud. Some eager for a good show, others waiting to see Sue Chun make a fool of himself. All right. The remaining two third-year students come up into the ring. Marcio announced loudly. Before long, three third-year university students were standing opposite Such Chun. Such Chun, you're really arrogant with the three of us attacking. You can't hold out for long. Such Tian Kuang was speechless. Such Chun really didn't take them seriously and even took the initiative to ask to fight multiple people. What he found somewhat regrettable was that he couldn't defeat Suchin solo and enjoy the glory of defeating Suchin alone. Enough with the nonsense. Let's get started. Suchin urged. The referee nodded and stepped forward, announcing the underdog trials themed competition officially begins. As soon as he finished speaking, a headless knight stepped out of the air as if he were a messenger from the darkness. In the battle within 10 minutes, Suchin stepped aside. The headless horseman's voice was deep and cold. Within 3 minutes with the appearance of the headless horsemen, Su Tian Kuang was instantly dumbfounded. A king level bloodline demon beast and a fourth tier thirdle one at that. He simply couldn't understand how Su Chun could possibly control such a powerful demonic beast. Careful before Su Tian Kuang could even think. The headless knight had already ridden his warhorse and thrust his spear through the air. bite. The spear and the long sword clashed with a crisp sound, and Su Ting Kuang was sent flying several meters away, a trickle of blood spilling from the corner of his mouth. "Insects! How dare you mock my lord!" The headless horsemen launched another attack. "What are you standing there for? Come and help!" Su Tian Kuang hurriedly called out to his two other companions, his face showing a look of panic. The appearance of the headless horsemen instantly silenced the entire scene. My god, when did Susan learn the beast taming allianc's beast taming techniques? And he even uses a king level bloodline demon beast right off the bat. 666. I don't think we'll see Sushin make a move today. Damn it. Hey, you idiots, speak up. Who said suchin would lose? Step forward. On the training bench of the third-year students at Kyoto University, Chu watched the scene on the stage, and the frustration in his heart instantly vanished. He couldn't help but burst into laughter. Har. Finally, I'm not the only one getting beaten up by this headless knight. Thinking back to yesterday, if it weren't for the dispel skill, I would have been blown up by the headless horsemen. Front row of the audience, Su Chun, how can you still control beasts without losing your special ability? Hibbo's face was full of disbelief. King level monsters that are higher than his level without paying such a price. There are always people better than you, and there's always something beyond your understanding. Zing Tian and smiled mysteriously. Principal Zang, no wonder you are so confident. Liing said with a smile, looking at Such Chun and becoming more and more satisfied, Su Chins potential was too strong, and she had to win him over. Huh? Zung Tian and laughed as he looked at the principal of Shanghai University and teased. Why aren't you saying anything? The principal of Shanghai University lowered his head, remained silent, and his face was ashen. What could he say? This Such Chun was truly bizarre to the extreme, completely beyond his expectations. The most surprised was Kong Lling, who looked at Such Chun on the arena and muttered to himself, "Such Chun, you've been hiding your true strength. Defeat the Headless Knight at the third level of the fourth tier with his fourth tier, first level strength." It seemed he had no choice but to use the Kong family's secret technique. On the arena, the battle was drawing to a close. Puff. As Such Tinian Kuang was heavily struck by the Headless Knight spear and sent flying to the edge of the arena, he spat out a mouthful of blood and collapsed to the ground. Suchin stretched and slowly walked forward, saying, "Didn't you say you were going to defeat me? How come you don't even have the right to make me make a move?" He chose to respond fiercely to his opponent's pre-match taunts with his own strength. Su Tian Kuang, his face filled with shame, lowered his head and said, "I I lost." The thought of how he had just dared to dream of defeating Such Chun made him feel utterly ridiculous. He doesn't even have the right to make Such Chin take action. Chapter 151. Wolfpack attack. Blood for blood. If you lose, you have to accept it. If you're going to get hit, stand up straight. Such Chan said before stepping off the stage. In this singles competition, only the duel with Kong Ling is worth his full effort and serious attention. In the underdog trial themed match, Su Chin wins. The referee excitedly announced the result loudly. The audience erupted in cheers. This is true victory of the weak over the strong. Alas, it seems our legendary figure from Kyoto truly lives up to his name. Thank you, Sue Chun, for demonstrating how the underdog can triumph over the strong. Now, the 100 schools league officially begins. Today is the first round, 1,00 to 500. Marcio's voice was passionate and resonant, echoing throughout the arena. As soon as he finished speaking, four huge virtual screens appeared in the sky and began randomly selecting opponents. The entire God Slayer Arena has four arenas that can simultaneously host four matches for selection. The four screens flashed and jumped simultaneously, and the four groups of contestants stepped onto the stage to prepare for the challenge. Kong Ling, what's your relationship with Such Chin like? Liing asked curiously in a soft voice. Mistress, do you want me to invite Su Chin to join the Lee family? Kong Lling frowned slightly, seemingly guessing Liqings intention. Indeed, Such Chin's potential is too great. Miley family needs this kind of talent. Liing stared intently at Su Chun as he stepped off the stage, her eyes gleaming with greed, as if she were looking at a rare treasure. If they can recruit Su Chun, the future of the Lee family will be limitless. A hint of embarrassment flashed across Kong Llings face. Antly, Such Chun and I don't get along very well. After all, they are rivals. So, how could their relationship be good when they are always at odds? I see. Liing sighed softly, then turned her gaze to Lie Shinua. My dear daughter, why don't you go and extend an invitation? As the saying goes, opposites attract. So perhaps Lie Shinuas intervention will have unexpected results. Aly, let me go, Kong Ling said hurriedly, her tone tinged with urgency. Are you kidding me? Let his childhood sweetheart go. If Such Chun, with his irresistible charm, were to captivate Lee Shinua as well, he would be at a huge loss. Huh? Didn't you and Su Chin have a bad relationship? Haha, we're on good terms again, Aunt Lee. Leave it to me. Kong Lling laughed awkwardly and patted his chest. The Leaf family is very powerful, and it's a lucky thing for Su Chin to join them. They will most likely agree. All right. Thank you for your help, Sholing. Liing nodded, a satisfied smile on her face. No need to trouble, Aunt Lee. Kong Lling answered with a smile, but her gaze was fixed on Su Chan in the distance, secretly pondering how to persuade him to join the Leaf family. Half a day later, the first round of competition concluded that morning. Because the 1,000 participants were of varying skill levels, some matches were decided with lightning speed. Of course, Suchin also relied on his strong strength to successfully defeat his opponent and advance into the top 500. As for tomorrow, which is the second round of the competition, it will be an even more intense battle to narrow down the field from 500 to 250. After the match, Such Chun left the Gods Slayer Arena without hesitation. The Kyoto Supernatural Ability Mission Hall was bustling with activity and noise. It's where groups of people take on missions, and it's also where the wilderness intelligence is most developed. Inside the hall, various pieces of information intertwined in the air, tightly connecting all the superhums. Hello, I'd like to ask where near Kyoto is a place with a high density of monsters in large groups. Suchin walked to the front desk and asked politely. The receptionist smiled slightly, about to speak, but when she saw who it was, she was stunned, a hint of surprise flashing in her eyes. Master Su, why are you asking this? I just want to hunt monsters to make money. Suchin shrugged and said casually. Making money was just a superficial reason. What he really wanted was to gain kill points and improve his strength. I see. I'm sorry, but the areas with dense monsters are either too far away or they are groups of monsters of the fifth rank or higher, which does not meet your target, Susan. In Such Chen's eyes, just then, a gruff voice came from behind him. Young man, are you looking for an area with a high concentration of demonic beasts? Such Chan turned around and saw a burly man. A hint of anticipation in his eyes. What do you have one? The man, Su Dafing, shook his head. There aren't any, but you can try your luck in the nearby village of Tar. H what's that? Because many hunting teams have encountered bloodthirsty wolves lurking near Taltown village. They are loitering outside the village, intending to attack it. There are probably around 500 of these bloodthirsty wolves, Suda said slowly. A hint of worry in his eyes. Wolves being intelligent creatures will scout out a location beforehand once they have locked onto it. Much like thieves, cunning and cautious. Then why not report it to the authorities? This is a matter of life and death for an entire village. How could we be so negligent? Sudaing shook his head helplessly. There's no solid evidence. Who knows if the wolf is going to attack? So, there's nothing we can do. Where exactly is it located? Since that's the case, he'll have to go there himself. If there really was that pack of wolves, he would definitely kill them all. If not, then it was just a false alarm. It's on the map. Just look for Tao village. Young man, I suggest you go when you're at the fourth tier. Sudafing kindly reminded him. Thanks. Suchin thanked him, carefully examined the map, confirmed the direction, and left. Sigh. This young man is quite kind-hearted. Hopefully, it's not a wolfpack attacking the village. Su Daing watched Su Chins departing figure, sighed softly, and silently prayed in his heart. As evening fell and the sun set, the sky was dyed a magnificent orange red. Su Chun had arrived at an area less than 2 km from Tao village. He saw many people running in his direction in a panic, their faces filled with fear and despair. Brother, what's going on up ahead? Such Chun grabbed one of the fleeing people. Wolves. So many wolves. The man's eyes were filled with fear. His voice trembled and his body shook uncontrollably. In Such Chin's heart, wolves attacked Tal village. Yes, run. There are hundreds of them. Almost everyone in that village of thousands is going to die. We need to hurry back to the authorities. There might still be a chance of survival. As he spoke, the man broke free from Such Chin's grasp and ran away in a panic. It is dusk now, the time when hunters return home, which is why the wolves choose to move in groups at this time. Without hesitation, Such Chun continued to advance rapidly towards Ta village. Who saw Su Chun continue walking forward thought he was crazy. In their eyes, it was simply suicide. A few minutes later, Suchin arrived around Ta village and saw several bloodthirsty demon wolves on the hillside emanating a sinister demonic aura and a bloody smell. Each one was about the size of a small car. You still dare to keep watch? Dot. A cold glint flashed in Such Chen's eyes, and the shadow claw descended instantly. The wolves could even react. They were already torn to pieces and fell to the ground. When he arrived at the hillside and looked down at Tao village, he saw only devastation. Houses collapsed, thick smoke billowing, and countless bloodthirsty wolves rampaging through the village. Limbs and severed bodies were scattered everywhere, and the air was thick with the stench of blood and death. Such Chan trembled slightly as he clenched his fist and the killing demon side slowly appeared in his hand. Then we'll use the blood of you beasts. Blood for blood. He was filled with mixed feelings. Although he had never met these villagers before, he was not a robot. How could he not feel a burning anger when he saw the tragic scene before him? Such Chun immediately activated the detection function and information about the top tier bloodline demon wolf that led the village instantly appeared in his mind. Name: Bloodthirsty Demon Wolf. Bloodline top grade. Realm level, fourth order, third level. Attributes: Dark Wind. Note: Bloodthirsty Demon Wolf, as its name suggests, feeds on blood. Headless horsemen, go and take it down. Such Chun gave the order. Yes, your majesty. The headless knight, with a booming voice, rode a majestic warhorse, traversing the void like black lightning, and charged straight at the top-blooded demon wolf. Suchin closed his eyes slightly and said coldly, "Eternal night." The world changed color. The twilight, which still retained a sliver of afterglow, was instantly swallowed up by the thick, inky night. Strangely, before the sun had completely set, a crescent moon had already quietly risen, the sun and moon shining together. A vast army surged into darkness, and countless shadow soldiers materialized from nothingness. The mastery of the art of commanding thousands of troops was now unleashing terrifying power. Three generals of the same cultivation level as Suchin also appeared. Their killing intent overflowing. Leave no one alive. Suchin's voice was low and cold. Upon receiving the order, the three generals immediately led 3,000 shadow soldiers, surging towards the wolf pack like a tidal wave. In an instant, screams and whales rose and fell, echoing throughout the entire village. The hundreds of demonic wolves were utterly powerless against the shadow soldiers slaughter and could only become lambs to the slaughter. Suchin also took action personally, his shadow sword constantly gathering around him, striking each demon wolf with the precision of a meteor, leaving a trail of blood wherever it passed. This was a one-sided massacre, and the wolves resistance seems so feudal. Someone's coming to rescue us. They finally come. Wah, get out of there. We need to get out of there quickly. Official reinforcements are here. The remaining surviving villagers watching the shadow soldiers surge in like a tide had a renewed glimmer of hope in their eyes. Slate, bloodthirsty demon wolf. Slate, bloodthirsty demon wolf. The delightful notification sound of kill points being credited kept echoing in Su Chin's mind. About 20 minutes later, all the bloodthirsty wolves that had attacked the village were slaughtered. My lord, we will not fail in our mission. The headless knight approached carrying the head of the top tier bloodline bloodthirsty demon wolf. Such Chan merely glanced at them coldly before his gaze fell upon the countless villagers who had died tragically on the ground. Also came out one after another, their faces full of relief at surviving the disaster. Father, with a sorrowful cry, a little boy of about 8 or 9 years old stumbled to a corpse and burst into tears. Dad, wake up. Wake up. The little boy shook the man's body violently. Tears streaming down his face like broken beads, but it was all in vain. Seeing this, Such Chan felt a pang of sadness. He stepped forward and said, "I'm sorry. I'm a little late. Now that things have come to this, there's nothing he can do to change the situation." The little boy looked up, sobbing, his eyes filled with resentment. He glared fiercely at Such Chun and hissed. "It's all your fault. It's all your fault. If you had come sooner, my father wouldn't have died." "Exactly. What are you guys doing here? You're always so slow to show up. Oomph, they must have come slowly. Otherwise, our village wouldn't have been wiped out. The surviving villagers nearby also began to criticize. Looking at the ugly faces of the villagers and the child's hateful eyes, Such Chin's initial sympathy and pity vanished instantly, replaced by endless anger and heartbreak. You say, "It's all my fault." Such Chin's face was terribly gloomy. You're so amazing. If you had come to our village sooner, none of this would have happened. You're the one who killed my father. The little boy persisted, speaking fiercely. Upon hearing this, Suchin's lips curled into a cold smile. Just then, the official Kyoto organization finally arrived at the scene. Jean Leang, the leader, showed a hint of surprise before politely speaking. Susan, was it you who dealt with the bloodthirsty wolf attack in this village? Su Chin shook his head slightly. It's not over yet. The killing demon sighthe appeared out of thin air. Damn demon wolf. How dare it possess an innocent child. Dot. With a heavy swing of his arm, the little boy was instantly cleaved in two, blood splattering everywhere. This scene not only left the remaining villagers dumbfounded, but also stunned the Kyoto official delegation, their faces filled with disbelief. No, no, your excellency. We haven't been possessed. We are all good people. Wah, please don't kill us, sir. Such Chin sneered, his eyes flashing with even more killing intent. That cunning demon wolf can even beg for mercy in human language. Dot. The death scythe swung out again, and a black shadow blade flashed out like lightning, cutting all the surviving villagers in half without exception. Such Chun is no pushover. He traveled thousands of miles and rushed to the rescue without stopping, only to be met with such accusations and complaints. I didn't expect their gratitude, yet I'm being falsely accused. Sorry, let's be buried together. Living is just a waste of air. Upon seeing this, Jeang Leang was startled and quickly said, "Master Su, these villagers don't seem to have been possessed by the demonic wolf." Such Chin raised his eyes and looked at him coldly. That persistent demonic wolf, daring to impersonate a member of an official organization. Before Su Chen could finish speaking, Jeangs expression changed and he immediately changed his words. Susan, I was blind just now. These villagers have definitely been possessed. Upon hearing this, the killing intent in Su Chins eyes subsided slightly. He was burning with anger. His good intentions had been taken for granted, and he had been unjustly accused. Who wouldn't be furious in his situation? They know they're powerful, yet they're still so unreasonable. Are there any large monsters of around the fourth tier gathering around here? Suchin asked, suppressing his anger. Jean Leong quickly checked the map and shook his head. It doesn't seem to be there. Su Chens eyes and he said softly. Thanks. Wait, Susan. The wolves that attacked the village are only a part of it. The real wolf Den hasn't been wiped out yet. Do you want to give it a try? Jean Leang suddenly said. Suchin frowned. These nearly 400 aren't even the main force of the demon wolves. No, there are nearly 2,000 bloodthirsty wolves in this area. They are divided into three groups. and the one that attacked the village today was only one of them. The strongest of these is the moon devouring wolf king which has a king- level bloodline. Upon hearing Jeang Leong s words, Such Chin's previously somewhat uninterested eyes instantly lit up. Where is it? What is its specific level? Before going, it is natural to find out the enemy's strength first. Only by knowing yourself and your enemy can you win every battle. Chapter 152. Demonic Beast Talent. Buddhist people arrive. It's on the northern hillside. Today happens to be August 1st, the day the moon devouring wolf king absorbs moonlight at the highest peak of the hillside. Its cultivation level is around the sixth level of the fourth rank. Jeang Leang explained in detail. Absorb moonlight. Such Chun frowned slightly, a hint of confusion flashing in his eyes. This wolf really be a spirit? Can it use moonlight to enhance its strength? That's right. The higher the realm and bloodline level of a demon beast, the higher its intelligence. And that moon devouring wolf king seems to have awakened the legendary demon beast talent. Jeanglong said with lingering fear, a hint of apprehension in his eyes. A demon beast talent? It can't be that you can awaken a talent that makes you stronger by absorbing moonlight, can it? Suchin found the idea that demonic beasts could awaken their talents quite novel, as this was the first time he had ever heard of it. Jean Leang smiled slightly. That's actually quite possible. Stop joking. Suchin's expression turned serious and he asked earnestly, "Could you give me a detailed explanation of the knowledge related to demonic beast talents? The idea of a monster's talent is just a popular belief, much like how humans awaken superpowers. Monsters might awaken their talents after consuming rare and precious materials. Of course, if a monster truly does awaken a talent, then without exception, they will be incredibly powerful among their peers." Jean Leong explained patiently. Su Yao was already powerful, and if he were to be given talent, it would be like adding wings to a tiger, making him even stronger. Thanks, Su Chan said his thanks, his gaze fixed on the hillside, already determined to go and investigate. Susan, I don't recommend you go. That moon devouring demon wolf has a king- level bloodline and has reached the fourth rank, sixth level. Its strength should not be underestimated, Jean Leong said with a worried expression. Don't worry about that. If I can't win, I can always run away. The moon devouring demon wolf with its king level bloodline. Moreover, if this moon devouring wolf king meets the criteria for inclusion in the demon god register, wouldn't that mean we'd have another powerful general, then you must be careful, Susan, Jeang Leang repeatedly warned. Don't worry, Su Chun replied and resolutely left the village. Sir, how should we report this? Jeang Leyangs subordinate asked somewhat awkwardly. They originally came to rescue Ta village, but now the situation is somewhat awkward. The good news was that there were a few survivors in the village when he arrived. The bad news was that Su Chun mistook them for bloodthirsty demon wolves and killed them. How are you going to report this? Didn't you see that all the living villagers are possessed by demonic wolves? Jean Leong said irritably. He felt it was no injustice that the village was destroyed. They had been told to move to the city, but they wouldn't listen. Understood. Understood? The subordinate nodded quickly, fully understanding. That's more like it. Let's call it a day. Jean Leong waved his hand and the group left the ravaged village. Night fell and the moonlight was as clear as water. Fisk. No wonder the wolf king has been able to survive for so long. There's a wolf patrolling every few dozen meters. Suchin hid in the shadows and looked into the depths of the mountains and forests. All that could be seen were bloodthirsty demon wolves, one of which was vigilantly patrolling the surroundings every few dozen meters. He guessed that these demonic wolves were probably keeping watch for the wolf king so that the moonloving wolf king could absorb the power of moonlight in peace. Just as Such Chin was pondering, he suddenly heard a light footstep behind him. Benefactor, is it because it's so late at night that you're here to defecate? A slightly humorous voice rang out. Such Chan turned around abruptly and saw two bald men in towist robes standing behind him. Who are you? Such Chin's heart tightened and he immediately activated his detection function. Name: Fatian. Faction: Buddhism. Realm level, fourth order, sixth level. Superpower, grade A, universal light. Note: Suchin narrowed his eyes slightly. A Buddhist. He recalled that Schwanji, whom he had met last time, was also a Buddhist and couldn't help but wonder what the two of them were doing here so late at night. "Greetings, benefactor. We are Buddhists. We sensed an opportunity here today, so we came to inspect it," Fatian said, pressing his palms together. Such Chin's eyes darted around, and he had an idea. "Actually, I'm just like you. I also feel that there is an opportunity here, so I came to see if I can get it." Benefactor, please don't follow our example. Fatian smiled but a hint of suspicion was in his eyes. Actually, it was Daisuji who sent me there. I think you all know her, right? Suchin tentatively said. Swanji s understanding of Buddhism is higher than these two. So, she should have a certain degree of fame. Fatian and Fi exchanged a glance, a hint of surprise flashing in their eyes. You know our marshall Anwanji? That's right. She told me there was a wolf on this mountain and that it was an opportunity. So she asked me to see if I could get it, Su Chin said calmly. The opportunity they mentioned is most likely this moon devouring Wolf King. Otherwise, there couldn't be anything else special here. Fatian and Fi turned their backs and began to talk in hush tones. Do you think we can believe what he's saying? Fatian asked, frowning. Fa nodded. It's believable. After all, the opportunity of this demonic wolf was predicted by our Buddhism. Fatian pondered for a moment, a sly smile appearing on his face. Then let's team up with him, have him work for us, and then steal that demonic wolf in the end. How about that? Although they found some of Su Chin's words credible, they didn't dare to believe them completely. Okay, F readily agreed. The two men turned around with smiles on their faces. Esteemed benefactor, it seems you were sent by Marshall Antwanji. That's right. The opportunity you two mentioned must be that demonic wolf, right? That's right. Since they're people sent by our marshall uncle, how about we cooperate? Fattian suggested enthusiastically. Sure, how about this? You guys go up and fight that demonic wolf, and I'll deal with the wolf cubs in the forest. Okay. He sent the two to fight the moon devouring wolf king while he took the opportunity to deal with the remaining bloodthirsty demon wolves, gain kill points, and then reap the benefits. He never had much affection for Buddhism, especially because of Schwanji. Benefactor, do you have that ability? Fatian looked su chin up and down, his eyes revealing distrust. There are at least a thousand wolves in these mountains, which has been a constant headache for the two of them. They were afraid that while they were fighting the moon devouring wolf king, the bloodthirsty demon wolves would gang up on them. Of course, there is. Otherwise, why would Marshall and Schwanji send me? As Suchin spoke, he casually waved his hand, and a group of shadow soldiers appeared out of thin air, lined up neatly behind him. Seeing this, the two turned their backs and began to discuss in hush tones. We can totally agree. He's at the fourth level, first stage, and his summoned creatures are also at the third level. He should be able to hold off those demonic wolves, and then we can deal with the moon devouring wolf king, faton said with a wicked grin. What if he comes before we can resolve this? F asked with some concern. It's simple. We're all at the sixth level of the fourth tier. Why are we afraid of him who's only at the first level of the fourth tier? We'll just have to see if he obeys. If he does, we'll spare his life. If he doesn't, well, well, we can only pray. Chapter 153. Tensions rise. Yet the reaper of the benefits. Then I'll have to trouble you. Benefactor Sue. F. And I will take our leave first. Fatian and Fi showed joy, and the two transformed into a dazzling golden light, rushing towards the moon devouring wolf king on the mountaintop. Such Chun watched them leave, a cold smile playing on his lips. Tsk tsk. Did they really think I was some greenhorn? The moon devouring wolf king has awakened its demon beast talent. Its strength should not be underestimated. Suchin planned to first clear out the monsters in the mountains to obtain killing points. Then use these killing points to increase his cultivation level and then go up to deal with the two Buddhists, reaping the benefits of their success. Those two people, no matter how much they planned, could never have imagined that they could rapidly improve their cultivation level in such a short time. Headless Horsemen, Tuanto, come out. The Dark Elf gang and the Headless Horsemen appeared out of thin air in an instant, and at the same time, 3,000 Shadow Soldiers and three shadow generals lined up neatly behind him. Clear out all the bloodthirsty wolves from the mountain. Leave no one alive. Shadow soldiers can blend perfectly into the darkness, making them ideal for assassination and sneak attacks. We will not fail in our mission. After receiving the order, the Headless Knight set off up the mountain with Tuan Tuan and the shadow soldiers. Suchin stood quietly in place, his gaze fixed on the mountaintop, a thoughtful look in his eyes. At the summit, the bright moonlight poured down like mercury, illuminating the entire mountaintop as if it were daytime. The moon devouring wolf king whose body radiated starlight. At this moment, the moon devouring wolf king was quietly lying on the platform at the top of the mountain surrounded by the power of moonlight. Amitba, it seems this wolf king has truly awakened its talent. Faian's voice carried a hint of amazement and excitement. He knew they had made the right decision to come. The power increase of a monster that awakens its talent is immeasurable. If they can capture this moon devouring wolf king, the entire beast taming alliance will owe Buddhism an enormous favor. They could even use this moon devouring wolf king to exchange for the beast taming alliance's most precious treasure, the demon suppressing tower. Fatian, what should we do? F asked nervously. Wait 20 minutes, then we'll attack together. If no other moon devouring wolf kings come to help, it means that kid has successfully held back the bloodthirsty demon wolves in the mountains. Then we can go all out. as expected of my senior brother Fatian. His plan is brilliant. Fi couldn't help but exclaim in admiration. Haha, you flatter me. The main thing is that we met a hotthead this time who helped us a lot. The two exchanged a glance, their eyes gleaming with greed, and then began to wait patiently. 10 minutes, 20 minutes. Make your move. Fatian was the first to attack. He suddenly slammed out a palm and a huge golden handprint carrying immense power hurdled towards the moon devouring demon wolf. Boom! With a loud bang, the moon devouring wolf, caught off guard by the attack, trembled slightly but managed to withstand the blow, only taking a small step back. The moon devouring wolf king raised its head, its purple eyes filled with rage. "A woo!" It held to the sky, trying to summon its pack for help. Not good, Faton thought to himself. A look of tension appearing on his face. However, after waiting for a while, only a few bloodthirsty wolves hurriedly arrived. Seeing this, Fian's face immediately lit up with smuggness. Harah, that kid has indeed successfully held back the pack of bloodthirsty demon wolves in the mountains. Junior brother, make your move. The two simultaneously swung their hands out and dazzling beams of light shot out like brilliant stars heading towards the moon devouring Wolf King. In large numbers as expected, the moon devouring Wolf King brandished its sharp claws and unleashed several fierce moonlight blades that shot towards Fatian and F like silver lightning block. Fatian and FO gripped a large golden bell tightly with both hands, managing to withstand the attack. You beast, today I, Fatian, will rid the people of this scourge. Faian's eyes were filled with murderous intent. 10 minutes later, Suchin also arrived at the top of the mountain. He stood quietly to the side and saw Fatian and Fi engaged in a fierce battle with the moon devouring Wolf King. At this moment, Fatian and Fi were clearly at a disadvantage, and their toist robes were torn in several places by the attack of the Moon Devouring Wolf King. Such Chun stretched leisurely, crossed his arms, and quietly watched the fierce battle. A hint of mockery in his eyes. Ding. A demon beast capable of being included in the demon god compendium has been detected. The moon devouring wolf king. Name: Moon devouring wolf king. Bloodline king level. Realm level, fourth order, sixth level. Attributes, light, dark. Talent, power of moonlight. Absorbing moonlight accelerates cultivation level. Additionally, it allows one to strengthen themselves and unlock the moon form. Suchan was pleasantly surprised when he saw the system notification. He hadn't expected that this demonic wolf could actually be included in the demon god register. Moreover, this monster actually possesses such a powerful talent. The ability of demonic beasts to awaken their talents has been nothing more than a legend throughout the history of the dragon kingdom. Surprisingly, this legend is actually true. Therefore, he must capture this wolf king no matter what. Damn it, this wolf king is too strong. Even with the treasure in hand, we're still no match for it. Fasian's eyes were filled with shock and resentment. He didn't expect that even with the two of them and the treasures they possessed, they would still be repeatedly defeated by this wolf king. What should we do then? F asked anxiously. Now, we can only use that golden bell. Fatian gritted his teeth, his eyes hardened, and a golden bell like a copper bell appeared out of thin air. With my blood suppressed, Fatian loudly chanted Buddhist mantras and spat a mouthful of blood onto the golden bell. The golden bell began to grow rapidly, larger and larger, until it became much larger than the moon devouring demon wolf. Boom! With a loud crash, the golden bell landed heavily on the ground, trapping the moon devouring demon wolf inside. We did it, Fatian exclaimed excitedly. Senior brother is amazing. Well be praised by our senior uncles when we get back. F said excitedly. Fatian waved his hand modestly. Not at all. It's all thanks to that hotad who helped us lure the bloodthirsty wolves in the mountains, which made our journey so smooth. Oh, am I the hotad you're talking about? Just then, Such Chin slowly walked out, a faint smile on his face, but a hint of coldness in his eyes. Fatian and F exchanged a glance and burst into laughter. Haha, who did we think it was? Fatian then said, "Boy, you've done us a favor. If you know what's good for you, get lost and I might spare your life. What if I don't?" Suchin raised an eyebrow. If you don't, then well have no choice but to kill you. Even if you're someone sent by Marshall Antwanji, it won't make a difference. Fatian threatened fiercely. They were ordered to suppress this moon devouring wolf king, but it was in preparation for a larger plan. They even brought out the golden bell for suppressing demons, determined not to let anyone ruin their plans. Kill me? Do you think that's possible? I'm at Baba Buddha benefactor. You are only at the fourth level, first stage. What gives you the confidence to say such a thing? Faton's eyes were full of mockery. Such Chan was merely bluffing. Suchin nodded and said, "That's true, but why don't you take another look?" At the same time, Such Chin spoke in his mind, "System, upgrade me to the fourth level of the fourth tier." Consuming 160,000 kill points. The cultivation level has been successfully upgraded to the fourth tier. Fourth level. In an instant, Such Chin's aura began to surge wildly. The surrounding dark elements were drawn to this powerful aura and began to stir violently. Such Chin's cultivation level rose rapidly from the second level of the fourth rank to the third level of the fourth rank and then to the fourth level of the fourth rank. The surging power within him. Such Chun smiled with satisfaction. Fourth rank. Fourth level. That's enough for him. Defeating enemies of a higher level is the norm, and this time is no exception. Chapter 154. The eighth demon god, the moon devouring wolf king. you you were suppressing your cultivation level before. Faton's face was full of confusion. What did he see? The young man before him broke through three realms in one go. Aside from the inconceivable situation of suppressing one's cultivation level, he couldn't think of any other possibility. Suppress my cultivation level? I don't need that. Suchin said calmly. Amitba, no matter what your reason was for advancing to the third realm, you are so ungrateful that you cannot be spared today. Fascinians eyes sharpened and he and Fi prepared for battle. That's exactly what I was thinking. Just when the tension was at its peak, suddenly the golden bell behind them, gleaming with an eerie golden light, emitted a deafening, violent clanging sound. Thump, thump, thump. The continuous dull thuds like the beating of war drums made one's eardrums ache. Your broken golden bell can't even hold back the moon devouring wolf king, can it? Suchin sneered. Benefactor, you underestimate our golden bell. This golden bell is a Buddhist treasure. Any demonic beast below the fifth rank that is enveloped by it will have no chance of escape," Fatian said confidently. However, the next second, another deafening roar was heard, and a thin crack appeared on the originally sturdy golden bell. "Click! Click!" The cracks spread rapidly like a spider crawling across the surface. Fatian turned around abruptly, his face filled with horror. "This? How is this possible? Bang! With a loud bang, the golden bell could not withstand the weight and shattered into countless golden fragments which scattered in all directions. The moon devouring Wolf King, who was originally sealed inside the golden bell, also underwent a complete transformation at this moment. The moon devouring Wolf King, which was already the size of a large automobile, has now expanded to the size of a small mountain. Not only that, its fur turned a deep, eerie blue, shimmering with an eerie light under the moonlight, appeared on the wolf's face, while a crescent moon pattern between its brows emitted a cold light, making it exude a violent and terrifying aura. Is this the activation of the moon form? Suchin frowned slightly and muttered to himself, "A wo!" The moon devouring wolf king let out a deafening roar, leaped forward, and its massive forpos carrying a sharp gust of wind slashed fiercely at Fation. Without the golden bell to block it, this incredibly swift attack left Fation with no way to avoid it. Damn it, immovable as a mountain. The image of a majestic mountain appeared on Fatian sbody, and a powerful aura spread out. However, the moment the moon devouring Wolf King S4P made contact with the shadow of the mountain, it was as if the mountain had been destroyed and Fatian was directly clawed in two with blood splattering everywhere. A truly gruesome sight. Senior brother F's eyes widened like copper bells. How could the moon devouring Wolf King s strength be so terrifying? They were able to fight them to a standstill before a 50/50 situation, but why were they suddenly and instantly defeated? Before he could figure it out, the moon devouring Wolf King's blood red eyes turned sinisterly towards FOD. Upon seeing this, Fi was startled and his face instantly turned pale. Help me. Help me. He cried out desperately to Such Chan for help. Help your mother. You're trying to scam me? Don't you even know how many hairs are on your head? Such Sean said with a face full of disdain. Damn it. If you don't help me, you'll die too. FY's eyes were bloodshot and his face was contorted. Puff. Before he could finish speaking, he was smashed to pieces by the wolf kings massive forposs. His body turning into a cloud of blood mist and dissipating into the air. Slowly turned his cold gaze to Such Chan. How about you submit to me? Suchin remained calm and composed as he took out the demon god manual. The demon god register swelled in the wind and slowly unfolded in the sky. On the eighth demon god's seat, a wolf head pattern was faintly visible. The eyes of the moon devouring wolf king did not diminish in the slightest. It roared and slashed with its huge front paws. Several sharp beams of moonlight power instantly condensed and transformed into light blades which slashed fiercely at Su Chun to show its attitude. Clang blade formed by the power of moonlight clashed violently with the killing demon scythe in Such Chin's hand. Sparks flying everywhere. Suchin only took two steps back to steady himself, his eyes burning with fighting spirit. Since he refused to submit, I will beat you until you do. In an instant, they merged together, and the shadow soldiers surged out like a black tide, joining the headless knight and the eternal knight. Countless shadow soldiers, densely packed together like a pack of black phantoms, surrounded the moon devouring wolf king. He will go all out in this battle. After all, he is facing a terrifying wolf king with king level bloodline and who has activated his moon form. Seeing the endless ant-like swarm of shadow soldiers, the moon devouring wolf king swung its claw, and a large number of shadow soldiers vanished into thin air. However, the shadow soldiers were numerous and kept attacking it relentlessly, one after another, as if they could never be killed. Behind Such Chun, a pair of jet black wings suddenly unfurled, as if a demon had descended. He gripped the demonic sythe of slaughter, soared into the air, and slashed fiercely at the wolf king, engaging in a fierce battle with him. For a moment, the moon devouring Wolf King, with its terrifying strength, withtood the tidal wave of attacks from the shadow soldiers, and Such Chin's fierce offensive without being at a disadvantage at all. Every time it swung its claws, it brought forth a storm of blood and gore. Every roar it let out made the air vibrate. The night was quiet, except for the mountain peak, where shouts of battle, roars, and the clash of weapons mingled together in a chaotic cacophony. A few minutes later, the moon devouring Wolf King gradually became overwhelmed by the storm of attacks. Shadow Sword dance. Dozens of shadow swords appeared out of thin air like black meteors, and pierced directly into the tiny wounds on the moon, devouring Wolf King's body. The moon devouring Wolf King felt pain. Its body shuddered violently and it let out a painful howl. The moon devouring wolf king looked at Su Chun in the sky, then suddenly leaped down and swatted at Such Chun, wanting to smash him into mince meat. Want to test your strength? Come on. Such Chin's eyes sharpened as he brandished the killing demon scythe, fearlessly taking the blow headon. Boom. The collision of the two generated a powerful shock wave that swept out like a hurricane, shattering the surrounding rocks. Such Chan was sent flying more than 10 meters away before he could barely regain his footing, a trickle of blood spilling from the corner of his mouth. Damn, I still need a power-based cultivation method. Suchin sighed inwardly. The Wolf King stared at Such Chun in astonishment. How could this human possess such formidable strength? That's boring. Let's try this. in Su Chin's eyes. As he suddenly activated the shadow demon pool, a massive pool of dark elemental magic instantly formed beneath the wolf kings feet resembling a black abyss. A gigantic ghostly claw emerged from the demonic pool, blotting out the sky and seized the wolf kings body. Oh. The wolf king let out a painful howl that echoed through the sky. Submit or dot. Suchin looked down at him, his voice like a pronouncement from hell. The moon devouring wolf king, still displaying its ferocious expression, roared in unwilling fury. A woo, you son of a  You have three seconds to choose between surrendering or dying, Such Chun said impatiently. Even if the Wolf King doesn't submit, he can just kill it and replace it with a new alpha wolf. The moon devouring Wolf King's eyes were filled with resentment. But under the threat of death, it finally obediently lay down, and the ferocity in its eyes gradually dimmed. That's more like it. Such Chin's lips curled up slightly, revealing a satisfied smile. At this moment, the grid for the eighth demon god in the demon god register behind him lit up, shining brightly. The moon devouring wolf king was directly sucked in and inherited the eighth position of demon emperor. Name: Moon devouring wolf king. Bloodline king level, realm level, fourth order, sixth level. Attributes, light, dark, talent, moonlight power. chosen for the eighth position of the demon god in the demon god register gained the power of the demon god. Moon form duration increased by 100%. Moon form physique increased by 100%. Looking at the latest panel of the moon devouring wolf king. A hint of disappointment flashed in Such Chen's eyes. It's a pity that it couldn't help the moon devouring wolf king advance to a bloodline above the king level. However, it's already good enough that he was able to subdue it. His eternal knight is a perfect match for this moon devouring wolf king. As soon as the eternal knight began, the wolf king directly absorbed the power of moonlight and activated his moon form. Absolutely perfect. The individual competition in this 100 school league is now so intense that it's practically a one-sided affair. Next, Suchin looked at the remaining kill point 125,060. System, give me some points. Chapter 155. True Intent Shadow Sword Dance. The Bloodthirsty Bishop's Conspiracy System. Upgrade Shadow Dance to True Intent. After spending 120,000 kill points, the sixth tier combat skill, Shadowblade Dance, has successfully advanced to the True Intent realm. In an instant, the proficiency of the Shadow Sword dance began to rise at an almost terrifying speed. small achievement, great achievement, perfection, true meaning, surged into Such Chin's mind like a torrent. After a long while, Suchin slowly opened his eyes and exclaimed in a low voice, "Awesome." The true realm shadow sword dance brings about a complete qualitative change. It is no longer limited by a fixed proficiency level to determine the number of shadow swords summoned. For example, when one reaches the lesser completion stage, one can only condense 12 shadow swords. But now with the breakthrough to the true intent realm, this constraint has been directly broken. As long as his body has a continuous source of energy, he can condense an astonishing number of shadow swords at will, and their power will increase exponentially. Just as Such Chun was immersed in joy, the moon devouring Wolf King broke free from the demon god register. Its purple eyes, tinged with scarlet, still gleamed with resentment and defiance. Seeing this, Suchin asked coldly, not convinced. want to fight again? The moon devouring wolf king nodded heavily as if in response. Come on then. After being enhanced by the demon god's codeex in its moon form, it felt it possessed unparalleled power, making it invincible. Your life is in my hands, and you still want to fight me. The demon god register was already bound to Such Chun, and the life and death of those demon beasts who inherited the position of demon god were entirely in Such Chin's hands. The arrogant wolf king immediately deflated as it could clearly sense the invisible connection between itself and Such Chan without a second thought. As long as Such Chun had a thought, it would instantly perish and turn into a cold corpse. "A woo!" It roared in resentment. "Don't worry, you won't regret following me." Suchin smiled faintly. At this moment, Suchin already had a new plan in mind. Currently, his Shadow Legion is somewhat limited in composition. Next, he will focus on expanding the shadow legions unit types such as shadow cavalry, flying units, assassin units, and so on. The moon devouring wolf king ignored Su Chun and went straight back to the small world of the demon gods chronicle. Still a stubborn wolf, Such Chun chuckled, glancing at the headless knight beside him and said, "As its second brother, you'd better train it properly." Tuantoan is always the group's darling and the leader. The headless knight is the second and the moon devouring wolf king is currently ranked third. Upon hearing this, the headless horseman showed a hint of embarrassment on his face. Your majesty, I can't defeat it. It was only at the third level of the fourth rank, while the moon devouring wolf king was not only at the sixth level of the fourth rank, but also possessed powerful talent. This difference in strength meant that it had no chance of winning. Such Chan was silent for a moment, then said, "Then have Tuantoan help you. Two against one. Yes, we will not fail in our mission. The demon god chronicle contains the moon shadow sacred tree. With the power of the moon shadow sacred tree and the assistance of Tuantoan, it might still have a fighting chance. The headless knight also returned to the book of demons and gods. Towanchuan, why don't you go and have some fun, too? Suchin looked at the adorable little Tanchuan with tenderness. Little Tanchuan nodded her little head. All three demonic beasts have gathered in the demon god register. Such Chun shrunk the demon god compendium and put it away. His gaze turned to the distant mountains. Continue the hunt. Now that we're here, we should naturally collect as many kill points as possible before heading back, especially since we have plenty of time. Kyoto, the night was as dark as ink, enveloping the entire city. Bloodthirsty Bishop, when do we attack? At the Godslayer Hotel, several special envoys and elite members of the Bloodbeast Church were waiting for Tongue Es orders in the residential building across the street. Tong E remained calm and composed, a sinister smile playing on his lips. He toyed with blood in his hand, and under his control, the blood condensed into a scarlet rose, exuding a nauseatingly bloody stench. No rush. It's 10 p.m. now, just when students are starting their night life. 3:00 a.m. is the perfect time. Once they finish their night life and are asleep, my grand formation will be in perfect control. Then you can sneak in and assassinate them. The Blood Beast Church has been relatively quiet for almost half a year. Today, they're going to create a major event to let the human leaders know that their adversaries are always watching from the shadows and have never disappeared. The bishop is brilliant, but bishop, can you hold off those principles? A hint of worry flashed in the eyes of the elderly envoy. Whether their operation will succeed depends entirely on whether the bloodthirsty bishop can hold off those principles, especially Zing Tianan. Tongue E chuckled lightly. I might not be confident in dealing with people above the 10th rank, but those below the 10th rank are not worth mentioning. He was a powerful expert at the eighth level of the ninth rank, while Zungian was only at the sixth level of the ninth rank. Even if the principal of the Magic City Academy were still there, he would not be afraid in the slightest. He is fused with the essence and blood of a king-level demon beast. In his halfh human half beast state, his strength is enough to make anyone tremble with fear. Then we special envoys can rest assured. Please, Bishop, point out the room where Such Chin is. 1801. Success is best. Failure doesn't matter either, Fuji said calmly. Yes, I, the venerable envoy, will do my utmost. The elderly envoy said excitedly. He is at the fourth level, eighth stage. Dealing with Su Chan would be a piece of cake for him. Yes, go kill some people and prepare some fresh blood for me. Tong waved his hand and ordered, "Yes." Tong raised his eyes and looked at the brightly lit God Slayer Hotel in the distance. The blood red rose in his hand transformed into countless blood red butterflies that danced in the night sky before disappearing without a trace. A bloody feast is about to begin. In the early hours of the morning, the entire city fell asleep. Will the Bloodbeast Church do anything tonight? Zung Tiann stood in the lobby of the Godslayer Hotel and asked the staff of the Supernatural Abilities Administration Bureau. As the unified accommodation hotel for the 100 schools league, the Godser Hotel not only has teachers and even principles from various colleges accompanying guests, but also the full protection of the Supernatural Abilities Administration Bureau. After all, the students who can come to this God Hotel are the elite of the elite, and their safety is of utmost importance. Sundai, deputy director of the Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau, stood respectfully to the side. Principal Zong, rest assured, there will be facial recognition and checks by our official personnel for entry and exit. In addition, we have two members of the Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau on each floor to ensure that nothing goes wrong. The Kyoto Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau has made ample preparations for this 100 schools league and dares not slack off in the slightest. Zincnn was still somewhat worried. Increase patrols and arrest any suspicious persons immediately. Better to arrest the wrong person than let one go. Yes. Sai replied quickly. Zingten and felt a little better when he saw that he had agreed. It's almost 1:00 now. Are there any students who haven't returned yet? Yes, but all of them have been reported. There's only one who hasn't been reported and his whereabouts are still unknown. Sundai answered truthfully. Who is it? Zung Tianans heart tightened and he quickly asked Such Chan. Chapter 156. The blood red barrier. Tong Yis power. That kid didn't come back. He hasn't come back yet. But don't worry, Principal Zang. I heard from the Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau that he went to the wilderness to hunt monsters. Sundai spoke, his face full of confusion. wouldn't celebrate after a resounding victory in the opening exhibition match. Such Chun, on the other hand, went straight into the wilderness to kill monsters right after finishing the match. Principal Z and breathed a slight sigh of relief, then shook his head helplessly. That kid, he's always like that. What a strange young man. Sundai shook his head with a chuckle. It's good that he's all right. Let's go for a walk. The so-called walking around is actually an investigation of suspicious locations. Good. At 3:00 in the morning, the night was as dark as ink. Sis, my brother-in-law didn't come home last night. You'd better keep a close eye on him when he gets back. Jang Lure leaned against the door frame and complained, his tone full of resentment. They had clearly agreed to relax together by getting a foot massage after the match. But since the match ended, Suchin hasn't even shown up. Don't shout nonsense. Mushwearer didn't even look up. Oh sis, if you don't make a move soon, my brother-in-law will really be snatched away. Good men are in high demand. Good men are just as desirable as so-called goddesses, and they are just as sought after. Mooer simply closed her eyes, ignoring her younger brother's nagging, and focused intently on her cultivation, remaining unmoved. Jang Lu recsideed. He had called her brother-in-law for so long. But he still couldn't get his older sister to make up her mind. Just as he was feeling discouraged, Mushwearer suddenly opened her eyes, a look of surprise flashing in them. Sister, you've thought it through. Jang Lur's eyes lit up. No. Mooer's voice was deep as she pointed out the window. The sky outside has turned red. Before he could finish speaking, Jang Lu was shocked to realize that the entire sky above the Godser Hotel was completely shrouded in a thick inky blood color. At the same time, a figure hovered in the sky above the hotel. It was Tung E. Blood gushed from his palms, intertwining and tangling like living things, weaving a giant crimson net that covered the heavens and the earth. The crimson barrier array. A bunch of pathetic worms who have never cultivated spiritual power. Just wail in this blood red barrier. Tong Yis lips curled into a sinister smile. This blood red barrier for an extended period of time. They will inevitably be forced to bleed from all seven orififices and die due to the invisible spiritual pressure. Of course, he never intended for the barrier to remain for long. It was merely a decoy used to draw fire. The barrier fell. Screams of agony erupted throughout the gods hotel. Countless ordinary students were forced to curl up on the ground by the mental power, their faces pale, and fine beads of blood seeping from their mouths and noses, plunging them into extreme pain. The powerful figures inside the hotel instantly sensed this fluctuation of spiritual energy and instantly soared into the air. The bloodthirsty cult leader Zung Tianan Sundai and Suan mean the principal of Shanghai University stood in midair, their cold gazes fixed on Tongi. Fujioshi was not afraid at all. Long time no see old friends. The three exchanged glances, needing no further words. They had already reached a tacit understanding. Take care of him. break the barrier. Before he finished speaking, three powerful auras soared into the sky. The three of them attacked simultaneously. Their moves fierce and swift, directly targeting Tongi. Tong Yi's smile widened, and with a wave of his hand, the blood in the sky instantly condensed into thousands of blood red long swords. Their blades gleaming with a chilling bloody light and carrying a pungent smell of blood. Go. Countless crimson swords rained down like a torrential downpour, shooting densely towards the three. What a disgusting superpower. Zung Tanon's face turned ashen. Among the bloodbeast cult, the bloodthirsty bishop is the most troublesome. All because of his S-class ability, blood control, which allows him to manipulate all blood in the world at will, transforming it to fight enemies. Being called disgusting by you is a kind of proof of your strength. Fuji laugh wildly. Inside the hotel below, the screams grew increasingly heart-wrenching and many students could no longer hold on, their bodies beginning to convulse violently. Seeing this, Zung Tanons heart tightened, and he quickly said in a deep voice, "On mean Sai, you two break the barrier. I'll stop him." The two hesitated for a moment, then immediately turned around. Every second the barrier remained, the more dangerous it was for the students below. Zung Tan, do you really think you can stop me by yourself? Tung Yis eyes flashed with murderous intent. Try it and you'll see. Zong Tanons aura surged, unleashing his full power at the sixth level of the ninth rank, and he engaged in fierce combat with Tongi. At this moment, inside the Gods Slayer Hotel, thousands of personnel from the Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau were on high alert, armed, and evacuating students. However, the mental suppression of the Crimson Barrier was too doineering, and the scene remained chaotic. Many students gradually suffered mental breakdowns due to their pain with screams and cries mingling together creating a climate of fear and panic. Only in Liings room were Kong Lling and Lie Shinua unharmed, clearly protected by the protective barrier set up by Liing. Antley, don't worry about us. Go and break that barrier. Kong Ling spoke anxiously. The screams outside the window making him restless. But I'm worried about you. Liing looked troubled. She could tell that this was no accident, but a premeditated attack. Don't worry, Auntly. I have a protective treasure given to me by the patriarch of the Kong family. No one can harm us. As Kong Lling spoke, he raised his hand and revealed a jade pendant that emitted a soft glow. Seeing this, Liing no longer hesitated. All right, you protect Shinua. I'll go break the formation. Liing flashed out of the room and headed straight for the core of the barrier. After Liing left, Kong Lling looked at Li Shinua, who seemed slightly frightened and said in a deep voice, "Shinua, you stay here. I'll go outside and check the situation." As the strongest student among the Hundred Schools League, how could he hide in his room and live a life of ease? Brother Kong Lling, I want to go, too. Lieua clenched the hem of her clothes, her eyes showing a hint of stubbornness despite her fear. Kong Lling hesitated for a moment, then finally nodded. Okay. He took Lysinu's hand, resisted the mental suppression of the crimson barrier, and resolutely pushed open the door, stepping into the chaotic corridor. At this moment, the Godser Hotel has long since become a living hell. Godslayer Hotel. The night was stained with blood. Wow. The Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau is really willing to invest, even setting up a special barrier to protect the students. Such Chan had just returned from the wilderness when he spotted the massive blood red net enveloping the hotel and his brows furrowed slightly. But the next second he realized something was wrong. The moment his fingertips touched the barrier, an extremely doineering spiritual force surged through his fingertips, carrying a chilling cold and an evil aura and actually blocked him from entering. Further away, the sounds of fighting in the sky were deafening. Blood splattered everywhere and the stench of blood filled the air, making people nauseous. Suchin looked up and immediately saw the battle situation. Zung Tianan was being suppressed by Tong E and was retreating step by step, clearly at a disadvantage. Name: Fujioshi. Faction: Third Bishop of the Blood Beast cult. Realm level, ninth rank, eighth level. Special ability, Srank, blood control. Fused with the essence of demonic beasts. King level bloodline. devouring God Bloodbat King. Note, this is extremely powerful. It is recommended that the host restart immediately upon encountering it. Suchan understood immediately. Zangtien was only at the sixth level of the ninth rank. No wonder he was suppressed. Just then, a loud boom resounded. The crimson barrier that enveloped the heavens and earth finally shattered under the combined attack of Liing, Su An, and Sundai. The moment the blood stains disappeared, the three figures flashed and arrived at Zong Tians side. The four of them stood side by side, their eyes fixed on Tongi. For against one, surely they can win this time. Such Chun muttered to himself, no longer hesitating, his figure transforming into a shadow, silently infiltrating the chaotic Gods Slayer Hotel. Chapter 157. The ruthlessness of Fujioshi in a desperate situation. Facing the encirclement of four people in the sky, Tongue E showed no fear. Two ninth level, sixth stage cultivators and two ninth level, fourth stage cultivators. Such a lineup really thinks highly of me. Bloodthirsty cult leader. The crimson barrier has been broken. Surrender now. Sundai roared, his supernatural powers surging. A barrier? I never expected it to work. Fuji licked his lips. Today's match was just an appetizer. The real killer move is the infection plan. That's the kind of fear that will make the entire superpowered world tremble. Enough talk. Take him down. Suan mean shouted and the four of them instantly formed a pinser movement, pressing down on Tongi. Fujioshi grinned. In that case, I'll play along with you guys. Before he could finish speaking, a loud bang rang out. Tungis clothes exploded, sending fragments flying everywhere. A pair of enormous blood red bat wings suddenly unfurled behind him, their membranes covered with eerie black patterns. Each wave of the fan, gusts of foul wind were stirred up, and a blood red aura swirled and roared around him. Not only that, his left side suddenly mutated, covered with fine, dark red scales. His five fingers transformed into sharp bloody claws. His ears became pointed like bats and his fangs protruded from the corners of his mouth making him a terrifying halfhuman half beast. You have actually reached the realm of half beast true form. Zong Tanon's pupil shrank his face filled with shock. Ordinary halfhuman half-beast forms only exhibit scattered characteristics of demonic beasts such as sharp claws and long tails. However, Tung Yi's form with its halfhuman half-beast body and surging power is the ultimate halfhuman half-beast form, far surpassing others of the same level in strength. Surprised, Tong Yis eyes turned completely crimson, and his right claw suddenly lashed out, several blood red claw blades tearing through the air and slashing towards the four people. What's even more surprising is yet to come. Get out of the way, Zung Tian warned, and the four of them dodged back in unison. The claw blades grazed the hem of her clothes, leaving three faint blood stains in the void, and the clouds they touched were instantly stained dark red. Is that all you've got? Tongue E sneered. If this is all you've got, I wouldn't mind killing you all today. Insolence. Zung Tan roared in fury, his body radiating golden light as he unleashed his full power, activating Marshall God Avatar. Marshall God Phantom, several tens of feet tall, materialized behind him. Clad in golden armor and wielding a giant spear. It exuded divine might, forcing the surrounding crimson aura to retreat. Tsk tsk old Kajger, I didn't expect he could still activate this form. Today, I will definitely take you down. Zung Tien and leaped into the air, merging with his marshall god Avatar. His spear, imbued with immense power, thrust fiercely towards Tong E, shouting, "Come and fight." The spear pierced the air, and golden light and crimson clashed in the sky, unleashing a deafening roar. The Gods Slayer Hotel, the lingering scent of blood had not yet dissipated, leaving the place in a state of utter chaos. Hundreds of shadow swords floated around Su Chun, his detection function activated throughout. "Are there any casualties?" He looked at the Superpower Management Bureau personnel running towards him, his tone urgent. Not yet, but quite a few people have suffered mental trauma. Suchin nodded, his gaze suddenly sharpened, and with a slight movement of his fingertips, three shadow swords shot out like meteors, accurately hitting a passerby who was pretending to flee in panic not far away. Susan, what is this? The staff member was completely astonished. He is a member of the blood beast church. The staff were completely dumbfounded. Was Suchin no longer going to act at all? Could it be that his eyes can open an account in a second? Don't just stand there. There are no hidden enemies here. I'll go upstairs and take a look. Ignoring his shock, Suchin flashed and quickly headed towards the upper floors. Meanwhile, 3,000 shadow soldiers quietly blended into the darkness, silently protecting the panicked students and staff. Whenever they encountered infiltrators from the bloodbeast church, they would not hesitate to kill them. On the 18th floor, the elderly special envoy stared at Su Chan s wide open door, his eyes filled with resentment and regret. "That kid's got really good luck. He got away again. We don't necessarily have to kill him." That Kong Lling on the 17th floor is worth a lot of money," his companion suggested. The elderly envoy's eyes flashed with a sharp light, and he nodded, saying, "Let's go." Just as the two had dealt with the guards on the 17th floor, they saw Kong Ling Jang pulling Lie Shinuar along, carefully moving downstairs. Special envoy, what should we do? The elderly envoys eyes darted around. Go and lure him to the woods behind the hotel. It's secluded and deserted there, perfect for making your move. Taking action here would inevitably attract the support of the Supernatural Abilities Management Bureau, and success might not be guaranteed. But when you get to that grove of trees, you can't get help from heaven or earth. Clear. The elite member gripped his dagger and charged towards Kong Lling, figning a surprise attack. Kong Lling reacted extremely quickly, turning around abruptly. His long sword was drawn from its sheath and with a crisp clang, he precisely parried the dagger. People from the blood beast church. Kong Lling frowned. Now that you've recognized me, I can't let you live. The elite member grinned maliciously and pounced again. Kong Lling snorted coldly, raised his hand, and waved, and dozens of light swords materialized out of thin air, shooting towards the opponent like a rain of arrows. A lightsaber pierced the elite member's thigh with pinpoint accuracy, and blood gushed out. "Damn, this kid is so strong." The elite member's expressions changed drastically. They dared not linger and turned to break through the window, fleeing towards the woods behind the hotel. Oof, trying to run away. Kong Lling was furious and was about to give chase, but Lysinua held him back tightly. Brother Kong Lling, don't pursue a cornered enemy. What if there's an ambush? Kong Lling hesitated for a moment. Then his fighting spirit intensified. What's there to be afraid of? I have a protective treasure given to me by my family. Even if there's an ambush, I can escape and scathe. Seeing that he was determined to go, Li Shinua gritted her teeth. Then take me with you. I can't let you go on an adventure alone. Good. Blinded by rage, Kong Ling readily agreed, grabbed Lie Shinua's hand, and followed the trail of blood toward the woods. The elderly envoy, watching from afar, smirked coldly at the site. He then imitated the call of a cuckoo, the clear chirping conveying the signal to gather amidst the chaos. Although they failed to kill Su Chun this time, eliminating Kong Ling. This prodigy can be considered a perfect gang. He had just turned to leave when Such Chun arrived at the 17th floor. Huh? All the guards here are dead. He rushed up to the 18th floor and there he saw the same thing. Blood stains all over the stairwell with a strong smell of blood. He released his mental energy quickly scanning the entire building. Only after sensing that all the students were safe and sound did he breathe a sigh of relief. Such Chun. Just then, Mushwear s door was pushed open. She saw Su Chun in the hallway and a hint of surprise and worry flashed in her eyes. Are you all right? I'm fine. Such Chin shook his head, his gaze falling on his wideopen door. Was there a fighting sound just now? Did someone go into my room? Yes. I heard some noise next door, and when I came out, I saw your door had been opened. Fisk, looks like they're after me again. Suchin sneered. At that moment, several shadowy soldiers appeared beside him, their fingers pointing in unison towards the back of the hotel. Such Chin's heart stirred and he quickly walked to the window, instantly activating his detection function. Dozens of dark figures were seen rapidly gathering in the grove behind the hotel. They were all members of the blood beast church. "So many people are rushing over there. There must be a conspiracy," Such Chan muttered to himself. then turned to Mushware, "Go and notify the supernatural abilities management bureau immediately to come to the grove behind the mountain to provide support." He finished speaking. Such Chun transformed into a shadow and disappeared silently out of the window, speeding towards the grove of trees. Mushware didn't dare to delay and turned around to run downstairs. She had only one thought in her mind, to bring reinforcements as soon as possible. The battle raged on in the sky. Despite fighting four opponents alone, Tong E held his own. With the flapping of his crimson bat wings, countless bloodb blades and spears emerged, forcing the four to struggle to keep up. A hint of boredom gradually appeared in his eyes. But when his gaze swept down to the grove of trees below, he suddenly saw Kong Ling and Lie Shinua surrounded by them and immediately threw his head back and burst into laughter. Everyone, why don't you look down at the woods behind the Godser Hotel? Upon hearing this, the four of them looked down and saw that Kong Lling and Li Shini were surrounded by a continuous stream of bloodbeast church members. Layer upon layer, surging forward like a tide. The two were in grave danger. Shinua Liings eyes were bloodshot and her heart was breaking. She wished she could rush down to rescue her immediately. What a pleasant surprise. Tongue E instantly stepped in front of the four. Want to go help? That's no fun. You might as well watch how they get torn to shreds by the blood beast church. Chapter 158. A ninth tier combat skill to save the day. As soon as he finished speaking, Tong Yis blood surged and boiled. His scarlet blood steaming and condensing into a semi-transparent blood red barrier that firmly enveloped the four of them. Only by breaking this barrier will you be qualified to save those two hotheads. His eyes were full of mockery. On mean and I will hold off, Tingi, while Liqing and Sundai will do their best to shatter the barrier. Zung Tian and spoke quickly but calmly. Fujioshi grinned. Then you guys give it a try. At this moment, in the grove behind the Godser Hotel, "Huh? Why aren't you running anymore?" Kong Lling stood with his hands behind his back, his gaze fixed on the blood beast church member who had staggered and stopped in front of him. The member turned around, a sinister smile creeping across his face. Why don't you take a look behind you? Kong Llings heart sank suddenly. He turned around abruptly and saw several dark figures rushing towards him with a sharp aura. The sound of their footsteps crushing fallen leaves grew closer and closer. Brother Kong Lling, we've fallen into their trap. Lieu's face turned pale. Kong Ling clenched his fists, veins throbbing on his forehead. Damn it. How could you be so shameless? Shameless? Haha. You're just too stupid, you idiot. Kong Ling was struck dumb upon hearing this, overwhelmed with guilt. Indeed, he had been incredibly foolish. If I had listened to Lie Shinuas advice and hadn't insisted on pursuing them, I wouldn't be in this desperate situation now. Hey, young man, you're running really fast. Why did you stop? A mocking sneer came from behind, and Ching Fong, the special envoy, slowly surrounded them with several church members. Brother Kong Ling, what should we do? Lieuette trembled all over. Kong Lling took a deep breath, suppressing his panic, and instead grinned. I, Kong Lling, am not so easy to kill. He suddenly raised his hand and crushed an ancient jade stone in his arms, a life-saving item bestowed upon him by his ancestor before his departure, powerful enough to instantly kill anyone below the eighth rank. The moment the jade shattered, a tremendous force erupted from it. However, it possessed a devouring suction force, instantly draining Kong Llings spiritual power and blood. Buzz. A dazzling golden light suddenly burst forth like a small sun rising in the forest. Within a radius of a 100 meters, all living things that touched the golden light let out a shrill scream and then turned into pools of foul smelling blood. Kong Ling was completely exhausted and collapsed to the ground like a lump of mud. Xi and Yu run. The bloodbeast church will definitely have more to do. Brother Kong Lling, I won't leave. I can't abandon you. Lieuan knelt beside him, tears streaming down her face. Tsk tsk. Luckily, I was prepared. I knew you aristocratic disciples were hiding treasures. A sinister voice rang out, and the elderly envoy transformed into a shadow, silently appearing in front of the two. In the distance, more than a dozen members of the blood beast church were closing in, forming an encirclement. Kong Llings pupils contracted sharply, and a trace of despair flashed in his eyes. He thought that with his family's reputation, no one would dare to mess with him easily after he came down the mountain. So, he didn't bring many life-saving measures. Unexpectedly, they underestimated the treacherous and cunning nature of these evil forces outside the secular world. You can kill me, but please don't touch the woman next to me, okay? He struggled to lift his head, his voice carrying a hint of pleading. Har kid, I love stealing other people's girlfriends. I'm not only going to kill you, but I'm also going to have some fun with the little beauty next to you. The elderly envoy licked his chapped lips, his eyes filled with blatant lust. I think it would be even more interesting to do a live stream and let her be a public bodhis sudva. Suddenly, a casual voice broke the tense atmosphere. Who? The elderly envoy turned around abruptly and saw a tall slender figure leisurely walking out from behind a tree, hands in pockets, expression indifferent. "Such Chun, it's you." The elderly invoice pupils contracted. "Is that not allowed? You guys continue. I'm just a bystander." Such Chun casually leaned against a tree, his gaze sweeping over the group. He really hadn't expected it to be those two idiots, Kong Ling and Lysinua. Now that you're here, you're not leaving. Today, we'll wipe you all out. The elderly envoy reacted, gripping a blood red dagger. Wait. Such Chun raised his hand to interrupt him, then turned to look at Kong Lling on the ground. Child of light, what price are you willing to pay for your life and the life of this young lady beside you? Kong Ling was stunned, his eyes filled with confusion. Could Such Chun in front of him really be capable of defeating a fourth tier, eighth level envoy of the elderly? I'll use an eighth tier combat skill, Kong Lling said, clinging to his last hope. Such Chin shook his head, then looked at the elderly special envoy. What are you suggesting that I shouldn't save them? I The elderly envoy began, but suddenly realized something was wrong and roared. Boy, don't even think about stalling for time. Seeing this, Su Chan turned to Kong Lling again. One ninth tier dark elemental combat skill in exchange for the lives of both of you. Agree and I'll save you. Disagree and I'll leave now. I agree. Kong Ling answered almost without hesitation. He guessed that Such Chun must be hiding some kind of treasure that could turn the tide of battle. Su Chin's eyes lit up and he clapped his hands. Great. Then he looked at the elderly envoy and said, "How about this? Let me stay and trade my life for yours. How about that?" The so-called life for life was simply to prevent Kong Ling and the other two troublesome fellows from staying here and dragging things down. Is this elderly envoy only at the fourth rank, eighth level? Sorry, but the moon devouring wolf king has activated his moon form and can easily crush him. I'm not stupid. I can kill you and I can kill these two green horns. The elderly envoy sneered, clearly not believing Su Chin's nonsense. Yeah. Su Chin's figure suddenly turned into a dark shadow and disappeared without a trace. In just a few seconds, he reappeared in the same spot. Now, are you still sure you can kill me? The elderly special envoy's face turned pale and then red. Fine, you can replace the two of them. Killing Su Chun would be far more profitable than killing that idiot Kong Lang. This kid is bound to become a major threat in the future, so it's the perfect time to get rid of him. As for Kong Lling, there will be plenty of opportunities to kill him later. Such Chun, I don't need your charity. Go away, Kong Ling said anxiously, her eyes reening. He never expected that Such Chun would save him in this way. But his inner pride would never allow him to be protected by a longtime rival. Suchin rolled his eyes and with a flash, he appeared in front of Kong Lling and delivered a resounding slap. Smack. Kong Llings face was slapped so hard it was twisted, blood trickling from the corner of her mouth. She was completely stunned, stammering. You You damn it, Such Chan said irritably. Remember the ninth tier dark elemental combat skill you promised me? As he spoke, he picked up one of them in each hand like he was carrying two little chicks and with a sudden burst of strength threw Kong Ling and Lie Shinua directly out of the encirclement. The two figures flew over the encirclement and fell towards the edge of the forest. Such Chun, why are you doing this? We are rivals. Having escaped danger, Kong Lling roared into the depths of the forest, his voice trembling slightly, his heart breaking. Brother Kong Lling, stop talking nonsense. Go and call for backup. Don't let Su Chins good intentions go to waste. Lieua tugged at his sleeve and wiped away her tears. Upon hearing this, Kong Lling slammed his fist into the ground, sending dirt flying. He gritted his teeth and shouted, "Go!" He swore in his heart that as long as Su Chun could survive, he Kong Ling was willing to be a slave for the rest of his life to repay this life-saving grace. Unfortunately, he had a vague premonition that Such Chun might not survive. Meanwhile, in the woods, Such Chan watched as the two hottheheads finally ran away, a satisfied smile spreading across his face. This is a huge profit. The ninth tier dark combat skill is already booked. Plus, the kill points that can be obtained by killing these bloodbeast church members. It's simply wonderful. All right, now it's time to settle things between us. Chapter 159. I'll crush you all. You're surrounded. Hara, our business? You think you can turn the tide? The old man's tone was playful, like a cat playing with a mouse. Suchin has no background or backing, so he definitely doesn't have any treasures. What chance does he have of turning the tables? Suchin's lips curled into a cold smile. What's the rush? I'll show you what it means for two moons to shine simultaneously, causing the world to lose its color. Before he finished speaking, the rest of the bloodbeast church members surged forward like a tide surrounding Su Chun in the center. the sky. Tingis face was full of excitement. Tsk tsk a prodigy exchanged for the lives of two idiots. How touching. He never expected that Su Chan would actually be willing to die for someone else. You could trade it for something better, but you're trading it for the lives of two idiots. That's ridiculous. Liing and the other three naturally witnessed Su Chen scene just now, and their hearts were filled with complex emotions. Liing roared, "Damn blood beast church. If Suchin suffers even the slightest mishap, Miley family will mobilize the entire clan to wipe out your lair. Such Chan was in dire straits because of her daughter, the young man's magnanimity and sense of responsibility far exceeded her expectations. Zing Tiann was extremely anxious. In his eyes, the lives of Kong Ling and Lie Shinua combined were not even worth 110,000th of Such Chans. He truly couldn't understand why Such Chun would do something as risky as exchanging his own life for anothers. God of War above, please grant me the power to reverse the course of fate. He roared in a low voice as his superpowers erupted and the white hair at his temples spread at a visible speed. Even if it cost him his old life, he absolutely could not let Su Chin get hurt. Oh, old man, you're going to fight to the death. Tongue raised an eyebrow, his killing intent intensifying. Looks like Such Chun holds a significant place in your heart. Well, then I'll make you watch him die right before your eyes. He crushed the blood stone in his hand, and a dense crimson energy enveloped his entire body like magma. But just as he was gathering his strength to launch an attack, a sudden change occurred. Boom! The dark clouds seemed to be torn apart by a giant hand, and two beams of bright moonlight pierced through the sky. A second silvery white full moon hung prominently above the capital. The two moons were in the air and their clear light shone down instantly covering an area of 3 km in radius. This is the ultimate display of Su Chin's eternal night domain after breaking through to the fourth tier. Two moons in the sky. Tongi and Zung Tiann were both speechless, their eyes filled with surprise and doubt. Then, as if they sensed something, they all turned their gazes to the woods below. In the woods, Such Chan was no longer disguised. A wicked and arrogant smile on his face. Listen up. You're surrounded. He he. Tens of thousands of kill points are about to be credited to my account. This feeling is wonderful. The elderly envoy was taken aback for a moment, then burst into unrestrained laughter with the church members behind him. Harah, you think you can surround us? A dozen or so fourth tier experts? Of course. Suchin waved his hand. Shadow soldiers. Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh. The shadows surged and an aura like that of a thousand troops swept across the entire arena. 3,000 shadow soldiers materialized from the shadows of the forest while at the front of the column stood three4th tier fourthle shadow generals. The elderly envoys laughter abruptly stopped. His mockery instantly turning to horror. Damn it, we're really surrounded. Envoy, what do we do? The church members behind him panicked completely, their voices trembling. What's the panic? They're just some third or fourth tier grunts. The elderly envoy forced himself to remain calm and said sternly. You hold off these shadows. I'm going to kill Such Chun. Yes. A dozen or so church members tried to fight their way out. Such Chun, I am your opponent. The elderly envoys figure transformed into a blur, moving at extreme speed, heading straight for Su Chens face. Such Chan sneered and flicked his wrist. Your opponent is it. Splash. The demon god register suddenly unfolded and the demon god's position of the moon devouring wolf king burst forth with dazzling silver light. The moon devouring wolf king reluctantly stepped out of the register. A woo. As the moonlight shone down, the crescent moon pattern between the wolf king's eyebrows lit up instantly. Silver light flowed down his fur and his aura surged. King level bloodline fourth tier, sixth level. The elderly envoys pupils constricted sharply. When did king level monsters become so worthless? Who said Such Chin's strongest summon was the headless knight? Such Chun, you deliberately lured us into this trap. He finally realized, "Do you take me for a fool like Kong Lling?" Such Chin's wicked smile deepened. Tell me, did I do it on purpose? As soon as he finished speaking, Such Chin's mind stirred. Moon devouring Wolf King activate moon form. Buzz with the blessing of the demon gods register and the eternal night and the twin moons. No one below the fifth rank could defeat the moon devouring wolf king who was at the sixth level of the fourth rank. The elderly envoy was drenched in cold sweat, his back completely soaked. He dared not linger in the fight any longer and turned into a shadow, fleeing in a frenzy. Run. If it runs away, you'll get a beating every day from now on, Such Chin said calmly. The moon devouring wolf king bristled, exerted its strength in all four limbs, and its body moved like a silver lightning bolt, instantly giving chase. Such Chan turned to look at the church members who were trying to escape, a bloodthirsty smile curling at the corner of his mouth. Demon pool, open. He slammed his palm heavily on the ground, and a dark demonic pool several hundred meters in diameter suddenly appeared. Countless thick ghostly claws stretched out from the pool, locking onto the fleeing figures. A Such Chan, you'll die a horrible death. The screams of agony rose and fell as the church members dragged into the demonic pool by the ghostly claws were instantly corroded by the shadows, their flesh and bones dissolving. In just a few breaths, they turned into piles of white bones and merged into the demonic pool. Kill points increased. Target: Fourth tier, fourth level blood beast cultist. Kill value plus target fourth tier sixth level blood beast cultist. The pleasant notification sound kept ringing in his mind and just then such saw a silver shadow flash by the moon devouring wolf king carrying the bloodied head of the elderly envoy tossed it in front of him. Okay, let's go back. The moon devouring wolf king grunted in dissatisfaction then transformed into a streak of light and disappeared back into the demon god's register. Such Chin slowly raised his head, his gaze piercing through the trees and looking up at the sky, a calm and serene smile on his face. The smile, when seen by Tangi, made him feel as if he had fallen into an ice cellar, sending chills down his spine. "This boy must be killed." As the four cold words fell, Tong Yis body instantly transformed into countless blood red dandelions, drifting away in the wind and disappearing into the horizon in the blink of an eye. If they continued to waste time, not only would they gain no benefit, but they might also attract the pursuit of a 10th level expert. This meticulously planned ambush ended in heavy casualties due to Su Chin's sudden emergence. This child must not be allowed to live. After Tong E escaped, Zing Tian and the others remained stunned in place, their shock lingering for a long time. After a long silence, Liing sighed softly, her tone extremely complicated. In this year's 200 school league, the championship is probably unnecessary. It can be given directly to Such Chan. This young man's extraordinary talent far exceeded everyone's expectations. Looking across the world, perhaps only the heir of theQin family of Kun Mountain can barely outdo him. Chapter 1 69th tier combat skill commander, Chin Sha, Principal Suan Min of Shanghai University stared intently, his eyes filled with envy. You guys in Beijing, you've really struck gold. Zung Tianan standing to the side beamed with barely suppressed joy. Huh? You made me worry for nothing. He originally thought Su Chun was doomed this time, but he didn't expect this kid to be so fierce. In just 3 minutes, he broke through the blood beast church. Liing stared intently at Su Chin's retreating figure. This young man was exceptionally talented and incredibly strong. She had to invite him to join the Leaf family. Whether it's luring him with money, using a honey trap, or offering him unparalleled fame, we must win him over. Just then, Sundai's voice broke the silence. Let's go and see if there are any casualties. The crowd then came to their senses and got up to leave. Mushwe led the personnel from the Superpower Management Bureau to the Grove where they spotted Kong Lling and Lie Shinua from afar. You two, what are you doing here? Kong Ling scrambled forward, shouting, quick, save Chun. Mushwear was startled, her beautiful eyes widening. Save Such Chun. Lieuas eyes reened slightly as she added. He was surrounded by the blood beast church while trying to save us. She was filled with guilt and self-lame. She had looked at Su Chun with strange eyes back then, and now she realized how incredibly foolish she had been. Mushwear's expression instantly turned serious. Quick, she immediately turned around and leading the people from the Superpowers Management Bureau sped towards the depths of the grove. Jang Lure stood there full of suspicion. Is my brother-in-law really that kind? Besides, Such Chun would never do anything he wasn't sure of, but he still cursed out loud. If it weren't for you two idiots, would my brother-in-law be like this? After saying that, he walked slowly toward the grove. Brother Kong Lling, let's go back first. Liinua gently tugged at Kong Llings sleeve. Kong Lling glanced at her, then looked into the depths of the grove, his heart filled with guilt. He finally nodded and followed Lysinua toward the Godser Hotel. A dimly lit room. Fujioshi stood below the stage, feeling somewhat uneasy. Commander, what's the plan this time? Ching Xiao slowly opened his eyes. How is it? Tongue E dared not conceal anything and truthfully replied. We failed to kill those prodigies. All 30 plus members of the blood beast church I sent out perished. Oh, the entire army was wiped out. Chin Xiaos eyes turned slightly cold upon hearing this. Yes, it's all because Su Shan is just too monstrous. Chin Xiao was silent for a moment, then slowly said, "I understand. You and Laosi can work together on the infection plan. You can choose the experimental city." Tongue E was overjoyed and immediately knelt on one knee, excitedly saying, "Commander, rest assured. I will execute the infection plan perfectly." Get up. We can also take this opportunity to assess the next batch of high priest candidates. Yes, then what about Su Chan? Tongi hesitated for a moment before asking. You don't need to worry about Such Chan. Perhaps he can become a pawn for me. Huh? What do you mean? Fujioshi asked somewhat confused. You don't need to ask any more questions. Just remember to let theqin family's maternal lineage in Kun Mountain know that Such Chan possesses a dark elf. Although Fujioshi was filled with doubt, he quickly agreed. I will take care of it tomorrow. The next morning, sunlight streamed through the window into Su Chen's room. Knock knock. A rapid knocking sound rang out. Such Chan, still half asleep, got out of bed, rubbed his eyes, and mumbled, who is it? He opened the door and saw Kong Lling Mushwear and their group standing outside. Everyone looked at Su Chun as if they had seen a ghost, their eyes filled with shock and disbelief. Such Chan, you're still alive? Kong Lling asked, his eyes wide. Such Chan was speechless and said irritably, saying such unlucky things so early in the morning. Can I just die? Upon seeing this, Kong Ling excitedly stepped forward and hugged him tightly, her voice trembling slightly. Such Chun, I'm so glad you're alive. Suchin shoved him away and said disdainfully, What are you doing? What are you doing? Kong Ling was a little embarrassed and scratched his head. Thank you for saving me last night. No, don't thank me. You promised me a ninth tier combat skill. Suchin raised an eyebrow, a hint of threat flashing in his eyes. If Kong Lling dares to go back on his word, he'll show him right here and now why the flowers are so red. Don't worry, my Kong family can get the ninth tier combat skill by going to theQin family's treasure pavilion. Kong Lling patted his chest and said confidently. He meant what he said. Such Chun saved his life, so naturally he had to give him this ninth tier combat skill. TheQin family, does such a family exist? Suchin asked curiously. It's safe to say that there are definitely some. TheQin family's maternal lineage is mostly composed of dark type experts and the strongest dark type expert in our dragon kingdom is also from theqin family. Kong Lling explained patiently. Upon hearing this, Su Chan felt the weight lifted from his heart and nodded in satisfaction. All right, try to be as fast as possible. Level combat skill is only the eighth tier. There are no ninth tier combat skills for sale at all. Now there's something to look forward to. Just thinking about it makes me feel great. Well, I'll tell my ancestor right now, Kong Lling hesitated for a moment, then said cautiously. But could you give me a drop of your essence blood? He also wanted to know what Su Chun s destiny was and why he was so exceptionally talented. Upon hearing this, Such Chin pondered for a moment, then said, "Okay." He bit his finger, and a drop of his blood slowly dripped into the small bottle. Thanks. I'll definitely get you a ninth tier combat skill within 2 days. As Kong Lling spoke, he turned and left, still somewhat puzzled as to how Su Chun had managed to survive. Could it be that he killed all those people? Such Chin smiled broadly as he saw Liqing and Lie Shinua approaching. Such Chun, thank you for saving my daughter. If there's anything you need, Miley family will definitely provide it. Liing said with a smile. On one hand, she wanted to build a good relationship with Such Chun, and on the other hand, she genuinely wanted to thank him for saving her daughter. Such Chen's eyes lit up. Get me some blood essence from a demon beast of rank eight or above, preferably dark type, along with some dark type rare and precious materials, and ideally a cultivation technique to enhance my strength. He immediately started making a wish, his face full of anticipation. Upon hearing this, Liing pondered for a moment before replying. Essence, blood, and dark elemental rare treasures are no problem. I'll find you a cultivation technique for strength, depending on the situation. Mistress Lee is so generous, Such Chun said excitedly, his goodwill towards Liqing increasing even more. Liing gently shook her head and said with a smile, "These are nothing." Then she asked curiously, "What do you think of my Shinua?" Such Chan was stunned upon hearing this, "Oh no, I saved your daughter and you want to repay kindness with immity. Damn it, Lysinua is an idiot, too." Chapter 161. The confused crowd when their fates are tested mistressly. I think Lie Shinua and Kong Lling are a good match, Such Chin said calmly. Liing was slightly taken aback. She had originally wanted to use this opportunity to win over Such Sean. But seeing that he had no interest in beautiful women, a hint of disappointment flashed in her eyes, but she did not say anything more. Then I'll ask the family to prepare what you need. Suchin joined the Lee family now. We need to lay the groundwork slowly and proceed gradually. Thank you, mistress. Liing waved her hand and gracefully departed with Lieinua. After they had walked away, Mushware stepped forward and asked, "Such Chun, how did you survive?" Last night, she led the people from the Superpowers Management Bureau deep into the woods and found only piles of white bones. Surely, it couldn't have been Suchin who did it. But upon closer inspection, it seemed impossible. Such Chun is at the first level of the fourth rank, while the old envoy is at the eighth level of the fourth rank. With such a huge difference in strength, how could Such Chin be a match for him? Why would I need to survive? Of course, I'll kill them all. Such Chin's face was beaming with a contented smile, and he was in an exceptionally good mood. Thinking about how he saved two idiots, and even gained a ninth tier combat skill, dark type rare materials, and essence blood as a result. This trip was truly a huge win. How could he not be happy that the plan to inscribe the dark patterns could finally be put on the agenda? Kill them all. Mushwinner's voice unconsciously rose a few decibels. What else? Suchin spread his hands. Just how much strength are you still hiding? A complex emotion welled up and Mushwear's heart. Her original ambition to catch up with Such Chun was now somewhat shaky. If what Suchin said is true, then what's the point of her working hard day and night to catch up? A little bit. The world destroying Black Lotus yet it's one of his most powerful weapons. All right, everyone. Let's go participate in the competition. Zung Tian and appeared at this moment. Yes. Many students upon seeing the principal gradually left and headed towards the godslayer arena to prepare for the competition. Such shun. Did that wolf awaken a talent? Zing Tian and narrowed his eyes slightly. A hint of curiosity on his face. What he saw yesterday, the form that the moon devouring wolf king had activated most likely indicated that it had awakened its talent. Nothing can be hidden from you, Principal Zong. You've really struck gold, kid. Awakened talents in demonic beasts are a h 100 times rarer than S-class superpowers. Just lucky. This all depends on your strength. Zong Tanon's smile faded, and his expression turns serious. Your dark elf should be kept out of sight. TheQin family's maternal lineage mainly cultivates dark magic, and your dark elf is a treasure to them. You must be careful as the darlings of the dark elements. Which dark element powerhouse wouldn't want to possess a dark elf? Once theQin family sets their sights on him, Su Chun will be in trouble. Thank you for the reminder, principal. I will be more careful. He hadn't really thought about that. However, if theqin family really dares to try and take his dark elf, and there is no one to protect him, then he wouldn't mind falling into darkness. Join the blood beast church and use darkness to shatter that false light. Okay, go participate in the competition. Zen Tian and patted him on the shoulder. Suchin gave an okay sign and turned to leave. Ancestor, doesn't our Kong family still have one more chance to enter theQin family's treasure vault? On the balcony, Kong Ling stood by the railing talking on the phone with Kong Wei on Linger. What's wrong? Do you want something? Yes, Ancestor. I want a ninth tier combat skill, the dark type. H a ninth tier combat skill, dark type. What do you need this for? Ninth tier combat skills are not easy to obtain. What exactly does Kong Lling want this thing for? To tell you the truth, ancestor Such Chun saved my life, and I owe him this. Kong Ling said truthfully without any concealment. He saved your life. How did that happen? Kong Wayans voice was full of confusion. Who would dare to touch the son of the Kong family? Why would Su Chin save Kong Ling? It's a rather complicated matter. Ancestor, just tell me if you can help me get it. Linger, isn't this price a bit too high? Kong Wean hesitated for a moment as ninth tier combat skills were extremely rare and priceless. Moreover, the opportunity to enter theQin family's treasure vault is rare, and it would be a real pity to use it up for a single combat skill. Ancestor, if you say that, I won't give you Su Chins essence blood. Kong Lling said somewhat angrily. I, Kong Lling, am not a person who goes back on his word. You got Such Chin essence blood? Kong Wayins voice was tinged with surprise. Well, ancestor, you wouldn't want me to be ridiculed as a person who breaks his word, would you? Kongwan remained silent for a moment before finally speaking. Linger, I promise you, I'll get you a ninth tier dark elemental combat skill. The main reason he agreed was because of Su Chin's essence blood. With Su Chin's essence blood, his destiny can be determined. Thank you, Ancestor. I will send someone to deliver this essence blood to you immediately, Kong Lling said with a hint of joy on his face. Okay. Kong Wean responded first, then asked, "What are the chances of winning against Such Chun?" Kong Lling fell silent, his mind filled with countless thoughts. His initial determination to win had gradually shifted to trying his best to win. After a long pause, he slowly said, "I will try my best to win." "Hey, you have to keep it up, kid." Kongwan said with a hint of worry and expectation in his voice. If Suchin wins, it would truly be an act of insubordination, a significant blow to the reputation of the Kong family. Yes, our ancestor is gone. Kong Ling hung up the phone, took a deep breath, and gazed into the distance, her heart filled with confusion. Suchin survived last night. Did he really rely on his strength? But no matter how strong he is, he can't possibly be that strong, right? After hesitating for a long time, he decided to ask Madame Liqing, who should know the reason. 5 days later, the competition continued smoothly and after five rounds of intense competition, only 60 people remained in the singles competition and Such Chun of course continued his winning streak. Meanwhile, in the Kun Mountains, clouds and mists swirled, creating a scene resembling a fairy land. Kongan took Su Chin's essence blood and went to the Zhuga family. Not only that, but people from the Lee family and other major families and clans also rushed over. They were all full of expectations for Su Chins destiny and wanted to find out more. Brotherhua Jong Shan, "Is the destiny stone ready?" Kongan asked from the hall. Zhua Zhong Shan dressed in a long robe walked out holding a crystal clearar life stone in his hand shaped like the BWA. Eight trigrams ready. Su Chins essence blood. Kong Wayan shook the small bottle in his hand. Here it is. Come on. Let's see what Su Chin's destiny is today. It should be five stars after all. That kid's potential is quite high. Isn't five stars a bit too high? His background is average. He should be four stars. Do you think it's possible that he has the destiny of a six-star emperor? How is that possible? How could someone destined for the throne be born in such a small place? Immediately, discussions arose with people from various factions speculating wildly. All right, everyone. Kong Wean interrupted. A quick test will tell. He opened the small bottle and dripped Su Chin's drop of blood essence onto the life stone. Chapter 1627 stars of black light unknown destiny. As Su Chin's essence blood dripped onto the life stone, the entire area fell into silence for a moment. The representatives of the various factions stared intently at the life stone. Their eyes filled with anticipation and tension. The life stone trembled slightly at first, then burst forth with a dazzling white light, condensing into a starlight. Before everyone could recover from the brief moment of surprise, the life stone flashed again, and two green lights appeared, brimming with vitality. Immediately afterwards, Samsung's blue light screen unfolded like a vast ocean, radiating light. H, this kid's advancement speed is not slow. He's already at the three-star level in less than a minute. Kong Wean couldn't help but exclaim in amazement, "The higher one's destiny, the faster one's advancement speed, and Such Chun s advancement speed is clearly far beyond that of ordinary people." Just as Kong Wean finished speaking, Such Chun s fate changed once again. With a sudden shift of light, the four-star purple destiny was revealed, and its momentum continued to surge towards an even higher level. "A five-star destiny!" someone in the crowd suddenly exclaimed. The moment that exclamation fell, Su Chin's destiny was successfully upgraded to a five-star general destiny. A general's destiny corresponds to the position of commanderin-chief of a war zone. This means that Such Chin's future is guaranteed to be at least that of a great general, and his prospects are limitless. However, this was not the end. It's still rising. Everyone looked closely and saw that the red light on the life stone was becoming increasingly intense, impacting the golden light curtain. Aim for the six stars. The destiny of an emperor. Could it be? Is he really the emperor? Impossible. Isn't Prince Chin the one destined to be emperor? Quiet. Zuga Jong Seans stern shout calmed the restless atmosphere. Just then, the red light on the life stone instantly turned into a dazzling golden light. Six stars. An imperial destiny. Another one destined to be an emperor. A gasp of amazement erupted from the crowd. Everyone's eyes were filled with surprise and shock. Not long ago, the heir of theQin family was found to have the destiny of a six-star emperor, becoming the focus of everyone's attention. But now, Su Chun s destiny is also that of an emperor. Two tigers cannot share one mountain. It seems that Su Chins road ahead will be full of hardships. Juga Zhong Shan side slightly can only be one person with the destiny of an emperor. If there are two, one of them will inevitably suffer calamity. Two tigers cannot share one mountain. I never imagined that Su Chin's destiny would also be that of the emperor. TheQin family will not let him go. No, the light of that destiny is still changing. Kongwan spoke instantly, drawing everyone's attention back to the destiny stone. The golden light on the life stone began to gradually turn black, as if shrouded in a mysterious black mist. Could it be that Such Chin possesses a unique seven-star destiny? It should be noted that the six-star emperor Destiny has only appeared three times in the past 300 years. Each appearance is accompanied by the rise of a powerful family, but no one has ever appeared with the seven black stars in their destiny. Snap! A crisp sound broke the tense atmosphere and a shocking crack appeared directly on the destiny stone. As the crack appeared, the golden light was instantly swallowed by the black light and Such Chun s Destiny was promoted to seven stars. Unknown. We can't test it anymore. Zuka Jong Xans expression changed drastically and he quickly put the life stone away. At this moment, he was filled with shock and confusion. His life stone had actually shattered. There is only one possibility. Su Chin's unknown destiny has exceeded the limit that the destiny stone can withstand. Just like when he tried to peek into Su Chan s future last time, he suffered a severe blow. Holy crap, a sevenstar fate chart. And it even shattered the fate stone. What's going on? That's right. The seven stars destiny corresponds to the unknown. Even the destiny stone can't know what Su Chin's future destiny will be. Doesn't that mean Su Chin's destiny is superior to that of theQin crown prince and the emperor? Everyone, please leave. The fate analysis has been completed. Zhuga Jong Shan issued an order to drive the guests away, and everyone left one after another, leaving only Kongan. What do you think? Kongan asked. Zuka Zhong Shan shook his head. All I know is that Su Chun is not an enemy. The black devouring the gold signifies that theQin family and Such Chun will be mortal enemies and theQin family will be completely defeated and devoured. These words struck Kong Wei on like a hammer blow, making him shudder. TheQin family's overall strength is unparalleled among all forces in Kun Mountain. Yet now, this seemingly ordinary orphan, Such Chun, might actually surpass theQin family. Is this statement believable? Zhua Jhong Shan didn't speak, but silently took out the life stone from earlier and said, "Look." The black light on the life stone had become extremely dense, like a deep dark knight, completely engulfing the entire life stone. This Kongweians mouth was slightly open, his eyes filled with shock that he could not calm down for a long time. Remember this, Such Chun is not an enemy. After Zhuga Zhong finished speaking, he turned and left. The life stone slowly crumbled into powder behind him. Kong Wean remained silent for a long time. It seems it's time to let Linger build a good relationship with that kid. Kyoto, the night is deep. Mistressly, why won't you tell me how Su Chun survived that night? Kong Lling asked with a puzzled look on his face. He had been asking this question for several days, but had not received an answer. Liing looked at Kong Ling, a hint of reluctance flashing in her eyes. I'm afraid you won'tt be able to accept it. Could it be that Su Chin killed all those people? You guessed right. Liing nodded gently. What's so special about that? They must have used some treasures, right? Surely Suin couldn't possibly defeat the other side all by himself. Aside from relying on the treasure, he couldn't think of any other reason to survive. Liing shook her head again. He annihilated the entire opposing team with overwhelming force. What? Kong Lling jumped to his feet. A crushing defeat. He clearly remembered that the old envoy was a fourth level eight-stage expert. Yet, Such Chun had defeated him with overwhelming force. "I know it's hard for you to accept, but it's the truth, which is why I didn't tell you the truth for fear of hurting your feelings." Kong Ling descended the mountain, this time with the heavy responsibility of defeating Such Shan. Knowing before the battle that the opponent is so powerful that he can only look up to them will undoubtedly have a huge impact on his mentality. A numb glint flashed in Kong Llings eyes, and he laughed self-deprecatingly. Does that mean I'm not even worthy to fight him? Don't say that. You're already very capable. Blame Su Chun for being too outrageous. Liing quickly comforted her. Kong Lling listened to Liings words of comfort and shook his head with a rice smile. It's all right, Aunt Lee. Martial arts are the highest virtue, and weakness is the original sin. Before learning the truth, he was only confused. But after learning the truth, his Dao heart seemed to be hit hard and shattered instantly. Hey, don't overthink it. Just do your best in the final. Liing continued to comfort her. Kong Lling forced a smile and nodded. I will if there's nothing else. Mistressly, I'll head back now. Wait, give this storage ring to Such Chan. He saved Xiinu, so we can't leave without a reward. Liing took out a storage ring and handed it over. Chapter 1639. shadow true dragon technique and 12 sacred talisments. Kong Lling took the item and said, "Well, I also need to give him that ninth tier combat skill." He held the storage ring, turned, and left with a somewhat blank expression. The room was filled with warm steam, and Such Chun had just finished a comfortable shower. He looked at the kill points on the panel. 600,000 kill points. This is really great. Over the course of 5 days, as soon as the competition ended, Such Chan went to the wilderness to hunt monsters. Now, with 600,000 kill points in hand, all the skills on the kill panel seem to be beckoning to him, waiting to be upgraded. I wonder when Kong Llings ninth tier combat skill will be delivered, holding back from using those 500 000 plus kill points. They were just waiting for the ninth tier combat skill they were about to acquire so they could upgrade it in one fell swoop. Just then, a sudden knocking sound broke the silence of the room. Suchin quickly stepped forward and opened the door. Kong Lling. Kong Ling Xang forced a smile. This is a ninth tier combat skill. And there's something antly asked me to bring you a thanks. Suchin reached out and took the storage ring. Glancing inside, he saw a pile of shadow stones and some rare dark elemental natural treasures. In addition, there is the essence blood of 10 ninth order dark elemental monsters and even the essence blood of a 10th order dark king level bloodline. In Kong Lling's other storage ring, there was a ninth tier combat skill. Nine shadow true dragon technique. Nine shadow true dragon technique. Transform shadow dragons into your body, obeying their commands. With each increase in proficiency, two shadow dragons can be condensed. Upon reaching the true essence, the nine dragons merge into one, unleashing nine times the damage. As Such Chan read the description of the combat technique, his breathing suddenly became rapid. The description of nine dragons united, nine times the damage in particular made a burning light flash in his eyes. Ninth tier combat skills are already incredibly powerful. If the nine dragons can be combined into one, the power would be unimaginable. This combat technique is called the nine shadow true dragon technique. It is an extremely difficult combat technique to cultivate. It requires an extreme understanding of the shadow and dark elements in order to condense a shadow dragon. Kong Lling slowly introduced the situation from the side, a hint of regret showing in his eyes. Won't see Su Chun unleash the power of this combat technique during the finals. Suchin simply nodded casually, giving a prefuncter response. difficult to cultivate. He sneered inwardly, knowing that a single click to allocate skill points would solve all these problems. Seeing Su Chin's nonchalant attitude, Kong Lling finally couldn't help but asked the question that had been bothering him. Did you really take care of all the members of the blood beast church, Suchin raised his eyes and saw Kong Llings puzzled expression. He immediately understood why Kong Lling looked so worried. I did solve it, but I almost didn't make it back. Suchin sighed slightly. Since he had taken someone else's ninth tier combat skill, he naturally had to offer them some comfort. Kong Lling gave a bitter smile, his last glimmer of hope completely shattered. I accept defeat wholeheartedly. We haven't even fought yet. The outcome is still uncertain. I'm really looking forward to our duel. Suchin patted Kong Ling on the shoulder encouragingly. Upon hearing Suchin's words, the previously dim light in Kong Lings eyes rekindled. Good. Since Such Chun has said so, how can he give up on himself? He was determined to fight Su Chun with all his might in a completely victorious manner. With a soft click, the door closed. Kong Lling straightened his back, confidence returning to him. Such Chan watched Kong Llings departing figure, smiled, shook his head, and turned back into his room system. How many killing points are needed to upgrade the nine shadow true dragon technique to the entry level? 50,000 kill points needed. So many. How many killing points would it take to reach the great perfection realm? Suchin frowned and continued to ask. 500,000 kill points. Entry level 50,000 plus 150,000 plus 300,000. Such Chan was silent for a moment, then decisively said, "System, add points to nine shadows true dragon technique to minor success and add points to thousands of troops to perfection. Spend 200,000 kill points to achieve minor success in the nine shadows true dragon technique. spend 300,000 kill points to achieve perfect success in the thousand armies technique. In an instant, insights into the nine shadows true dragon technique flooded into Su Chin's mind like a tidal wave, and his understanding of shadows and dark elements became increasingly profound. With his minor mastery of the nine shadow true dragon technique, Shiao Chong was already able to condense four dragon shadows that would circle and hover around him. Once the thousands of troops skill reaches its peak, it can summon 5,000 shadow soldiers and five shadow generals system. Raise your mental power to the first level of the concentration realm. Such Chun continued to issue the command. Spend 85,000 kill points and your mental strength has been raised to the first level of the concentration realm. As the system notification sound faded, Such Chan felt his mental energy soar like a bird breaking free from its shackles, leaping from the initial realm to the concentrated realm. His perception range expanded several times in an instant, and his spiritual power was able to begin to condense and manifest. This is the power of the concentration realm. Wow, he looks so energetic. He's practically a young man now. Such Chun felt the changes brought about by the improvement in his mental strength, and a satisfied smile appeared on his face. Others can only begin cultivating spiritual power at the fifth level. He had already reached the second realm of spiritual power at the fourth level. Ding! You are only 1 million kill points away from accumulating 5 million kill points. Accumulating 5 million kill points will grant you the 12 sacred symbols. Just then, the system notification sounded, which startled Suchin slightly. The 12 sacred symbols. The 12 sacred runes correspond to 12 demon gods. For example, the wolf's sacred rune when used by the moon devouring wolf king allows him to summon the shadow wolf legion. The knight's sacred rune when used by the headless knight allows him to summon the night legion. Suchen's eyes, the qualitative leap of the shadow legion seem to be right before his eyes. Once he obtains these 12 sacred talismans, his strength will be greatly enhanced. Without hesitation, Suchin quickly packed his things, got up, and headed towards the wilderness. Keep up the good work, all for the 12 sacred symbols. The following day, the individual competition entered its seventh day, and the round of 60 to 30 was about to begin. The entire competition venue was packed with people and incredibly lively. Alas, today is the seventh day of the singles competition, the round of 60 to 30. This is the most intense day so far. Let's wait and see what exciting matches will unfold today. Commentator Marcio's passionate voice resonated throughout the stadium, making each match a Clash of Titans. Sai, it's been so boring these past few days without any clashes between strong individuals. Yes, I really want to see Su Shin and Shinyong from Shanghai or Kong Lling from military have a showdown. Let's hope these three will create some exciting sparks today. Everyone longs to see a showdown between top experts. That would be a true visual feast. Compared to those uneventful back andforth duels, audiences are more eager to see thrilling matches between masters. Quiet down, everyone. The competition is officially starting. Let's see who our first opponent is today. Marcio's voice rang out again, and the entire stadium fell silent instantly. Above the sky, virtual light began to flicker, and Su Chin's name appeared before everyone's eyes first. Then, the opponent's name slowly came to a stop. Shinyong, the magic city. The moment the result was announced, the entire venue erupted in cheers. The showdown between the strongest is finally about to begin. Chapter 164 instantly kill Shinyong in one move. Finally, the favorites to win the championship will face off head-on. This match is going to be exciting. What's so interesting about this? Can a god and a human even be compared, brothers? How many moves will it take for God Sue to take him down? 30 moves at most. Shinyang is an SS level fire type superpower user. He can withstand at least 30 moves. What are you bragging about? 10 moves. You know, everyone who knows Susan's strength knows it. The duel between top experts was decided from the very beginning, leaving no room for suspense. Shanghai training ground. Shinyangs face was ashen. His knuckles clenched so tightly they turned white. In the round of 60 to 30, he had to run into Such Chun. This was the last name he wanted to hear. It was a name that evoked a despair that left him with no room to even struggle. Shinyang, don't take it to heart. Meeting Such Chun was really just bad luck. Yong Tao side. His original ambition to reach the top four was now so far that he couldn't even get close to the top 30. Shinyong suddenly stood up, a fierce glint in his eyes. Teacher, I will get this victory by any means necessary. Yong Tao frowned using any means necessary. You'll find out soon enough. Shinyang stroed towards the ring, each step heavy with his weight. Meanwhile, Su Chan strolled over leisurely, his expression as indifferent, as if he were going to a tea party. On the arena, the two stood at opposite ends, their auras clashing suddenly. Such Chan, I guess I'm just unlucky to have run into you. I can't help it, but I actually really want to have a good match with you. Shinyong suddenly grinned. A proper contest? Fine. Do you dare to be a man? face him head on and no summoning monsters. He was certain that Such Chun Esone strength was far inferior to that of the demonic beast. If this path is cut off, he may still have a chance of winning. Sure, whatever you want. Suchin nodded, his expression unchanged. Shinyong wants design, then let's play along. Referee: You can start now. Shinyong urged impatiently. The referee raised his hand to signal, "The match is officially starting." Before the words were even finished, a massive heat wave suddenly erupted from Shinyang. He unleashed his SS level superpower at full power, causing countless fire elements to converge and condense into a crimson planet above his head. Flames rolled, and the planet continued to expand wildly, scorching the air with a hissing sound. This was his trump card, the fiery starburst. Such Chun, can you withstand this attack? Shinyang roared, having exhausted most of his internal energy, seeking only a fatal blow. His flames have the property of ignoring defense. If a fire star of this size were to fall, even a defensive ability user of the same level would be shattered to pieces. The moment to turn the tide begins. However, Su Shan merely raised his eyes, neither forming hand seals nor dodging, and simply uttered a single word, "Come." Suchin's reaction caused an uproar throughout the audience. Has he gone mad? He didn't dodge or defend against a full force attack from an SS level superpower. Fall. Shinyang roared like thunder, raising his hand and slamming it down. The blazing star, obscuring the sky and carrying the power to incinerate everything, crashed down towards Such Chun. Boom! The deafening roar caused the alloy arena to shatter instantly, sending debris flying and billowing smoke into the sky, completely enveloping the entire arena. Shinyong was completely exhausted. He staggered and grabbed the edge of the ring, but a wildly joyful smile spread across his face. He did it. Such Chuan is definitely seriously injured. An eerie silence fell over the scene. Everyone stared at the plume of smoke. Some were puzzled, some were regretful, and some even wondered to themselves, could it be a fixed match? Just then, the thick smoke slowly dissipated. A figure stood with his hands behind his back, his clothes spotless. It was Su Chun. However, the clothes he had just worn had been replaced with new ones. He brushed his fingertips across the hem of the clothes and said casually, "The power is all right. It just got a little dirty on the edges." Such Chan was already at the third level of the fourth rank, and with the powerful physique of the third level of the nine netherworld undying body, he could withstand attacks from the sixth level of the fourth rank without any problem. In addition, with the help of the Tuantoan possession, unless it was a full force attack from the eighth level of the fourth rank or above, it could not hurt him in the slightest. Shinyang, however, is only at the third rank and 10th level. Shinyangs smile froze instantly, and his legs went weak, causing him to collapse heavily onto the ring. It's not that he doesn't defend, it's just that his physical strength is so great that he doesn't need to defend at all. His prized firepower was utterly laughable in the face of his opponent's absolute physique. Such Chan, I admit it. Admit defeat. Such Chin's voice came with a hint of amusement. Don't be in such a hurry. We agreed to have a match. At least take one of my moves before you lose. You think you can just hit me and run away? There's no such thing as a free lunch. Shinyong gritted his teeth and stood up, a hint of resentment flashing in his eyes. He remembered that Such Chan didn't have any powerful single target attack methods. It was just one move, so he might not be unable to withstand it. Good. As soon as he finished speaking, Such Chen's fingertips twitched slightly. Dark elements and shadow power surged in like a tide, perfectly merging in his palm and transforming into a jet black shadow dragon. The dragon scales shimmerred with a ghostly light, and its five claws were as sharp as blades, just like the legendary five-clawed golden dragon, except that the color was changed to dark and dark elements. In the blink of an eye, four shadow dragons took shape and coiled around Su Chin's body. Their dragon might was vast and powerful, and they even faintly exuded the pressure of a monarch. That's it. Shinyang frowned, his mind filled with doubts. Such Chan raised an eyebrow and flicked his wrist. That's it. Boom! The four shadow dragons roared in unison, their bodies swelling rapidly as they flew, growing larger and larger until they finally transformed into a colossal creature that blotted out the sky, even more majestic than a small mountain. The power of shadows swept across the heavens and earth, even swallowing up the light. "What? What is this?" Shinyang was completely panicked, not only because of the terrifying scale of shadow dragon, but also because of the realm that Su Chun had revealed. the third level of the fourth rank. How can he be so strong? Flame armor. Shinyang unleashed his S-class battle armor, covering his entire body with another layer of blazing flame armor, and turned to flee. But to his horror, he discovered that the four shadow dragons possessed the ability to lock onto and track him, following him like shadows, making it impossible to escape. No. The desperate screams were drowned out by the deafening roar. Four shadow dragons simultaneously crashed into Shinyong, instantly shattering the two layers of armor into fragments. The flames were extinguished and the remains of the armor flew everywhere. Shinyang was sent flying like a kite with a broken string, crashing heavily onto the edge of the ring. His body was covered in cuts and bruises, his clothes soaked in blood, and he could not get up again. One move is enough. Suchin clapped his hands and stepped off the stage. Shinyang lay on the ground. Blood trickling from the corner of his mouth. He swallowed back the curses that were on the tip of his tongue, leaving him only with a sense of powerlessness and shock. Such Chun winner. The referee stepped forward, his voice resounding throughout the stadium. I actually questioned whether Susan could be injured. I deserve to die. The name Su Shan is welld deserved. This is true god level strength. Does Kong Lling, that pseudo god who descended from the mountain in the finals, dare to challenge Su Xin Shin? Cheers erupted from the audience, but Kong Lling standing in the crowd looked completely dazed, his eyes practically bulging out of their sockets. Suchin's moved just now. Was it the nine shadow true dragon technique? Gave Suchin just last night. Wait, buddy. You've already reached the minor completion stage in just one night. Who the hell said the nine shadows true dragon technique is an extremely difficult skill to master? Kong Lling watched Su Chin's departing figure and sighed deeply. Alas, my Dao heart has shattered yet again. Chapter 165, the Buddha's heartless second demon, God Chillin. The competition then came to a close shortly afterward. The final list of the top 30 was revealed with students from the five majormies occupying 22 of the spots. The remaining eight seats were taken by students from the other 100 school league. In the audience seats, brother-in-law, are you free tonight? Suchin raised an eyebrow slightly. What? want to go out and fool around again? Jang Lure chuckled. It's not easy to have such an opportunity. Suchin thought for a moment and agreed. Okay, I'll call Han Shalley over tonight and we can go together then. Upon hearing this, Jang Lu immediately perked up. That's a good deal, brother-in-law. You'll get three and I'll get five. Such Chun rolled his eyes at him and left the God Slayer Arena, preparing to conquer the heavenly ladder of the 300 schools. He had already easily conquered the top 100 university rankings for sophomores. I happened to have some free time today, so I'll try to get 20 consecutive wins. Just as he was about to leave, Chu Xining walked over and asked, "Such Chun, are you going to hunt monsters again?" Suchin stopped in his tracks. "No, I'm going to conquer the top 100 university rankings for third-year students." Chu Xianing was slightly taken aback. You kid, you're not really going to be number one on all four lists, are you? Only two short months have passed and Such Chan is about to achieve the feat of being number one on all three lists. Could it be that he really intends to achieve the seemingly unattainable feat of being number one on all four lists? Suchin replied casually. It's a piece of cake. By the way, is teacher Chu free to meet up? Chuining looked puzzled. Seeing this, Suchin coughed twice. Ahem. What I mean is, let's set a time. I need teacher choose dark element to inscribe dark patterns into my body. The dark runes are crucial to his strength enhancement. Each rune brings a huge boost and it must be put on the agenda as soon as possible. Upon hearing this, Chu Xinings eyes widened in shock. You're already preparing to upgrade your nine netherworld undying body to the fourth level. Dark patterns are a prerequisite for advancing the nine netherworld undying body to the fourth level. She finally understood why Su Chan was able to withstand Shinyangs attack. The physical strength brought by the third level of the nine netherworld undying body was extremely terrifying. Just an unexpected breakthrough. Chu Jins lips twitched slightly. On the first day after the individual competition ends, I will use dark elements to invade your body and help you inscribe dark runes. Suchin quickly cuped his hands and thanks. Thank you, Director Chu. See you next time. Chu Xi gazed in the direction he had left and shook her head. Just where is your limit within Buddhism? In front of the Buddhist statue, Schwanji looking agrieved, cried and complained with tears streaming down her face. Master Schwankuan, you must stand up for me. Shien Kuwan slightly opened her eyes, her gaze calm as still water. Kneel before the Buddha and repent. Schwanji had doubts. She obediently did as she was told, kneeling down and praying devoutly. An hour later, Schwan spoke. What is it? Shwanji quickly raised her head. Master, there is a Such Chan in the capital who uses the nightmare weaving technique to erode my dreams, causing me so much suffering. Shien Kuan frowned slightly. Such Chin's nightmare weaving technique is stronger than yours. Yes, his nightmare weaving technique has actually reached the fourth level. Not only that, he has even begun to cultivate his mental power. Recalling the scene at that time, he was still a little confused. The nightmare weaving technique required strong mental strength to support it, but Such Chun was able to weave a demonic phantom. He must have cultivated mental strength. Shien Kuan frowned, clasped his hands together, and silently murmured, "Emitba, this child is not to be trifled with. He cultivates spiritual power at the fourth level, and his nightmare weaving technique has reached the fourth realm. Any one of these skills is astonishing. This child's future is limitless. Shwanji was extremely anxious, but master, I'm too scared to sleep now. Shien Kuans eyes revealed a hint of helplessness. Every cause has its effect. Then he added, in Buddhism, a new Buddha has been chosen. He needs to experience the harsh realities and coldness of the world. Shinji, you will be his guide. Schwanji s eyes darted around. The ficklessness of human relationships. Competition is also a factor, isn't it? That's right. Failure and success are both necessary parts of growth. After saying that, he turned his back and said, "No more." Schwanji's lips curled up slightly, secretly delighted. It seemed that his master still doted on him. Let him lead the Buddhist disciple to experience the harsh realities of human life, which will be a perfect opportunity for the Buddhist disciple to beat up Such Chan. Thank you, master. With that, he turned and left. Shien Kuan watched his departing figure silently chanting, "May Buddha have mercy." Knock knock knock. Schwanji raised her hand and knocked on the Buddha's door. With a creek, the door slowly opened. The Buddhist disciple Wuin dressed in a simple Buddhist robe with a handsome face respectfully greeted, "Uncle Master Schwanji." Schwanji nodded slightly, "Greetings, Buddha. Now I will take you to experience the coldness and wickedness of the human world." With a smile on her face, Wuing bowed slightly and said, "Then I'll have to trouble you, Marshall Antwanji." If that's the case, come on. I'll take you there to give those geniuses in Kyoto a real shock. The realm of Wuin is at the fifth level, first stage. With the full support of Buddhism, who would dare to look down on Buddhism? Wuin smiled and said softly, "Uncle, taking some things too seriously can affect your whole life." He could naturally see that Schwanji had ulterior motives, but he would only stick to himself and his true feelings. Schwanji felt somewhat embarrassed. The Buddhist teachings are correct. He had long been weary of Buddhism, and if it weren't for his status, making it easier to deceive people, he would have left Buddhism long ago. Wu Exion shook his head slightly and said softly, "Enter the mortal realm." Nightfalls and the city lights come on. Inside the night fragrance bar, the lighting was dim and the music was melodious. Inside the private room, Su Chun, Honoli, and Jang Luer sat in a row. Jang Lu shouted at the top of his lungs, "Boss." A moment later, Yi Hong, the owner of Night Fragrance, walked in, "Oh, what a rare guest. Isn't this young master Jang and God Su Jang Lur grinned?" "Knowing each other is easy." "Boss, you know what I mean?" Yi Hong understood immediately. "I understand. I understand. Just then, Hans Shalley suddenly spoke up, her voice a little shy. Um, do you have any hot food? I'm a little hungry. This sudden remark silenced the entire room instantly. Suchin realized what was happening and said, "Boss, do you have any hot food? Please bring some over." Yi looked troubled. Susan, we need to make hot food. Let me get some snacks and a pot of hot water to fill my stomach first. What? Jang Lure stood up. You're going to use boiling water to fill your stomach? Won't that burn you? After he finished speaking, the entire room fell silent. Such Chin's lips twitched and he quickly broke the silence. Boss, just take some snacks first. Yi Hong, now free, said, "Okay." Just as Yihong left, Su Chins demon god scroll suddenly reacted strongly, flashing with light and slowly unfolding. "Ding! A suitable demon beast is nearby to inherit the position of the second demon god." Such Chin was startled. He stared at the demon god chart and saw that the chart was unfolded and the second demon god pattern. The chillin pattern was lifelike. Suchin's pupils constricted sharply. Achillin. Could there be a chillin nearby? Chapter 166. The holy kierin. Peach. Suchan suddenly stood up and almost stumbled to the door of the private room. Turning the doororknob with a click. He used his detection function to quickly scan the figures moving around in the corridor, but found nothing unusual except for the noisy voices and the pungent smell of alcohol. Could it be that the demon god register is wrong? Such Chin's eyes vanished instantly, leaving only an overwhelming sense of loss. That's a chillin, the king of auspicious beasts. Its appearance brings peace to the world, and possessing it brings boundless good fortune, making it possible to defy fate. What could drive someone more crazy than taming a chillin? Becoming stronger is the only true principle. If you're strong enough, you can just snatch whatever you want. Brother-in-law, you look so rushed. Are you hurrying to pick up some treasure? Jang Lur's teasing voice came from behind. Such Chun slammed the door shut, turned around, and glared at him. You little brat. You want a beating, don't you? The arrival of the Chilean was like a bucket of cold water, extinguishing all his interest. The beauties who followed all seemed rather dull in the face of the disappointment of missing out on the auspicious beast. Jeangl chuckled and scratched his head, not daring to make any more jokes. Just then, the door to the private room was gently pushed open, and the bar owner, Yi Hong, led six women in gracefully. "Master Su, young Master Jang, take a look. These are all clean and lovely girls. Take your pick." Su Chin raised his eyes and glanced at the six women. All of them had beautiful faces and their eyes were full of spring, but he felt nothing in his heart and only found it noisy. Oh, what's there to be picky about? Can't you see there are three of us? Jang Lu waved his hand. Stay here and serve us. Yi Hong smiled so much her eyes narrowed into slits. No problem. Then she turned to the six women. Be smart and take good care of the three young masters, especially this Sush shun in the middle. You'll have to be careful. The six women responded in unison. Yes. They looked up at the three people on the sofa. They secretly breathed a sigh of relief. The men in front of them were either exceptionally handsome or had an arrogant demeanor. They were lucky to be entertaining them for the first time. But when her gaze fell on Such Chun, she couldn't help but feel a little disappointed. Why does this supposedly unfathomably powerful Sushin seems so listless and uninterested in them? Come, come, you two in the middle. Sit next to my brother-in-law. Jeanglu waved enthusiastically, breaking the brief silence. You guys have fun, Suchin stood up and walked straight towards the door. No matter how beautiful a woman is, she can't resist the allure of a chillin. He still wants to find traces of the auspicious beast. As Such Chin's figure disappeared through the doorway, a hint of sadness flashed across the eyes of the six women. With Such Chin's charm, top tier strength, and potential, they'd be willing to pay him anything. Jang Luer pursed her lips, turned to look at Hans Shalley beside her, whose face was slightly flushed, and smiled. "Brother Han, right? Then let's each have three. No favoritism." Han Shalley scratched his head, his cheeks turning even redder. "This? Is this really okay? Why not?" Jang Lure patted his shoulder, her tone hearty. "Brother Han is in for a treat tonight." Such Chan was instantly enveloped by the noise of the bar. The deafening music pounded on his eardrums, and the colorful lights on the stage flashed wildly, making him dizzy. But the demon gods record remained silent without the slightest reaction. Suchin side casually took a glass of whiskey from a passing waiter's tray and walked to the open air balcony at the back of the bar. The evening breeze, carrying a touch of coolness, blew by, slightly dispelling some of the restlessness. He took a sip of his drink and was about to expand his search area when he suddenly heard a whooshing sound overhead. Boom! With a loud bang, dust and smoke flew everywhere and a figure crashed heavily to the ground beside him, cracking the ground with several fine lines. "Oh, a hot-tempered little wench, huh?" Beside the window of the private room on the third floor, his tone was rough, arrogant, and full of malice. Just then, the demon god record suddenly became slightly hot and there was a faint movement. H could it be on the third floor? Such Chun was overjoyed. The moment the thought crossed his mind, he transformed into a shadow and silently darted towards the third floor. Pushing open the door to the private room, a scene of utter chaos unfolded. Tables and chairs were overturned. Broken bottles were scattered all over the floor, and several burly men in black lay sprawled on the ground, groaning and unable to move. In the center of the private room, a young girl sat with her legs crossed on an overturned table, holding a shiny roast chicken in her hand and taking big bites. On her head were two small, exquisite unicorn horns that shimmerred with a faint golden light, making her look both cute and wild. Such Chun immediately activated the detection function and a line of information clearly appeared. Name: Holy Kieran Peach. Bloodline Saint level. Realm level, fourth order, eighth level. Talent, auspiciousness. A naturally auspicious beast. Its surroundings are blessed with good fortune and frequent good things. It can establish a link with its bound user, greatly enhancing their luck. Eg. Finding treasure after falling off a cliff, escaping from a desperate situation. Note born from an ancient calamity beast, the black Chilean and a human woman. This being possesses the auspicious power of the chin and is inherently pure and kind. Suchin's eyes instantly blazed with intense light and his breathing became rapid. A saint level demonic beast and it can even enhance the luck of its bound user. Luck. That's something countless people dream of. In novels, which of the chosen wants who doesn't always turn misfortune into good fortune and have endless opportunities with a system and this incredible luck? Wouldn't he be invincible? Glancing up at him with a muffled look as she munched on a plump roasted chicken leg. No, Such Chin suppressed his excitement. I came here specifically to save you because I was afraid you would be bullied. Oh, you wretched humans. So many sweet words. Take this. Peach clearly didn't believe it. She threw the roast chicken, which had been gnawed down to the bone, aside with a thud, and suddenly leaped up, her pink little fist whistling through the air as it slammed into Such Chan's face. Suchin was startled and quickly raised his hand to block. Boom! With a muffled thud, Such Chan felt a tremendous force. His arm went numb, and he was sent flying backward as if hit by a speeding truck, crashing heavily against the wall. He clutched his chest, blood trickling from the corner of his mouth. Holy crap, that scooter was incredibly powerful. Ding. The higher the level of a demonic beast's bloodline, the stronger its overall strength. A saint level bloodline is comparable to an SSS level superpower. Can't we forcibly subdue it? Suchin was speechless. This little Chilean was so strong, yet it was completely unresponsive. What was he going to do? No. The monster must voluntarily enter the demon god register in order to be subdued. Suchin frowned. Voluntary? Judging from this little girl's temper, it's probably not going to happen. It seems the only option is to lie. Anyway, the system didn't say that consent obtained through deception doesn't count. Human, you're so weak. Peach dusted off her hands and picked up the roast chicken on the table again to start eating. Such Chin's lips twitched, and he was about to speak when suddenly several powerful auras came from outside the door, and the door was kicked open with a bang. Who dares to harm my young master Chin? Several people rushed in and the one leading them was Chin Xiaoming, whose face was bruised and swollen. He hid behind three imposing old men, clearly six tier experts invited by the Chin family. Chin Xiaoming pointed at Tai. You little brat, you dare hit me now. Let's see where you run to. You'll be crying now. Peach slowly finished the last bite of roast chicken, her eyes suddenly turning cold and a faint pressure emanating from her body. You call for backup when you can't beat them? If you dare lay a finger on me today, I'll raise the entire capital to the ground. She sneaked off the mountain this time just to have some fun. Mainly because the food made by humans smelled so good. On Mount Kunloon, there was nothing good to eat except for peaches growing all over the mountains. Over time, she named herself Peach. Are you bragging? Who do you think you are? Chin Xiaoming didn't believe him at all. Just then, an emergency notification sounded in Su Chen's mind. Warning, host, please intervene immediately. Peach's father is the ancient calamity beast Black Chin whose power is enough to flatten Kyoto. If Peach is insulted, Black Chin will descend and the consequences will be unimaginable. Such Chan was suddenly stunned, his pupils shrinking sharply. The adorable spoiled holy unicorn in front of us is actually the daughter of an ancient calamity beast. Isn't it said that calamity beasts represent plague, virus, natural disaster, and slaughter? How could a daughter, a symbol of good fortune, be born? Chapter 167. Subduing the legendary emperor level monster. You don't believe me? I can't be bothered to argue with you. Peach's proud little face was full of impatience, and her nails were about to cut her skin with a slight pressure. The black chalin bloodline flowing through her veins only requires a single drop of its essence to bring her father who is far away in Kun down to earth. Wait. At the critical moment, Such Chen suddenly called out to stop him. Peach paused, her round eyes filled with confusion. Shin Xiaoming frowned, his tone arrogant. Where did you come from, you country bumpkin? How dare you ruin my plans? Such Chun sneered, and a flash of light appeared in his palm, revealing the dragon token. You don't even recognize me in Kyoto? Young Master Chien, the sixth level expert beside him exclaimed, his expression changing drastically. He is Su Chun. Such Chun Xian Xiaomings eyes darted around and he instantly recognized the person in front of him. His arrogance vanished instantly, replaced by an extremely fawning smile. Huh? It's Godu. I was blind and didn't recognize you. Get out of here with your men within three breaths. Xian Xiaomings smile froze, his eyes glancing at Ta with some reluctance. This little girl was someone he had finally managed to coax into coming here. She was pretty and energetic, but he hadn't expected her to be such a good fighter. It would be a real pity to let her go like this. But Susan, that girl really beat my man up a lot just now. Two breaths. Susan, isn't that a bit unreasonable? Shien Xiaoming wanted to argue. One breath. Hey, no, no, no. Shin Xiaoming trembled in fright. Susan, you're in charge. My dad's having sex uplets right now. I'm leaving. I'm leaving right now. Before he finished speaking, he had already dragged two sixth level experts and scrambled towards the door, opening and closing it in one smooth motion. Remained in the private room, and the air became quiet for a moment. Humph. Cunning human. Peach's little face was full of disdainful mockery. You wouldn't have put on a show with that guy just now, deliberately playing the hero in front of me, hoping I'd throw myself into your arms, would you? Such Chan s lips twitched, somewhat speechless. This little Chin was far too wary. How could it mind be filled with more schemes than a civ? No, it's just that I can't stand his arrogant and doineering attitude. Count out to me three times. I'll barely believe you're not just acting. Such Chan was amused by her arrogance again. She was indeed a spoiled young lady with a temper, and she was really pushing her luck. His gaze swept over the roast chicken beside him, which had been noded clean, and his tone was deliberately tempting. I'll skip cowtowing, but I know a place where there's an unparalleled delicacy you've never tasted before, a 100 times better than the roast chicken you just had. He was certain that this little Peach was probably a foodie, and the most effective way to deal with a foodie was to win over her stomach. Sure enough, Peach's eyes lit up instantly upon hearing the words delicious. Really? Where is it? Tell me quickly. Seeing that this move worked, Such Chun was overjoyed and immediately activated the demon god manual. An ancient scroll floated in midair. The pattern of the second demon god's position constantly flashing with golden light. Here it is. Peach leaned closer to the painting and examined it carefully. Isn't this just a tattered canvas? How could there be food inside? Don't try to fool me. It definitely is. You'll see when you go in. Never mind. As long as I can get this Peach, it's all worth it. If he wasn't mistaken, Peach's father should be the legendary king of Calamity Beasts from Kunloon Mountain, the Black Chillin. By subduing Peach, you'll have the Black Chin, the king of Calamity Beasts, as your future backer. Who would dare frame him? Since the light is unreliable, then let's embrace the darkness and cling to it. Oof. You better not lie to me. Otherwise, I'll have my father tear you to pieces and throw you to feed the monsters on Coun. Having said that, she didn't hesitate any longer. She leaped into the air, transforming into a streak of light, and plunged straight into the demon gods register. Almost simultaneously, a crisp system notification sounded in Su Chen's mind. Ding! Successfully subdued the second demon god, Holy Chin Peach. Name: Holy Kieran Peach. Bloodline: Saint level. Realm level, fourth order, eighth level. Talent: Auspicious omen. Attributes: Dark Light. Note: A seasoned food enthusiast willing to temporarily set aside pride for the sake of food. Chosen by the second demon god in the demon god register, gaining exclusive demon god power. The bound individual's luck is increased by an additional 300%. The occurrence rate of auspicious events in the area increases by 300% and the probability of rare and precious materials being born increases by 300%. Note, currently the affinity with the second demon god is 50%. When the affinity reaches 75%, the peach bloodline will advance to the emperor level and all its enhancements will increase simultaneously. Such Chin stared at the blue light screen floating in front of him, his heart pounding wildly, his excitement unable to subside for a long time. Another demon god has been acquired, and he even possesses saint level bloodline. Three 300% increases. That's an incredible benefit. More importantly, the existence of emperor level bloodlines above saint level makes him full of expectations for higher level demon god power. The level above emperor be the legendary god level. After all, this is the demon god register. However, what excites him most right now is having the hidden backer, the black chillin, the king of calamities. Peach's life is in his hands. No matter how powerful Black Chillin is, he still has to consider his daughter's safety. Although the methods used to subdue her were somewhat dishonorable, Such Chin didn't care. He would just find more delicious food for Ta later to make it up to her. With a thought, Such Chin's figure transformed into a stream of light and entered the world of the demon gods register. As soon as he entered, the scene before him caught his eye. This is not a cold space at all. Rather, it's like a paradise with its green hills and clear waters, bird song, and fragrant flowers. It's truly a paradise on Earth. The Moon Shadow sacred tree stands in the center of this world. Its branches laden with crystal clearar moon fruits like strings of tiny moons. Under the tree, the moon devouring wolf king was curled up, fast asleep. The headless knight, holding a long spear, stood quietly to the side like a loyal guardian deity. Hey, you're lying. A reproachful, childish voice rang out as Peach glared accusingly at Such Chun. There's nothing delicious here that you described. You're a big liar. Such Chin's face stiffened and he scratched his head awkwardly. He had been so focused on how to subdue her that he hadn't considered the food problem in the demon gods register. Now he had no choice but to try anything. His gaze fell on the moon fruit on the moon shadow sacred tree. Look those fruits on the tree. They're moon fruits. Much tastier than the roast chicken you eat. Go pick a few and try them. Peach looked up at the moon fruits on the tree with some doubt. Then leaped up, picked a few, and eagerly took a big bite. Snap. After the crisp sound, Peach's eyes widened instantly. Wow, it's so delicious. A million times better than roast chicken. You're not kidding me. Seeing her eating with such a satisfied expression, Such Chun breathed a sigh of relief. Eat more if it's delicious. I wasn't lying to you, was I? From now on, follow me and I'll take you to eat all the delicacies in the world. Steamed lamb, steamed bear's paw, steamed deer tail, roast duck, roast chicken, roast goose, braced salted duck, soy sauce chicken, cured meat, preserved eggs, and small sausages. He recited a series of delicious dishes as if listing menu items. Peach unconsciously drooled from the corner of her mouth, her face full of longing. Before Such Chun could finish speaking, she immediately nodded. "All right, then I'll reluctantly let you serve me. From now on, you must find me delicious food everyday." Seeing her foodie nature exposed, Such Chun felt a surge of accomplishment. When it comes to dealing with foodies, you really have to use delicious food to win them over. That's great. We've successfully acquired our first Saint Level bloodline demon beast. Plus, we have three incredible boosts. And with the black chilin as our backer, it's like killing three birds with one stone. However, a thought suddenly popped into Su Chin's mind, leaving him somewhat confused. The ranking of demon gods is based on strength. Peach has a saint level bloodline, but she can only be ranked second. So, what kind of demon beast holds the title of the first demon god? Chapter 168. A murderous aura soarses to the sky. A disaster that wipes out the entire family. Hey, what's your name? Peach asked curiously. Such Chun. Such Chun. Peach drawled out the last syllable. Then I'll call you little Chun from now on. Whatever. Oomph. When are you going to take me out for something delicious? Peach's tone was full of impatience and longing for food. How about tomorrow? Suchin raised his eyes. I'll personally hunt down a few demonic beasts and find the best chefs to cook them. I guarantee they'll suit your taste. The finest ingredients often require only the simplest cooking methods to bring out the most amazing flavors. Okay, okay, it's a deal. Peach cheered and leaped onto the back of the moon devouring Wolf King. The wolf king intended to raise its head and wag its tail, revealing some of its ferocious, beastly majesty, but its head, which had just been raised, suddenly froze. The saint level bloodline pressure emanating from Peach was like an invisible mountain, instantly enveloping it. The next second, the wolf king was like a docel lap dog, wagging its tail incessantly. Good dog, let me sleep for a while. Peach patted the wolf king s head. The moon devouring wolf king was helpless and dared not even entertain the slightest thought of resistance. Suchin watched this scene, raised an eyebrow, and chuckled. Wolf King, if you don't listen, I wouldn't mind letting Peach taste the flesh of a king- level bloodline demon beast. The moon devouring wolf king is still unconvinced. But how can he not submit? He has to submit even if it means being scared. Upon hearing this, the wolf king trembled with fear and quickly stuck out his tongue to show goodwill. What a bully who picks on the weak and fears the strong. Suchin muttered as he exited the small world of the demon gods register. As soon as they stepped outside, they saw Yihong and the other managers of the bar gathered in the same spot, their expressions showing a hint of surprise and doubt. Susan, what are you doing here? We heard a noise over here and came to check. Yi Hongs eyes held a hint of curiosity. Susan, what you just? It's nothing. Everyone can leave. Seeing this, Yi Hong quickly said to the crowd behind her. Everyone disperse. Although the powerful figures who had followed had their doubts, they dared not ask any more questions and bowed as they withdrew. Why aren't you leaving? Such Chun asked Yi Hong, who was still standing in the same spot. Yi Hong smiled mysteriously. God Su, could it be that you were not satisfied with the women I arranged before? Not interested, Su Chin prepared to leave. Yi Hong quickly reached out to grab him, saying urgently, "Don't rush off. I have another trump card here. Do you want to try it? I won't try." Suchin's figure had already transformed into a dark shadow and disappeared from the spot in an instant. Looking at the empty corridor, Yihong shook her head helplessly, turned around, went up to the fourth floor, and pushed open the door of an elegant room. Suchin didn't agree. Inside the room, a woman was meticulously applying makeup in front of a bronze mirror. Upon hearing this, her hand holding the eyebrow pencil paused slightly, and after a long while, she softly said, "Um, it's okay." Looking at her floren profile, Yihong couldn't help but sigh. Sigh. Deep within the Kun Loon Mountains, shrouded in mist and ethereal beauty, sits an ancient palace, the residents of the Lynn family. Wean, why did you suddenly change your mind? Lin Guangming, the patriarch of the Lynn family, sat in the main seat, looking at Kong Wean opposite him with a puzzled expression. Kong Wayan made up an excuse to downplay the seriousness of the matter. Well, I had the Zuga family do a divination for me, and they said that I should not frame anyone in the next few years, otherwise I will be plagued by disaster. This was just an excuse. His real concern was that he didn't want to offend Such Chun. Frame Hua Xan Xang is tantamount to directly making an enemy of Such Chan. After all, Hua X has always taken good care of Such Chan. Given Such Chin's vengeful and ungrateful nature. If Hua Xan Xong succeeds, the Kong family will likely face annihilation once Su Chin grows up. Wean, you're lying through your teeth again. Lin Guangming said with a hint of displeasure. Do you think I'm giving you too little? It has nothing to do with how much benefit you get. Kong Wean said seriously. It's really not good to harm people. And brother Guang Ming, I advise you not to continue lest you get burned. Wean, what's wrong with you today? Lin Guaming frowned. It's just the position of deputy commander of the central theater command, right? Huh? Jean Xiang is straightforward and inflexible, and he has no one to protect him. Huh? Jean Xongs upright character made him an anomaly in this complex web of power struggles, and few forces were willing to genuinely invest in him. Sometimes being too righteous is not a good thing. Someone is protecting him." Kong Wayan paused for a moment, then slowly uttered two words. Who on Mount Coun? How many forces can rival the Lynn family? Such Chun. Such Chun. Lin Guang Ming burst into laughter as if he had heard the funniest joke in the world. Har. He's just a fledgling boy who hasn't even grown his feathers yet. What's so scary about him? I mean, he will definitely take revenge on your Lynn family when he grows up. He wouldn't dare. If he really has that idea, I'll make sure he has no future. Kongwan shook his head helplessly. Anyway, I'm quitting. Even the Zuga family's life stone couldn't withstand Su Chin's fate, saying he was destined to die young. This is simply impossible. He had a vague premonition that Su Chun would definitely reach the pinnacle of the Dragon Kingdom in the future and become an unparalleled existence. Being timid and hesitant will never lead to anything great. Lin Guaming scoffed. It's just a broken fate stone, isn't it? I, Ling Guanging, have never believed in fate. could be killed by the Lynn family if they wanted to. How can he possibly turn danger into safety at every turn? Unless Su Chun is the chosen one of destiny or has some terrifyingly powerful backer, but as far as he knows, Su Chun is just a helpless orphan with nothing. Brother Guaming, are you really determined to take action against Hua and kill Xiang? Kong Wayan wanted to persuade him again. Of course. My third son has been waiting for this position as deputy commander of the central theater command for far too long. All right, since you've made up your mind, then I won't participate anymore. Farewell. Seeing that his persuasion was ineffective, Kong Wean got up to leave. Lin Guang Ming gave a soft snort, a ruthless glint flashing in his eyes as he watched the departing figure. They won't let me touch. I'll do it anyway. I don't care what happens next. He had originally wanted to use the Kong family's influence to make things more discreet and thorough. But since Kong Wayan had withdrawn, he had no choice but to take a hard line. Under extreme torture, everything false can become true. At that time, even if Hua Xan Xiang had a hundred mouths, he would find it difficult to prove his innocence. "You didn't succeed in persuading me, did you?" Zhua Xhong Xan asked calmly, as if he had already anticipated the outcome. Yes, I tried to persuade him for a long time with all my heart, but he was still determined to kill Hua Xan Xiang and wouldn't listen to any advice. Zhua Zhong Shan chuckled lightly. Lin Guang Ming is ultimately just a warrior, brave, but reckless and short-sighted. Brotherhang Shan, why don't you do a divination for the Lynn family? Kong Wean hesitated for a moment before asking. He remained uneasy and hesitated, wondering whether he should believe what the fate stone indicated. can. He slowly closed his eyes and a mysterious BWA formation suddenly appeared around him. Wean, bring me the Lynn family's essence blood that you've stored up. Kong Wean took out a jade bottle from his bosom and carefully poured out a drop of bright red blood essence which fell into the center of the BWA formation. As the essence blood dripped down, the entire BWA formation instantly began to rotate rapidly and the golden light became even more dazzling. A moment later, the drop of blood essence suddenly burst open. An endless baleful energy and scarlet color spread out, instantly filling the entire formation and even showing signs of leaking out, which made people shudder. A murderous aura soaring to the heavens. Kong Wayan was so frightened by the terrifying scene before him that he gasped in shock. Chapter 169. If the rules are used to protect evildoers, then it's better not to follow them. After the divination was finished, Zhuga Jong Xans brows were furrowed into a tight knot. Jehong Xan, is there anything wrong with the divination? This divination, the murderous aura is soaring to the sky, and the air is filled with blood red light, indicating that the Lynn family will soon face annihilation. What? A massacre that wipes out an entire family. What's even more bizarre is that the source of this massacre points directly to Su Chan. The words fell to the floor and the air froze. Such Chun, how is that possible? The idea exploded in both of their minds at the same time like an utterly absurd joke. Such Chun is only at the fourth level. How could he possibly possess the strength to destroy the Lynn family in the near future? Seeking external help? That's pure fantasy. The Lynn family is powerful. Who would dare risk making enemies of the Lynn family of Kun Mountain to help Su Chun carry out this massacre? Zong Xan, could it be that you've miscalculated? For the first time, Zhuga Zhong Xan doubted his own divination. Then, how about we divine again? This is the only way. The tedious ritual was repeated once again. And a few minutes later, the divination result was still ominous. The two looked at each other, both seeing deep shock and bewilderment in each other's eyes, and fell into complete silence. How exactly will Su Chin overthrow the Lynn family, this formidable force? Alas, this kid is truly bizarre to the extreme. Zhua Zhong Shan sighed heavily. Kongweians lips curled into a complex smile. There's no point in saying more. For now, we can only wait and see. They wanted to see just how much trouble Such Chun could stir up and how he with his fourth tier body could rewrite this destined bloody ending. 4 days later, the Gods Slayer Arena was bustling with noise and banners fluttering in the wind. After three days of fierce competition, the final match finally began. The two finalists were without a doubt Such Chun and Kong Lling. The arena was already packed to capacity with a sea of people like a title wave, their cheers and shouts deafening, almost lifting the dome off the field. Everyone eagerly awaited the birth of this ultimate showdown. In stark contrast to the enthusiastic celebrations in the audience on the side of the preparation area, Zangtanons face was so gloomy it could drip water after listening to his subordinates report. Principal Zong, you already know what happened last night, right? Zing Tian and clenched his fist tightly. I just received news that the Lynn family of Kun Mountain is truly audacious and has gone too far. Do you think Suchin knows about this? Chu Xi Ning asked with a hint of worry. If he finds out, given his personality, he might recklessly storm Kung Loon Mountain. Zingtn was silent for a moment, then said, "I don't know, but the truth will eventually come out. This matter can't be kept secret for long. Last night, inside the den of demons, the Lynn family forcibly took Hua Xan away on charges of colluding with alien races. This matter was kept extremely secret and the Lynn family deliberately blocked the news in order to avoid arousing public anger and triggering large-scale protests by the military and civilians. Even so, the news still caused a stir within the central theater command, but it was only suppressed by the Lynn family using force that it was prevented from escalating further. This Kun Mountain is truly becoming more and more lawless. Chu Xining said solemnly, "Tell Su Chun that the military leader Long Yin will be here to watch the final today. He is the only one who can break the deadlock now. The key to saving Hua Xan lies in exposing the matter completely and finding a force strong enough to rival the Lynn family. L Yin undoubtedly possesses such strength and can at least save Hua Xans life. If Such Chun can defeat Kong Lling today and make a name for himself, it will be the best time to ask Lyan for help. Okay, tell him. Chu Xining responded, her gaze shifting to the preparation seats at the Kyoto Ability Academy, a complex expression in her eyes. On the preparation table, Jangl eagerly approached Su Chun and whispered, "Brother, do you know what happened last night?" Something incredibly serious. Su Chun, who was resting with his eyes closed, slowly opened them upon hearing this. His expression calm. "What is it?" These past few days, he has either been hunting monsters to solidify his cultivation or focusing on the competition. Occasionally spending time with Tai, eating and drinking, which has made his life quite fulfilling. Brother-in-law, let me tell you, Uncle Hua Jean Xiang Hi Jang Lure could finish speaking. His arm was suddenly pinched hard by Mushwer beside him, making him almost cry out in pain. Ouch! Sis, what are you doing? Mushweer glared at him fiercely. Sit down. Although Jungl was full of confusion, seeing Moo Schwar's serious expression, he had no choice but to shut up and obediently sit back down. Suchin witnessed this scene and a bad premonition rose in his heart. What happened to Hua Xang? What are you hiding? And nothing. Jang Lure forced a smile. Haha. Vice Commander Hua is doing very well. I was just saying. Just as Su Chan was about to press further, a figure slowly approached. It was Chu Xi Ning. Such Chun, don't ask them. Come with me, I'll tell you. Su Chins heart skipped a beat and the uneasy premonition grew stronger. Director Chu, what exactly happened to Uncle Hua? Come with me and you'll find out. Chu Xining didn't say much and led Su Chun to a secluded corner behind the preparation area. Stopping in her tracks, Chu Xining turned around. Hua Xan was taken away by the Lynn family of Kunloon Mountain last night. The charge they brought against vice commander Hua was colluding with foreign tribes and they want to take him back to Kunoon Mountain to face the so-called trial. What? Such Chun trembled violently, his calm expression instantly replaced by shock and anger. Colluding with alien races. How is that possible? Uncle Hua has fought countless battles throughout his life, killing countless alien races. If he were to collude with the enemy, would there be any justice left in this world? This is utterly absurd, utterly laughable. Seeing his agitated state, Chu Xining quickly comforted him. Calm down first. Deputy Commander Hua would never collude with the enemy. This is just an excuse that the Lind family deliberately fabricated to arrest him. Colluding with foreign tribes is the easiest way to silence public opinion, but also the easiest way to get someone killed. Such Chan clenched his fists, veins bulging on the back of his hands. Why would they frame Uncle Hua like this? It's obvious that this is a meticulously planned conspiracy, a deadly trap aimed at Huhan Xiang for the position of deputy commander of the central theater command. Shu Xinings tone was filled with indignation. The Lynn family has always wanted this position. They first tried to recruit deputy commander Hua, but he refused. Then they tried to bribe him, but still failed. Finally, they came up with this despicable means to frame Deputy Commander Hua so that someone from their Lynn family could take his place. Just because they refused to go along with the corrupt practices, they were framed and put to death. The Lynn family is truly filthy and disgusting. Such Chun took a deep breath, his chest heaving violently. What a fine Lynn family. Truly excellent indeed. The so-called fairness and justice in this world are nothing but lies that the weak deceive themselves with and tools that the strong can manipulate at will. Fairness? That's utterly ridiculous. The Lynn family is utterly disgusting. Such Chun, calm down. You are the only one who can save Hua Jehong now. L Yen, the leader of the Dragon Army, will be here to watch the final match today. He has the ability to stand up to the Lynn family and can at least save Vice Commander Hua's life. Time is running out for Deputy Commander Hua, and the charge is currently only a verbal accusation. But if the Lynn family forces a confession under torture and confirms the crime, it will be too late. Then Suchin slowly closed his eyes and when he opened them again, the violent killing intent in his eyes had subsided. He said, "Word by word, I understand. Huh Xang, he must be saved. Last time in the demon cave, if it weren't for Hua Xangs help, he would have been crushed long ago. If Hua Xang hadn't given him the dragon token, he wouldn't have been able to live in peace until now. A drop of kindness deserves a spring of gratitude in return. How much more so when it's a life-saving act? He's a human being. He knows how to repay kindness. Moreover, he already had a way to deal with the hypocritical and ugly Lynn family. If rules are used to protect bad guys, then it's better not to follow them. What kind of is this brightness and justice? Let's tear this hypocritical brightness and justice apart. Chapter 170. Champion Such Chun. Absolute crushing victory. Such Chun, don't let anger cloud your judgment. Let's go to the arena first. Of course not. Such Chins expression was icy. The calmer he was, the heavier the unease in Chu Xiningings heart felt like a huge boulder had fallen on her. If you feel pin up, you can vent it out or you can talk to me. No need. I'll vent my anger properly when I wipe out the Lynn family. Every grievance has its perpetrator and every debt has its debtor. To vent one's anger, one must naturally seek the root cause. He had already sentenced the Lynn family to death in his heart since they were so despicable and vile. Then the only option was to fight violence with violence and pay for their blood debts and blood. Destroy the Lynn family. Chu Xiining was filled with confusion and fear. Suchin did not answer her question and turned to leave. In his view, wiping out the entire Lynn family was the most thorough way to settle scores with them and their only liberation. Chu Xi gazed at his resolute back as a long side dissipated into the air. Slaying arena at top the central high platform. Marshall Long, please save General Jean Xiang. Zui pleaded, bowing slightly. L Yans eyes blazed with fury. This coun is becoming more and more inscrupulous. The Lynn family's framing of Hua Xang last night. Hua Xan Xang is a pillar of the country and its people. Yet the Lynn family dares to frame him so blatantly, showing utter disregard for the rules. We implore the marshall to intervene. Zui, there's no need for that. I'll protect Hua Chio, L Yen said in a deep voice. If even such a loyal and capable minister cannot be protected, then it would truly chill the hearts of the people and shake the very foundation of the nation. Marshall, the entire central theater command is ready to obey your orders and will go through fire and water without hesitation. Long Yan waved his hand. This matter has nothing to do with the number of soldiers. After the competition, I will meet that kid and then personally go to Kung Loon Mountain. Lin Zatus position was merely that of deputy commander of the central theater command. The most likely outcome is that the Lynn family will apologize, release the man, and strip him of his position while Hua Jean Xon will be released. Thank you, Marshall Long. L Yin shook his head. It's all right. Let's watch the match first. Today, the Godser Arena is far more lively than ever before. Not only did Long Yin personally attend, but the leaders of various forces also gathered together. The stands were bustling with noise. Yet, there was also a strange somnity. After all, today was the final of the 100 schools league individual competition, and it was also the ultimate showdown between secular disciples and the divine sons from Kunloon Mountain. Everyone held their breath in anticipation. Would the god of Kunoon Mountain continue the myth? Or would a secular disciple defy the odds and slay the god, breaking free from the shackles? Time flies, and it was already 10:00 a.m. when the singles final finally arrived. Welcome everyone to the God Slayer Arena. Host Marcio's voice echoed throughout the arena. Today, we will witness a clash of titans. Such Chun versus Kong Lang. Will the god descending from Kunloon Mountain prevail? Or will our god Sue emerge from nowhere and defy the heavens to slay the gods? Who will claim the singles championship? Let's wait and see. Let's give a warm round of applause to welcome Su Chun and Kong Lling to the stage. As soon as he finished speaking, the entire stadium erupted in cheers and shouts that were deafening, almost lifting the dome of the arena. This is no longer just a battle for a championship. It's a direct clash between worldly forces and the Kunloon Mountains. Godsu. Godsu. Godsu, go Susan. Forget about this god who came down from the mountain. Crush him. The secular world is no weaker than Kun Lun. Susan will surely prevail. Go Kong Lling. Let these mortals see that the majesty of God is inviable. The child of light is invincible. Mount Kung endures forever. Kong Lling will surely win. He will crush these mortal ants. On the arena, Such Chun and Kong Ling stood facing each other about 10 ft apart. Such Chun, you once saved my life, and I will remember that kindness. But on the field today, I, Kong Lling, will show no mercy. Such Chin's lips curled into a cold smile. Trash is trash after all. What right do you have to talk about showing mercy? These words made Kong Llings pupils shrink, and a hint of astonishment flashed in his eyes. Today, Such Chin seemed colder and more bloodthirsty than ever before. Just then, the referee slowly walked onto the ring, his gaze sweeping over the two men, "Are you two ready?" "Ready!" Two voices rang out simultaneously. The referee slowly stepped back, raised his right hand, and announced loudly. "The final of the 100 schools league individual competition, Such Chun versus Kong Lling, is now starting. Buzz." Before he finished speaking, Kong Lling was suddenly bursting with dazzling golden light, like a small sun rising, so bright that people couldn't open their eyes. Blood sacrifice technique. With a low shout, his aura suddenly surged, rising layer by layer, directly crossing three realms and settling steadily at the fourth level of the fourth rank, on par with Such Chun. Not only that, countless golden lights condensed and transformed around him, turning into countless incomparably sharp lightsabers, densely packed and suspended in the air. Such Chun, I'm sorry, but I must win this battle. Kong Llings eyes were resolute. This blood sacrifice technique allows him to temporarily advance three realms within 10 minutes. It was originally his trump card, which he would never use unless absolutely necessary. But today he bears the honor of Kunoon Mountain on his shoulders and cannot afford to lose. No need to apologize. Suchin sneered and snapped his fingers. Let the night descend. Whoosh! In an instant, the bright sky within a 3 km radius of the God Slayer arena was suddenly swallowed by dense darkness. The sunlight seemed to be wiped away by an invisible hand, leaving only a cold full moon above the arena, facing the sun in a distant position. Holy crap. How did it suddenly get dark? This was this created by Such Chun. Could it be a domain? My god, Suchin has actually mastered a domain. That's terrifying. Hara, that's hilarious. Wasn't Kong Lling relying on his light. Now that the lights gone, let's see how he fights. The stands erupted in chaos, filled with exclamations and whispers. The leaders of the various forces sat up straight, their brows furrowed, their eyes filled with shock and somnity. The ability to instantly alter the environment was clearly something only a domain could accomplish. Suchin's growth rate has exceeded everyone's expectations. On the darkened arena, the lightsabers around Kong Ling lost the sunlight. Their light dimmed rapidly, and their numbers decreased sharply from tens of thousands of densely packed weapons. The number instantly shrank to a mere few hundred and the power was greatly reduced. Such Chen, what's wrong with you? Kong Llings tone was tinged with panic. The opponent actually blocked the light beam. This is a complete blow, cutting off his foundation. Suchin completely ignored his shock. Demon Pool, shadow dragon. As his icy voice fell, the entire arena was instantly covered by dense dark elements, forming a bottomless black magic pool. At the same time, for jet black shadow dragons coiled around Su Chins body, their dragon eyes flashing with scarlet light and exuding a terrifying ferocity. Kong Llings heart sank. He condensed the remaining golden light into a pair of wings, flapped them, and tried to fly into the sky to escape the demon pool's hold. Who gave you permission to fly? Get down here. A gigantic black demonic claw suddenly emerged from the demonic pool, moving with lightning speed, firmly gripping Kong Llings body and pulling him downwards. Caught off guard, Kong Lling was pulled and slammed hard into the demon pool, spitting out a mouthful of blood. He endured the excruciating pain and golden light surged from his body. Light dispel. He tried to dispel the damn darkness with light, but the darkness was like a maggot clinging to a bone, impossible to dispel. Coldly shouted at the four shadow dragons coiling around him, "Go!" The four shadow dragons roared in unison and swooped down toward Kong Lling. Their bodies expanded continuously during flight, and in the blink of an eye, they transformed into enormous creatures several meters long. Their dragon claws tore through the air, emitting a piercing whistle. Boom! light barrier around the arena to tremble violently. Kong Llings body was sent flying like a kite with a broken string by Inglongs powerful impact, crashing straight out of the arena, spitting out blood that stained the ground red. Chapter 171. What's black or white? Anything that can help Su Chin is good. The referee was stunned for a long time before stepping forward and saying, Such Chun wins the final. Congratulations to Such Chun for winning the singles championship. He has been in the industry for many years and has hosted countless finals, but he has never seen such a swift and decisive match. The final was over in just three moves, turning the highly anticipated showdown into a sinking fish game with no suspense whatsoever. The close back and forth battles of the past finals were completely overturned by Su Chun, leaving only a crushing defeat. As soon as the referee finished speaking, the entire God Slayer arena was engulfed in deafening applause and cheers. The spectators in the stands stood up, waving their arms and expressing their fervor and excitement. What kind of god descending from the mountain? He's nothing but a false god. How dare he call himself a god in front of God Su? He defeated his final opponent in three moves. Remember, his name is Such Chun. This is the true God. Har. They even said the disciples of Kunoon Mountain were invincible. That's all Today, they've been thoroughly trampled underfoot by God Sue. The legend that Kun Mountain disciples were superior to ordinary disciples was utterly shattered at this moment, completely destroyed and leaving no room for them to stand. Soon as Such Chin stepped off the stage, Kongs weak call came from behind. Such Chun. He paused slightly, turned around, and asked indifferently, "What?" Kong Lling barely managed to lift his head. I accept defeat wholeheartedly. I will help you with Huhan Xs matter. The crushing defeat did not breed resentment in him. Instead, it made him completely admire Su Chun and even willing to lend a helping hand. Such Chen's eyes faded slightly. Thanks. After saying that, he turned and left without lingering. Seeing that his attitude had softened a bit, Kong Llings tense nerves relaxed and everything went black before her eyes. She completely fainted. The host, Marcio, rang out again. his voice filled with emotion. This is truly a once- in a century competition. Congratulations again to Kyoto Ability Academy for taking the championship in the individual competition of this 100 schools league. That's rare indeed. Who can defeat their opponent in three moves in the finals? This speed has completely shattered everyone's expectations of the finals. According to the competition rules, the prize for the individual champion will be awarded together with the team competition after the competition ends. After all, the individual competition is just a warm-up. The real highlight of this 100 school league is the upcoming team competition. The team competition is so highly anticipated because of its location, the infamous death ruins. Thus, the 100 schools league individual competition came to a perfect end with Su Chin's unparalleled dominance. Such Chun, it's been a long time. A voice came from behind him and Zu E quickly stepped forward, blocking Su Chin's path. Commanderin-Chief Zu Suchin stopped in his tracks. Yes, Marshall Long wants to see you. I suppose you also have something you'd like to say to him. Marshall Long, you'll understand once you come with me, Zu. He didn't explain further and led Such Chun toward the reception hall deep within the Gods Slayer Arena. Inside the reception hall, the lighting was bright yet solemn, and the air was filled with a faint aroma of tea. In the center of the hall, on a sandalwood chair, sat a man in a crisp military uniform. around 50 years old. His face was resolute with sharp features, and his demeanor was calm and extraordinary. Even when he was just sitting, he exuded an aura of authority and pressure from someone who had long held a high position. Kid, you're here. Upon seeing Suin enter, Long Yin revealed a gentle smile, dispelling the coldness around him. This is Marshall Long Yen of the Dragon Kingdom, who ranks above the commanders and chief of each major war zone. Zu E introduced from the side. Marshall Long Such Chun greeted respectfully. No need for formalities. Long Yin waved his hand, his eyes full of admiration. Congratulations on winning the individual competition. You've once again broken the legend of Kun Mountain. The first time was when Su Chun awakened his golden bone. The second time was today when he crushed Kong Lling, shattering the myth that the disciples of Kun Mountain were invincible. It was just a small favor. There are no eternal legends in this world. At this moment, he was preoccupied with Huhan Xangs safety and had no time to care about such empty fame. L Yin, being so perceptive, saw through his thoughts at a glance and asked with a smile, "What's wrong? You're not happy even after winning the competition. Is it because of Huhan X?" "Yes, Uncle Hua has been kind to me, and I absolutely cannot sit idly by and do nothing. Even if the whole world abandons Hua X, Such Chun must rescue him." The concepts of right and wrong have become irrelevant to him. What does black or white matter? Anything that helps Su Chun is good. Huh certainly didn't spoil you for nothing. Long Yin side softly. But don't worry, I'll handle this. The Lynn family wouldn't dare to really take Huhongs life. Give me some time and I'll definitely find a way to resolve this. Okay. Hearing L Yans promise, Such Chins anger subsided slightly. Even if the marshall can save Uncle Hua, the Lynn family will still be the ultimate victor. Huh? Jean Xong was released. But the price he likely paid was giving up his position as deputy commander of the central theater command, which would then fall into the hands of the Lynn family. L Yans smile faded, and he sighed helplessly. Alas, now is not the time to completely turn against Kun Mountain. We can only let the Lynn family enjoy their freedom for a while. He had long been fed up with Kung Loon Mountains doineering behavior, and Such Chin sudden emergence only strengthened his resolve to confront Coun. But the time was not yet ripe. Whether the Lynn family is carefree or not is up to me. I only ask that you, Marshall, protect Uncle Hua for a few days. You can rest assured about that. L Yin nodded in agreement, then asked curiously. What do you have other plans? Suchin raised his eyes. Destroy the Lynn family. Peach's father, Black Chin, is his first choice for assistance. If Black Chin is willing to take action, he can easily crush the Lynn family. If that doesn't work, he has a second option to seek help from the commander of the blood beast church. In his view, there are no absolute boundaries between black and white, good and evil. Since the righteous path cannot make the wicked pay the price, then he will use his own way. What he wanted was the complete annihilation of the Lynn family, a blood debt to be repaid. Destroy the Lynn family. Long Yan's pupil shrank, his face filled with shock. The Lynn family is the fifth largest power in Kunloon Mountain with deep roots. It would be extremely difficult to destroy them. How could this kid have such confidence? Yes, blood debts must be repaid in blood. It's only right and proper. L Yin looked at the young man in front of him, who had an amazing aura and was full of doubts. Where did he get such a big mouth? Even he himself wasn't entirely confident that he could shake the foundation of the Lynn family. Kid, you wouldn't be thinking of venturing into Kun Mountain, would you? Long Yin suddenly thought of a possibility and asked tentatively. Break through the Kun Mountains? What does that mean? The so-called challenge of Kun Mountain refers to the idea that secular disciples can take the initiative to go to Kunoon Mountain to challenge it. If they succeed in the challenge, they can make a request to theQin family of Kun Loon, and theQin family must grant it unconditionally. L Yin explained that this was the only possible way he could think of for Such Chin to use. This could be an opportunity. Well see how it goes. Suchin nodded thoughtfully, but he had other plans in mind. He would first ask Tzy if the Black Chin was willing to help. You're saying the Black Chillin is a calamity beast? It's evil. It didn't bully me. So, what does it have to do with me? Seeing this, L Yin couldn't help but advise, "Alas, venturing into the Kunloon Mountains is as difficult as ascending to heaven. This is tantamount to challenging the might of Kun Loon. They will never let you succeed easily. To provoke someone at their doorstep is tantamount to courting death, and Coun will certainly do everything in its power to stop them." Marshall Long's words have only made me more eager to venture into the Kun Mountains. In Such Chens eyes, he had never liked Coun. Since breaking into Coun meant crushing their dignity, he might as well go all out and trample them under his feet. L Yen was speechless for a moment. Fine, try it if you want. But don't worry, I'll be heading to Kun Mountain soon, and Hua Jean Xion will be fine. Once I've built up the momentum and the public opinion has fermented, the Lynn family will naturally release him under pressure. to force the Lynn family to submit. We must leverage public opinion to put them in a difficult position. Thank you, Marshall Long. Suchin nodded in thanks. If there's nothing else, I'll take my leave now. He planned to go into the demon god register and asked Peach if her father, Black Chin, would be willing to help. Chapter 172. Peach's move. The pain of soul devouring. Remember not to panic. Even if the sky falls, I'll hold it up, L Yen said in a deep voice, his brows furrowed with an unyielding seriousness. Thank you for your concern, Marshall Long. I'm sorry to trouble you, Such Chun said with a smile, then turned and left. Oh, this kid has had a tough time. L Yans eyes welled up with heartache. They had to break the legend of Kun Mountain, but they also had to worry about Hua Chongs safety. Both paths were fraught with difficulties. I believe in this kid. This kid can always create miracles. There's no other way now. L Yin composed himself. I'm going to Kun Mountain now. With hurried footsteps, the figure quickly disappeared, leaving only the midday sun. After leaving the gods slaying arena, Such Chun returned to villa number one of Kyoto Academy in an instant and entered the demon god register. As soon as he entered, he saw Peach giving a lecture to the moon devouring wolf king. Peach, is the competition over? Peach turned around and immediately skipped over to Suchin's side. Shouldn't you take me to eat some more delicious food? Suchin's expression suddenly turned serious. Peach, I'd like to ask you for a favor. Help. Peach tilted her head. Just say so. Your peach sister will definitely help you. Your father is the black chilin who was suppressed in Kun Mountain, right? Wow. You actually knew what? What are you planning to do? I want to ask your father to help me wipe out the Lynn family of Kung Mountain. The Lynn family of Kun Mountain. Upon hearing this, Peach frowned slightly. Having grown up in the Kun Mountains since childhood, she was naturally familiar with the power dynamics in this land. Why bother killing them? The Lynn family has been entrenched at the foot of Kun Mountain for many years, and their power is considerable. Eliminate evil. Suchin uttered only two words. Peach suddenly turned her back, deliberately drawing out her words. Sure, but what's the price? Such was startled, then smiled knowingly. Yes, there's no such thing as a free lunch, especially not something as important as this. Price, you can take anything you need from me. Seeing his serious expression, Peach couldn't help but burst out laughing. All right, all right. It's just wiping out the Lynn family. I don't need anything from you. But her eyes darted around. From now on, I want to eat different delicious food everyday. Three meals a day, no repeats. Such Chan felt a warmth in his heart. Thank you. Why are you being so polite? But I have to go back to Kun Mountain first. I've been sneaking away for so long. Dad must be furious. But don't worry too much. I'll take care of this. Just wait for my good news. She didn't take the Lynn family seriously at all. She'd wipe them out if she wanted. Food is the most important thing. How can Suchin take her out for a good meal when she's unhappy? Even if it's just for the sake of food, the Lynn family must be wiped out. I can't thank you enough. Thank you so much, Sister Peach. From now on, the moon devouring wolf king will serve you like a slave. The moon devouring wolf king. O, I love to hear that. I'll give you an answer within 5 days. With a flash, Tzy exited the demon god register and sped off towards Kun Mountain. She had been away for half a month, and it was time to go back. Such Chan gazed in the direction she disappeared, and a huge weight was finally lifted from his heart. Hua Jehan Xs life was temporarily spared and the Lynn family's punishment was also settled. All that remained was to wait for good news. Regardless of whether it's the underworld or the legitimate world, as long as what you do is humane and righteous, it's the right path. Next, he just needed to patiently wait for news from Peach and then ascend Kun and annihilate the Lynn family. Kun Mountain, the forbidden area of the Lynn family. This place is shrouded in a gloomy fog year round and the air is filled with a strong stench of blood and decay. In the center of the forbidden area, a pitch black demonic pillar covered with eerie runes stands majestically. Hua was covered in blood and tied to the demon pillar in a sorry state. His clothes were soaked in blood and tattered. His exposed skin was covered with hideous wounds and blood dripped from the wounds forming a dark red pool at his feet. Not only that, but eight thick blood red iron chains extended from eight directions of the forbidden area, tightly binding his limbs, neck, and waist. Huhan Xang, "It would be so much better if you submitted to my Lynn family instead of insisting on going down this dark path." Lin Guang Xia, the head of the Lynn family, stood in front of the demon pillar with a sinister expression. Yesterday, he led a group of powerful members of the Lynn family to forcibly arrest them, but was almost killed by Hua Xang. If it weren't for the timely intervention of their ancestor, Lin Guangming, it would probably be the Lynn family members who are now prisoners. It must be said that Hua Jean Shong truly lives up to his reputation as one of the five tigers of the war zone. The five tigers of the war zone are the five most powerful individuals in the five war zones. Huh ranked second among them, which speaks volumes about his formidable fighting prowess. Hua Xan Xong forced a smile, spat a mouthful of bloody saliva onto the ground, and said, "Huh, a bunch of filthy, hypocritical bastards. They dare to ask me to submit." He knew perfectly well why he had been arrested, and he only regretted that he hadn't been ruthless enough yesterday to kill more of the Lynn family's lackeyis. Still stubborn, even when death is imminent. I advise you to quickly admit to colluding with alien races. Otherwise, this soul devouring array will make you wish you were dead. Go to hell. Give me a quick death. Huh? Jean Xang struggled violently, but still couldn't break free even a fraction of an inch. Fool, no one's coming to save you. You can keep being stubborn, but I'll see how long you can hold out. Lin Guania bit his fingertip, and a drop of bright red blood dripped down, landing in the center of the array below the demon pillar. In an instant, the scarlet light surged, enveloping the entire forbidden area. A chilling wind blew through the formation and countless twisted evil phantoms crawled out of the formation, rushing towards Hugh Xang. Invisible claws tore at his soul, bringing torment a 100 times greater than physical pain. Ah! Huh suddenly raised his head, his eyes bloodshot, and let out a beast-like roar. Lind dogs, I'll haunt you even as a ghost. This is what happens when you oppose the Lynn family. You don't want wealth and glory, and you insist on courting death, so enjoy it while you can. Lin Guang Xia glanced at him coldly, then turned and left the forbidden area. Upon returning to the Lynn family mansion, Lin Guang Xia went straight to the place where the ancestor Lin Guang Ming was in seclusion. Ancestor, enter. Lin Guang Xiao pushed open the door and entered. And Lin Guang Ming asked, "How did things go?" Ancestor Hua Xang is not backing down at all. Even if he suffers the pain of soul devouring, he will not give in. Lin Guang Ming snorted lightly. It's all right. Go twice a day and let one drop of his essence blood drip out each time. Hell eventually reach his breaking point. Remember, we absolutely cannot let him die. Huh? Jean Xong absolutely cannot die. Even if he confesses, he must live. If he dies, some people might really do anything to break free from their shackles and then there will be big trouble. Yes, Ancestor Lin Guang Shiao replied respectfully. Then look troubled. But Ancestor, the pressure from public opinion is growing and theqin family is also putting pressure on us. How should we deal with this? TheQin family has made their dissatisfaction clear and public opinion will likely erupt from today onwards. I'll handle things with theqin family. If the external pressure becomes too great, we'll use false evidence. You should try to secure the position of deputy commander of the central theater command as quickly as possible. Once the position is secured, it doesn't matter if Hua Xang doesn't admit it because we've already achieved our goal. Their goal was never Hua Xang, but the position of deputy commander of the central theater command. Once they've secured the position in a few days, they can feain an apology, release Hua Xang, and the matter will be dropped. And the ultimate victor was still the Lynn family. Yes, I'll take care of it right away. Chapter 173. Dark patterns form the lost temple. Kyoto number one villa. Such Chan, did you call me here to help you inscribe dark runes? Yes, I need Director Chus help with your dark element. Such Chan turned around and looked at Chu Xi Ning. Okay, what should I do? Such Chin took out a glass bottle containing a dark purple thick ink-like essence of a demonic beast. He pulled out the plug, tilted his head back, and swallowed the essence blood in one gulp. The violent energy surged into his meridians, and his bones made a crackling sound. The excruciating pain spread from the nerve endings to his limbs and bones. Fortunately, this was the essence blood of a ninth tier dark elemental demon beast. Such Chun had resistance to dark elements, which was why he barely withstood this earthshattering impact and was not directly torn apart. Director Chu mobilized the dark elements to erode me. Such Chan gritted his teeth. Chu Xi gazed at his deathly pale face, not daring to hesitate for a moment. A pale red dark element quickly condensed in her palm. The energy carried a cold, deathly feeling. She slammed her palm down on Such Chin's back, surged into Such Chin's body like a tide. At first, they carried a sharp corrosive intent. But as soon as they came into contact with Su Chin's own dark elements, they instantly restrained their sharpness and became as obedient as a docel young beast. After all, Such Chin's dark element is SS level. Such Chin's heart tightened, and he immediately drew upon the dark element, which carried the violent energy from the demon beast's blood essence, and concentrated it towards the back of his hand. There, the outline of a dark pattern was taking shape. Black lines slowly emerged on the skin, and with the tempering of essence and dark elements, the outline of a dark war banner gradually became clear. This is a summoning rune, which can provide a 100% boost to summon creatures. Different types of amplification runes have different forms. Those that enhance destructive power are ferocious black dragon claws, while those that increase speed are wings. As the dark patterns became clearer, Such Chun took out two more vials of dark elemental demonic blood and drank them all in one gulp. The scalding blood essence entered the body, intertwining with the previous energy to further accelerate the inscription of the dark patterns. Teacher Chu, please hold on a little longer. It's all right, Chu Xining replied while the dark element emanating from her palm grew even more intense. Kyoto, the Chu family's old residence. Haru Jean Xong has finally been punished. Now, Su Chun has lost his backer. Let's see how arrogant he can be now. Chuanin's face was flushed and his eyes were filled with undisguised ecstasy. When he first received the news, he almost burst out laughing on the spot. Ancestor, wouldn't that mean we can kill Su Chin openly and legitimately? Chuyu stood aside, a ruthless glint in his eyes. I'm fool. You can never be open and above board. He had Hua Xan Shong protecting him before, so the assassination attempt failed. Now that he's lost his backer, it's the perfect opportunity to assassinate him. Without any backing, Su Chun is like an eagle with broken wings, completely at their mercy. Then, Ancestor, what do you plan to do? Chui took a step closer. Let's wait a couple of days to see how things develop before deciding when to take action. As the two were talking, a series of hurried footsteps came from outside the courtyard, accompanied by a cheerful shout. Brother Shenine, I'm back, what have you been doing back after so many days? Chuanins face darkened. Brother Shenine, don't be in a hurry. Let's see who I've brought with me. Chuanin's gaze fell on the monk beside Shwani. Brought back a monk? What's the use of that? No, no, no. He's no ordinary monk. He's a Buddhist disciple, Wuin. Wu Xian smiled faintly. Greetings, benefactor. You may be facing a bloody disaster soon. Chu Xian suddenly stood up, his anger surging up instantly just as he was about to lash out. He was firmly stopped by Daisuji. Calm down. Calm down. He then turned to Chu Yu. Quickly arranged a superior accommodation for the Buddhist disciple. Chu responded and led Wu Xian away, leaving only Chu Xian and Dais Shienji behind. H what kind of Buddhist disciple? He comes up here cursing me with a bloody disaster. I'm perfectly fine. Where would I get a bloody disaster from? Brother Shenin, don't be angry. I have a plan to make Suchin suffer eternal damnation. Oh, tell me about it. Chuanin's eyes lit up and his anger instantly dissipated. Master Schwanji smiled mysteriously and whispered his entire plan into a Chuanin's ear. Chu Shian became more and more excited as he listened. Great. Let's use this method. You'll definitely get your share of the rewards after it's done. Then brother Shenin Daiswanji rubbed his hands together, his eyes filled with anticipation. Everything was prepared for you a long time ago. They're waiting in the room behind. Master Schwanji gave a wicked smile, quickly thanked him, and then hurriedly ran towards the backyard. 2 days later, at the villa where Such Chun was staying, become. A low shout came from Such Chen's mouth, and a dark glint flashed in his dark pupils. On the back of his left and right hands, a delicate dark pattern appeared. The left hand is the complete form of the dark war banner, which is the summoning rune that amplifies summons by 100%, even benefiting the moon devouring Wolf King. In his right hand were two crossed black long swords, which were dark runes that amplified the power of dark elements by 100%. Only the third dark rune could not be formed for the time being due to insufficient essence blood of the demon beast. Is it over? Chu Xining was startled awake by the low shout. Thank you for your hard work, Teacher Chu. That's all for now. Such Chin got up and stretched his limbs. The dark element in his body flowed smoothly, and the amplification brought by the dark patterns was clearly perceptible. Chu Xining gently shook her head. It's nothing. Tomorrow is the team competition. Promise me you'll participate well. Okay. Suchin remained silent. He had no interest in the team competition and was preoccupied with waiting for news from Tai and wanting to destroy the Lynn family as soon as possible. I know you're worried about Hua Xang, but he's not in any immediate danger. I insisted you participate so that you could investigate the secrets of the death ruins. All creatures there turn into skeletons after they die, which is too bizarre. There must be some unknown secrets hidden there, and there might even be some great treasures that have been discovered. Such Chin's heart skipped a beat. Okay, I will participate in the team competition. He was indeed very curious about the strange phenomena of the death ruins. If he could figure out why creatures turned into skeletons after death, he might be able to gain new abilities from it. If he could turn the creatures he killed into shadow soldiers, then he could truly unleash a sweeping attack, killing gods and Buddhas alike. Chu Xining breathed the sigh of relief. Good and evil will be rewarded in the end. The Lynn family's actions are so insidious and vicious. They will get their comeuppance sooner or later. Suchin's lips curled into a cold smile. I will be their retribution. Perfect timing. Destroying the Lynn family will grant me a large number of kill points. The Lynn family has a large population, which should allow me to further enhance my strength. Okay, then you get some rest. We'll set off for the ruins of death tomorrow. After giving her instructions, Chu Xining turned around, gently closed the door, and quietly left. Suchin stared at the tightly closed door, a cold glint flashing in his eyes. He immediately stood up. He was still short of killing points to collect all 12 sacred talismans. He would take advantage of this time to go to the wilderness, hunt demonic beasts, and quickly make up for it. Deep within the ruins of the dead, the abandoned temple stands silently. A faint ethereal voice echoed through the empty temple. Another boring day. When will some interesting people come to this ruin? When will someone step into my lost temple, start the ruin challenge, and compete for that supreme treasure? Chapter 1 1714. Competition begins. Forgotten palace master. It has been trapped in this ruin for countless years. Yet, no one has ever been able to break the seal. No one could survive the perilous trial and seize the treasure that had slumbered for millennia. he. A sinister laugh echoed through the empty palace. Hopefully, this new world will produce a few worthy toys. The following day was the first day of the team competition. The top 20 colleges in the 100 schools league with their combined strength have all gathered and are standing solemnly at the entrance to the ruins of death. Only the top 20mmies are eligible to participate. This is an ironclad rule set by the superpower administration to reduce casualties. No one wants the future pillars of society to perish here. Everyone, you are all elites selected from among the best in the academy. This trip to the ruins is fraught with danger. So, let me first explain the rules and precautions to you. Zing Tiannan raised his hand, and the watchlike devices on everyone's wrists suddenly lit up faintly. This trial bracelet has four core functions: real-time location tracking, score scanning, ruins map, and score ranking. In addition, each person is equipped with a teleportation stone, which can be crushed in an emergency to instantly escape the ruins. As for the rules, they're very simple. Hunting monsters within the ruins and collecting rare resources will earn you points after scanning with your bracelet. 7 days later, the academy with the highest total score will be the ultimate champion. Did you understand? Understood. The 200 students answered in unison. Remember, Zungan's tone suddenly turned serious. Life is not a game. If you are not careful, immediately crush the teleportation stone and evacuate. After giving their instructions, the 200 contestants jumped into the black vortex one after another. As the last figure disappeared into the depths of the vortex, the black light curtain suddenly contracted and the team competition officially began. Sai, I hope all these children can return safely. Sundai, deputy director of the Supernatural Abilities Administration Bureau, stared at the vortex with worry on his face. Don't worry, it's not a big problem. Zing Tian and patted his shoulder. The first third of the death ruins has already been explored, and there is no fatal danger. As long as they don't venture into the unknown areas deep inside, it will be fine. As the two talked, their entourage had already set up a temporary camp near the entrance, and the healing ability users were already on high alert, ready to treat the wounded who had been teleported out of the ruins. Meanwhile, at the god slaying arena, welcome everyone to the event. Today marks the grand debut of the team competition. 200 prodigies will battle it out in the ruins of death. Which academy will emerge victorious? Let's wait and see. The host Marcio's voice ignited the enthusiasm of everyone in the audience. The entire God Slayer arena was packed to capacity, filled with the deafening roar of voices. Above the arena, a huge light screen floated, clearly displaying the names of 200 contestants, theirmies, and their real-time rankings. Every change in scores drew gasps from the entire audience. In addition, several split screens simultaneously played footage transmitted by drones from the perimeter of the ruins, in which most of the participants chose to travel in groups, exploring this unfamiliar land. Team matches are definitely more exciting. I heard that in these death ruins, the dead creatures turn into ferocious skeletons. Of course, this is an ancient ruin that has never been fully explored before. It might contain a legacy or a divine artifact. Winning the championship isn't important. I just want to see the most intense battles and the most thrilling adventures. The audience was buzzing with excitement and discussion. Everyone, please keep quiet. Let's continue focusing on the amazing moments in the ruins. Marcio's voice rang out again, drawing everyone's attention back to the light screen. Deep within the ruins lies a forgotten temple. H So Prey has finally invaded my territory. Its deep voice carried a hint of amusement. It's been a while since I've had a proper game. Let me see if any of these little guys are worth my serious attention. The black mist spread out like radar, sensing the aura and strength of every intruder. A moment later, the temple master suddenly opened his eyes, a hint of surprise and excitement flashing in his dark red pupils. Tsk Tisk, interesting, is actually a little ant that started cultivating mental power ahead of time. Its aptitude is not bad. Then everyone else besides you will become bargaining chips in our game. In a game, you need a sufficient amount of capital to truly enjoy it. As the words fell, black mist spread outward from the depths of the ruins like a tide. Even more terrifying, countless skeletons that have been sleeping underground awoke one after another. Crimson flames burning in their empty eye sockets. Skeletons burst out of the ground, letting out piercing roars. The death game has officially begun. The perimeter of the death ruins. Such Chan felt a sudden dizziness and after a strong sense of spatial distortion, his feet finally touched solid ground. He opened his eyes and a bizarre scene greeted him. The sky was shrouded in a hazy blood red cloud. The ground beneath our feet was a deep black and a faint black haze permeated the air, exuding an aura of decay and death. Holy crap. This is the ruins of death. It's exactly like a dungeon in a game. Jang Lur's eyes gleamed with excitement. Be careful. Mooshwear s beautiful eyes were full of semity. Although the outer perimeter has been explored and there is drone surveillance, there are many variables in the ruins. We must not let our guard down. Okay. Suchin nodded, raised his hand, and shook the trial bracelet on his wrist. You nine will form a team. This bracelet can check each other's location in real time, so be sure to look out for each other. He had to suppress his cultivation level to the first level of the fourth rank before he could enter. However, after entering the ruins, he tried to release the suppression, but his cultivation level remained at the fourth level, first stage. Clearly, this was a restriction imposed by the rules of the ruins themselves. Brother-in-law, aren't you coming with us? It's easier for me to act alone. Su Chin's gaze drifted into the depths of the ruins, his ominous premonition growing stronger. Remember, do not be greedy for quick success or act rashly. Safety comes first. You must be careful too, Mushwer whispered. Such Chan nodded in acknowledgement and his figure suddenly transformed into a dark shadow, rushing towards the depths of the ruins. Everyone stay alert, move in teams, and attack immediately upon encountering the enemy. Mushwearer gave the order in a deep voice, leading her teammates to explore in another direction. On the other side, Such Chun had already figured out the functions of the trial bracelet. He raised his hand and tapped the map. A blue light screen appeared out of thin air, clearly marking the distribution of the death ruins. He was currently in the outermost safe zone, while the unknown areas in the depths were covered by thick black fog and could not be seen clearly. In addition, there are nine flashing dots on the screen, which are the real-time locations of the teammates. He then switched to the score ranking interface where the Shanghai Superpower Academy was temporarily in first place with a slight advantage. The points of each academy are constantly changing as monsters are hunted. Soon as Su Chun closed the light screen and took a few steps, two dark figures darted out from behind the withered tree beside him, their scarlet eyes locking onto him. Two demonic shadow wolves. Perfect. Let's test if the legend is true. Several shadow swords formed from dark shadows appeared instantly and attacked. Whoosh! Whoosh! Two sharp sword energies pierced through the air and the shadow wolf didn't even have time to let out a scream before its head was pierced by the sword energy and it fell heavily to the ground. However, a bizarre scene unfolded. Chapter 175. True intent realm. A thousand troops and horses swept through like locusts. The corpses of the two shadow wolves rotted and dissolved at a visible speed. Their blood seeping into the black soil and disappearing without a trace. Their skeletons remained intact, trembled slightly on the ground, and then automatically pieced themselves together like puzzle pieces, slowly standing up. Two skeletal wolves were thus formed, their empty eyes flashing with black and red flames as they stared intently at Such Chan. Wow, you can actually do that. Such raised an eyebrow, conjured two shadow swords, and cleaved the two skeleton wolves into pieces. But the shattered bones, after falling to the ground, trembled and reformed again in the blink of an eye, returning to their original state within 3 seconds. Immortal and indestructible. Interesting. A playful smile appeared on his lips. He stopped lingering and walked deeper into the ruins. Behind him, black mists surged from the black soil where the shadow wolves were hunted. An hour later, Such Chan arrived at the central area of the ruins, and a light blue system panel suddenly appeared when he called out. Being in such a strange location, it's only natural to work harder to become stronger. The number 70W kill points above is particularly eye-catching. This is the result of his tireless hunting of monsters in the solo competition. Accumulated with blood and sweat. I still need to accumulate 300,000 kill points to unlock the 12 sacred symbols, Such Chan muttered to himself, then ordered system upgrade the eighth tier combat skill thousands of troops to true intent. After spending 700,000 kill points, the combat skill thousands of troops has successfully broken through to the true realm. The moment the cold system notification sound faded, a flood of insights into the artistic conception rushed into Such Chen's mind. The roar of clashing swords and galloping horses, the shouts of millions of soldiers, and the heroic spirit of fighting on the battlefield intertwined, transforming into a powerful sense of enlightenment that washed over his mind. After a long while, Suchin suddenly opened his eyes, his gaze flashing with thousands of elucory military formations. An aura of dominance over the world suddenly erupted. Is this the true meaning of a vast army? Such Chun was deeply shocked. After the breakthrough, this combat skill is no longer subject to a fixed number limit. As long as there is enough energy, not to mention thousands of troops, even billions of soldiers can be formed in the world. This is the real thousands of troops, the real sweep. Damn it, system. Are you doing this on purpose? Suchin said, both amused and exasperated. You've been accumulating kill points for so long, and this is all you get to enjoy it for. If breaking through to the eighth tier of combat skills requires 700,000, then wouldn't the ninth tier require at least a million? But then he thought about it again, and the gain was absolutely worth it. An endless army of shadows was enough for him to sweep everything aside. Such Chin's eyes turned cold, and the dark elements around him surged wildly, sweeping out like an inky tsunami. A vast army. In an instant, 10 shadow generals clad in dark armor and wielding swords suddenly appeared. Immediately following behind, 10,000 shadow soldiers stood in neat formation, casting a dark cloud over the entire area. At this moment, Such Chin source energy can only support more than 10,000 soldiers anymore, and he will be exhausted. But this is enough. Slay through the ruins. Suchin waved his hand. The shadow legion swept across the ruins like locusts. Meanwhile, inside the God Slayer arena, hundreds of thousands of spectators were staring at the giant light screen and discussing amongst themselves. Why isn't Such Chin score changing? It's been so long in the competition and he only has 10 points. Could he be in dire straits? Get lost, you idiot. Susan can be in dire straits. You must be out of your mind. Exactly. If Susan is trapped, even my dead grandmother could crawl out of her grave and start dancing in the square. H scores don't lie. We're ranked last now. What's there to brag about? In the front seats of the audience, representatives of various factions were also closely watching the situation. Looking at the rankings on the screen, many people complimented Yong Tao, the representative of the Shanghai Superpower Academy. Representative Yang, it seems that Shinyong from your college will have the upper hand in this team competition. The rankings are clearly visible on the light screen. Ranked first, magic and martial arts ability academy total score 1458. Ranked second, Military Ability Academy total score 1350. Ranked third, Kyoto Ability Academy total score 1,200. Shinyong secured first place with a score of 658, followed closely by Kong Ling, while Such Chun came in last with a score of 10. Yong Tao stroked his chin. What on earth is Suchin doing? Is he really trapped by some powerful monster? If so, then the Shanghai Supernatural Abilities Academy has really turned the tide this time. He immediately shouted to the host, "Marcio." Host Marcio cut to Such Chin's shot. Marcio nodded and immediately notified the backend operators. Just as the audience was eagerly anticipating the moment, and the haters were preparing to make sarcastic remarks, Such Chin score on the screen suddenly began to soar. 158486810601588203610. Such Chin score in red jumped like a rocket. In the blink of an eye, Such Chin's individual score broke through 3,000. He not only topped the individual rankings, but also directly pulled the total score of the Magic City Ability Academy to the top of the list, leaving the second place several times behind. This scene caused the entire audience to fall into a moment of deathly silence followed by a deafening roar of gasps. Holy crap. Is this some kind of cheat code? Gaining thousands of points in a second. 3,000 points and it's still rising. What is Susan doing? Has he slaughtered the entire ruins? Where's that hater from before? Come out and show yourself. Who said Susan was in dire straits? Doesn't your face hurt? Shinyang was stunned by what he saw. this kid. Did he use some kind of cheat code? However, Marcio's startled cry drew everyone's attention back to him. Look, Such Chin's image has appeared. Then the light screen in the arena finally switched to the image of Such Chun. He was standing on a huge moon-devouring wolf king inside the ruins. He was dressed in black, his clothes fluttering in the wind, and countless shadow soldiers around him hunted down monsters like a tide. Wherever they passed, monsters fell to the ground. The audience was once again stunned. Seriously, man, are they treating this ruin as their own backyard? If you don't make a move, all is well. But when you do, it's an armywide crushing victory. How are others supposed to compete? The combined scores of all the contestants from all the schools probably wouldn't even amount to a fraction of Sushin's score, right? Stop competing. Let's just award the championship trophy to Such Chan. Seeing this, Shinyong shook his head with a rice smile. Sigh. This is even more outrageous than cheating. Inside the ruins, Shinyong, who was originally ranked first in the score, was feeling somewhat fortunate. After all, he could finally outmaneuver Su Chun. Yong Shan, your score has been surpassed, a teammate suddenly said. Shinyang frowned. How much? I'll try my best to get it back. Uh, more than 3,000 points. A team member whispered. Shinyong was shocked. What? Over 3,000 points? He thought it was a few tens of points? You're telling me it's over 3,000 points? Who is it? Is it a bug or a cheat? Shinyang was a little angry. It's Su Chun. Upon hearing Such Chen's name, Shinyang immediately deflated. If it were anyone else, it would truly seem like a bug or someone was cheating. If it were Su Chun, that would make sense since Such Chun is even more cheatlike than a cheat code. Chapter 176. The Spirit of the Ruins, a death game. Foreign God. Should we still try to catch up with this score? A teammate behind him asked, "Chase, chase my ass. If I could catch up, would I be wasting my time here? Just hold your ground. Aiming for second or third place is enough." He turned and led the way into the depths of the ruins. And the team members followed suit. What they didn't notice was that the black mist behind them was no longer spreading slowly, but instead seemed to have a life of its own, silently accelerating and relentlessly chasing after their backs. Meanwhile, whales echoed from all around the ruins. Such Chin scores skyrocketed by thousands of points, making the other contestants curse and swear. This is absolutely cheating. How can anyone's score increased this fast? Are the organizers blind? How can someone with this kind of wall hanging be allowed to participate? Just as the doubts were about to overturn the ruins, a faint hum came from the sky. Ding. It has been detected that all of Such Chin scores were obtained through legitimate means and no cheating mechanisms were triggered. The official response was like adding fuel to the fire, causing many students to break down completely. They could at least find an excuse to comfort themselves about cheating, but this blatant display of superior strength left them without even the strength to refute it. Lost in the temple. Tsk tsk. You think you can use my territory as your arena? Since you're here, you're not leaving. The spirit of the ruins finished speaking. The entire spatial structure of the ruins was instantly shattered and reassembled. The once bright sky was plunged into complete darkness. Immediately afterwards, countless black wisps of mist surged towards the miniature drone in the sky like a raging tide. With a buzzing sound of electricity, the drones that were originally responsible for filming were reduced to piles of useless scrap metal by the black fog. Such shun, right? I hope you can pass my trial. In this game, you'll probably be the only one left standing. Slaying arena. What the hell? Where's the video? I didn't even watch anything. Why is it showing up as a 4004 error? What the hell is going on? I want to see Such Chin sweep through the entire arena. Refund. Refund. Where is the director? If there's no program, just log off the network. Did he drink too much last night? And is he still not sober? In the center of the stage, cold sweat trickled down Marcio's forehead. He quickly yelled into his headset. What's going on? Where's the video? Restore it now. I don't know, Mr. Ma. came a panicked voice from the staff member in the earpiece. Just a moment ago, hundreds of mini drones were all destroyed. The signal was completely cut off. Marcio was shocked. Hundreds of drones had stopped working at the same time. How could that be? He suppressed the shock in his heart and immediately put on a calm smile. Please be patient, everyone. There's been a temporary equipment malfunction, and our technicians are working urgently to fix it. The exciting content will be back soon, so stay tuned." The audience grumbled and cursed, but ultimately held on to a sliver of hope and didn't leave immediately. The entire God Slayer Arena, only the Academy score rankings remained, displayed for Lornly on the giant electronic screen. Entrance to the ruins of death. Zung Tian and stared at the place that should have been the entrance, his face turning deathly pale. The entrance to these ruins has disappeared. How could this be? Principal Zong Sundai ran over breathlessly. News has come from the God Slayer Arena. All the drones inside the ruins have been destroyed and the footage has been completely lost. Zong Tanon's heart skipped a beat and a strong sense of unease welled up inside him. Something big must have happened inside the ruins. Quick check if the rankings and students vital signs are displayed. It can be displayed. Sundai quickly brought up the screen. Currently, all students scores are normal and vital signs show that all are alive. Zing Tian and breathed a slight sigh of relief, but his brows remained tightly furrowed. He stared at the densely packed names on the screen and said in a deep voice, "Immediately contact the experts who have awakened spatial abilities and have them come here as quickly as possible to find out exactly what happened." "The entrance to the ruins has mysteriously disappeared. Something that has never happened before. No one knows what kind of danger the students inside are facing. Okay, I'll call right away." Sundai didn't dare to delay and immediately took out his phone to make the call. Zing Tian and stared at the empty area with a solemn expression, his unease growing stronger like a surging tide. One day later, the entire ruins have been completely eroded by black mist. Such Chun, who had been slaughtering people all day, was now standing on a mountain peak surrounded by ruins. His brows slightly furrowed. He could clearly sense that the surrounding mist contained a strange energy and that this energy was constantly increasing. Just then, a chilling, eerie voice echoed throughout the ruins, penetrating the ears of every contestant. Welcome to my territory. How about we play a deadly game? With this sound and the pressure of the environment, many contestants immediately crushed their teleportation stones and prepared to leave. However, after the light of the shattered teleportation stone flashed, they were not teleported away. Instead, a dizzying sensation ensued, and the next second, they were all teleported into the temple. Then, their bodies quickly stiffened. Their eyes became empty. Their skin lost its color, and they turned into walking corpses, silently walking into the skeleton horde and merging with them. At the same time, the vital signs of these students changed from survival to death. Excellent. Excellent. Quite a few players have already volunteered to be the chips in this game, and I'm very happy. What the hell are you? Get out here right now. Someone finally couldn't help but roar. Me? The spirit of the ruins chuckled. I am the spirit of this ruin. If you want to live, then let's see if you have the ability. As soon as he finished speaking, the ground of the entire ruins began to shake violently. Crack. Crack. Countless cracks spread out and pale skeletal hands emerged from the soil with skeletons wearing tattered armor and wielding rusty weapons bursting out of the ground. Their eye sockets burned with scarlet willow the wisps staring intently at the surviving contestants without making any unnecessary movements. 1 2 10 100 Countless skeletons surged out like a tide, quickly covering every corner of the ruins and surrounding the surviving players. Quick, crush the teleportation stone. Get out of here. Many team leaders shouted themselves horse, trying to organize their team members to evacuate. However, when the students crushed the teleportation stone again, the result was exactly the same as before, they were not evacuated, but were forcibly teleported to the lost temple, turned into puppets, and their vital signs were immediately reduced to zero. Soon, some people realized something was wrong. Watching the number of survivors dwindle on the screen, everyone was gripped by extreme panic. Everyone who was teleported is dead. I forgot to tell you. The spirit of the ruin's voice rang out like a death nail that the spatial structure of this ruin has long been completely altered by me. Each and every one of you is a participant in this game and also a bargaining chip. Crushing the teleportation stone is equivalent to forfeiting your participation and automatically becoming a bargaining chip for the remaining players. Want to survive? You can only rely on those participants who are still persisting. These words struck everyone's hearts like a heavy hammer. despair, helplessness, and the fear of the unknown spread like a black fog. Suchin listened quietly, but it did not affect his state of mind at all. As he listened to the words of the lost palace master, a cold smile curled at the corner of his lips. Fear, not at all. As long as there are enough kill points, no matter what kind of relic, spirit or demon you are, you will eventually have to kneel down and sing conquer to him. Hey, spirit of the ruins, how about you summon a beast tied to test your skills? Suchan deliberately provoked him. He was only a few tens of thousands of kill points away from obtaining the 12 sacred talismans. Perhaps we can provoke this relic spirit to farm a million kill points. Upon hearing these provocative words, the spirit of the ruins was confused and a little angry at being offended. This Such Chun is far too arrogant. Of course, no problem. The death game officially begins. I will use the black mist to guide everyone to the lost temple. Those who arrive at the end will become contestants. Of course, if you encounter danger, crushing the teleportation stones will become game chips, so there is still a chance to survive. Before the words were finished, a thick black mist spread out in front of them, leading them to the lost temple. Furthermore, the skeletal monsters and skeleton soldiers launched a full-scale attack on the people inside the ruins. At the same time, the black mist in front of Su Chun slowly receded, revealing a path leading to the north. Such shun, you're quite interesting. A cloud of black mist suddenly condensed and transformed into a completely black crow. The crow tilted its head, its eerie green eyes scrutinizing the situation with keen interest. Suchin raised his eyes and his detection function was instantly activated. Spirit of the ruins? The spirit of the ruins? Indeed, it is my avatar. I heard you requested that the game's difficulty be increased, hoping to annihilate the beast horde. Yes. The what? Can'tt you do it? Such Chan deliberately provoked him. Interesting. The crow sneered, raising its wings and flapping them around. Then you can take the first wave. Boom! The ground trembled violently, and thousands of skeletal wolves, skeletal lions, and skeletal soldiers surged out of the shadows, their bony hooves pounding the earth. Their cultivation levels were all below the fourth rank, first level. Their densely packed figures surrounded Such Chun, forming an impenetrable wall of bones. A hint of boredom flashed in Such Chen's eyes. In these ruins, the skeletons are unkillable. They only regenerate, making it impossible to obtain kill points. This appetizer is truly disappointing. It's time to show this relic spirit our strength, so it will take us seriously. That's it. The spirit of the ruins sneered disdainfully. If you can deal with these skeletons within 5 minutes, I will increase the difficulty for you and let you see the beast tide as you wish. There is absolutely no way Such Chan could clear out thousands of skeletons in 5 minutes. It's a deal. His hand, Such Chin's body was suddenly enveloped in a surge of powerful dark elements. Countless shadow soldiers appeared, their densely packed figures blotting out the sky, numbering in the tens of thousands, all at around the fourth level of cultivation. crush it. At a single command, thousands of skeletons were torn apart and crushed, turning into piles of scattered bones which were about to be reassembled. And all of this took only 5 seconds. The spirit of the ruins remained frozen on the tree branch, its eerie green eyes filled with disbelief and shock, and it remained silent for a long time. 5 seconds. Is Such Chan s strength really that terrifying? It underestimated the young man before it. But this might not be bad news. Very well. This is your trump card? Suchin nodded, his tone slightly arrogant. How about it? Isn't your brother Chin amazing? The trump card? This is just the tip of the iceberg. The Eternal Knight, the power of the Wolf King, the Dark Runes, and the world destroying Black Lotus have all yet to be revealed. Moreover, the Shadow Legion's current strength is only average, as it hasn't undergone any enhancements yet. Such Chun, you are truly foolish. The spirit of the ruins suddenly burst into maniacal laughter. I have already seen through your trump card. You will undoubtedly lose the trial to come. you, Suchin cursed. Didn'tt we agree that the beast tide would swarm me. Stop doawling. Can't you even do this? He deliberately wanted to provoke the spirit of the ruins. The angrier the spirit, the better, and the more monsters would come, the more kill points would be gained. Very good. I hope you can still smile later. Crack. A sharp cry echoed for miles around, and the crow's figure suddenly vanished into the black mist. The next second, the entire ruins seemed to have been switched on to go berserk. Within a radius of a 100 miles, the eyes of all the surviving demonic beasts instantly turned blood red. They roared and frantically gathered in the direction of Suchun. The beasts hooves pounded the ground, shaking the mountains and the earth. If Suchin knew what the spirit of the ruins had done, he would definitely burst into laughter. Thank you, big brother, for sending me hundreds of thousands of killing points. Such Chun, good luck. The cawing of crows echoed in the void, accompanied by the ever approaching roars of beasts and the earth shaking sound of footsteps. The spirit of the ruins sneered. Within a radius of a 100 miles, there are at least tens of thousands of demonic beasts. Not to mention that these demonic beasts will turn into skeletons after they die. When tens of thousands of skeletons are added to the endless stream of demonic beasts, even if Su Chun is strong, he will definitely be defeated. It could already picture Su Chen's face with a mask of pain on it. At that time, I will definitely kneel down and beg it. Upon hearing this earthshattering noise, Suchin almost cowed out to the spirit of the ruins on the spot. 1 million kill points. We've got it. the 12 sacred symbols. That's secure, too. At this moment, in the council hall of the gods arena, reporting that over 80 students have died in the ruins so far, and none have been teleported out. Sundai reported the latest news with a grave expression. Upon hearing this, the entire council chamber fell into a deathly silence. What on earth happened? Suan mean slammed his fist on the table. How did a perfectly good team competition turn into this hell on earth? Zung Tian and frowned. Sigh. I never expected this to happen. There are quite a few ruins in the Dragon Kingdom, but none have ever been as dangerous as this one with a frighteningly high mortality rate. Just as the group was talking in hush tones, the death toll on the leaderboard jumped again and several more students had died. Even more strangely, almost everyone's scores had stopped increasing except for Sue Chen, whose score was still skyrocketing. What was originally increasing by thousands has now jumped by tens of thousands. Do you think it's possible that Su Chun encountered a large-scale attack by demonic beasts and while the others retreated under his protection, he stayed behind to cover the retreat, which caused his score to keep increasing? I pondered for a moment. Zu E, the commanderin-chief of the central theater command said, his tone carrying a hint of speculation. That's possible. After all, only Such Chin score is still fluctuating. So, he's most likely fighting a desperate battle with the monsters. Even if it was to cover the retreat, it shouldn't have resulted in so many deaths. Suan Mein couldn't help but retort. Besides, the entrance to the ruins suddenly disappeared, making it impossible for us to intervene in the rescue. Don't worry, I've already contacted a spatial expert to investigate the reason for the disappearance of the ruins entrance. I should have results soon and took a deep breath. Furthermore, I've reported this matter to the marshall, and I believe a formal rescue plan will be available soon. Everyone nodded in silence, their faces full of helplessness. Now their only hope is that the leaderboard will continue to change, at least to prove that someone is still alive. 2 days later, deep within the ruins. Ding! Congratulations, host. You have accumulated 5 million kill points. Reward, 12 sacred talismans. The system notifications sounded in his mind, and Such Chin stopped what he was doing, his eyes gleaming with ecstatic joy. These past two days, thanks to the strong assistance of the spirit of the ruins, wave after wave of monsters have been arriving, allowing him to fight to his heart's content. Not only did they easily gain 1 million kill points, but they also obtained the 12 sacred symbols as they wished. Now, this sacred talisman will become one of his trump cards system. Retrieve the wolf saint talisman and the knight saint talisman. Now it's time to witness the power of the sacred runes. Is chapter 177 a case of moral decay or a distortion of human nature? With a thought, two sacred runes appeared in Su Chin's palm. One rune depicting a wolf's head howling to the sky and the other a relief of an armored knight. He examined the two sacred talismans closely. They look a bit like the 12 zodiac talismans from an animation I watched in my past life, but they seem even cooler. At this moment, a system notification sounded. Ding. Three members of the demon god record have been unsealed, which will achieve the power bonus of the three bond holy talisman. The saintly talisman's enhancement is actually linked to the recording of the demon gods register. A hint of surprise flashed in Su Chen's eyes. This is somewhat similar to a game he played in his past life. The power of bonds. The more demon gods are recorded in the demon god compendium, the more sacred symbol bonds are unlocked and the stronger and more numerous the summoned legions become. 666. Good heavens, these two treasures are related. A hint of excitement flashed in Such Chen's eyes. That's right. Please, host, collect more demon gods. Suchin silently memorized the systems words, a resolute glint in his eyes. He slowly unfurled the demon god compendium and two beams of eerie light flashed revealing the headless night and the moon devouring wolf king appearing out of thin air before him. Unfortunately, Peach is not here and cannot inherit the power of the sacred symbol. A sense of regret welled up in Su Chin's heart. What he was most looking forward to was what kind of powerful being Peach would summon after inheriting the power of the holy symbol. My lord, what are your orders? The headless knight knelt on one knee. Nothing more, just reinforcements for you. Of his hand, Suchin sent two holy talismans slowly floating to the tops of the moon devouring Wolf King and the Headless Knight, respectively. The eerie light emanating from the talismans transformed into wisps of shadow that flowed into the bodies of the two demonic beasts. The power of the sacred runes surged into their veins like a raging tide. A few minutes later, the two demonic beasts completely absorbed the power of the sacred talisman. Wolf talisman appeared in the eyes of the moon devouring wolf king while a knight's symbol was engraved on the spear in the headless knight's hand. Ding. The moon devouring wolf king has successfully inherited the power of the wolf saint talisman. Ding. The headless knight has successfully inherited the power of the knight's holy symbol. Ding. The three saints talisman synergy has activated increasing summon creature power by three times. Such eyes. The three saints talisman bond meant three times the number of summoned creatures. Wouldn't that mean the synergy of the 12 sacred symbols would be at least 10 times greater? Then he asked, "Do you feel anything? Your majesty?" I sense something awaiting my summons. The moon devouring wolf king nodded slightly and let out a low roar to indicate that he felt the same way. "All right, your turn to make a move will come soon. He is now very close to the lost temple. Once he arrives at the lost temple, the trial assessment will begin. Then let this trial be the first battle for the moon devouring wolf king and the headless knight who bear the power of the holy symbol. He was already quite eager to see how many of these two demonic beasts could summon. Yes, your majesty, the headless knight replied respectfully. Such Chan waved his hand, putting them back into the demon god register and then opened the panel to check the kill points. 10846. With over a million kill points, this was definitely the richest battle he had ever fought. Such Chan, are you already drenched in sweat? You definitely can't hold on against so many demonic beasts. Kneel down and beg for mercy, and I might spare your life. At that moment, the spirit of the ruins transformed into a raven and appeared in the sky. Such Chun closed the panel, a look of surprise on his face. Brother, you're my real brother. This is truly a brother. He just casually gifted a million kill points. The spirit of the ruins was somewhat bewildered. It tilted its head and let out a sharp cry. Oomph, don't try to get close to me. I'll only let you off easy if you kneel down and beg for mercy. Who told you to be so arrogant yesterday? Brother, no. You're my father. Don't make things easy for me. Don't make me work myself to death. Okay. Suchin said sincerely. A few more waves and we'll have enough kill points to advance to SSS level superpower. Calling me brother is not an overreaction at all. The spirit of the ruins raised three question marks and looked at Su Chun with some doubt thinking to itself. Has Such Chin lost his mind? Then it looked around. Hm. Where are the monsters? Where are the skeleton soldiers? Why can't I see a single one? Such could it be that you killed all those demonic beasts? It finally realized. Yeah, bro. Can we have a few more rounds? I'll recognize you as my godfather. What? The spirit of the ruins is evil. Who said that? This spirit of the ruins is my adoptive father. Of course, if the spirit of the ruins is his adoptive father, then his courtesy name is Su Chun Funen. What? How did you do that? The spirit of the ruins was filled with shock. It had thought that Su Chun would be chased and made a mess by the monsters, but now the opposite was true. Not only did they kill them all, but they also wanted to recognize them as their godfather. Could it be that it's become very popular lately? Brother, why don't you lure another monster from within a thousand miles to attack me? You'll see for yourself how I did it. He currently possesses the sacred talisman, so he's truly not afraid of any demonic beasts within a thousand miles. The spirit of the ruins pondered. Could it be that Such Chun becomes stronger by killing demonic beasts? Otherwise, he wouldn't be allowed to lure demonic beasts indefinitely. Such Chun, I'm not stupid. No demonic beast will attack you next. I look forward to your trial. It transformed into a wisp of black mist and vanished. What a disgrace. I originally wanted to see Su Chun get chased and humiliated by the demonic beasts, but I never expected him to be so full of energy. Before he came, he had been fantasizing about Such Chun kneeling and begging for mercy. But now he sees him as nothing more than a clown. The spirit of the ruins was filled with anger and resentment, as if Such Chun had slapped it hard across the face. Such Chin watched it leave, his eyes filled with reluctance, but not fear. It's all about the desire for kills. Then it looked at the instrument in its hand, opened the leaderboard, and glanced at the current survivors. Only about 30 people remained. The rest had all become dead and used as bargaining chips. It seems the next trial might be about saving these students. These deaths were not real deaths. They were merely used as bargaining chips. If the upcoming trials go smoothly, they can be saved. Whether or not to save her will be determined later. After closing the leaderboard, Such Chan turned his gaze to a distant vortex of black mist. "That must be the Lost Temple, right?" Such Chan murmured to himself, a hint of anticipation in his eyes. One day later, the fourth day of the individual competition. The entire city of Kyoto and even the entire country of China has been a hot topic these past few days. The death ruins or so survivors remain. Shocking. No one has been teleported out. Is the ruins haunted? Shocking. Suchin score has reached a million. Is this a distortion of human nature or a decline in morality? Hope. The only hope is Such Chun. A million points. How did he manage that? Chapter 178. The trial begins. The first stage. Rescue. The entire Dragon Kingdom was shrouded in the shadow of the death ruins with Such Chin's kill points surpassing 1 million being the only piece of good news. This at least proves that he's still steaming. In the Chu family mansion, red candles burned brightly and the table was laden with wine and meat. Hara, "Heaven is helping me. Heaven is helping me," Chu Xian said gloatingly. "Dare to oppose brother Shenin. His fate is destined to be miserable." Suchin probably won't last much longer. "Hoof, I love hearing that." The entrance to the ruins is sealed. He's most likely already a skeleton in a tomb. He naturally kept a close eye on the developments at the ruins, and the hot news of the past few days had already spread throughout the mansion. Of course, Schwanji downed her drink in one gulp, her tone filled with vengeful satisfaction. There are only 11 survivors left. In a few days, I'll make sure they're all dead. Not a single one left. Thinking of the frustration he felt when Suchin suppressed him, he was finally able to vent his anger a little. Chu Xian was in high spirits and called out, "I've had my fill today. Come on, fill it up. Shwanji also complimented him and drank it all in one gulp. In their eyes, Such Chun had absolutely no chance of surviving. How can you survive if there's no entrance? Lee family residence tsk to SK. Dear sister, your man seems to be destined for a short life. Lie tone was sharp and sarcastic. She had specially rushed back from the Chu family just to see Lie Chingqings distraught appearance. Smack. A crisp slap rang out as Li Chingqing slapped Li Yin Wan across the face, causing blood to trickle from the corner of her mouth. He'll be all right. Lie Chingqings voice was icy, but her eyes trembled slightly, a barely perceptible tremor of suppressed panic. Lean wiped the blood from the corner of her mouth, and instead of being angry, she laughed even more wildly. "Ho, you're just being stubborn. There's no entrance to the ruins. How is he going to get out? He'll just be tortured to death by those monsters and skeletons. Then you'll be an orphan with no one to rely on, and I can do whatever I want with you. Boom. Before she could finish speaking, Li Chingqing kicked Li Yinwan away. Lean Wan slammed heavily against the solid wood door, making a dull thud, and winced in pain. Get out of my sight within 3 seconds. Lean struggled to her feet, still laughing wildly. Huh? You wait. When Su Chins name becomes death, that will be my time for revenge. At that time, I will make you wish you were dead. Once Su Chun dies, Li Chingqing will have no one to rely on and will become her play thing, and all the humiliations will be returned to her tenfold. I will relay what you said today to Such Chin verbatim. Let's save him first. Lean clutched her chest and turned away in a disheveled state. Watching her retreating figure, Li Chingqing trembled uncontrollably. She was willing to believe that Su Chan could overcome the difficulties, but deep down she still lacked confidence. "You stinky man," she muttered under her breath, her eyes slightly reening. She suddenly felt a pang of regret, regretting that she hadn't taken the initiative earlier. "If I could have a child with him, even if something were to happen to him, at least a bloodline would remain." As she thought about it, Lie Chingqings gaze gradually hardened. As long as Such Chun can come back safely, she will force herself on him and make it a fade accomply. Whether he agrees or not, at least let him experience the ultimate bliss so that he won't have any regrets later if something unexpected happens. She shook her head again to dispel these bad thoughts. Such Chun is so strong. He'll definitely be all right. Li Chingqing clasped her hands together and prayed devoutly to the void. I only ask that you return safely. Deep within the ruins, black mist swirls. Such Chan stared at the scene before him, raising an eyebrow slightly. Is this the entrance to the lost temple? Instead of the magnificent palace gates they had imagined, they found themselves in a dark cave, its entrance shrouded in thick black mist. With a thought, shadows gathered around him, transforming into a ferocious shadow dragon that roared as it hurdled towards the cave. Boom! The shadow dragon crashed into the cave. The entire cave suddenly erupted in chaos. Countless scarlet eyes lit up in the darkness like willow the wisps in the night sky. There were countless skulls piled together, their bones grinding together with a grading, grading sound. My goodness, so many skeletons. Suchin clicked his tongue slightly. Before he could react, the black mist behind him suddenly surged, enveloping him as if it were alive. The next second, a powerful suction force pulled him straight down into the abyss deep within the cave. The wind whistled in his ears. Suchin looked down and saw that the rock walls around the abyss were covered with endless skeletons. Their eyes glowed crimson and they stretched out their withered bony claws as if trying to drag him down. After falling for an unknown amount of time, just as Such Chan was about to lose his sense of time, a purple vortex suddenly appeared beneath him. As the vortex spun, it unleashed a powerful spatial force that engulfed him entirely. When he opened his eyes again, the scene before him was completely different. He was in an incomparably luxurious temple with luminous pearls emitting a soft glow hanging from the ceiling. The surrounding walls are carved with countless skulls and monsters in relief, the lines of which are ferocious and lifelike. In the center of the main hall, there were several treasure chests that radiated a precious light. While in the very center stood a snow white trial opening stone. Just as Su Chan was admiring the scene inside the hall, several spatial fluctuations sounded one after another and the other survivors were teleported here. Holy crap, brother-in-law. I'm so happy to see you. A familiar voice rang out and Jang Lure rushed forward, tears streaming down his face, his expression filled with the ecstatic joy of surviving a disaster. Suchin glanced around and saw that, including himself, there were exactly 10 remaining contestants. Most of them were acquaintances. Shinyang, Mushware, Kong Ling, and a few students from other colleges. What exactly is going on? How do we get here? Shinyang spoke first, his tone filled with confusion and weariness. What bad luck. I only came down the mountain for training, but I never expected to find myself in such a desperate situation. Kong Lling sighed, his face full of helplessness to defeat Such Chun during his training trip down the mountain. But now he faces a near-death experience. Don't be discouraged, everyone. Suchin stepped forward. The 10 of us were lucky enough to pass the test to the Lost Temple and become official trial participants. As for the other 190 companions, they are not truly dead. Their lives are in our hands. That's right. A cackling laugh rang out and the spirit of the ruins transformed into a black raven, landing on the trial opening stone. You 10 are the lucky ones who weren't eliminated along the way. As long as even one of you can pass all seven trials, everyone will be saved, including those 190 chips. These words calmed the heavy hearts of the group somewhat. At least they still had a chance to save their companions. Come on, it's just seven checkpoints, right? Well take it. Shinyangs eyes blazed with fighting spirit. The spirit of the ruins let out a cold laugh. Arrogant youth. This abandoned temple has welcomed countless powerful beings from various planets. Yet none have been able to successfully pass through it, and no one has even been able to touch the threshold of the sixth level. H all that pretense. If you're going to test me, then get started. A faint golden light emanated from Kong Llings body. Where there is light, I am invincible. The spirit of the ruins chuckled, its voice alluring. Very good. By passing the trial, you will not only master the core secret of killing monsters and turning them into skeletons, but you will also obtain the most precious treasures held by the temple. As he spoke, the trial activation stone slowly moved in front of everyone, its runes shining brightly. Press it, and the trial will begin immediately. Such Chan was filled with excitement. Could he really master the secret of killing monsters and turning them into skeletons? If he could master this secret, wouldn't his army of shadow soldiers and skeleton soldiers be able to expand indefinitely? Just a heads up, the first trial is called salvation. Chapter 179, first trial, rules, demon orb villagers rescue. Could it be that someone will come to rescue us? You'll find out once you're inside. Furthermore, the difficulty level of the first three trials in the ruins will be determined by your overall strength. The spirit of the ruins spoke with a hint of mystery. its eyes sparkling with curiosity. Suchin's first challenge be normally the first challenge is one star in difficulty. Only those exceptionally talented geniuses might face a twostar or even three star challenge. The difficulty of the first three stages will vary depending on the strength of the test taker while the difficulty of the last four stages will be uniform. W brother-in-law, you must lead us to survive. Jang Lu cried out. Why are you crying? You called me brother-in-law once, and I won't let you call me that for nothing. I'm here for you. He guessed that by passing the trial, he could learn the secret of turning creatures into skeletons. He must pass this trial. Oh my god, I'm relieved to hear you say that. Jang Lure wiped away her tears. Among them, Such Chun is the team's only hope. At this moment, Kong Lling stepped forward, stretched out his hand, and shouted, "Go for it. Its sharpness can break metal." The others also stepped forward, stacked their hands together, and shouted in unison, "Victory is certain." Suchin looked at them and joined in, "Go for it! TK!T! How touching! Please!" The spirit of the ruin's voice carried a hint of mockery. The 10 people exchanged glances, their eyes conveying encouragement and trust, and then pressed their fingers onto the trial stone. A dazzling white light flashed, teleporting them all to the trial grounds of the ruins. As they were teleported to the first trial, 10 trial projections like elucory shadows slowly appeared above the lost temple. Such Chun, I will make everyone on this planet watch how you fail. The spirit of the ruins curled into a cold smile and without hesitation projected the footage of the 10 trial participants attempt directly onto the sky above the entrance to the ruins. In its view, failure is not terrible. What is truly terrible is being seen by relatives, loved ones, and people it cares about. This way, the trial can be made more twisted and fun. What is this? They're undergoing a trial. Zing Tian and stared at the scene of the ruins that suddenly appeared in the sky, his face filled with astonishment. Very likely, they are probably undergoing some kind of trial or inheritance. Sundai also said, "So why did the image suddenly appear? He project the image onto your country or these 10 people will die. At this moment, the voice of the spirit of the ruins came from the image. You're playing tricks. Who are you? Zing tien immediately became alert and questioned loudly. Several minutes passed, but the screen remained completely silent, showing no reaction whatsoever. This this ruin is a bit strange. Zing Tian and frowned, a sense of unease rising in his heart. Project this scene into the God Slayer arena. What if not releasing that voice really caused Su Chins immediate death? Whether it's a good thing or not, at least it can suppress the restless Chinese audience. Yes, Son replied. Zing Tian and looked at the scene, sighed helplessly, and silently prayed in his heart. Such Chan, you must stay safe and sound. Inside the ruins, the first trial begins. Such Chan pressed the trial stone. He felt a burst of intense white light flash. The light so real it stung his eyes. When he opened his eyes again, he found himself in a dilapitated village. Then several golden light screens appeared in the sky displaying text. Trial participant Su Chun is assessing your overall strength and assigning you a star rating. Ding. Age assessment, cultivation level assessment, special ability assessment. Your final rating for the first level is five stars. First challenge, rescue. Trial participants, please persevere for 3 days to save Yao Family Village. 300 people with the surname Yao. Failure will result in the death of more than 200 people. Since you are on five-star difficulty, the trial difficulty has increased. Please endure 3 days without daylight to save 300 people with the surname Yao in Yaoja Village. The final number of survivors must be greater than 290 people with the surname Yao. Hint: This is a case of misleading the public. In 10 minutes, the first day without daylight will begin. Trial participants, please prepare. Suchin looked at the rules of the first level. His brows furrowed slightly and a thoughtful look flashed in his eyes. Five-star difficulty doesn't seem that hard, but he had a vague feeling that things weren't as simple as he thought. At the same time, the same situation occurred with the other nine trial participants. Without exception, they were all at the one-star difficulty level. Upon seeing Su Chen's five-star difficulty relic spirit, his eyes were filled with shock and his mouth was slightly open as if he could not believe what he was seeing. This kid five-star difficulty looks like he won't be able to get past the first level. The first level seems simple, but it's actually incredibly difficult and disgusting. Those villagers were like a bunch of demons. They seemed ordinary, but in reality, they would throw their lives away at any opportunity. Moreover, this trial of ruins has taken place on many planets, and no one has ever passed the first four stars, let alone the fifth star. Suchan will inevitably fall at the first hurdle. Unfortunately, you can't even get past the first hurdle. The spirit of the ruins sneered, its eyes gleaming with shod and frea outside the ruins. As the images of the Gods Slayer Arena were projected, the entire nation of China was instantly captivated, watching through various means such as live broadcasts and on-site viewing. Is this some kind of inheritance test? The first test doesn't look too difficult. Yeah, but Such Chin's difficulty level is a five-star difficulty level. What's so difficult about it? As long as we hide them together and hold them off for 3 days, we'll succeed, right? I could do this myself. You can't say that, can you? With 190 people dead, how could the first level be that easy? Immediately, many people upon seeing the rules of the first level remarked that it was easy to do. Meanwhile, all the major factions gathered at the godslayer arena, hoping to get firsthand information. Although I don't know what they went through, the first trial seems to be very simple so far. Jang Chong Ha, the head of the Jang family, spoke, his tone relaxed. Maybe things will turn out differently. Chuanins face was full of anger. He secretly hoped that this challenge would be even more difficult, ensuring that Su Chan would inevitably lose. Old ancestor Chu, you can't curse people like that. Zung Tian and said coldly, "H, I don't think it's that simple. Well see." He naturally hoped this trial would be as difficult as possible so that Su Chan would surely die. As long as Such Chin dies, he won't have to do it himself. Moreover, Lie Chingqing will then be his for the taking, becoming the final piece of the puzzle for his breakthrough to the 10th level. I'll play along, Zungtian retorted. He believed in Such Chan. He believed that this young man would create another miracle. Chapter 180. The way to break the stalemate. The bewildered spirit of the ruins. 10 minutes passed in the blink of an eye and the scene inside the ruins gradually became clear. Welcome, savior. In the dilapitated village, a large throng of villagers greeted Such Chun. Leading the group was the village chief, Jean Fuguay. Such Chun surveyed the village and found that almost everyone there was at around the fourth level of cultivation. As long as they didn't wander off, he was guaranteed to pass the first stage smoothly. Hello. Suchin greeted softly. Jeang Fuguay smiled. Thank you for coming to save us despite your busy schedule. Savior. Suddenly, he glanced at the disdainful villagers beside him, a cold glint in his eyes. Dare to give my savior such a sour look? Dot. He gripped a long knife and with a flash of light, the villager fell into a pool of blood before he could even let out a scream. Such Chan was taken aback, a look of astonishment flashing in his eyes, and he felt his brain go blank. He was a little anxious because he only had 10 death slots in total. Once he used up all 10, he would fail. And now this village chief has even killed one of them. He cursed inwardly, thinking, "How can this village chief be as tyrannical and unpredictable as the demon orb? Well done, village chief. The village chief is awesome. The village chief is handsome and awesome." Jeang Fuguay laughed and said, "Please excuse my foolishness, savior." Suchin really wanted to give the village chief a good beating, but he suppressed his anger and said in a deep voice, "From now on, no one is allowed to kill anyone without my order." Yes, savior. May I ask what I should call you? Such Chan, Lord Such Chan, we hope you can save our village. Tell me, what threats are there to your village? As soon as nightfalls, endless skeletons will attack us. Jean Fuguay exclaimed excitedly. Suchin frowned. Hey buddy, what's with your excitement? Wouldn't a normal person be scared and hope for rescue in this situation? At this moment, he finally understood why the rules of the first level seemed simple? Goodness. So that was what was waiting for him all along. Are all the people in this village crazy? Then what? That's all. I hope Lord Such Chen can lead us to survive. As the words fell, the sun set, its orange red afterglow spilling over the dilapitated village, and the first night without daylight quietly descended. Boom! In the instant the shadow descended, countless withered skeletal hands burst forth from the ground. In addition, the entire village began to shake violently. Dust flew up from the ground and a dark mass of skeletons quickly surrounded the village from outside like a tide. You all hurry up and enter my demon god register. You are not allowed to come out without my order. Such Chun opened the demon god register trying to get them in. Once they enter the demon god register, he can face these skeletons all by himself. No, Lord Such Chun, we are willing to fight to the death for you. Jean Fuguay gripped his long knife and shouted, "Fellow villagers, kill these skeletons. Those who do not advance shall die." Suchin roared. "Damn it!" Suchin wanted to curse. "Why not just call it demon orb village instead of Yao family village?" "Then kill me, sir." Jung Fuguay was not afraid at all. "Fuck your mother," Suchin cursed, feeling a wave of powerlessness wash over him. "This first challenge is really tricky." While he was cursing, 10 villagers were grabbed by the skeleton and crushed instantly, their blood splattering on the ground and staining the already parched land red. Trial participant Su Chan along with 289 surviving individuals surnamed Yao will automatically fail the trial in 3 days. Hint, this is a case of misrepresentation. The golden curtain of light reappeared in the sky, its radiance shining brightly against the dark night sky. Suchin frowned. They hadn't declared it a loss outright. Logically, with fewer than 290 survivors, it should have been an immediate defeat, but it hadn't. This means there is still a chance, and there is still a way to break the deadlock. Then he muttered to himself, "A fallacy of equivocation. A fallacy of equivocation." After a brief moment of thought, Such Chin's eyes lit up. So that's how the rules work. To break through the first barrier, and he would know whether it would work after the experiment. I command you to launch a full-scale counterattack. Great. I love saviors like this. Villagers, kill these skeletons. Nearly 300 people, all armed with weapons, joined the fierce battle against the skeletons. They had no fear of death, only a determination to die sooner. The number of survivors also began to decrease rapidly. 260, 240, 220. Suchin side. Damn, they're all demon pills. Confused when it saw this scene. What was Suchin doing? The game ended and failed after only 5 minutes. Such Chun broke the record for the fastest failure in the first stage of the entire trial. This is completely different from the Such Chun who gave him a hard time before. Is this the selection for a five-star difficulty character? What trash of the ruins directly taunted them. Unlike Such Chun who ignored everything, the other nine trial participants treated the villagers like their own fathers. Even if they are demons, that's still their fate. Half a day later, after a wave of skeletons had just retreated, the dim moonlight shone on the village, which was filled with blood and wreckage, Suchin looked at the few remaining villagers and was somewhat speechless. Only a little over 100 left. Lord Such Chan, it is our honor to die in battle. As Jeang Fuguay spoke, he went directly to the side of a man whose arm had been torn off by a skeleton, saying, "You're already injured. What the hell are you going to live for?" Dot. With another slash, the villager was hacked to death. Suchan was used to this kind of behavior. Then he prepared to conduct an experiment and raised his hand to summon a shadow soldier. He looked at the shadowy soldier and said, "From this day forward, you are a resident of Yaoja village and your surname is Yaoi." The substitution of concepts coupled with the clear rule that the people with the surname Yao from Yaoa village are key to breaking the deadlock. Besides, night soldiers are human, too. After all, soldiers are human. Shadow soldier equals human. The person surnamed Yao is also a shadow soldier. After Su Chan finished speaking, he looked expectantly at the survivor to see if there was any change, but found that he was still the same as before. This puzzled Su Chun, could it be something's not right? Or is there something that was overlooked? Or is this not the correct approach? Lord Such Chan, only I, the village chief, can bestow names and allow outsiders to join my Yao family village as my villagers. However, I refuse to bestow names upon your shadow soldier. Jung Fuguay said, "Upon hearing this, Such Chin suddenly understood." So that's how it is. You demonic orb, you finally done something good. Such Chin sneered. Countless shadow swords gathering around him. Die. Countless shadow swords simultaneously struck the villagers and in an instant all of them were pierced through and died. Of the survivors, only the village chief remains. Since these villagers are determined to die, then Suchin doesn't recommend being a good person. He has already mastered the method to pass the level. So, there is no need to keep these demon pills alive. This scene left the spirit of the ruins even more bewildered. Is Such Chun some kind of demon? He just slaughtered all the villagers? No. Is Such Chun here to challenge the level or to kill someone? However, one thing is certain. Such Chun has no hope in the first stage. Tsk tsk Such Chun will soon see you transformed into a skeleton. Chapter 181. Perfect pass. Dark element characteristic stone. Not only was the spirit of the ruins utterly bewildered, but the Dragon Kingdom viewers who were watching with baited breath were also completely baffled. What kind of ridiculous rules are these? They're so underhanded. Are all the people in this village reincarnations of demons? Yeah, but I really don't understand Su Chen's behavior. Why did he kill all the other villagers? Isn't he just driving himself to his doom? He must have already given up. What a pity. Susan failed in the first round. It's so disappointing. In the front row of the audience, Zing Tian and frowned, his eyes revealing deep worry. Was Suchin really going to lose like this? The situation now seems hopeless as the death toll has already far exceeded 10. Alas, what a pity for Su Chan, this peerless genius. Chu Xianin deliberately raised his voice. He felt incredibly relieved. In his view, Su Chun was bound to lose. In the current situation, what could he possibly use to turn the tide? There's only one villager left. It's a complete dead end. Chu Shian, don't be so hypocritical. The game isn't over yet, and the outcome is still uncertain. Principal Zong, why deceive yourself? It's obvious that Such Chun is powerless to change anything. I'm not fooling myself. Such never plays by the rules and he won't fail easily. Such Chan would definitely break down in such a desperate situation. However, Such Chun in the picture was unusually calm with no panic in his eyes. This gave Zing Tian a thought. Such Chun might have a chance to turn the tide. Haha, what a huge joke. I want to see how he turns the tables, Chu Xian said excitedly. Not only did Chu Xian think that Such Chun would definitely lose the first round, but most of the people present also shared the same opinion. The five-star difficulty level was practically an insurmountable barrier. Even someone as exceptionally talented as Such Chun would find it difficult to pass. 2 days later, only a few minutes remained until the end of the first stage. Ah, that feels so good. Suchin stepped out of the demon god register with a contented smile on his face. Tsk tsk taking a nap before dying. Interesting. The voice of the spirit of the ruins in the sky was full of sarcasm. Who wants to die? Who else could it be? You only have one villager left. So, who do you think died? Why are you in such a hurry if I'm not even in a hurry? You're still being stubborn even when you're about to die. Soon you'll be a skeleton, and I'll crush you with my own hands. Suchin chuckled lightly. It was time to turn the tide. He found the sole survivor and declared, "Jangf Fuguay, you are now my village chief. Sir, I refuse to be your village chief. I want to live and die with this village. Go to hell." In Su Chens eyes, and his shadow sword instantly materialized. A flash of cold light pierced through the air, cleaving Jeang Fugu in two, wanting to be the village chief even in death. "How laughable!" the spirit of the ruins mocked. "Oh, is that so? Then let me show you what a comeback from the brink of defeat really is. Such Chens eyes. With a wave of his hand, he mobilized his army and tens of thousands of shadow soldiers emerged like a black torrent. I, Such Chun, and the new village chief of Yaoja village, and you are all subjects of Yaoja village. You all share the surname Yao. This is a highstakes gamble, betting on the deeper meaning behind the rules, betting on whether the rules want him to survive. Har suchin, are you playing house? The spirit of the ruins burst into laughter. However, the next second, something unexpected happened. The number of survivors in Yaoa village skyrocketed to over 10,000, far exceeding the 290 survivors required to pass the level. Seeing this, Such Chun breathed a huge sigh of relief. This time, his gamble had paid off. The old Yaoja village has been destroyed, so he can become the new village chief of Yaoja village. He also has the power to give others the surname Yao and to allow them to join Yao Family Village. And this is the only way to pass the first level of the five-star challenge, rescue. Three days have ended. Five-star difficulty. The trial to save Su Chun has been perfectly completed. Congratulations to Such Chun for becoming the only one among 618,787 trial participants in history to pass the first stage at five-star difficulty. Congratulations, Suchin. You have obtained one of three relic treasure chests to choose from. Above the sky, three golden light curtains slowly appeared, followed by three different colored relic treasure chests. Holy crap, there's an unexpected surprise. Suchin's eyes gleamed with excitement of the ruins witnessing this scene was deeply shocked like a surging sea and could not calm down for a long time. Suchin actually passed the level and even got the chance to choose a treasure chest. He actually managed to clear a level with a five-star difficulty rating. Such Chun, you cheated? The spirit of the ruins roared angrily. Cheating? The village is destroyed. What's wrong with me taking over the inheritance? Luckily, he's a dark type user. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to create so many shadow soldiers. Damn it, Suchin. You deserve to die. How dare you pass this test. You incompetent piece of trash. If you can't do it, don't blame Lu booping. I don't believe you can stay smug until the next level. Suchin ignored him. The victor doesn't bother with the loser. Only the loser gets angry and frustrated. Trial participants, please choose one of the three treasures from the ruins. The golden light screen above the sky reminded them once again. Suchin looked at the three treasure chests which were gold, silver, and bronze in color. The spirit of the ruins also noticed the three treasure chests. It narrowed its eyes, secretly using its abilities to see through all three chests, and a wicked smile curled at the corner of its mouth. Such Chun, choose the golden treasure chest. The golden one is the best. The golden treasure chest is indeed the best, but it uses reverse thinking. It deliberately lets Suchin choose because it was certain that he wouldn't choose that one. In this way, Suchin won't be able to get the best thing. Thanks, I'll take the gold one. He stroed forward and hugged the golden treasure chest tightly. Luckily, he had a detection ability. He could tell at a glance whether the contents of the chest were good or bad. The spirit of the ruins was startled. Such Chun, that treasure chest is really trash. Don't choose it. Hey, I'm going to choose anyway. Suchin opened the golden treasure chest directly. A dark elemental stone appeared in the air, emitting a rich dark elemental light. Dark Element characteristic stone, an extremely rare treasure. After absorbing it, you can randomly learn a new dark elemental ability and gain a new characteristic. Su Chin's eyes lit up instantly as he read the description. He had never heard of this in China before. This is absolutely a top tier treasure that could only exist in the universe. You know, some of these features are absolutely amazing. For example, his eternal knight now has a dark element characteristic stone. As long as he refineses and absorbs it, his dark element ability will gain an additional characteristic. Others with SS level elemental abilities only have two characteristics, but he has three. How can the opponent possibly fight against him? The spirit of the ruins was heartbroken. That dark elemental stone was incredibly valuable in the universe. There were only a few good items in the entire ruins treasure chest, and Such Chun had already taken one of them. And why is Such Chin so obedient? Wasn't the reverse thinking supposed to work? Why isn't it having any effect at all? Chapter 182 surrounded on all sides a full-scale counterattack. Before the spirit of the ruins could recover from its shock and bewilderment, a dazzling white light flashed by and Such Chun was teleported to the trial grounds of the second level. Second trial, surrounded by enemies on all sides. Trialist Such Chun, your overall rating is four stars because trial participant Such Chun achieved five stars in the first trial. The second trial has been upgraded from four stars to five stars. Trial participant Su Chun is requested to lead 100,000 remnant troops against an army of 800,000 demonic beasts and hold out for 3 days. Due to the trial participant Su Chin's five-star difficulty, the difficulty has increased. Trial participant Su Chun is requested to lead 10,000 remnant troops to defend against an army of 3 million demonic beasts for one week. H kid, there are no shortcuts or tricks in this level. The spirit of the ruins looked at the difficulty and rules of the second level with a gloating expression. This stage is a brutal test of combat capabilities and command wisdom. It is a fierce contest of strength, not a stage that can be easily passed by relying on some tricks. Suchin showed no fear whatsoever. On the contrary, he was filled with excitement. So what if 10,000 beats 3 million? In his view, the advantage is completely in his grasp. What defense? Sorry, he wants a full-on offensive. His shadow legion is eager to make its mark on the battlefield. In ancient times, 3,000 you soldiers could conquer Woo. Today, 10,000 remnant troops can annihilate a million monsters. H Why does this kid look so excited? The spirit of the ruins muttered to itself. Could it be that they were terrified by the terrifying difficulty of the trial? After thinking it over, that's probably the only possibility. Spirit of the ruins, can you tell me how many other trial participants are left? Unfortunately, there are four of us, including you. Suchin's expression tightened instantly. He thought that the others who passed the first test were probably Kong Ling, Mushwer, and Shinyang. Thanks. You're thanking me. I'll see you get crushed by those monsters later. Such Chan ignored it and quietly waited for the 10-minute countdown to end, preparing to face the challenge of the second level. On Kong Llings side, the second level is only two stars. It seems my skills have been recognized. Kong Lling was panting, a smug look on his face as he looked at the rules of the second level. His legs went weak and he collapsed to the ground. I wonder how many stars the difficulty level of Su Chin's first and second challenges will be. He confidently thought that Such Chin should be about the same as him. After all, they are all SS level ability users. Such Chin's first challenge will most likely be a one-star difficulty level, and the second challenge will be at most a two-star difficulty level. Thinking of this, a bright smile appeared on his face. It seems that I'm about the same as Such Chun, or even a step above him. However, what he didn't know was that Such Chin's two challenges were both extremely difficult, each rated five stars, a stark contrast to his own situation. 10 minutes later, the second challenge, surrounded by enemies on all sides, began on time, and Su Chun was teleported to a devastated battlefield. The air was thick with the stench of blood and the smell of death. The earth was stained dark red with blood, and severed limbs were scattered everywhere, leaving a scene of utter devastation. In the center of the battlefield, there were only 10,000 exhausted and bloodstained soldiers. Are you the new general? The leader, Lee Shinkuan, had a glimmer of light in his previously dim eyes. He struggled to his feet and asked expectantly, "Yes, I am the new general. How is the situation?" Originally, the army numbered over 90,000, but after a fierce battle, only 10,000 remain, all at around the fourth rank. Meanwhile, the enemy still has 3 million demonic beasts. most of whom are also at the fourth rank. "I'm late. Thank you for your hard work," Su Chin said softly. "It's not hard work. Only with a country can there be a home. Now is a time of life and death for our nation," Liin Coin said slowly turning around to look at the exhausted soldiers behind him. "Rise, men who refuse to be slaves." Upon hearing this, Such Chun felt a sudden shock. The words at the critical moment of life and death and men who refuse to be slaves struck his heart like a heavy hammer. Fight to the death even if it means death. We will not become slaves to those who control the monsters. Another soldier, despite his exhaustion, stood up unsteadily and shouted loudly, "Fight to the bitter end. Fight to the bitter end. Only with a country can there be a home. Only with a home can our wives, children, and elderly parents live in peace and safety." Brothers, fight to the death with our new leader. Immediately, public sentiment was aroused and morale soared. As Suchin looked at the tragic yet inspiring scene before him, his blood boiled like surging magma. Despite knowing that everything before him might be an illusion, an irrepressible sense of mission welled up deep within him. How can patriots allow their dignity to be wantingly bullied and trampled upon by those vicious monsters? Even if this is just an illusion of unknown authenticity, who can say for sure that it won't be a cruel preview of reality? Just as the soldiers morale was high, the earth suddenly began to tremble violently. Immediately afterwards, from all directions, a vast dark mass of over hundreds of thousands of demons surged forth like a raging tide. They opened their gaping m greedily eyeing the countless soldiers. Suchin remained calm and asked loudly, "Are you afraid? Don't be afraid. Don't be afraid. Don't be afraid. Three synchronized and deafening shouts soared into the sky. All right, Such Chan whirled around, the demonic sighthe of slaughter instantly materializing in his hand. Everyone, this is the final battle. Brothers, let us die with our general on the battlefield. Let our corpses build a new wall. Let it be the last line of defense protecting our homeland. The soldiers shouted in unison. Not one of them was afraid. Not one of them retreated. They were determined to die. Looking at these soldiers who were ready to die for their cause, how could Such Chun let these loyal and brave men sacrifice themselves in vain? Even if all of this is fictional, feelings can still arise, just like the feelings one has for those deeply ingrained anime and two-dimensional virtual characters. What's more, in front of us is a group of patriots who are full of love for their country and their people. The thought flashed through Su Chin's mind, and the system panel instantly opened. system. Upgrade my boundless spirit source technique to the fourth level. Spending 400,000 kill points, the spirit source boundless technique has successfully reached the fourth level. As the system notification sound faded, the source energy within Such Chin's body surged instantly. The source energy, which was originally like a gentle stream, expanded wildly in an instant, increasing dozens of times, making it resemble a raging, unstoppable river. At this moment, although the source energy within his body is only at the fourth level, its reserves are comparable to those of a seventh level expert, powerful and vast. Suchin's lips curled up slightly. Abundant source energy meant that his shadow legion would become even stronger. Suan, you're not planning to use 10,000 troops to counterattack a 3 million monster army, are you? The spirit of the ruins asked curiously, its face full of doubt. So what? Wishful thinking. The spirit of the ruins sneered disdainfully. Upon hearing this, Suchin's lips curled into a cold smile as he said. "Then let me show you my shadow legion." As soon as he finished speaking, he waved his hand and the entire battlefield instantly changed dramatically. The dense dark elements like a black torrent frantically converged, swirling and coalescing, gradually transforming into a series of agile shadow soldiers. 1,000 3,000 10,000 20,000 30,000 until 30,000 shadow soldiers and 30 shadow generals appeared in unison before everyone's eyes. This how could there be so many? The spirit of the ruins stared wideeyed, its face filled with shock, its jaw almost dropping to the ground. Just a few days ago, Such Chun could only summon 10,000 shadow soldiers, but now he can summon as many as 30,000. This terrifying growth rate is simply unbelievable. I have to thank you a lot, Suchin said, pointing the demonic sighthe at the demon king. At the same time, both the real soldiers and the shadow legion raised their arms. All soldiers, listen to my command. Follow me and launch a counterattack. Chapter 183. Sued Shun at his peak. Absolute crushing victory. The soldiers were initially stunned by the sight of the dark mass of shadowy soldiers, but then they were overjoyed. Brothers, General Such Chen's power is boundless. Victory in this battle is assured. Fight with blood as ink and bones as monuments. Defend our homeland. The roars shook the heavens and the momentum of tens of thousands of soldiers actually overwhelmed the roars of hundreds of thousands of demonic beasts. Although the opposing monsters number in the hundreds of thousands, while they only have tens of thousands, what is there to fear? With General Suchin around, they have nothing to fear. The corners of Su Chins lips, a dark glint flashing in his eyes. Let this feast come even more fiercely. As soon as the sound faded, two dark patterns suddenly lit up. The war banner on the left hand shone brightly, and the black dragon claw on the right hand gleamed with scales, its dragon might faintly revealed. At the same time, the sky changed color and two bright moons appeared out of nowhere. Their silvery light intertwining with the dark mist, clearly signaling the start of eternal night. In an instant, the aura of all the shadow soldiers surged twofold. Suchin's own supernatural energy surged like a tide, its power doubling. In this battle, he wants an absolute crushing victory. It should be noted that the shadow soldiers formed by SS level superpowers already overwhelm those of the same level. Now with the power amplified twice, they are capable of taking on 10 opponents at once, as if they were in an empty field. Round and round, Such Chan leaped into the air, his robes fluttering as the dark elves flew out like streaks of shadowy light. Elemental treasures given to her by Liing. She has reached the 10th level of the second tier. Her height has increased to 1.4 4 m and her dark shadow aura has become even stronger. She transformed into a ray of dark light and plunged into Such Chin's body. The moment they merged, the dark elements around Such Chun went berserk. The increase was even more terrifying. At this moment, his strength, speed, and power intensity had all reached unprecedented peaks. It's important to know that the higher the level of the group, the stronger the boost. Die. With shadow flash activated, Such Chin's figure transformed into an elusive dark light, appearing at the heart of the beast Tide, directly confronting the leader of the demon beast kings, the devouring demon lion. This demonic lion was as large as a mountain, its body covered in jet black scales, and its mane burned like ink flames. It roared and slammed its thick front paws down on Such Chun with a powerful gust of wind. Suchin's killing demon sythe suddenly appeared from its sheath, actually severing the devouring demon lion's claws. The severed claw hit the ground, blood gushing out like a fountain. Such Chan hovered in midair, his purple star-like eyes filled with contempt. In my full glory, "You are nothing but an ant in my eyes." He was at his peak condition at the moment, while the devouring demon lion, although it had a king- level bloodline, was only at the fourth level, second stage, and was no match for him at all. The devouring lion let out a miserable cry, staring at Such Chun with a completely bewildered expression, its crimson eyes filled with disbelief. How could this seemingly insignificant human possess such terrifying power? Before it could react, Su Chun attacked again, wielding the killing demon scythe, and several crescent-shaped scythe beams rushed straight at the devouring demon lion. The devouring demon lion's demonic energy surged, and a thick black mist instantly enveloped it, attempting to block the side's edge. However, the sounds of flesh being pierced rang out one after another. The black mist was easily torn apart, and several huge, deep wounds that revealed the bone appeared on the demonic lion's body in an instant. Black blood gushed out, and it convulsed in pain. It panicked completely. The human in front of it was a monster. Roar! The devouring lion roared, summoning its companions. Countless demonic beasts swarmed forward, attempting to cover its retreat. But the lion, with its tail between its legs, turned and fled. There's no escaping it. Such Chun sneered, raised his left hand, and dark elements around him frantically condensed, transforming into a shadow dragon, guided by Su Chun, the shadow dragon soared into the sky, then locked onto the devouring demon lion and swooped down. As it swooped down, the shadow dragon's body continued to expand, eventually transforming into a true dragon that blotted out the sky. Its majestic power causing the monsters below to tremble in fear. Boom! After a loud bang, the shadow dragon slammed into the devouring demon lion, smashing it and a large number of surrounding demonic beasts into a bloody mess with black blood and bits of flesh splattering all over the ground. With the death of the demon king, the remaining demons instantly collapsed and fled in all directions. The leader is dead. How are they going to hold a trade fair? Such Chin's eyes flashed with killing intent. His purple star-like pupils sweeping over the fleeing demonic beasts. Leave no one alive. Condensing into hundreds, thousands, even tens of thousands of shadow swords. This is the true realm battle record, shadow sword dance. With the addition of Such Chin's multiple enhancements, each shadow sword contains earthshattering power, a volley of 10,000 swords. Such Chan unleashed tens of thousands of shadow swords like a meteor shower. Each sword precisely locking onto a demon beast. As the sword light flashed, the demon beast was decapitated, not even having time to let out a scream. In an instant, the battlefield was a wash with blood. Corpses littered the ground and the dark element and the stench of blood permeated the heavens and earth. In the distance, the soldiers who were fighting a bloody battle saw this scene. Their faces filled with fervor and excitement. God. The general is a god. Even the king level demon beasts have been slain. Brothers, kill them. Kill. Counterattack. Launch a fierce attack. Crush these beasts to dust. Charge for our country, for our general. Slay all the monsters. The soldiers morale sword. And the originally passive battle situation was instantly reversed. This battle was a complete victory for Such Chan, who was outnumbered, but at the peak of his power. The spirit of the ruins remained silent for a long time. Its tone filled with shock and confusion. This Such Chun is too strange. Not only was the power of the dark element ridiculously strong, but those shadow soldiers were also extremely terrifying. What was most unbelievable to it was that Such Chun actually possessed a dark element pet, a dark elf. It should be known that there is only one dark elf among all the elements in the universe. The value of dark elves is immeasurable. After reaching adulthood, they can bring unparalleled boosts. Even the geniuses of the strongest dark star field in the universe have searched for hundreds of years without finding one. Yet, the humans on this tiny planet possess such a treasure. Such Chun, where did your dark elves come from? You believe it was stolen? It's possible it was stolen. After all, the system is capable of anything. Absurd, the spirit of the ruins roared, then softened its tone, becoming coaxing. How about this, Such Chun? You give me the dark elf, and I'll give you all the treasures of the entire ruins. Idiot, Suchin scoffed. I wouldn't trade you for my mother. Tuanchin already had such a terrifying boost in her childhood. It's unimaginable how much boost she will have when she grows into adolescence and adulthood. What's more, Towanchuin also has a second form that hasn't been unlocked yet. You, the spirit of the ruins, trembled with rage. I'll see how long your source energy can last. It didn't believe that Su Chan could sustain the consumption of so many shadow soldiers indefinitely. Suchin's purple eyes. Oh, then you can keep watching. He stepped forward, his voice echoing across the entire battlefield. Do not pursue a desperate enemy. The entire army must regroup. Repelling a wave of beasts is nothing. His target is the monsters lair. What if there are 3 million monsters in the lair? At worst, we'll fight them until the end of time until they're all bloodied and battered. Chapter 184. Destroying a 500,000 strong beast tied in 3 minutes. My name is Such Chan. Remember that. At this moment, the atmosphere in the Godser arena was extremely heated. All eyes were focused on Su Shan in the picture, and everyone was deeply impressed by his extraordinary wisdom and powerful strength. My god, you're still the same Susan. You passed the first level perfectly. Awesome. I never dreamed I could get through like that. How much does Susan have brains? I'd buy two of them. What's so special about that? Susan's wisdom is only part of it. His formidable strength is what's truly astonishing, isn't it? Exactly. Look at me, Susan. Killing a king-level demonic beast is as easy as slaughtering a dog. Everyone stood up, their eyes shining with admiration. In this era that values defending one's country and showcasing the true nature of manhood, Suchin's performance is undoubtedly a heroic example in everyone's hearts. Old Dog Chu, didn't you swear that Suchin wouldn't be able to pass the first test? You even boasted that he wouldn't be able to pass the second test either. What do you say now? Zung tienin was blunt and directly called old ancestor Chu old dog Chu. Seeing Chu Schwanins disgusting expression as if he had eaten excrement. Zung Tianin felt extremely pleased. Protecting one's home and country is a belief in everyone's heart and whether it is true or not, it deserves full support. Chu Xianin, however, was hoping for Su Chin's failure. Even wishing that he would be crushed by the demon beasts. Such dark thoughts were truly disgusting. Chuanin's face turned extremely ugly as if he had eaten 60,000 tons of excrement. His face flushed red, but he couldn't utter a single word. In the first round, he was certain that Such Chun would lose. But who would have thought that the kid would handle it with such ease? In the second challenge, he expected Su Chun to be surrounded and killed by the monsters. But he did not expect that Su Chun would not only not back down, but would take the initiative to counterattack. He cursed inwardly, wondering why Su Chan was so difficult to deal with. At this moment, he didn't even dare to look Singten in the eye or speak to him. His heart was filled with fear. Who knew if Su Chin still had any hidden strength? He figured that Such Chin probably wasn't hiding his strength anymore. After all, if there were any hidden methods, that would be truly outrageous and beyond his comprehension. At this moment, the entire Dragon Kingdom was a buzz with excitement because of Su Chin's outstanding performance. People spread his deeds far and wide. A god indeed a god. Kun mountains daughter, how could you bear to come back? Black Chilean. Ming Tion looked at the peach in front of him, his tone tinged with reproach, but his deep eyes were full of love. Peach playfully stuck out her tongue. Dad, I just missed you so much. As she spoke, she took the initiative to step forward and affectionately massage the black unicorn shoulders. Daughter, there's no reason for your kindness to come up with something. You must have something to say about this. Can I even give my dad a shoulder massage as a daughter? How could you think of me like that, Dad? Peach said, figning anger. Okay, I won't ask unless it's something else. No, no, no, Peach quickly interjected. Dad, I need to ask you for a favor. Tell me, what kind of help could make you come back on your own initiative, my dear daughter? It must be something special. It's obvious that Peach came back to help with this. I know a good friend in the human world. His uncle was captured by the Lynn family of Kun Mountain. He wants you to help him destroy the Lind family, Peach said in one breath. Is that all? Daughter, you've changed. I remember you weren't this kind-hearted or so nosy before. No way. I've always been a very kind person. Okay, Dad. You can't wrong me. Peach quickly retorted. The Black Chillin chuckled. Then his tone turned serious. Is someone using you? No. You can go find your old rival to find out what happened, and you'll know what's going on. Blackchilla nodded. All right, I don't even consider a small Lynn family a threat. Although he is the embodiment of disaster, a monstrous beast that strikes fear into the hearts of all, he does not actually enjoy killing. Unfortunately, fate played a cruel trick on him and he was enveloped by a fragment of spacetime and brought to this small planet. It's fortunate that it was him. If it were any other calamity beast, this star would probably have ceased to exist long ago. Head's the best. Peach's face lit up with a bright smile. Why have you become so sweet talking after just one trip outside? The black chillin asked with a smile. No way. I'm just happy. How could she not be happy? If she could help Such Chin solve this problem, her future culinary needs would be taken care of. Black Chin just smiled and stopped dwelling on the topic. I'll go ask my old rival about the situation. If the Lynn family is truly guilty of heinous crimes, then my dear daughter, you should send your friend to Kun Mountain and I'll join him in destroying the Lynn family. Yay, Dad. Dad's the best. Little Peach was overjoyed and gave Black Chin a big hug. The Black Chin patted her head with a mixture of helplessness and affection, then headed towards the Chin family's location in Kun Mountain. The Zuga family of Kun Mountain. As expected, those with a black destiny will not die easily. Zuka Zhong Xan looked at the live broadcast screen in front of him and slowly spoke. "Luckily, I listened to Brotherhung Xans advice and didn't go against Such Chun. Otherwise, we would be in trouble now," Kong Wean said with lingering fear. "Such Chun is unfathomable and should not be provoked." "I just wonder how Such Chun managed to bring about the annihilation of the Lynn family." Juga Jong Xan frowned slightly and said, puzzled. He had repeatedly calculated the outcome over the past few days. But the result was still that the Lynn family would not escape the annihilation of the entire clan. He simply couldn't understand what methods Such Chun had to accomplish all of this. No matter how he does it, I believe he can do it. He now finally understands the saying that circulates in the world. If there is Such Chun, then Sue Such Chun. If there is no Such Chun, then Sue randomly. The value of this statement continues to rise. Whenever you feel that Such Chan is about to die or be defeated, he always manages to make a comeback and create miracles. It can only be said that he is indeed the only person in the world with a seven-star black destiny. Alas, it seems that the century old relationship between Kun Mountain and the secular world is about to be changed by Su Chun alone. Zhua Xhong Xan said with emotion. If Such Chan successfully grows to the 10th level with his talent and strength, he will probably be invincible. At that time, the majesty of Kun Mountain will be completely trampled under his feet by Such Chan. The long-standing balance between the Dragon Kingdoms Kun Mountains and the secular world will be broken. I never imagined that a teenager would have the opportunity to break this deadlock, Kong Weighan remarked with emotion. He had anticipated this day would come, but he never expected that it would be a young boy who would break this pattern. Zhuga Zhong Xan smiled and said, "Let's continue watching the competition. If all goes well, within 10 years, there will be no longer any distinction between the Kunloon Mountains and the secular world. Inside the ruins, Hara, I, the son of light, am awesome." Kong Lling laughed heartily, his face full of pride. He repelled all the previous waves of attacks from the monsters with his powerful strength. "I will say it again. I am the son of light and with light I am invincible," he proclaimed loudly. "Um, could I ask about Su Chins progress in this level?" Kongling suddenly asked, looking up at the sky. No one else was worth his attention. His only opponent was Such Chun. He thought to himself that Such Chun s progress in this level probably couldn't compare to his. After all, his area of effect attacks are quite formidable. Such Chin's latest progress on the second level destroyed a 500,000 monster tide in 3 minutes and dealt with a fourth tier second level king level monster in 1 minute blankly at the golden light screen in the sky. What the heck? It wiped out a 500,000 strong beast horde in 3 minutes. What exactly is this light screen saying? What do you mean by repelling a 500,000 strong beast tide in 3 minutes? Keep in mind that the total number of monsters in Kong Llings level was only 1 million and Such Chan in just the first wave of the Beast Tide had a staggering 500,000. They think they can beat us in 3 minutes. Chapter 185 six stars life and death. What? You're not kidding, are you? Kong Lling couldn't believe what she was hearing. No, everything I said is true. You were the one who asked about the progress. A hint of embarrassment flashed across Kong Llings face. He thought to himself, "I asked you a question and you just blurted it all out." "Ahemhem, how many stars did Su Chan get in the second level?" He was unwilling to accept it and asked again, hoping that the answer would make him feel better. Five stars. Upon hearing this, Kong Llings anticipation was instantly extinguished. Such Chun was only five stars. He had always naively believed that Suchin only had two stars, and this huge discrepancy was hard for him to accept. He took a deep breath, suppressing his shock, and continued to ask, "How many stars did Su Chun get in the first level?" "Five stars." Kong Lling stared at the incredibly glaring words, "Five stars." Felt a wave of dizziness wash over him. His legs went weak, and he collapsed to the ground. "Fuck your sister, I asked you. So why don't you just say yes? Can't you just not tell me?" He roared angrily, feeling as if a million alpacas were stampeding through his mind. He always thought that the gap between himself and Such Chun was not big, perhaps only one or two stars. But reality was so cruel. Suchin started with five stars and successfully passed the level. He simply couldn't understand how he had managed to get five stars on the first level. What was initially thought to be a small gap now appears to be an insurmountable chasm, bottomless and unfathomable. Click. It was as if something shattered within him. It was the sound of his Dao heart breaking. This was the third time his Dao heart had been shattered since he descended the mountain, and each time it was because of Such Chun. At this moment, another wave of monstrous beasts attacked, bearing their fangs and claws. Kong Llings face was filled with despair and exhaustion. Destroy me. I'm tired. Half a day later. General, what should we do next? Lieuan asked respectfully. Suchin stood up. You know where that monster's lair is, right? I understand, General. You mean that's right. If we're going to fight, well just take down their base. Upon hearing this, Lienuin nodded quickly. All right, General, follow me. Then Lienkinuin led the way, taking Su Chin eastward. Half a day later, they finally arrived at a desolate forest area. General, this is the layer of the monsters. Liinkuan pointed ahead. Suchin frowned. I didn't see any demonic beasts. He looked around, but didn't find any signs of the demonic beasts gathering as he had imagined. General, that old man up ahead is the core source of the demonic beasts. Lienuan quickly explained, pointing to a spot not far away. Suchin looked in the direction he was pointing and saw a hunched old man in a black robe standing on a grave. The old man in black robes turned around, looked at Su Chun, and a look of surprise appeared on his face. Oh, you're the one who repelled my beast tide. Exactly. Very good, kid. You are the first trial participant to achieve such an outstanding result at the five-star difficulty level. A hint of admiration flashed in the old man's eyes. Then I will go even further. Boy, just fall right here. If you kill me, you'll be cursed and the third level will become a six-star difficulty level. Suchin was taken aback. There was a six-star difficulty level. Moreover, what kind of level is this third level? If I don't kill you, I won't be able to get past this second trial. Suchin said without backing down. You don't have to go through it. How about I let you leave this ruin directly? The old man in black robes tried to tempt her when his threats failed. Suchin did not hesitate at all. No need. I will break through this so-called ruins trial. He couldn't leave. He hadn't yet mastered the secret technique that could turn slain creatures into skeletons. And that was a goal he had to achieve. Very well. Then let's see if you have the ability to kill me. Seeing that Such Chan remained unmoved, the old man in black robes became enraged and gripped his staff tightly. In an instant, nearly three million monsters surged out like a tidal wave, densely packed and blotting out the sky. Meanwhile, on Such Chen's side, the shadow soldiers also appeared, their amplification abilities fully activated. The two sides collided instantly, and blood splattered everywhere with flesh and blood flying in all directions. Curse of Fate. The blackroed elder waved his staff and a cursed light filled with evil shone directly on Such Chun. However, just a few seconds later, the cursed light vanished like a bubble. Oh, how lucky. The old man in black robes showed a hint of surprise. His life curse had a 90% chance of succeeding. Once successful, the cursed person would die instantly from any blow. Suchin managed to escape this first curse by sheer luck. Suchin pondered to himself, "A curse ability? Curses and supernatural abilities are extremely difficult to deal with. He's even planning to develop in that direction. Again, the blackroed elder was unwilling to accept defeat and activated another curse ability. The curse light shining on Such Chin once again. However, the cursed light vanished without a trace. 2 seconds later, what? The curse failed twice. The old man in black robes leaned forward, his eyes almost popping out of their sockets. What's going on? The success rate is 90%. He washed his face carefully today, so why is he so unlucky? Seeing this, Such Chun understood that the black robed old man's curse was a matter of probability. However, all he could say was, "Sorry, I recently made a contract with Peach, which increased my luck by 300%." It's important to know that the power of luck far outweighs that of good fortune. As things stand, unless the other party is 100% certain to succeed in cursing, the probability of a successful curse is almost zero. Come on, let's continue. Such Chan said provocatively. I don't believe it. The blackroed elder was furious and unleashed a barrage of curses at Such Chan. Nearly dozens of cursed lights shown on Such Chun at the same time, and for a moment, Such Chan was shrouded in an evil light. However, a few seconds later, only a wisp of cursed light remained. Har. Finally, the curse has finally succeeded. The old man in black robes was overjoyed, a maniacal smile spreading across his face. Suchin looked at the curse radiating golden light and investigated it. Name: Suchun, the cursed disaster victim. Cursed light successfully cast curse. Guaranteed cure can be used on yourself or others. After a successful curse, the next attack from either yourself or another will be tripled in power and will always hit the opponent. Note, success rate for the curse is 0.01%. Suchin almost burst out laughing when he saw this. The bad news is that I've been successfully cursed. The good news is that it's actually a curse that's in my favor. All I can say is that this is truly the fortune bestowed by the chillin. It's incredibly blessed. Hey, why don't you sense what kind of curse is on me? Such Chan said jokingly. The old man in black robes was stunned. He frowned, sensed it, and was completely dumbfounded. What? A guaranteed curse? You actually succeeded with such a low success rate. He felt his worldview was about to collapse. A curse with a 90% probability of failure could fail, but a curse with a 0.01% probability of success could succeed. How could this be justified? Goodbye. Such Chan was too lazy to waste words with him and the shadow dragon soared into the air and pounced on the blackroed old man. No. The old man in black robes tried to dodge, but due to Such Chin's curse, he was unable to escape. Boy, I curse you with my own life. In an instant, before the shadow dragon could strike, the curse took effect, turning him into a dried up corpse and causing him to fall to the ground. At the same time, the entire army of demonic beasts vanished without a trace. Before Such Chun could feel joy, rows of golden light curtains appeared in the sky. Congratulations to Such Chun for achieving a perfect pass of the second stage of the five-star challenge for the first time in his history. Due to the curse of the old man in black robes, your third level will be upgraded from four stars to an unprecedented six stars. The third trial is titled Life and Death. Chapter 186, level four, the ultimate battle. Six-star difficulty, life and death. Please select the level content. Gate of life, gate of death. Note, the path of cultivation is not just about fighting and killing. Luck is also a very important element. Such Chun stared at the faintly glowing light screen in front of him, his eyes filled with confusion. What exactly is this so-called choice between the gate of life and the gate of death? Um, there's something I don't understand. Could you explain it in more detail? Should we proceed directly to the challenge? The screen seemed not to hear Su Chin's words and continued to flash the message. Su Chan pursed his lips helplessly. Start. In an instant, a dazzling light enveloped Such Chun. And before he knew it, he had been teleported to the third trial site. A test of life and death. Here, all was quiet with 10 tall doors neatly arranged in front of him. Life and death. The trial participants must choose between the gates of life and death. Since the trial participant, Su Chun is at six-star difficulty. The difficulty has increased to 9 out of 10 chances of survival. Each choice will only result in a gate of life. All others will lead to death. Then the light screen lit up again, explaining the rules in detail. Such Chun nodded silently, suddenly realizing, "So that's how it is. It's all about luck. This challenge may seem easy, but it actually depends entirely on one's luck and fortune. Such Chin stood before the 10 doors, stroking his chin, pondering to himself. Will the fortune brought by the chin protect me and help me choose the gate of life. Above the sky, the spirit of the ruins floated silently. This time it said nothing. After all, it only had two words to describe Su Chun. Outrageous. The final boss of the previous level, the cursed messenger, was originally set to be invincible. If Such Chan were to be cursed, he would be doomed. However, in reality, it was just an NPC that summoned monsters. However, Suchin managed to defeat this NPC, which the Spirit of the Ruins still finds unbelievable. It squinted, staring intently at Such Chun, who was deep in thought. This level involves nine life or death choices. You can't possibly make all of them correctly. Surely no one can really be that lucky. Such Chin stared at the 10 doors, lost in thought for a long time. Finally, he gritted his teeth and decided to entrust his fate to the luck brought by the peach. In this stage, it's truly a matter of whoever has the worst luck will face death. Peach, my life is in your hands. Such sighed deeply, his heart filled with a resolute determination to gamble everything. There are no tricks to passing this level. It all depends on how lucky you are. Then Such Chun took a deep breath of the cold air and casually walked into a door. Inside 10 more doors stood neatly arranged. Suchin was slightly takenback. H what's going on here? Beyond the gate of life lies another gate. Beyond the gate of death lies endless darkness. Congratulations on successfully making your choice once. You have eight more choices between life and death. The golden light screen flashed at the right moment, issuing a reminder. Is that so? Su Chun frowned slightly. A sense of helplessness welling up in his heart. Nine life or death choices. The difficulty is unimaginable. He took a deep breath, forcing himself to remain calm and said, "Whoever the little rooster points to, I'll choose." His finger casually pointed to the third door, and he walked in without hesitation. This time, it was still a choice among the 10 doors. It seems my guess was right. It wasn't just the good fortune brought by the Chilean that gave him confidence, but also the combination of being bound to the system and time traveling. He possesses a system above all else. How could his luck be bad? Right now, all he wants to say is, "Is that all?" That's it. Thinking about this, he muttered to himself, "So, what is the fourth level?" Suchin casually walked through a door. Behind it, there was another new door. This scene silenced the spirit of the ruins completely. It cursed inwardly, thinking, "I shouldn't have doubted that Su Chan would choose the death gate." Such Chin passed the test as if it were a game. He could throw dice and whoever the little rooster pointed at was the winner. No matter which door he went through, it was a door of life. The password is required. It's not open. It's not open. It can't think of any other obstacles that can punish Su Chun. Such Chun is really going to take away that treasure and that source blood. Just as the spirit of the ruins was puzzled, Such Chun had already successfully passed the third level. Congratulations to trial participant Su Chun for becoming the fastest person to clear the third stage. Now starting the fourth stage, the ultimate battle. Since trialist Such Chun achieved six stars in the third stage, the extreme battle has been upgraded. Trialist Such Chuan is required to complete three extreme challenges. Please complete this within 3 days. Failure will be considered a failure. The fourth level opened a flash of light and Such Chun was directly teleported to a place in the air. Here it was empty except for a golden investature of the gods scroll that radiated light. The investature of the gods lists the highest achievements of those who also reached the fourth level of the first stage of the realm. Moreover, it also contains detailed information about the challengers. SSS level superhumans, geniuses who have mastered the divine eye, all sorts of powerful figures are on the list. Getting on the list is simple. Just complete three extreme challenges in the fastest time to make it onto the list. However, what puzzled Su Chuan was that there seemed to be a fourth challenge above the three extreme challenges, but no one on the leaderboard had achieved the record of four extreme challenges. Ready to start the challenge? Hint, background, and consequences. Suchan was taken aback, not expecting this level to have a hint. Cause and effect. The hint was definitely not given for nothing, but Suchin couldn't figure out its meaning for the time being. Start the challenge. If I can't figure it out, I might as well not think about it and just start the challenge. The challenge began, and the entire sky instantly transformed into a sinister and terrifying black execution ground. In front of Suchin appeared a fourth tier, thirdle Kingle level mutated monster, the Shadow Mantis. Although the mantis looked like a mantis, it had a shadow-like shape, making it look particularly eerie, Suchin frowned and quickly activated the detection function. Name: Shadow Mantis. Type: Mutant. Realm level, fourth order, third level. Bloodline: King Level. Attribute: Dark. Note: A mutated species created when the shadow of the shadow mantis devours its main body. A powerful assassin. A mutant. Interesting. Such Chan sneered. A glint of excitement flashing in his eyes, and the killing demon's sighthe instantly materialized. Come fight with me. The shadow mantis did not respond. It did not give Suin a chance to react. In the blink of an eye, it appeared behind Su Chun and suddenly grabbed with its front claws. Clang. A crisp collision sounded and Such Chun was forced back two steps by the powerful force, secretly startled. So fast, such strength. No wonder the scene was set in the shadows. It was to make it easier for the Shadow Mantis to move around. However, Such Chan smiled disdainfully. Shadow, sorry. Shadow is the home turf of the Shadow King. Chapter 187. The immortal Phoenix. The foolish old man moves the mountain. Eternal Knight open of his hand. Suchin activated the power of Eternal Knight, shrouding the entire land in darkness. At the same time, the moon devouring Wolf King rushed out of the demon god record. Its realm was also suppressed to the fourth level first stage due to the limitations of the ruins. Wolf king, if you can't deal with this mantis, you're not worthy of the title of demon god. He still had great faith in the wolf king. The wolf king who possessed innate talent was a force to be reckoned with. The moon devouring wolf king's eyes instantly blazed with fury. How dare he be underestimated? Today he would make suchin look at him with new eyes. Before it could make a move, the shadow mantis appeared on its back and swung its sharp, forked claws out. Puff! A flash of blood appeared, and a shallow wound appeared on the wolf king's back. "A wo!" The wolf king cried out in pain and let out a mournful howl. However, in just a moment, the crescent moon between its brows shone brightly, and its moon form was activated. Its originally gay black fur turned into a dazzling silver white. The cool moonlight seemed to be summoned, gathering together to shine on the Wolf King. As the moonlight shone down, much of the thick darkness around us was dispelled. Shadow Manis's eyes flashed with disdain as it unleashed another fierce slash with its twin sides. This time, something unexpected happened. The Wolf King didn't even have a single wound on him. The moon devouring Wolf King snorted heavily, and a faint moonlight emanated from its body. With a sudden jolt, it sent the shadow slaying mantis flying. The shadow mantis like a shooting star. The shadow mantis hurriedly swung its huge pincers to defend itself, but was slapped hard by the wolf king and sent flying. The moon form was already incredibly powerful, and with the added blessing of the demon god's record, the wolf king's strength reached an even higher level. The force of the blow nearly shattered the shadow mantis into pieces, and its two pincers were covered in cracks. The shadow mantis's previously contemptuous gaze was instantly replaced by rage. It frantically absorbed the dark elements around it. And in the blink of an eye, countless mantises identical to it appeared out of thin air, swarming towards the moon devouring Wolf King like a group of deadly assassins. Wolf King, take care of it. The moon devouring Wolf King swung its claws fiercely, unleashing countless beams of moonlight like sharp blades. Wherever these beams reached, the shadow mantis clones were shattered, turning into clusters of black shadows. Then the wolf king howled to the sky, its roar shaking the surrounding area. The powerful sound waves like an invisible force stunned the shadow mantis, leaving it dizzy and frozen in place. Finally, the Wolf King gathered the immense power of the moon in the sky from its mouth, and a dazzling beam of moonlight shot out, directly shattering the shadow mantis into countless fragments that dissipated into the darkness. With the death of the shadow mantis, the surrounding scenery instantly distorted and changed, and everything returned to its original state. The first level of the extreme challenge has ended. Do you wish to start the second level? Yes. Such Chun made his choice without hesitation. We've already wasted too much time on the previous levels. So, we need to speed things up to rescue Hua Xang. No, it's not just about saving Hua and killing Xiang, but about eliminating a scourge for the people and destroying the Lynn family. Another dizzying sensation followed, and the scene abruptly changed. When Su Chan could see his surroundings again, he found himself in the middle of a blazing volcano. The scalding lava flowed freely beneath our feet, making a gurgling sound. All around, volcanoes spewed out scorching flames and thick smoke from time to time. A spectacular yet dangerous sight. H a volcano. And what kind of monster is it this time? Just then, a loud phoenix cry resounded through the sky. A phoenix flew down from the sky, its body ablaze with flames, its light dazzling like the sun. Name: Undying Phoenix. Realm level, fourth tier, fourth level. Bloodline, king level, talent, rebirth from the ashes. attribute fire note. Reborn from the ashes, immortal and indestructible. What? This is going up in intensity. Suchin exclaimed in surprise. Previously, they faced mutated species, but this time it turned out to be an immortal phoenix with heaven-deying talent. Moreover, the phoenix's rebirth from the ashes. Talent is too abnormal. In addition, the surrounding area is full of volcanoes which continuously provide the power of fire. It can be reborn from the ashes without limit. How many battles can it fight like that? Above the sky, the spirit of the ruins couldn't help but sneer when it saw the undead Phoenix appear. It seems that because of Su Chin's powerful potential, the difficulty of this first level has increased significantly. Normally, the monsters that everyone faces in their three extreme challenges are the same. The first is a mantis, the second is a giant crocodile, and the third is an immortal Phoenix. And this immortal Phoenix is undoubtedly the most troublesome existence. Unless it's the power of ice and water elements, there's almost no way to deal with it. It seems that the trial of these ruins doesn't want Such Chun to pass so easily. The immortal Phoenix circled high in the sky, looking down at Su Chun with disdain in its eyes. Such Chan was immediately displeased upon seeing this. Don't look at me with that disdainful look. The shadow dragon roared out and headed towards the undying phoenix, locking onto its silhouette. However, the immortal Phoenix was not afraid at all. Instead of dodging, it endured Su Chin's shadow dragon headon. Boom! The shadow dragon slammed into the undying phoenix. The immense impact, sending it crashing into the lava below. But the next moment, countless fire elements surged around the undying phoenix, causing it to be reborn in flames. As it was reborn from the ashes, its aura suddenly surged and its appearance changed. A red lotus pattern slowly emerged between its brows and condensed into one of its nine petals. Such Chun naturally noticed the changes in the undying phoenix. Clearly, its strength had been greatly enhanced after its rebirth from the ashes. Such Chan felt like cursing. Killing him would allow him to be reborn from the ashes, but not killing him wouldn't get him through this ordeal. When will we get some simple and straightforward levels? Human, is this all you've got? The immortal Phoenix suddenly spoke in human language. Its voice filled with mockery and disdain. In this volcanic land, it is an invincible force. Such Chan was taken aback, somewhat surprised that it could speak human language. But then he quickly came up with a good idea. Fire Phoenix, come in and fight me if you dare. He unfurled the demon god's register and faced it directly at the undying phoenix. As long as the immortal Phoenix enters, how can it be resurrected without a volcano? Currently, this is the only way to win. Humans, I'm not stupid. The immortal Phoenix sneered. It's not some fool. Suchin took a deep breath, forcing himself to calm down. This undead Phoenix wasn't taking the bait, which was a bit troublesome. Moreover, killing someone once allows you to be reborn from the ashes and become stronger. Otherwise, you can't pass the level. This really seems unsolvable. The only way to break this deadlock is to make this lava disappear so that it cannot be reborn from the ashes. But how can this be done? Human, I advise you to just admit defeat. Even if you defeat me, the third ultimate battle beast is not someone you can contend with, the undying phoenix advised. Such Chun retorted coldly. How will you know if you don't try? Try? You defeat me first? The undying Phoenix mocked. Defeating me is simple. Just make this lava disappear and you'll be defeated. Even if you remind Such Chun, there's nothing he can do. What can he do to make the volcano and the lava disappear? Such Chun was overjoyed. You've reminded me. He waved his hand. 8,000 troops. Dark elements surged wildly, unleashing a massive army of approximately 30,000 shadow soldiers. All troops, listen to my command. Move this volcano and its lava into my demon god register. If Yong could move mountains, surely his tens of thousands of shadow soldiers couldn't. Chapter 188. The Lynn family's ugliness. Jing Wei filling the sea. What a pipe dream. This scenario is endless. The immortal Phoenix looked down at Su Chan with arrogance in its eyes. This scene can be regenerated even if it's moved. Despite the phoenix's disdain, Su Chin remained calm. All right, since the foolish old man who moved mountains won't work, then let's try Jing Wei filling the sea. If one idiom or illusion doesn't work, try another. If two don't work, try three. Jing weigh filling the sea. The immortal Phoenix tilted its head, still not taking Su Chins words to heart. Look of his hand. Such Chan sent countless shadow soldiers rushing toward the lava and volcano. They all merged into the scalding magma, and the surface of the magma was covered by a layer of black shadows. The originally flowing, scorching liquid seemed to be restrained by this force. Meanwhile, at the erupting crater, the shadow soldiers used their own bodies to forcefully block the gushing flames and lava. Seeing this, the undying phoenix merely scoffed. Do you think you can defeat me like this? Don't rush. It's not over yet. Suchin closed his eyes, and the source energy in his body was rapidly drained like a flood breaking through a dam. As the source energy was consumed in large quantities, a huge demonic pool slowly emerged, covering the entire scene and making it impossible to see even a trace of flame or lava. Since this immortal phoenix can be reborn from the ashes, how can it be arrogant without fire? This demonic pool is determined to cut off its path to survival. Another one of these little tricks. Do you think you can trap me like this? The immortal Phoenix finally showed a hint of emotion, a serious look flashing in its eyes, but it remained defiant. The human before it possessed far more methods than it could have imagined. Give it a try. This demonic pool will turn you to dust. The undying phoenix felt a chill run down its spine. Just as it was puzzled, a massive sky-covering demonic claw materialized within the demon pool. The claw, enormous as a small mountain, suddenly stretched out and gripped the undying phoenix tightly, cried out angrily. What do you mean by ambush? Don't you understand the saying all's fair in war? Say what you will, mere shadows. I am not afraid of you. The immortal phoenix tried to flap its wings to dispel the darkness, but its wings were firmly grasped by the ghostly claws, rendering it unable to move. Your ninth rebirth from the ashes is your strongest form, but unfortunately you're only in your first round now. I can easily crush you. The lotus flower between the brows of the immortal phoenix has nine petals, each corresponding to a rebirth from the ashes. But now, having only been reborn for the first time, how can it withstand the overwhelming ghostly claws? So, you saw through it all along. But even if I lose, you still won't be able to defeat the monster in the third level. The immortal Phoenix let out a cry of resentment and its body gradually turned into a ball of golden light and disappeared. As the immortal Phoenix disappeared, the entire scene began to change, restoring everything to its original state. The second extreme challenge has been successfully completed. Would you like to unlock the third challenge? Wait a moment. Such Chun sat cross-legged on the ground and began to fully restore the source energy in his body. In the previous battle against the undying phoenix, the shadow demon pool almost drained his source energy and he knew that the next battle would be even more difficult as he would be unable to cope without sufficient source energy. Fortunately, he still has two trump cards up his sleeve. The first is the power of the holy symbol and the second is the black lotus of annihilation. Suchin, let me show you what your classmates are like. The spirit of the ruins suddenly spoke, its voice carrying a malicious chuckle. Need not? No. Well, I'm going to insist on it. The spirit of the ruins chuckled and waved its hand, and all 198 people except Kong Lling appeared in front of Such Chun. Since mockery was ineffective against Such Chun, it opted to attack his mind, attempting to psychologically defeat him. Suchin was slightly takenback. He opened his eyes and saw that the 198 students stood in front of him like zombies with empty eyes and numb expressions. Is Kong Ling the only one who hasn't been eliminated? Suchin clenched his fist slightly. Such Chun, give up. If you give up, I can ensure that you and your classmates leave the ruins safely. I don't need your charity. I will personally break through this trial and rescue my classmate. He was determined to get the final reward, not only for himself, but also for his classmates who were still struggling. What a selfish person. Can you guarantee you can pass the next three trials? Are you really that selfish? You only care about your own interests and don't care about the lives of your classmates. The spirit of the ruins tried to sting his heart. Suchin remained unmoved. What are you babbling about? Even if they die, what does it have to do with me? He could naturally tell that the spirit of the ruins wanted to use some psychological tactics. However, Suchin wasn't buying it. Don't you care about the life of that beautiful girl? Seeing that Such Chun remained unmoved, the spirit of the ruins continued to throw out bait. Why should I care? Will she sleep with me? Such Chins answer left the spirit of the ruins completely bewildered. Unable to comprehend, Su Chins thought process. You are you even human? The spirit of the ruins roared in exasperation. I'm not human, are you? Of the ruins was utterly speechless. It realized it was completely unable to psychologically defeat Such Chun. This Such Chun is not only strange in his personality, but his thought process is also strange. H just you wait for the third level. In the end, it could only resort to its old tricks and used taunts to save face. Such chun didn't bother talking to it. He simply accelerated the recovery of his source energy to prepare for the upcoming third ultimate battle outside the ruins. This Susin seems a bit cold-blooded. Wouldn't it have been better to stop before he was killed and survived? Idiot. Do you think God is like a bunch of cowards who cling to life? We haven't even gotten the treasure yet. Exactly. Besides, what does cold-blooded even mean? Even though they're classmates, they're nothing compared to Xi Bao. No problem. Once I get the treasure, I'll become even more awesome. What women can I have? I can change three a day. Many viewers who initially criticized Su Chin's somewhat cold bloodooded behavior were quickly silenced by his sharp rebuttal. Front row of the audience. Alas, now only Su Chun and Kong Lling are undergoing trials. Mushwear s father Yinhai looked worried with Mooer s life in someone else's hands. How could he not be worried? Don't worry. According to the rules, as long as one person completes all the trials, they can save everyone. Zing Tian and comforted him softly. But there are still three more challenges ahead. Following the pattern of each level being more difficult than the last, the next three levels must be incredibly difficult. Can Such Chun and Kong Ling really succeed? Have faith in Such Chan. At this moment, L Yin rushed back from Kun Mountain. Upon seeing Long Yin, everyone respectfully greeted him. Marshall Long Yin waved his hand and said calmly, "Continue watching the game." Marshall, I don't know about Huhan. Zui asked cautiously. L Yen said, "There's no danger to your lives. The Lynn family has also responded today. Take a look for yourselves. In recent days, the topics of Hua Xan Xiang and the trial have remained highly popular, and the Lynn family has had no choice but to respond. What L Yin never expected was that the Lynn family's hearts would be so black, so evil. Chapter 189. Despair, the Nin Locked Prison Shuan Wu. Upon hearing what L Yin said, everyone opened the official forum and found that the top spot on the popularity chart had changed. Breaking news. The Lynn family responds, seemingly admitting that Hua Xang has colluded with foreign tribes. This trending topic was accompanied by a video in which Xaong s appearance before he was injured was clearly visible. He confessed that he had colluded with the alien race because of the generous rewards offered to him and his words were full of remorse. This this could never be Huhan. Zu E was furious, his voice filled with obvious indignation. Despite the flawless video footage, he firmly believes that this is not the real Hua Jean Xiang. Huh? Jehan Xiang, who hates evil and despises foreign races to the core, would never do such a thing. This is indeed not Hua Xiang, but a false response made by the Lynn family to smear him and also under pressure from public opinion. L Yin revealed the truth. Smearing Hua Xang is a prelude to establishing his character later. In the future, the Lynn family can use Hua Jean Xongs past merits to offset his demerits and release him while also removing him from his position as deputy commander. In this way, the Lynn family can not only get away and scathe and avoid being infamous, but also successfully obtain the position of deputy commander. Damn it, the Lynn family is disgusting. Zooie couldn't help but curse. They act like prostitutes while pretending to be virtuous. This phrase perfectly describes the Lynn family. Alas, Hua Xian Xang may have survived, but the Lynn family will not face the punishment they deserve. Zung Tian and shook his head and smiled bitterly. Hua Jean Xiang survived. His sense of justice had vanished. While the Lynn family remained carefree and achieve their ultimate goal. Don't worry, the Lynn family will definitely receive the punishment they deserve. Long and comforted him. Currently, the Lynn family and theQin family have some connection through their maternal lines. And with that layer of protection, he cannot easily take action. Unless, of course, an exceptionally powerful individual steps forward. However, although the main branch of theQin family was on his side, it was inconvenient for them to intervene. When the others heard Long Yans words, they just smiled faintly and didn't believe him too much. "How many things in the world can truly be fair and just?" "I wonder what Suchin will think when he learns this news after he gets out," Zing Tian and muttered to himself. Will he be disappointed by the so-called justice or will he stand up to the Lynn family on his own? A few hours later, start the third extreme challenge. The third extreme challenge has begun. Trial participants can pass the challenge by breaking six shackles and will receive a reward of one resurrection card by breaking nine shackles and slaying the nine locking prison. Huh? A resurrection card. Before Such Chun could think things through, he was teleported to a valley. Suchin looked around in confusion, muttering to himself, "Where is the demon beast? It's nowhere to be seen. Who dares to disturb my rest?" A thunderous roar suddenly rang out, causing the entire valley to tremble violently. Immediately afterwards, a small mountain suddenly rose up from the ground in front of us. "Holy crap!" Suchin couldn't help but exclaim in surprise. Upon closer inspection, he saw the nine locks prisoned Schwan Wu slowly appear. This Schwan Wus body was enormous, like a broken mountain from Kun falling into a hellish abyss, covered by a layer of black lava tens of meters thick. Its carrapase resembles a magnificent dome forged from millions of years of black iron with nine sharp sword-like rock peaks protruding abruptly from its ridges, and its limbs as thick as giant rock pillars supporting the sky and the earth. Its head resembles a molten lava beast with two inextinguishable golden red flames burning in its eye sockets. Chains binding its body. The chains are meticulously forged from a mixture of netherworld mystic rock and star core iron and are as thick as giant pythons. Name: nine locks of the black tortoise dominating the world. Bloodline king level peak emperor level bloodline suppressed by the ruins. Realm level fourth order fifth level. element rock fire. Note, originally an emperor level bloodline, it was suppressed into a king- level bloodline due to the limitations of the ruins. Its strength remains formidable. Furthermore, it is shackled by nine chains, and its power increases with each chain unlocked. Every three chains unlocked will cause it to change its form. Such Chan gasped as he looked at the information displayed on the panel. Holy crap, what does emperor level bloodline even mean? Saint level is above king level and it has to be at least a level higher than saint level bloodline. Although it was suppressed to the king level, the foundation of the emperor level bloodline was still there and it was definitely many times stronger than a normal king level bloodline. Not only that, but there are also nine shackles which is just like the legendary pony. Looking at the towering hill-like nine locks prison Wu Su Chan felt a deep sense of powerlessness. However, this feeling of powerlessness lasted only a few seconds. Cowardice is the prison of the mediocre, while fearlessness is the armor of the king. He absolutely cannot back down in this battle. He must fight to the bitter end. There is no retreat. It is you who dares to disturb my eternal slumber. Batian Sha stared intently at Such Chun. Is there a problem, you lowly ants? Batian Sha roared and slammed its huge front paws forward, instantly enveloping Such Chun in a massive shadow. Boom! With this strike, Batian Shias immense power and heavy body instantly shattered the ground, creating a huge crater, sending debris flying and dust billowing everywhere. The entire valley shook. "That was close. I almost got hit," Such Chun said in a low voice, still shaken as he narrowly dodged the attack. system. Upgrade shadow flash to true intent. This overlord is too powerful. If I don't improve my shadow flash ability, even escaping will be difficult. Facing the strongest monster he's ever encountered, he must give it his all. Spending 80,000 kill points, Shadow Flash has successfully reached the true intent level. In an instant, the true meaning of shadow flash underwent a qualitative change, changing from being able to be used only within a fixed range to being able to instantly reach any shadow within sight. Such Chan can use his shadow to dart past any place where his gaze falls. This at least now I don't have to worry about not being able to escape. Such Chun was overjoyed. So, it was just a mouse that only knew how to hide and run away. Upon seeing this, Batin Sha was furious. The flames in his eyes instantly transformed into two scarlet pillars of molten metal, shooting straight at Such Chun like sharp arrows. Wherever the molten pillar passed, the ground instantly turned into a sea of fire with lava overflowing and the intense heat distorting the surrounding air. However, Such Chun had already vanished without a trace using shadow flash. After several shadow flashes, he was already on Baia's back. Cut. Such Chun merged with the surroundings, simultaneously activating the dark runes. The killing demon sighthe in his hand slashed fiercely at the tortoise shell of the overlord of the world with a sharp aura. Click. A crisp sound rang out, and Batena's tortoise shell, which was encased in rock, was shattered. However, the defenses beneath the tortoise shell remained strong, and it did not truly harm Batinia. Again, if one strike doesn't work, then strike again. The indestructible nature of the killing scythe will surely allow him to shatter all obstacles in his path. I hate it when crawlers get on my back and cause trouble. So, I'll reluctantly unlock the first shackle and let you experience the taste of despair. As soon as it finished speaking, one of the chains binding it instantly shattered like lava. Chapter 190. The great battle begins. The fourth shackle is unsealed. Boom! A deafening explosion rang out on the tortoise shell of the overlord. The first of the nine ancient shackles suddenly shattered. The thick black rock that originally covered its body cracked inch by inch, and the churning magma beneath it was like a boiling sea of blood, surging and flowing along the grooves of the tortoise shell, turning this Schwan Wu behemoth into a walking lava demon. Seeing this scene, Such Chan could only silently praise it, saying it was even better than the scene of Pun breaking the seal that he had seen in his previous life. ants. Enormous claws of the black tortoise, which dominates the world, slammed into the ground with the force to shatter mountains and destroy peaks. Boom! The Earth's crust collapsed instantly, and dozens of pillars of crimson magma erupted from the cracks, shooting thousands of meters into the air before exploding into a sky covering rain of lava. "Fuck you," Such Chun cursed under his breath, his internal energy surging wildly. "Shadow shield, activate!" Then he dared not delay system upgrade the true meaning of shadow shield. This Schwan Wu unleashed a powerful attack right from the start. If we don't add some real substance will be finished here today. Fortunately, he had killed countless monsters and accumulated enough kill points. Spends 70,000 kill points to upgrade shadow shield to true intent. Remaining kill points 350,000. At the same time, his proficiency with shadow shield sword, reaching the true realm level in the blink of an eye. The profound insights flooded Su Chin's mind, allowing him to reach a whole new level of understanding of the shadow shield. Is this the shadow shield of the true realm? Suchin exclaimed inwardly. The changes brought about by the true realm can be maintained as long as there is sufficient dark element and source energy, unless the opponent's attack can directly overwhelm it. You ant. I'll see how long your tiny body can hold out. Bashiangia slammed the ground again, and even more columns of magma erupted. Suchin stood firm beneath the shadow shield, letting the lava crash against its surface and explode into a shower of sparks. It's all right. I can barely hold on. The lava rain was fierce. It could not break through the true intense shadow shield. Struck head-on by the overlord s giant claw, which is powerful enough to shatter mountains. the consequences would be unimaginable. A few minutes later, seeing that Such Chan was still handling things with ease, Batian Sha finally couldn't contain his anger. The lava rain abruptly stopped. Insects, all you can do is hide. Hide. Suchin sneered, his eyes flashing with purple light like two spinning stars. Now the roles are reversed. The demon pool with a furious roar. The dark elements throughout the scene surged wildly, converging at Ba Tinia's feet and condensing into a massive demonic pool with a diameter of hundreds of feet. Ghost claw. Su Chan drank again, and two jet black beams of light shot into the sky from the demon pool, converging into two gigantic ghost claws, each 100 m tall. Even more terrifying, each of the ghost claws had a ghost eye open in the palm. He a piercing eerie laugh rang out and two ghostly claws lunged at Batian Shia gripping its thick lava covered shell tightly and pulling it forcefully into the demon pool. Damn ants. Batian's expression changed drastically. It never expected that this seemingly insignificant demon pool could give birth to a terrifying power that could shake its body. A look of satisfaction flashed in Su Chen's eyes. This was the ultimate secret of the shadow demon pool. The purer the concentration of the demon pool, the stronger the power of the ghost claw that is born. Don't be too happy. How dare an ant presumed to shake this emperor. Batinia's body swelled with magma and endless powers surged from his limbs and bones, forcefully resisting the dragging force of the ghost claw. I'll shake this very resolve. So what? Suchin's eyes narrowed and he clenched his fists tightly. The two ghost claws merged directly into one, transforming into a super ghost claw that was 150 m tall and 20 m wide. The giant claw's ghostly eyes underwent another transformation with complex dark patterns appearing in its pupils and a gigantic mouth filled with jet black sharp teeth split open in the center of the claw. He the super ghost claw let out a chilling laugh and slam down on the overlord s turtle shell. Boom! After the earthshattering roar, the sounds of rocks shattering and lava splashing mingled together. The massive body of the overlord was slammed several meters deep into the demonic pool by this single blow. Hateful, Batian was completely enraged. It never expected that this seemingly weak human boy could push it to such a state. In its boundless rage, three consecutive explosions rang out. Boom! Boom! Boom! The second, third, and fourth shackles on its body shattered simultaneously, turning into a sky full of lava and fire. The moment the shackles shattered, a deafening roar suddenly came from another snake mountain not far away. The entire mountain collapsed and a ten jang long black snake soared into the air and coiled around Batin Xiaos back. The tortoise and snake combined. The true Schwan Wu emperor had descended. Piss. The black serpent locked its crimson eyes on Su Chan, and suddenly a ball of crimson magma condensed in its mouth, turning into a red beam of light that shot straight at Such Chun. Snap! Such Chen's shadow shield was instantly struck by the beam of light. The defense of the true intent realm shattered like glass, turning into countless black light spots. Is this the black tortoise with four shackles? Such Chan was forced back by the shock wave. A trickle of blood spilling from the corner of his mouth, but his heart was filled with shock as expected of a demon beast with the highest imperial bloodline. It is absolutely terrifying. It's over you ants. Bin Xiao suddenly rose from the demon pool and magma surged wildly from his body, covering the entire ground. The demon pool, which had been churning, was quickly swallowed and evaporated by the magma. The super ghost claw, which had lost the support of the demon pool, also turned into dark elements and dissipated into the air. Now you're out of options. It thought that one shackle would be enough to deal with the boy in front of it, but it was unexpected that it was forced to use four shackles and even summoned the Shin Snake. Sorry. Such Chan wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, a hint of amusement flashing in his eyes. That was just my first stage. Everyone goes through a transformation phase, right? If you push me too far, I'll really blast you with the black lotus of annihilation. What do you mean? Baton frowned. Does that mean you still have ways to struggle? You'll find out soon enough whether it's true or not. Such Chun finished speaking. The dark element within his body erupted once more. Eternal night unfold. Buzz. Night fell. The full moon hung in the sky. And not only that, the headless night and the moon devouring wolf king appeared together. In addition, tens of thousands of shadow soldiers were formed, and the entire world was occupied by shadow creatures. "You think you can shake me with these ants?" Batian sneered disdainfully. "They are indeed ants," Suchin said calmly. "But remember, a thousand-mile dyke can be breached by an antill. Even ants can slay gods. The black lotus of annihilation increases destructive power by 100%, dark room power by 100%, and summons gain double by 200%. Most importantly, Such Chin's primary characteristic is erosion. Its corrosive properties are like maggots clinging to bones. Not only can it dismantle strong armor, but it can also invade the body like deadly venom, devouring life and strength. I could kill countless people with one slap. Bashankia s enormous claws slammed down on the group of shadow soldiers, crushing hundreds of them. But more shadow soldiers surged towards it like a tidal wave. All troops, listen to my command. Suchin raised his hand. Single point breakthrough. Concentrate all attacks on a few key locations. As long as an opening can be created, the shadow erosion can take advantage of the situation. One instance of erosion may be insignificant, but hundreds, thousands, or even tens of thousands of erosions combined will be too much for even an emperor level demon beast to withstand. Chapter 191, the final battle where all nine shackles are broken. After giving the order, Such Chan unfolded his wings and soared into the sky. Success or failure hinges on this moment. I hope the new features won't disappoint me. To ensure a smooth battle ahead, we can only hope how strong the next feature is. He took out the dark element characteristic stone and began to absorb and refine it. Strands of the dark element characteristic stone's shadow essence flowed into his body. At the same time, the source energy he had consumed was rapidly recovering and more shadow soldiers emerged, continuously rushing towards Batin Shia on the ground. High above the spirit of the ruined side. Alas, he has already broken through the six path shackles and is certain to pass this test. It won't be long before Batian Sha unlocks the six shackle and Su Chin's name will be listed first on the investature of the gods. After all, this overlord of the world was originally the ultimate challenge boss of the fourth level. It was only because Su Chin's potential was too heaven-deying that he was moved to the third level to be blocked. But even so, it could not stop the young man's footsteps. It's a pity you just can't get past the last hurdle. The ruins chuckled gleefully. The resurrection card from the fourth level is the key to the seventh. Without it, even a god would be doomed. A day passes in the blink of an eye. Insects, get down here. Batsha's eyes were fixed on Such Chun high in the sky. Upon hearing this, Suchin opened his eyes. The dark elemental stone had already turned to ashes, and the power of the third characteristic had completely merged into his superpower. He smirked slightly. This feature is absolutely awesome. Not only did he master the new characteristics, but his realm also improved by one level, reaching the fifth level of the fourth rank. However, due to the limitations of the ruins, he remained at the first level of the fourth rank. He flapped his wings, swooped down, and hovered in midair. What? You can't even hold on. I called you down here so you could witness the second form of my sixth shackle. Wait. Such Chun hurriedly raised his hand to stop him. Oh, you're scared. Batin Xiao revealed a smug grin. Fear? Not at all. I suggest you break all nine shackles at once and begin the final battle. Although he could pass the test by breaking through the six shackles, what he wanted was not the top spot on the investature of the gods list, but the resurrection card behind the nine shackles. The hints in this level subtly suggest that the revival card is crucial in subsequent levels, and he absolutely cannot miss it. Kid, do you know what you're saying? Of course, I know. Such Chan gripped the demonic side of slaughter, his fighting spirit soaring. I don't need to pass the test. I want to defeat you. Hara, how utterly ridiculous. With all nine shackles removed, I have never suffered a defeat. Do you know that seeing my sixth shackle is enough to claim the top spot on the investature of the gods list? I know, but I just want to challenge my limits. How will I know how strong I am if I don't try? Are you sure? Sure. Good. Very good. Batian's eyes were filled with a mixture of anger and excitement. Today, I will show you the ultimate form with all nine shackles unlocked. Snap. The five shackles shattered and exploded. and Batian's body grew wildly taller, breaking through the 200 meter mark. The lava patterns on the tortoise shell turned into a dazzling golden red, flowing with the pressure of an ancient emperor. The black serpent's head on its back splits into nine heads, each with a sharp golden horn. Even more terrifying, 18 pairs of lava wings unfurled from the back of the black serpent. "What the hell, a flying turtle?" Suchin couldn't help but exclaim as he looked at the ultimate form before him. Come fight me. Batin Sha flapped his 18 pairs of lava wings and soared into the sky, confronting Su Chunh high in the air. Come on, come on. He knew that every strike that followed would be a life ordeath move. Batin Sha took the lead in attacking, its massive body suddenly accelerating like a shooting star. Its huge Schwan Wu front claw carrying the force to shatter mountains and smash peaks, heading straight for Such Chun. Such Chin's figure instantly transformed into a black shadow. narrowly avoiding the attack. At the same time, he arrived at Batinsha's side and slashed fiercely at its tortoise shell with the killing demon side in his hand. Piss. The nine-headed serpents turned their heads simultaneously, their scarlet eyes locking onto Such Chun. Nine pillars of scarlet lava shot out, blocking all his escape routes. Grasp Such Chun cursed under his breath and hurriedly activated Shadow Flash again, dodging the bombardment of the lava pillars in a sorry state. Boy, you can't even touch me. Yet, you want to defeat this emperor? Batin Xia's voice was full of sarcasm. Suchin was speechless. This thing could fly, and the nine-headed serpent could lock onto targets and attack. It was simply unsolvable, but his stubbornness wouldn't allow him to back down. Even if there was no solution, he would fight his way out. Round and round with a shout, the shadow armor instantly covered his entire body. And at the same time, the true intent shadow shield unfolded. Slay again. Such Chun activated Shadow Flash, reappearing beside Batian Sha and slashed down fiercely with the killing demon side in his hand. Boom! The violent collision was deafening, and most of the lava on the tortoise shell was shattered, but the hard shell remained intact without even a scratch. "Give up your feudal struggle. I am an invincible being." Batians voice was filled with absolute confidence. Such Chan remained silent, only gritting his teeth and wildly slashing with the killing demon scythe. In addition, shadowy claws materialized from the void and rained down on Batenshia's tortoise shell and snake body. Although they could not break through its defenses, they did not retreat in the slightest. Humph, since you're so eager to die, then this emperor will play with you. On the other side, Kong Lling finally stumbled through the second trial and stepped into the third trial grounds. At this moment, he had long lost his initial passion and was left only with exhaustion. But when he saw the rules of the third level, a glimmer of light suddenly flashed in his dim eyes. It's a contest of luck. He's always been lucky. On the other hand, Such Chun is probably going to suffer, right? Um, how's Such Chin's progress? He finally couldn't help but ask, "Ding! Trial participant Su Chun has entered the fourth stage. What? It's already the fourth level." Kong Lling quickly asked, "How many stars was the third level? How difficult was it?" Trial participant Su Chins third stage rating. Six stars, nine choices, nine times facing death. What? Kong Lling was completely dumbfounded and exclaimed in shock, "Six-st star? What the hell? Wasn't it supposed to be a maximum difficulty of five stars? How come Such Chun can unlock six stars?" Hint: Because the trial participant, Su Chun, defeated a hidden NPC in the second stage, triggering a curse. The difficulty of the third stage has been increased to six stars. Kong Lling looked completely bewildered. Wait, buddy. You didn't even find the second level five-star difficulty challenging enough, and you even killed the hidden NPC. So, what about me, who struggled through the second level on two star difficulty and barely managed to pass it? We're all human, so why is there such a huge difference? Forget it. Forget it. I don't want to think about it anymore. Kong Lling shook his head and turned his attention back to his level. One star difficulty, five choices, half of which are death gates and half are lifegates. I don't believe I can't pass it with my five-star destiny. He had his destiny analyzed at Kunoon Mountain in his early years, and it was determined that he was destined to be a five-star general with unparalleled fortune. With a 50% survival rate, he's sure to get through this level. Taking a deep breath, Kong Lling casually pushed open a door in front of him. Behind the door was complete darkness and he could not see anything. Huh? What's going on? However, just 1 second later, a cold warning tone lit up in the sky. Trial participant Kong Ling has chosen the gate of death and is eliminated from the trial. You have 3 seconds to crush the teleportation stone, turning it into a bargaining chip. After the other participants pass the trial, you will have a chance to be resurrected. Kong Lling was completely stunned and the confidence on his face instantly froze. Seriously, he's that unlucky? Such Chun survived nine near-death experiences, but he failed at the very first door. My feelings right now can only be described by a song. Snowflakes are falling. The north wind is howling in despair. He trembled as he crushed the teleportation stone in his hand, instinctively roaring. Wukong, save me. No, Such Chun, save me. As soon as he finished speaking, his figure transformed into a streak of light and merged into the void of the trial grounds, becoming one of the many bargains. Now all hopes are pinned on Such Chun. Chapter 192, Overdrawing to the Limit: The Ultimate Victor. Outside the ruins, millions of viewers held their breath and stared intently. The previously exhilarating atmosphere had long since solidified into a heavy somnity. Sigh. It seems Such Chun is really going to fail this time. That Schwan Wu is too outrageous. It can fly, has an unbreakable defense, and can lock onto targets for attack. There's no way to fight it. W If Suchin loses, the whole team will be wiped out. No way. I still want to see him become a god. The enthusiastic cheers and shouts from the previous levels were completely washed away by Su Chin's disheveled and powerless state in the scene, creating a stark contrast. Even in the VIP seats in the front row, the powerful figures all had solemn expressions and remains silent. This kid has already created a miracle. His true intent realm combat skills are superb. But facing this Schwan Wu, he is ultimately powerless to turn the tide. Zing Tian and slowly shook his head, his tone full of helplessness. If I'm not mistaken, this Shwan Wu has an ancient emperor level bloodline. Mong Yunhai's eyes were solemn. Its legend is recorded in the complete book of ancient monsters. Even though it was suppressed to the king level by the ruins, the physical strength brought by its emperor level bloodline is by no means comparable to others of the same level. You have to believe him. L Yin clenched his fists but could not hide the slight tremor in his voice. Upon hearing this, everyone simply shook their heads in silence. This battle was practically unsolvable. Even more fatal is that the trial has a time limit. Even if Such Chan can barely hold on. Once the time runs out, the outcome will still be failure. In stark contrast to the semnity of the others, Chu Xian sat in the corner, his mouth already stretched to his ears in a wide grin, his heart bursting with joy. Su Chun, Such Chun, you could have passed the test smoothly, but you insisted on challenging your limits and dying. Now look what's happened. They've shot themselves in the foot. So young and impetuous, so naive. After another half day of fierce fighting, the battle within the ruins had reached a fever pitch. Die. Batian's enormous forpaw slammed down on Su Chun like a giant curtain covering the sky. This attack blocked all his evasive routes, leaving him with no way to avoid it. Boom! First, the shadow shield shattered inch by inch. Then, the entire shadow armor made a crack sound and fragments flew everywhere. Such Chun was slammed away and crashed heavily onto the distant mountain wall. The rocks collapsed instantly, burying him in the rubble. Puff! A mouthful of blood gushed out as Su Chun struggled to crawl out of the pile of rubble, feeling as if his internal organs had been displaced by the shock. Fortunately, the tempering of the nine netherworld undying physique allowed him to withstand this fatal blow. "Boy, I didn't expect you to be able to withstand my palm strike." Batian's tone was tinged with surprise. Your physique is also so formidable. Such Chan wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth. Impressive, huh? Your brother Chin isn't so easy to kill. Still talking tough even when death is imminent. Truly ignorant of the immensity of heaven and earth. Suchin slowly raised his eyes. What do you mean by dying on the verge of death? The counterattack has only just begun. Counterattack. Ba scoffed. You're already at your last gasp and you still want to turn the tables. Such Chan struggled to his feet, brushing the dust and blood off his clothes, and frantically circulated the last of his source energy. Shadow Dragon buzz. The nine shadow true dragon technique was suddenly activated, and four shadow dragons with distinct scales and claws roared and appeared around him. Not enough. Such Chun gritted his teeth, ignoring the tearing pain in his meridians, and once again activated the nine shadow true dragon technique. More shadow dragons circled around him, and all eight shadow dragons roared at the same time, their voices shaking the heavens and the earth. "It: Are you out of your mind?" Batian's expression changed. "Aren't you afraid of damaging your foundation and exploding to death by continuously unleashing highle combat techniques at such a high intensity?" Suchin grinned, revealing a mouthful of bloody teeth. "If I can't kill you, I'll be dead. What's the point of talking about a foundation then?" As soon as he finished speaking, he activated the nine shadow true dragon technique for the third time, and four more shadow dragons appeared, bringing the total number of black shadow dragons to 12 around him. Cough, cough. Suchin coughed violently, blood staining his chest. He swayed precariously, yet he still stared intently at Batin Shia. You're insane. Even if you manage to summon 12 shadow dragons, it won't change the fact that you're going to lose. Batin Shia roared, but a strange unease rose in his heart. Is that so? Suchin raised his eyes and sneered, then swung his arm sharply. Go. The 12 shadow dragons roared in unison, soaring into the sky. Their bodies expanded wildly during flight, growing to a 100 meters in length and charged towards the same direction where Bakinia was dominating. No one noticed that after half a day of frantic slashing, the lava and rocks covering the shell of the overlord turtle had been completely shattered by the killing demon scythe, revealing the relatively weak seams beneath. All the groundwork laid before all the seemingly feudal attacks were for this moment. Boom! The first shadow dragon slammed into the seam of the tortoise shell of the overlord, and the huge impact caused several fine cracks to appear in the shell with lava splashing out. Before Ba Shia could react, the second, third, and fourth shadow dragons arrived one after another, crashing into the same spot. Boom, boom, boom. A series of earthshattering explosions followed, and Baenia's indestructible emperor level tortoise shell finally shattered under the single point explosions of the 12 shadow dragons. Huge cracks spread like a spiderweb, and bright red flesh and blood oozed out from the cracks. "No!" Batin Shia roared in terror, trying to dodge, but found that the demonic pool beneath its feet was churning again, and countless ghostly claws reached out from the pool, locking its limbs and snake body tightly, making it unable to move. "Fall!" Such Chun roared with his last ounce of strength. The remaining shadow dragons swooped down like a tidal wave, crashing one after another into the cracks in the tortoise shell until the 12th shadow dragon crashed down. Ainsha's massive body was smashed into a bloody mess. A huge wound so deep that bone was visible pierced through its shell. It let out a shrill scream and collapsed to the ground, stirring up a cloud of dust. Suchin also exhausted all his strength and his internal energy was depleted. He collapsed to the ground, too weak to even lift his hand. Su Such Chun, I admit you're very strong, strong enough to frighten me. Batin Sha lay on the ground. But in the end, I still won. If Such Chin's cultivation level were even slightly higher, and his source energy even slightly more abundant, he would surely be dead. Unfortunately, there are no what-ifs. In the end, it emerged victorious in this battle. Even so, it had to admit that the boy in front of it was truly terrifying. If given enough time to grow, he will surely be able to look down upon all living beings in the future. Suchin's eyes dimmed slightly. Could it be that he still couldn't do it? At that moment, he felt as if his body did not belong to him. Every muscle was trembling and every nerve was screaming. Such Chan, you are very strong. The voice of the spirit of the ruins echoed in the void with a hint of admiration and regret. I am impressed by your will and strength. Admit defeat, and I will let you leave the ruins and spare your life. This young man truly shouldn't have perished here. What about my companions? They will remain in the ruins forever as a bargaining chip in the defeat. Then I don't need your pitiful charity. Suchin refused without hesitation. Foolish. You are doomed to lose. The spirit of the ruins couldn't help but shout angrily. At the same time, Batinia struggled to mobilize the remaining power within its body, and countless rocks rose from the ground, covering its body again, protecting its damaged tortoise shell and flesh, forming a new layer of defense. Yeah, kid. You're strong. Get out of here. Bautin Sha said, panting heavily. I'm surrounded by rocks again. Now you have no chance. Such Chan raised his head, a cold smile curling at the corner of his lips, and struggled to get up from the ground with all his might. Who said, "I lost, lose. That's impossible. Now the moment of truth is about to begin." Chapter 193. The origin of the 12 ancient calamity beasts. The end. You think you can still turn the tables? Batians crimson vertical pupils were fixed on Such Chun. Those 12 shadow dragons that blotted out the sky had clearly exhausted his last bit of fighting power. At this moment, his breath was weak, and he was clearly out of ammunition and supplies. How could he possibly turn the tide? He doesn't believe he can dominate the world. He still has ways to turn the tables. Such Chan merely gave a cold smile. Erosion. As Su Chan urged it on, a monstrous wave suddenly surged within Batinshas body. The dark elements that had been repeatedly struck by the shadow soldiers and seeped into the skin were now like hungry wolves breaking free of their shackles, rushing wildly along the blood vessels. They were like a bone deep leech, gnawing at the tendons and veins, like poison that penetrated the intestines, dissolving flesh and blood, and like a greedy glutton, devouring its last remaining life force and power. This was the killer move that Suchun had spent a whole day planning. Those seemingly feudal singlepoint attacks, those attacks that broke through the tortoise shell and immediately moved away were all for the purpose of letting the dark element take root in Batinsha's body like a seed, waiting for this moment when it was severely injured and exhausted. At its peak, the world might have been able to resist this erosion, but now it is already at its last gasp. The destructive power of the dark element has increased a hundfold in an instant. And every inch of flesh is being torn apart and dissolved by the invisible force. You ah, what have you done? Batian let out a heart-wrenching roar. The excruciating pain from the dark elemental invasion was even worse than being devoured by 10,000 snakes. The shadow soldiers attacks over the past day haven't been wasted, Such Chun said strategically. I see. I see. It finally realized that all those continuous attacks were bait and that the boy had been planning it all from beginning to end. Every step and every detail of this battle was firmly controlled by this seemingly naive boy. If it had made even one wrong step, it wouldn't be in this desperate situation now. Young man, I must admit that your intelligence and strength are among the best I've ever seen. Unfortunately, you miscalculated one thing. There are less than 3 hours left in your challenge. I can easily hold out. Although it was in excruciating pain, it still had confidence. As long as it could survive these three hours, victory would still belong to it once the time limit for the fourth stage was over. Such Chun, too lazy to waste words, slowly raised his bloodstained hand and parted his thin lips, uttering each word distinctly. Three. Huh? Batinia's pupils shrank suddenly, filled with confusion. Two. Boy, what on earth are you doing? One. The moment the last word was uttered, the world suddenly lost its color. The gale suddenly stopped, the air currents froze, and even time seemed to be paused. Batin Sha felt a chill on his head. Looking up, he saw a dark ink black holy sword floating in midair, its blade shimmering with a deathly dark light, as if it could sever all life in the world. Goodbye. Suchin gently clenched his fist. Puff! The shadow sword transformed into a streak of light piercing Batians head with incredible speed. There was no earthshattering roar, only the crisp sound of bones shattering and the muffled sound of flesh tearing apart. The massive body was cleaved into this. This is the third shadow trait that Such Chun has just awakened. Annihilation trait. Annihilation. When an enemy is critically wounded and a shadow sword symbol appears above their head, your next attack, no matter how small, will trigger an annihilation strike. If it hits, the shadow sword will execute and kill the creature. The trump card, after absorbing the shadow attribute stone, has finally unleashed its deadly brilliance. This is his ultimate means of turning the tables. Seeing ba dead, Su Chun staggered back a step, his tense body finally relaxing. He won. Congratulations to trial participant Su Chin for defeating Batin Shia who had all nine shackles broken. Reward one resurrection card. Your ranking has reached number one on the investature of the gods. You will now have a day to rest. We look forward to seeing your performance in the fifth level. A cold light curtain appeared out of thin air and the surrounding scenery instantly distorted and switched. The next second he was standing on the void platform where the investature of the gods was located. The enormous golden list with the name Such Chun written in dazzling gold light firmly occupied the top spot, shining brightly. Few, we won. Such Chan could no longer hold on. His legs gave way and he collapsed to the ground, panting heavily. This battle is going to be incredibly difficult. The king level, Batians emperor level bloodline, despite the fourle difference in their cultivation realms, is no mere figure head. That devastating power nearly brought him to his doom. His victory was entirely due to his meticulously planned strategy. If he had made even the slightest mistake, he would have been reduced to ashes by now. With a flick of his wrist, a gleaming golden card appeared in his palm. The very same resurrection card. Su Chun murmured softly. I hope you'll be of some use later. This was a trump card he had fought desperately to obtain. Such Chun, if nothing unexpected happens, that origin blood is yours. The figure of the spirit of the ruins appeared in the void. Its eyes filled with admiration as it looked at Su Chun. The entire battle was fought with meticulous planning, combining wisdom and strength. This young man was simply a born conqueror. However, it still had a lingering doubt. What exactly was the method used by the shadow holy sword that ultimately slew Batinia? Suchin forced himself to sit up, a glimmer of expectation flashing in his eyes. The blood of origin. Why don't you give me a sneak peek beforehand? Do you know about the calamity beast? The spirit of the ruins asked. I know so what. In ancient times, 12 sources of calamity appeared between heaven and earth. The voice of the spirit of the ruins carried a sense of ancient vicissitudes. Each source of calamity possessed heaven-deying power. For example, the source of immortality could make demonic beasts immortal and indestructible, while the source of destruction could grant them infinite destructive power. And the calamity beasts were born from these sources. In Such Chin's heart, the origin of the calamity beast was so legendary. Each of those 12 sources of calamity is nothing short of heaven defying. And then what? Later, the 12 sources of calamity were devoured by the 12 gods of calamity. Their blood could infect demonic beasts, transforming them into calamity beasts and inheriting the power of the sources of calamity. The spirit of the ruins paused, its tone becoming solemn. And the primordial blood in these ruins comes from the source of the resurrection of the third god of calamity, the god of bones. The source of revival. Excellent. This blood grants the holder an incredible ability. After slaying any living being, it can transform them into a skeleton for the holder to command. Suchin suddenly realized, "No wonder killing enemies in these ruins turns them into skeletons. It was because of the source of resurrection. A burning light flashed in his eyes. If the essence of this source of revival were given to the wolf king and the headless horsemen for fusion, could they also master this terrifying ability to turn enemies into skeletons? Wouldn't that cause my combat power to increase dramatically? You're not thinking of letting your demonic beast take this ability, are you? The spirit of the ruins seemed to read his mind and spoke. Chapter 194. Today I have specially invited you sir to come out of seclusion and help me conquer the six kingdoms and unify the world. What is that not allowed? Of course. However, normal demonic beasts will be completely transformed into calamity beasts after consuming it. Violent and bloodthirsty. Their bodies will be filled with plague and poisonous mist, leaving nothing but desolation and calamity wherever they go. There is no free lunch in the world. And this is the price of the source of resurrection. Such Chin's heart sank and the elation that had just ignited was instantly extinguished. Could it be that this heaven-deying primordial blood was ultimately only for show and not for use? Ding. This system will remove all negative effects of the source of cataclysm from the host, retaining only the core ability to transform creatures into skeletons upon slaughter, which the host can then command. The cold impersonal system notification sounded like heavenly music at that moment. Such Chun was so excited he almost jumped up. Brother Tom, I love you. You're welcome. Such Chun couldn't suppress the smile on his lips and felt a sense of lightness throughout his body. Indeed, the system was the most reliable thing in the world. Can I take it? Haha. The spirit of the ruins laughed heartily. Of course, it can, but our predecessors have already tried it, and it has no effect on humans. It's a complete waste. Oh, okay then. He can't use it. But as long as the Moon Devouring Wolf King and the Headless Knight can master this ability, that's fine. Once he advances to SSS level superpower, he can use the Call of the King feature, which can summon all shadows to become shadow soldiers and allow monsters to turn into skeletons after killing enemies. Meaning that one monster can contribute two kinds of combat power. This is a huge profit. Kid, you're really something else. The spirit of the ruins shook its head helplessly, its figure gradually becoming transparent before finally disappearing completely into the void. Suchun ignored him and sat down cross-legged to speed up his recovery. Meanwhile, the live stream footage outside had already caused an uproar. Awesome. Sushun is awesome. This reversal is simply divine. Wow. From being completely out of ammunition and supplies to slaying an emperor level monster. How does Susan's brain work? Even I a guy am becoming a fan. That was absolutely amazing. Susan who defied nine shackles to dominate the world is truly the guardian deity of the dragon kingdom. Hundreds of millions of viewers across the country were in an uproar with barrage comments flooding the screen and countless people waving their fists and cheering for Su Chin's victory. Mong Yinhai stroked his beard, his face beaming with joy. This lad, he truly lives up to his reputation as the future son-in-law of the Moo family. Upon hearing this, the leaders of the surrounding major powers all cast strange glances their way. Murang Yin Hai, however, didn't care at all and said loudly, "I set a rule for Schwear long ago," "Whoever can defeat her with a lower cultivation level will be my moo family's son-in-law." Suchin did it. So, am I wrong to say he is my son-in-law? Muron Yinhai, your shamelessness is getting thicker and thicker. Zen Tian and couldn't help but retort, but secretly he was envious. Why didn't he have a beautiful daughter like Mushware so he could take the opportunity to get close to Such Chun? The thought of his goodfor-no son filled Zing Tiann with rage and he secretly plotted to discipline him severely when he got back. Tiann, you're just being a sour grapes. Murang Yin Hai smiled even more smugly, already planning to host a banquet for Such Chun as soon as he came out. Not far away, L Yans tense face finally showed a relieved smile. This kid with Such Chin around, the future of the Dragon Kingdom will surely be bright. Then his gaze swept over Chu Xianin, whose face was ashen, and he spoke calmly. Chuianin, I heard you have some conflict with Suchin. Marshall Long, isn't it a bit too disrespectful to address me by my given name? Chu Xian said in a deep voice, suppressing his anger. Disrespectful, L Yans eyes turned cold. Should I send someone to investigate the shady dealings your Chu family has been up to all these years? These words struck Chu Xian like a thunderbolt, and he instantly broke out in a cold sweat. He knew very well that with L Yan's background and strength, making the Chu family disappear would be a piece of cake. No, no, Marshall Long, you may call me whatever you wish. Chu Xian quickly changed his address. Humph. L Yin snorted coldly. Remember, if you dare to have any wicked thoughts about Su Chun, don't blame me for erasing the Chu family from the world. Absolutely not. Marshall Long, rest assured. Chu Xian quickly replied, though inwardly he was seething with hatred for Su Chun, yet there was nothing he could do about it. Jang Chan Ha standing to the side secretly breathed a sigh of relief. Glad that he hadn't chosen to target Suchin back then. After this trial, Such Chun has become the guardian of the Dragon Kingdom. And with L Yin backing him up, apart from theQin family, probably no one would dare to touch him. Within the ruins, a day passes in the blink of an eye. Call Suchin slowly stood up, stretched his muscles and bones, and had almost recovered underwent healing care. Trial participant Such Chun, "Your rest period is over. Do you wish to begin the fifth trial? Start." Such Chun silently prayed in his heart, hoping that the next level wouldn't be too difficult. As soon as he finished speaking, a soft white light enveloped him, and the scene before him instantly distorted and changed. The next second, he found himself in a magnificent palace. Three golden light curtains appeared out of thin air, and the words on them were clearly visible. Level five, enchantment. Trial participant Such Chun must pass six trials of allure in sequence, resisting all temptations in order to advance. The first allure, money and beauty. The moment the light curtain disappeared, melodious and graceful music suddenly filled the palace. Countless women dressed in light gauze with unparalleled beauty emerged from behind the pearl curtains. Their graceful figures and light dance steps made them sing and dance in the center of the palace. Their eyes were alluring and their soft coetish words were enough to make any man's heart flutter. You stinky man, I've missed you so much. A familiar gentle voice sounded behind him. Suchin turned around and saw Liqing standing there gracefully. She looks exactly like her in the real world. Even the scent on her body is exactly the same. Chingqing. A ripple of emotion stirred in Su Chin's heart. O, you stinky such Chun. Is Lie Ching Ching all you care about? Another spoiled voice rang out, and Xi Yao stood not far away, hands on her hips, puffing out her cheeks. Immediately afterwards, all the beautiful women Su Chun had ever seen appeared in the palace, surrounding him with eyes full of admiration and affection. Such Chun, I'm sorry. Lu Ching Shua slowly knelt on one knee, her eyes filled with tears of regret, her voice choked with sobs. I shouldn't have made that foolish decision to break off the engagement with you. Can you forgive me? Suchin was slightly taken aback by what he saw. These people's appearance, tone of voice, expression, and even the smallest movements are exactly the same as real people. If you didn't know that you were in a trial, you might really mistakenly think that you had returned to reality. As long as you stay here, you can be surrounded by countless beauties and enjoy inexhaustible wealth. Here you are the soul king, free from battles, dangers, intrigue, and calamities. Only endless pleasure awaits. The words on the screen were like the devil's whispers, full of deadly temptation. A barely perceptible longing flashed in Su Chen's eyes. Who hasn't dreamed of such a comfortable and enjoyable life. But in just a moment, he completely suppressed that longing. Having experienced life and death trials and witnessed human suffering, he had already planted the seed of becoming stronger in his heart. How could he be trapped by such a temptation? I don't need this kind of life. Suchin's eyes narrowed and the killing demon scythe appeared out of thin air in his hand. He swung the scythe fiercely. Boom! Those beauties, music, and luxurious scenes vanished like shattered bubbles in an instant. Congratulations to trial participant Su Chin for successfully passing the first trial of charm. Next, the second trial of allure begins. The pinnacle of power. The light screen flickered and the scene changed once again. Suchin looked at the small house in front of him. Somewhat puzzled. Looking up, he saw a man dressed in a dragon robe appear before him, bowing with his hands clasped in greeting. I have specially invited you, sir, to come out of seclusion today so that I may conquer the six kingdoms and unify the world. Chapter 195. Sealing the wolf and dwelling in the mountain, restoring the Han dynasty. Such Chan was somewhat bewildered, staring blankly at the person in front of him, wearing a dragon robe. Good heavens. His pupils contracted sharply, and his heart skipped a beat. This is theQin Dynasty, Ing, my fascinating ancestor. Golden light curtains suddenly spread across the sky. Those who participate in the trial. Leave this message. It is guaranteed that you will be able to pacify the six kingdoms. You alone wield the martial arts. You are the number one in the world. As the light screen shifted, the elucory images of the six kingdoms rose and fell, and the allure of the pinnacle of power surged like a tide. The glory of being enobled and appointed prime minister, the honor of being above 10,000 people was enough to make anyone's heart flutter. Suchin Adams apple bobbed. Good heavens, who could resist such an extreme temptation? The taste of power is inherently fascinating. Sir, Ing Jang stepped forward. Help me pacify the six kingdoms, and one day you will be granted land and a noble title. Your name will be remembered in history. Upon hearing this, Such Chin's heart trembled violently and the blood in his chest almost boiled to be remembered for eternity. This is the pursuit of so many people throughout their lives. But the next second, he suddenly realized he wasn't from this era. His roots are not in the flames of war during this waring states period. Sai, please go back. Suchin closed his eyes, his voice carrying a hint of melancholy, yet unusually firm. The moment the words left his mouth, the gilded palace shattered and transformed into a shower of light. Third trial, the test of seduction, a man's ultimate pursuit. The scene suddenly changed and they were now in a military tent on the northern grasslands. The north wind whipped up yellow sand that lashed against the tent flaps, while outside the tents, banners fluttered in the wind, and the large banner with the character Han could be faintly seen waving in the wind. A man dressed in imperial robe sat upright before the table, his gaze fixed intently on him. For this northern campaign against the Shyongu, I earnestly request that you be the commanderin-chief. Once you have achieved the feat of sealing the wolf's lair, I will personally go 10 mi outside the city to welcome you with the highest honors." He raised his hand and waved, and two valiant generals stepped forward. One with a resolute look in his eyes and wearing black armor was none other than we a young man full of youthful vigor with a silver spear slung across his shoulder. It was none other than Hoing. These two men are quite resourceful and can serve as your vanguard, sealing the wolf's lair and residing in the sue. Suchin murmured to himself. These four words represent the ultimate ideal etched into every man's bones. What's more, how could such renowned generals as Wayin and Hoing become his subordinates? Suuchins lips twitched and he cursed inwardly. Just how much history does this spirit of the ruins know? Every trial precisely hit his weak spot. But then he thought again, Hua Xang was still waiting for his rescue. If he couldn't even protect the person he wanted to protect, how could he talk about conquering the battlefield and achieving great feats? in Su Chen's eyes as he clenched his fist and blasted the entire military tent into dust. Congratulations to Such Chun for passing the third level, charm, and unlocking the fourth level. Great cause. The scene shifts, revealing a low thatched hut surrounded by overgrown weeds, yet exuding a poignant sense of desolation and impending doom. Lu Bay, dressed in coarse linen clothes, his temple streaked with gray and tears welling in his eyes, stepped forward and grasped Such Chens hand. Now that the Han dynasty has fallen and the people are suffering. If you, sir, are willing to help me, we will work together to restore the Han Dynasty and return to the old capital. Restore the Han Dynasty. These four words exploded in Su Chins ears like thunder. Which Chinese son or daughter has not felt such patriotism? He almost blurted out his agreement, but reason held him back. This was not his time, and he could not rewrite history. Such Chun took a deep breath, suppressing the turmoil in his heart. I suggest you go to Nanyang and find a gentleman named Zhua Kongming. He can help you achieve great things. As he said this, he had already cursed the trial a thousand times in his heart. The temptation was too cruel. With a crack, the thatched hut shattered, and the illusion vanished. The fifth level of allure begins. Inside the ancestral hall, candle light flickered. Zhuang, draped in a crane, feathercloak, looked haggarded, clutching a scroll of bamboo, slips tightly in his hand. After coughing violently a few times, he handed the scrolls to Such Chun. The heavy responsibility of restoring the Han Dynasty is entrusted to you. You must rebuild the Han Dynasty and return the old capital. As the bamboo slips were unfolded, the three powerful characters, Chu Sherbao, memorial on dispatching the troops came into view and among the dense text below, there were only the two characters, Such Chan. Before Such Chun could react, Zhuang beckoned to Ado beside him and said in a deep voice, "Ado, cow out. No, no, no." Such Chan hurriedly waved his hands, his movements somewhat awkward, "Don't cow out to me. I can't accept that." Looking at the scroll filled with his own name, he felt a mix of emotions. This trust and expectation are more appealing than any power. But history is history, and he cannot overstep the boundaries. Suchin clenched his fists and turned around abruptly. I'm not suitable. He wants to walk his own path rather than live in someone else's history. The elucory image of the ancestral hall dissipated. Congratulations, trial participant. You have passed the fifth trial. The sixth trial, home, is now open. The word home on the screen is like a key, unlocking Su Chin's long-sealed memories. He froze. His heart felt like it was being gripped tightly by an invisible hand, the pain almost suffocating him. The scene shifts and a familiar little house appears before us. Yellowed certificates of merit are pasted on the wall. An old-fashioned lamp sits on the table and the air is filled with the rich aroma of meat. Shaun, you're back. Mom will make your favorite braised pork ribs. A gentle voice sounded in his ear and Such Chun looked up abruptly. He saw a woman wearing a floral apron walking out of the kitchen. Her figure was somewhat blurry, but it gradually overlapped with the image of his mother in his memory. On the sofa, the middle-aged man put down his newspaper and feigned anger, saying, "You brat, where have you been running off to again? Hurry up and wash your hands and eat. It's dad. It's mom." Such Chin's tears welled up without warning. This was his home in his previous life. His mother died in a car accident when he was 10 years old in his previous life. The years before he turned 10 were the happiest time of his life. How long has it been since he heard his mother's voice? How long has it been since he felt his father's scolding? Mom, Dad, Su Chan reached out, wanting to touch that familiar figure, but his fingertips only passed through nothingness. He stopped, choking back tears, his vision blurred. Don't worry about me. I've grown up and I'm very happy. I love you, Mom and Dad. The mother's face was full of loving smiles upon seeing this, and the father also showed a look of relief. They exchanged a glance, their hearts aching with heartache and reluctance, which transformed into starlight that slowly drifted into the air. Congratulations to the trial participant. You have successfully withstood the fifth trial of the six paths of temptation and passed. The sixth level will open in 3 hours. Please take a break. The light screen reappeared and Such Chun wiped away his tears, saying with utmost sincerity, "Thank you. Thank you for this trial, which gave him the opportunity to relive the happiness of his childhood and see his parents whom he had been longing for day and night once again." He longed to drown in it all and never come out again. But he knew he was no longer the child who needed his parents' protection. One act of kindness is enough. As Such Chan gazed at the dissipating starlight, a question suddenly arose in his mind. Could this trial possibly reveal the deepest obsession in his heart? Tsk tsk I didn't expect that what you can't let go of the most is still your parents. The voice of the spirit of the ruins echoed in the void with a hint of surprise. Suchin's tone carried a hint of melancholy. You don't have parents, so you naturally don't understand this feeling. The spirit of the ruins twitched its lips. It was born for these ruins and had never had any familial ties, so it truly could not understand this obsession. Chapter 196. Ascending the divine stairs. Black Lotus protects its master. This is a perk, but things won't be so easy from here on out. The spirit of the ruins laughed with a hint of mockery, and its figure vanished into the void as it turned into a stream of light. Suchin looked up at the sky. No matter how difficult the road ahead may be, I must overcome it. Three hours passed in the blink of an eye, and the light curtain in the sky suddenly lit up. Trial participant Su Chun. Sixth trial. The ascension staircase to godhood opens. You must climb 333 floors of the divine staircase to clear the level. Time limit 7 days. Countdown begins. The scene suddenly changed and the flat ground beneath Su Chin's feet instantly transformed into a staircase leading to the heavens. The stairs stretched straight up to the sky with no end in sight. Is this the ascension to godhood? Such Chan murmured softly as he stepped onto the first stone step. At first, there was only a slight pressure around me and nothing unusual. It seems that the pressure increases with each level you go up. Beyond the ruins, Lu Chingua felt completely lost. Do I regret it? This question swirled in her mind like a curse. Did she regret not defying her family's arrangements? Choosing to back down and not offering a helping hand when Such Chun was in dire straits, the boy shone brighter and brighter in the light. While she seemed to be just an insignificant leaf in his life's journey, long since left behind. I heard you and Su Chan are betrothed since childhood. The sudden sound interrupted her thoughts. Luo Chingua turned around and saw Li Chingqing standing not far away, her eyes filled with a hint of inquiry. Are you? Li Chingqing from the illusion. It was me. Li Ching nodded. Thank you for not seizing the opportunity. Through the ruins, she not only saw Luo Chingshi and Such Chen's past, but also discovered the long buried story of their childhood betroal. Fortunately, Luo Chingua ultimately chose to give up, which gave her the possibility of getting close to Such Chun. Are you mocking me? It's not sarcasm, just simple gratitude. Li Ching met her gaze frankly. I like Such Chun. Is there a problem with that? Lu Ching Shua lowered her eyes. No problem. She took a deep breath as if gathering all her courage. If you were facing pressure from your family, facing a moment when he was in trouble, what would you choose? You mean choosing between the family and him, or whether to lend a helping hand when he's in trouble? Um, Lie Chingqing answered without hesitation. I will choose him without hesitation. These words dispelled the fog in Luo Chingua's heart. She shuddered, exhaled a deep breath, and her eyes welled up with endless regret. It turns out she had been regretting it all along. But there's no going back in life. Once you miss it, it's gone forever. Thank you. You're welcome. I hope you'll meet the right person for you in the future. Lu Ching Shua watched her retreating figure and smiled bitterly. A better person? Perhaps it will never happen in this lifetime. One day later, he ascended to the 300th floor of the gods ascension stage. Huff huff. Such Chan knelt on the stone steps, his bones creaking under the weight. I absolutely cannot lose. He gritted his teeth, a trickle of blood spilling from the corner of his mouth. Ascending the divine stairs tests not only one's cultivation level, but also one's trump cards, willpower, and the limits of overall strength. Tuantoan, Suchin called out in a low voice. Tuantos figure appeared, her petite body bursting with dazzling light. First, a series of buffs were applied to Such Chun. Speed, strength, defense, and spirit source recovery speed all increased dramatically. Immediately, Towanchuin transformed into a stream of light and merged with Such Chin's body. Boom! A surge of immense power erupted from his body, and he felt the pressure on his body suddenly lessened by more than half. He suddenly stood up, wiping the blood from the corner of his mouth. 32nd floor, 31st floor, 30th floor. He counted down the remaining floors, quickening his pace once more. After climbing another 10 floors, Such Chin's speed gradually slowed down. By the time he reached the 310th floor, he felt as if he were nailed to the spot, unable to move. Every time he raised his hand or took a step, he had to pay a huge price. Dark patterns. With the help of the terrifying power brought by the dark patterns, he climbed 10 more floors, leaving a bloody mark with each step. Floor 320. Only 13 floors left. Suchin looked up and saw that the remaining 13 stone steps seemed to have turned into an insurmountable chasm. He felt his vision go black, his head spin, and a deep sense of despair washed over him. Kid, you've already played all your cards, haven't you? Give up. This level was deliberately designed to make things difficult for you. According to the usual settings of the ruins, contestants only need to climb 300 floors to pass the level. But Such Chun was required to climb 333 floors. Either the trial doesn't want him to pass or these 333 levels are the true limit of his potential. Such Chan grinned, a smile that carried a hint of madness, yet also a touch of defiance. How many times have I been deliberately made difficult? The previous seductive trials were like this, as were the earlier levels. But Su Chun is not one to easily admit defeat. Ah, he let out a deafening roar, and his golden bones glowed faintly within him, supporting his swaying body. He took a sudden step forward, his bones cracking as if they were about to break. 12 floors, 11 floors, 10 floors. Climbing each floor felt like walking through hell. His skin was covered in fine cracks, but he still didn't stop. TSK, I didn't expect it to be Golden Bones. The spirit of the ruins said with a hint of surprise. Unfortunately, even golden bones can't withstand the pressure of the 333rd floor. As soon as he finished speaking, Such Chan felt the pressure increase sharply. He suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood and staggered, almost falling over. The fourth level has not yet been fully recovered. And now he is forcibly climbing the divine stairs. His body is already on the verge of its limit. Six floors. Such Chan reached the 327th floor. With only six floors left to go, he could no longer hold on. His legs gave way and he collapsed heavily to his knees on the stone steps. Blood stained the white stone steps beneath him and his vision began to blur. Could it be that I'm really going to collapse here? Such Chin's eyes gradually dimmed, and his consciousness began to dissipate. Just then, a black lotus flower pattern suddenly appeared between his eyebrows. The lotus was entirely black with layers upon layers of petals, exuding a mysterious and terrifying aura. It was none other than the black lotus of annihilation. In an instant, Such Chin's eyes suddenly turned deep black like an endless abyss. His body, which was originally swaying precariously, stood up straight. The oppressive aura emanating from him seemed to be isolated by an invisible force, no longer able to affect him in the slightest. Strolled leisurely towards the final 333rd floor. With each step, he exuded an aura of dominance as if all his previous fatigue and pain had vanished in an instant. Trial participant Su Chun has successfully reached floor 333. Sixth level cleared. The final level, level seven, is about to open. Please get ready. The moment the light screen lit up, the ascension steps receded like a tide, and Such Chen's figure reappeared in the void. He blinked, his face full of confusion. What's going on? How did I suddenly pass the test? Boy, what just happened to you? The spirit of the ruin's voice was filled with utter bewilderment and shock. What exactly is that black lotus pattern between your eyebrows? This Suchin realized that the Black Lotus of Annihilation must have saved him at the crucial moment. But isn't this world destroying Black Lotus a treasure given by the system? How could it have its own consciousness and actively protect its master? Is there anything wrong with the Black Lotus of Annihilation you gave me? Host, rest assured, the Black Lotus of Annihilation is normal. Once its 12 pedals begin to awaken, you will understand the reason. Receiving a response from the system, Such Chun s doubts lessened somewhat. He looked up at the void and said calmly, "It's nothing, just a personal treasure." Of the ruins, clearly didn't believe it. It stared intently at the black lotus mark that had disappeared between Su Chen's eyebrows, its heart filled with turmoil. The pattern looks exactly like the legendary 12th grade black lotus that destroys the world. Just how many secrets is this kid hiding? Chapter 197. Lin Guangming's arrogance. Half a month's term. But upon closer inspection, that's unlikely. The Black Lotus of Annihilation is a legendary item. Legend has it that a single petal of this powerful natal spirit treasure can destroy a planet. Add to that the fact that this blue planet can only produce a level seven spiritual treasure at most. Perhaps he really misjudged it. Bringing itself back to reality, it said, "The rules of the seventh level will be incredibly cruel. Your classmates will most likely all die." Huh? What do you mean? You'll find out when the seventh level opens. I hope you can accept reality. The seventh level is where time truly waits for no one. Suchin frowned, a strong sense of unease washing over him. The spirit of the ruins avoided discussing whether or not the level was cleared, instead repeatedly mentioning his classmates. Could it be that the rules of this level were specifically designed to target them? He remained silent for a long time, then said, "Don't force me." He hasn't even used the world destroying Black Lotus yet. Don't force him to use it. Kungun Mountain, the Lynn family mansion. Linhai stood with his head bowed. Patriarch, the Kong and Juga families have urged us several times to release the people as soon as possible. What's the rush? I'll release him naturally, Lin Guang Ming said calmly. Huh will naturally let him go, provided that he becomes a Huhs strength is unfathomable. There are very few people in the Lynn family who can keep him in check. If his cultivation is not crippled, he will surely become a major threat in the future. But if you become a useless person, then you can rest easy. Did Such Chun die in the trial? Lin Guangming suddenly asked. No, he not only survived, but is about to reach the seventh level. What a lucky guy. Lin Guangming slammed his hand on the armrest. He managed to turn the tables even against an emperor level demon beast. This kid's luck is just too good to Su Chen's trial when he saw Su Chin being beaten so badly by Baen Xiao that he had no chance to fight back. But he never expected that Su Chan could turn the tables so badly. This intensified the murderous intent in his heart. Master, I have something to say, but I don't know if I should say it. Linhai hesitated, his voice barely audible. Explain. Well, maybe Such Chun really does have a sevenstar destiny. Plus, given the relationship between Su Chun and Hua Xang, if our Lynn family cripples Huhan Xiang, we might really face annihilation. Boom. Before he could finish speaking, Lin Guang Ming flashed forward and slapped Lin Hai hard across the face. Linhai was sent flying backward like a kite with a broken string, crashing heavily into a pillar in the hall, spitting out a mouthful of blood. So what if he has a sevenstar destiny? Lin Guangmings eyes were ferocious, and he exuded the pressure of a 10th level expert. No matter how tough his destiny is, it can't beat my fist. How long can a fourth level kid be protected by Long Yan? He personally took action, not believing that the fourth level Suchin wouldn't die. A glint of ruthlessness flashed in his eyes. He already had a plan in mind. He could also involve theQin family's maternal lineage. TheQin family's maternal lineage specializes in dark magic, and the dark elf in Su Chin's possession is a priceless treasure to them. With just a little provocation, he didn't believe theQin family's maternal lineage wouldn't be tempted. Master, I spoke out of turn. Linhai struggled to his feet and knelt on the ground, not daring to utter another word of complaint. Guang Ming, are you taking your anger out on your subordinates again? A voice came from outside the hall. Kong Wayan walked in and gestured for Lin Hai to step back. Lin Guangmings face darkened. Why are you here? Of course, I'm worried about you. Kong Wei inside and sat down opposite him. Guang Ming, take my advice. Release Hua Xan Xiang as soon as possible and then go to apologize in person. There might still be room for maneuver in this matter. Apologize. Lin Guang Ming stood up abruptly, laughing angrily. Wean, are you scenile? You want me to apologize to a prisoner? Kong Wayans lips twitched. Do you know the divination that Brother Zuga performed for you? Stop beating around the bush. Just say it. The Lynn family will be wiped out within 10 days. Huh? Lynn Guanging laughed loudly. Destroy my Lynn family within 10 days. Who in this world has that ability? Even theQin family wouldn't dare to be so presumptuous. My Lin family is affiliated with theQin family's maternal lineage. Who dares to touch me? To him, this was an absolute joke. Guangming, can you please tone down your arrogance? Kong Wayan said urgently. Brotherhugas divinations have never been wrong. Arrogance? That's called confidence. Lin Guangmings eyes gleamed with arrogance. My Lin family's position as the fifth largest in Kun Mountain is not based on empty fame. Unless the black chalin, the king of calamities, launches a full-scale invasion, no one can touch my Lind family. The Black Chin, the king of calamity beasts, has always been peaceful. And besides, he hadn't provoked the Black Chain. How could it possibly destroy his Lind family for no reason? Seeing that he was unmoved by reason, Kong Wean could only shake his head helplessly. "Fine, good luck." After saying that, he turned and left, his back view filled with disappointment. Lin Guangming stared at his retreating figure and snorted coldly. Guards, theQin family's back garden is filled with rippling blue water and the fragrance of lotus flowers. You've been here for 3 days now. Shouldn't you tell me the purpose of your trip? Chin Tinia said, his eyes filled with a hint of inquiry. Black Chin raised his eyelids slightly. It's nothing serious. I just wanted to ask if the Lynn family has been doing anything wrong lately. Chin Tin Xiao was startled but remained outwardly calm. How did you know? How I know is not important. You just need to answer whether I have it or not. Chin Tin Xiao remained silent for a moment, then answered truthfully. Yes. Tell me what you have to say. I hope you're not acting out of personal motives, old friend. Blackchin's face was full of seriousness. Chin Tinia. The Lynn family has arrested a general of the Dragon Kingdom who served the country and its people, falsely accusing him of colluding with foreign tribes and is preparing to execute him. You humans are truly vile. The black chalan sneered, a hint of disgust flashing in its eyes. What it hates most are these parasites that harm loyal and virtuous people. If it weren't for this pest, it wouldn't have been separated from its chinger. Chin Tinsha lowered his head slightly and said sincerely, "Don't worry, I will handle this matter." No need. The Black Chan suddenly stood up. The Lynn family is left to my calamity beast clan. My people haven't tasted blood in a long time. It paused, then continued. Old friend, if you dare to tip us off, then we will wage war. As soon as he finished speaking, the black chin vanished into the garden as a black after image. Chin Tinia frowned upon seeing this, his heart filled with confusion. Why would the black chillin suddenly pay attention to the Lynn family's affairs? And judging from its posture, it really intends to destroy the Lynn family. But the Black Chin wouldn't destroy the Lynn family over something like this, unless someone commissioned it. Could it be Such Chan? After all, the only people closely related to Hua X are Su Chun and Zui. Since Zui Ja doesn't have that much influence, that leaves only Su Chun. Could Such Chun, a fourth tier cultivator, have become acquainted with an existence like the Black Chillin? He pondered for a long time. Then suddenly his eyes lit up and he murmured to himself. Could it be because of the daughter of the black chalin who ran down the mountain? He couldn't think of any other possibility. Chapter 198. The rulebinding monster, the world destroying black lotus appears. Inside the ruins, the seventh and final stage has begun. Trialers, please defeat the skeleton king. A golden light screen appeared and Such Chan felt dizzy before his eyes. The next second, he stepped into a desolate battlefield of skeletons. Looking down, one sees a flat area formed by countless skulls and bones beneath one's feet. Moreover, 199 students stood stiffly in the open space in front of them. Their faces were ashen, their eyes empty and lifeless like a group of soulless walking corpses. The trial lasts for 10 hours. 20 people will automatically die every hour, and these chips will be permanently lost. Trial participant Such Chun must defeat the skeleton king or kill 10 million skeleton soldiers to pass the level. Note, all chips die upon your death. Suchin looked at the rules and was speechless. This level was almost unsolvable, wasn't it? Looking at his classmates, he finally understood why the spirit of the ruins had given him that warning. Is it really targeting his classmate? 20 people are dying every hour. Just then, a giant skull appeared in the sky with scarlet flames dancing in its eye sockets. Tsk tsk yet another human successfully passing all seven trials. Upon seeing this, Suchin activated the detection function. Name: skeleton king. Realm level, fourth tier, fifth level, bloodline, unknown. Attribute, none. Note: The skull's gaze unleashes the power of the trial rules, annihilating all enemies on the field. irresistible can be used once per hour. Damn it. Such Chun cursed under his breath. Instantly understanding the deeper meaning of the fourth levels cause and effect hint. Without the resurrection card obtained from defeating Batinia, this level would have been a certain death situation. The skeleton king can instantly kill using the rules. Even a god would not escape death. He secretly rejoiced that he had risked his life to obtain the resurrection card. Otherwise, he would have been reduced to ashes by now. humans terrified. The skeleton king's crimson eyes were full of amusement. Scared out of your wits. Suchin scoffed. I'm just so angry at your disgusting rules that I feel like throwing up. No wonder no one has ever been able to pass the seventh level. The rules are so bizarre and insidious. Oh, you saw through my abilities. The skeleton king's tone changed slightly, revealing a hint of surprise. Using the power of the trial to annihilate everything. Is that it? Such Chin's nonchalant tone caused the flames in the skeleton kings eye sockets to surge violently. How did you know? Why should I tell you? You won't talk, huh? Well, then I'll have to send you on your way. A crimson light suddenly erupted from the skeleton kings eyes, sweeping across the entire battlefield. The power of the rules was like an invisible blade. Before Su Chun could even react, his body was swallowed by the red light and dissipated into the air. Tsk tsk died so quickly. The skeleton king's tone was lazy and tinged with boredom. In the past, the trial participants could play for a while longer. But today, this kid seemed ordinary, yet he made it feel inexplicably uneasy, so it used its ultimate move without hesitation. But the next second, the flames in its eye sockets suddenly froze. The trial scene that should have dissipated had not closed. Huh? What's going on? Sorry to disappoint you. I'm not dead yet. Suchin patted off non-existent dust from the corner of his clothes. His tone carrying a hint of sarcasm. The hem of my clothes is slightly dirty. Looking at Su Chuan who had come back from the dead. The skeleton king was filled with shock. Ew. You defeated Batin Shia and obtained the resurrection card. The overlord being unleashed was enough to make even a retreat. How could this human brat possibly defeat it? Surprised? That was unexpected. The skeleton king's tone became excited. But did you think a single resurrection card could turn the tide of battle? This feeling of wanting to crush it again is simply wonderful. Otherwise, what? Suchin retorted. You can try to kill me within an hour, the skeleton king said mockingly. Otherwise, after an hour, I will use the power of the rules again to send you to your complete annihilation. Suchin frowned. 1 hour. This rule is absolutely disgusting. Now, there is no other way but to fight. Shadow dragons for shadow dragons suddenly appeared. They shot straight into the sky and then swooped down like a dark cloud, crashing down on the skeleton king. Boom! The enormous impact shook the entire battlefield, sending bone fragments flying and dust billowing everywhere. The skeleton king neither dodged nor evaded, enduring the full force of the four shadow dragons attack head-on, his body smashed into countless tiny bone fragments. Suchin frowned. You won. However, the next second, the fine bone powder seemed to be drawn by an invisible force, rapidly coalescing and returning to the shape of the skeleton king in just a few seconds. Tsk tsk. Not bad. Too bad it can't kill me. As long as I'm not completely reduced to nothingness, I can resurrect indefinitely. I refuse to believe it. Such Chin's eyes hardened, and he summoned four more shadow dragons for another devastating impact. The skeleton king was smashed to pieces again, but he regenerated perfectly intact a few seconds later. Time and again, the shadow dragon's roar echoed across the battlefield, and the skeleton king was crushed more and more times. Yet, he could never be completely destroyed. Such Chin's breathing gradually became unstable, and a sense of powerlessness welled up in his heart. His attacks can at most shatter the opponent, but they can't completely obliterate them. Kid, the countdown begins. In 50 minutes, you will disappear completely along with all your classmates. Outside the ruins, the entire dragon kingdom was deathly silent. On the enormous light screen, the scenes of Su Chan summoning the shadow dragon time and time again and the skeleton king being resurrected time and time again stung the eyes of everyone. It's my fault. It's all my fault for not investigating the details of the ruins beforehand, Zung Tian and said with a face full of guilt, his voice trembling. Anyone with eyes could see that this was a doomed game, and the resurrection card only allowed Su Chun to live for an extra hour. Long Yians palms were covered in cold sweat. Even this usually composed Grand Marshall couldn't help but become anxious. Kid, you have a seven-star destiny. You'll definitely be able to think of a way. He was conflicted. How could he make a fourth tier attack completely obliterate the enemy? Any attack in the world will leave a material trace, making this an impossible task? For a moment, countless spectators fell silent, each with a heavy weight on their hearts. Despair spread like a plague, and no one believed that a miracle could happen. It's so difficult. It's really too difficult. Inside the ruins, Such Chin's breathing grew heavier and heavier, and a hint of madness flashed in his eyes, which were shrouded in black mist. "Give up. I can teleport you out and save your life." The spirit of the ruin's voice carried a hint of pity. From initially watching the spectacle to now cherishing it. It truly doesn't want to see this exceptionally talented young man perish in this unsolvable challenge. No. Suchin shook his head. If a level exists, there must be a way to pass it. Alas, the spirit of the ruined side. There is indeed a way. If you possess the black lotus of annihilation, perhaps you could win. The black lotus of annihilation's fundamental power is annihilation. A power capable of utterly reducing all things in the world to nothingness. Even the undying source of the 10 great calamity beasts is utterly vulnerable before annihilation. Unfortunately, you don't have it. Upon hearing this, Such Chin suddenly grinned. "Thanks for the explanation." His eyes suddenly turned deep black and a black lotus phantom bloomed behind him, radiating an aura of destruction and annihilation. The black lotus of annihilation appear. Chapter 199. Annihilation Power. The skeleton authority. A magnificent pitch black phantom of a world destroying demonic lotus bloomed behind Su Chun with a thunderous roar. The entire trial space was engulfed by an annihilation power so dense it was almost impenetrable, leaving only a deathly silence and a suffocating sense of oppression. Before Such Chun, a five pedal black lotus of world destruction floated, though not as imposing as the phantom behind him, it condensed a more refined aura of destruction. Since these rules are so disgusting, then Such Chun will break them. Rules are meant to be shattered. The ruins wouldn't let him pass, but he was determined to get through. Break free from the shackles of fate. World destruction. World destruction. Black Lotus. The spirit of the ruins wiped the eyes of the condensed spirit body in disbelief over and over again is that the legendary black lotus of annihilation which surpasses all other spiritual treasures. It has lived for hundreds of years and there are only scattered records of it in ancient books and fragments. After a long while, it confirmed that the flowing annihilation power and the unique rhythm of destruction were indeed the black lotus of annihilation. Even with only five pedals instead of the full 36 pedals, the power that could make heaven and earth tremble was undeniable. The annihilation power of the Black Lotus of Annihilation is an endless and supreme destructive force capable of turning all existence into nothingness. The so-called source of immortality is nothing but dust that can be crushed at will in the face of this power. The spirit of the ruins was filled with shock and doubt. How could Such Chun, a fourth order cultivator, possibly fuse such a supreme treasure as his natal spirit treasure? Such a divine object would be fiercely contested even by the strongest beings in the universe. Where did he obtain it from? Add to that the extraordinary luck he possesses in the third level. Could this kid be a chosen one favored by the will of the universe? This This is the black lotus of annihilation. The soul flames flickering in the skeleton king's eye sockets trembled violently. The solution to this impass was to break the shackles with an attack containing sufficient annihilation power. But a fourth tier attack simply couldn't touch such a highle power as annihilation. Who would have thought that this seemingly ordinary boy not only possessed the power of annihilation, but was also the strongest in the world. Boy, don't kill me. The skeleton king's voice was filled with unprecedented panic. If you don't kill me, I'll give you all the treasures in the entire ruins. Do you even deserve to beg for mercy from me? Boy, killing me only gets you through this. And my master won't let you go. Oh, your master. Suchin raised an eyebrow, a hint of curiosity flashing in his eyes. That's right. Do you know who my master is? The god of calamities, the god of bones. The skeleton king straightened his skeleton, trying to intimidate Such Chun with his master's name. Unlike other virtual simulation trial participants, it is a direct subordinate of the god of bones. Once it dies, its soul is truly scattered and it can never be reincarnated. So that's how it is. The spirit of the ruins in the sky suddenly realized. At this moment, it finally understood why the ruins had such disgusting and seemingly impossible challenges and why the trials were full of stranges. It was all a conspiracy by the god of bones. Suchin asked with a hint of confusion, "What do you mean, Such Chun?" Never mind that. Kill it first. I'll use my power to let you randomly choose a treasure from the ancient ruins. Upon hearing this, Su Chins eyes lit up. Thank you. He then turned to look at the skeleton king, his eyes filled with icy killing intent. You're afraid of death, but I'm determined to kill you. No, you mustn't. If you kill me, the god of bones will not let you get away with it. Who will let him go is still uncertain. Suchin's voice was as cold as ice. Besides, I hate being threatened the most. As soon as he finished speaking, the five-pedal black lotus of world destruction in front of Such Chin suddenly began to spin. One of the petals slowly detached, turning into a stream of black light that instantly merged into his body. In an instant, Such Chan felt as if every pore on his body had been opened. An indescribable power swept through his limbs and bones, as if the whole world had changed. From now on, every strike you deliver will contain the strongest annihilation power. Anything that touches you will be reduced to ashes. A cold system notification sounded in his mind. Suchin grinned, revealing a bloodthirsty smile and clenched his fist slightly. Strands of black annihilation power coiled around his fist like living things, sometimes condensing like black jade, sometimes spreading like smoke. Is this the power of annihilation? Is this the power of the black lotus of annihilation? Such Chan felt the surging power within him, his eyes gleaming with fascination. It's truly addictive. He raised his hand and made a grabbing motion in the air. A massive black shadow claw descended from the sky with a devastating force, slamming down on the skeleton king. No. Damn it. The skeleton king was enraged, and his skeleton soldiers instantly gathered together, forming a solid wall of skeletons in an attempt to withstand the fatal blow. But the moment those skeleton soldiers came into contact with the shadow claw, a terrifying annihilation force spread out like a tidal wave. There was no earthshattering collision, only silent destruction. The moment the skeletons came into contact with the shadow claw, they turned into dust and ashes, leaving not a single speck of ash behind, completely vanishing into nothingness. Boom. After the deafening roar, the entire battlefield composed of skeletons was reduced to nothingness by the annihilating power, leaving a bottomless black hole in the ground. The skeleton king stared at the vanished area with lingering fear, his soul fire trembling violently, filled with shock and terror. It never imagined that the power of annihilation would be so terrifying. Oh, how come you look so pathetic now? Suchin slowly walked towards the skeleton king, his tone filled with sarcasm. Where has your arrogance gone? Where has your confidence gone? As he spoke, the dark elements around him condensed once more, transforming into three ferocious shadow dragons. Looking at the three shadow dragons before him, and recalling the terrifying annihilation power he had just witnessed, the skeleton king wished he could cow out to Such Chun and call him father on the spot, who is so kind as to possess the black lotus of annihilation, a top three natal spiritual treasure in the universe at the fourth level. This is like a newbie starting with god tier gear and max level. It's just not fair. Such chun. I was blind just now. Please spare my life. Spare your life? Such manipulated the shadow dragons surrounding him. I'll unleash three moves. If you survive, you're incredibly lucky. Upon hearing this, the skeleton king's eye sockets instantly lit up with soul fire filled with excitement and hope. It only takes three moves to dodge. With its cultivation level, it should be fine. Just as it was rejoicing, a shadow dragon suddenly swept past like lightning, grazing its skeleton. And the annihilating power it brought caused a small piece of its shoulder bone to melt instantly. Just one move, Such Chin's voice was light and airy. Yet, it was like the whisper of death, carrying an indifferent indifference that toyed with all living beings. The skeleton king's soul fire froze instantly, and fear gripped it once more. Two more moves. If it could dodge just two more, it could survive. die. Suchin suddenly turned around, his eyes flashing, and a shadow dragon shot out, crashing down from the top of the skeleton king's head. The skeleton king had no time to react and could only watch helplessly as the shadow dragon descended with an aura of annihilation. Countless annihilating forces surged forth like a tide, completely enveloping the skeleton of the skeleton king. With no chance to struggle and no room to resist, its skeleton melted away inch by inch in the power of annihilation, eventually turning into nothingness, leaving not even a trace of soul fire behind. A real man never turns around to watch an explosion. To the devastated void, Such Chin slowly withdrew the annihilation power around him, a hint of lingering satisfaction in his eyes. Congratulations to trial participant Such Chun for successfully completing the seventh and final stage. Congratulations to trial participant Such Chin for clearing the trial. You will now be teleported to the lost temple to select a treasure. The notification on the light screen flashed by and a soft white light enveloped Such Chun. The next second, he appeared in the lost temple he had initially entered. Inside the temple, 199 students stood there blankly, their faces full of confusion. Huh? Wasn't I killed by those demon villagers? What's going on? Did we just have a dream? Wah! That feeling just now was so real. I almost thought I was going to die here. Discussions arose one after another, and everyone was incredulous at their resurrection. Just then, an even more dazzling light screen lit up in the air. Trial participant Su Chun has successfully completed the trial, and all chips have been revived. Next, please proceed to the lost treasure hall to claim your rewards. The essence of resurrection and the supreme treasure, the skull authority. Chapter 200. The power of authority. One whale falls. All things annihilate. Looking at the light screen, Su Chin's fatigue and tension melted away, replaced by a sense of relief and relaxation. The life or death struggle and perseverance in the face of adversity have finally paid off. The two gilded chests ahead contain the essence of resurrection and the skeletal authority which are rightfully yours. Furthermore, I grant you another chance to choose one of the other chests. The spirit of the ruins warned. Thank you. Such Chan said his thanks and walked towards the mountain of treasure chests. Behind him, 199 pairs of eyes were fixed on Such Chin's back, their faces filled with shock and sudden realization. Holy crap. Such Chan really cleared the trial in this ghostly ruins. That's awesome. I only managed to pass the first level on one star difficulty. How many stars did Suchin get through? I'd guess three stars. After all, Susan is practically a god. Listening to everyone's speculations, Kong Lling could only twitch the corners of his mouth, revealing a bitter smile. Three stars. Little did they know that Su Chin's trial difficulty was far from over. Five stars was just the starting point, and he had even conquered the six-star perilous challenge. To his utter surprise, Such Chan actually managed to pass all seven trials. Just how much terrifying strength is he still hiding? Kong Shan, how many stars did you get in the previous levels? You should be at the same level as Such Chun, right? Many people curiously surrounded Kong Lling, their eyes full of anticipation. Kong Lling slowly shook his head. My skill level is so low. I'm not even worthy of carrying his shoes. The moment these words were spoken, the entire room fell into a deathly silence. Everyone was filled with shock and horror, as if they had heard something out of a fairy tale. Who is Kong Lling? He is a top tier expert known as the child of light with extraordinary talent. Yet he says he's not even worthy of carrying Such Chen's shoes. Are those who struggled for so long, even to get to the first level, not even as good as maggots? Hara, did you hear that? This is my brother-in-law. My brother-in-law Jang Lu suddenly jumped out, his face full of pride. You all have to thank my brother-in-law. Without him, you would all be dead long ago. Looking at Jang Lu's smug expression, everyone was speechless. But they wholeheartedly agreed. If it weren't for Such Chan, they would probably have become lost souls in the ruins long ago. At this moment, all they felt was deep gratitude. Mushwearer stood in the crowd, her delicate eyebrows furrowed, a hint of confusion and inquiry flashing in her clear eyes. How exactly did he overcome these desperate challenges? Open the chests. Open the chests. Open the chests. Excitement gleamed in Su Chin's eyes as he reached out and hugged the two golden treasure chests at the front. The joy of unpacking is always the most fascinating thing. Open with a soft shout. The golden treasure chest opened and a dazzling golden light shot into the sky. As the light faded, a cross necklace carved with a ferocious skull shape floated silently inside the treasure chest. Name: Skull Authority. Rank. One of the eight great powers. Introduction. The supreme authority that wields the power of the undead. on par with the authority of war, the authority of devouring, and the authority of fate. Note, the skull authority will unlock corresponding levels of skull storage and evolution caps based on the bound user's cultivation level. Bound by none storage capacity evolution. What does that mean? Suchin raised an eyebrow. Thinking it over, without hesitation, he bit his index finger and a drop of crimson blood landed precisely on the skull scepter. The moment the essence blood touched the necklace, the eerie green light in the skulls eye sockets suddenly surged. An invisible force of contract connects Such Chun to the authority. Upon further inspection, the information on the panel has been updated. Name: Skull Authority. Bound by Such Chun. Realm restriction. The bound user is currently at tier 4 and can collect a maximum of tier five skeletons with a maximum of 10,000 skeletons. Skeletons can evolve into elite skeletons. Unlock condition. After the bound user breaks through to the fifth tier, more authority abilities will be unlocked. Exclusive enhancement. Bound skeleton legion enhancement 100%. Wow, that's amazing. The skeletons transformed from slain monsters can be directly evolved into elite level beings simply by placing them into this authority. Does that mean that as long as his cultivation level is high enough in the future, these skeletons can evolve into top level, king level, or even saint level skeletons? If a million strong army of saint level skeletons could be assembled, who in the world could stand against them? The host is absolutely right. The restrictions on authority will be gradually lifted as the host's realm improves. The systems notification sounded in my mind. Upon hearing this, Suchin quickly put the skull scepter necklace around his neck, the cool touch against his skin. This was an absolute steal. Although he can only collect skeletons below the fifth rank at present, he can easily collect a bunch of peak fourth rank 10th level demon beast skeletons. With the 100% boost, his combat power is already terrifying. Kid, you've really hit the jackpot. The spirit of the ruin's voice rang out again. Eight great powers. Whichever one you wield is enough to make you a powerful overlord who can dominate the world. The most terrifying aspect of the skull authority is its limitless ability to evolve. No matter how ordinary a skeleton is, given enough time, it can evolve all the way to the saint level or even higher. Imagine hundreds of thousands or even millions of saint level skeletons charging at the same time. Who could withstand that? This is what I deserve. Earned through all my hard work. He gave it his all. teetering on the brink of death several times and almost perished in this ruin forever. He deserves this opportunity. You truly deserve it," the spirit of the ruins said with a hint of approval. "You are qualified to become its bound one." Suchin simply smiled faintly, then reached out and opened another golden treasure chest. Another burst of golden light shot out, and inside the treasure chest lay a simple ancient black jade bottle containing a viscous black liquid. The source of rejuvenation. Essence blood. Source. The essence and blood of the god of bones. Effect. Can infect monsters and transform them into calamity beasts, granting the monsters killed to revive and transform into skeletons. Note, after system optimization and evolution, the berserk side effects have been completely eliminated, and it is safe to use. Brother Tong, you're awesome. Such Chun was overjoyed. Without side effects, his moon devouring wolf king and headless knight can safely consume this essence blood and master this heaven-deying power of revival. Keep this safe for now, the spirit of the ruins instructed. Remember, do not give it to your monsters lightly. The power of the source of resurrection is too doineering. If ordinary monsters consume it, their minds will be devoured by the power and they will go completely mad and become monsters that only know how to kill. Thank you for reminding me. That might be true under normal circumstances, but unfortunately he has the system as his biggest trump card. Choose another treasure as an extra reward for you. At first, it simply viewed Su Chin's trial as a source of amusement. However, starting from the fourth level, Su Chin's resilience and strength gradually moved it. By the end of the seventh level, it was completely impressed by this young man. His perseverance, his wisdom, and his incredible strength deserved its respect. I didn't expect you to be so kind-hearted," Suchin joked. It was your performance that moved me. "Then could you give me a few more?" Suchin asked tentatively. He had just activated the detection function, and his mouth watered as he scanned the treasures inside the chest. "My power is limited. I can only fight for one thing for you." "All right," Such Chun shrugged with a hint of regret, his gaze carefully sweeping over the many treasure chests. Finally, his gaze settled on an inconspicuous bronze treasure chest. It has to be you.
