Title: BEST Champions to Main for EVERY Role in Season 2026 League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3weDz2kPVA

Content:
Season 2026 has shaken up the meta and the overall feel of League of Legends with a quicker start, faster pace vibes, and home guards making it feel like you're permanently back in the action. So, in today's video, we'll be taking a look at the best champions to main for every role this season. Now, we aren't just going to be going for super broken god tier picks that are probably going to get nerfed, and instead we'll be picking the champions based on a number of reasons why a champion might be worth maning. So, what are these reasons? Well, to start, we want these picks to be somewhat metaresistant, as we don't really want to be maning a champion that's either stuck in the depths of the Dtier without any sign of a buffs or a rework, but we also don't want to main champions that are permanently picked or banned either because, well, we actually want to be able to play them. So, a nice mix of somewhere in the middle is ideal. We also want to choose champions that feel rewarding, champions that may have a high skill expression so we can feel ourselves improving over time. And the more time we spend maning and mastering them, the better we get with things like combos and mechanics, limit testing, itemization options, matchups, and all that fun stuff that actually really does matter in the long run. Now, that's not to say that easier champions aren't worth playing either, though, as some champions in this video are going to be easier than others. But, we just want to make sure they're all worth the time investment, and we can feel the rewards of playing these champions over 10, 20, 100, or even thousands of games played so we can really benefit from mastering them for this season and in future seasons to come. We also want these choices to genuinely be enjoyable. I mean, everyone finds different champions more fun than others. And there is a pick out there for everybody, but generally speaking, we're going to focus on those picks that are flashy, fun, and can just really help you enjoy the game more, despite the question mark pings you might get whilst learning them along the way. We are not going to suggest picking and maning putting hundreds of hours into champions just because they're OP, when realistically, you've got to play what you truly enjoy. I mean, after all, gaming is supposed to be fun, right? League is meant to be fun. >> If it's not fun, why bother? It's not all about the shiny LP, although it definitely does help. Finally, we also want most of the champions here to be as strong as possible at the majority of different ranks. There are probably going to be some exceptions with some champions being more popular and successful at different ranks, but we aren't going to advise maining certain picks here that fall off as you get higher or are just too hard to play at low elo. Okay, with all that being said, let's get into the video. And of course, we're going to start with the top lane and work our way down. And our first choice in the top lane is Darius. Now Darius has already seen improvements this season with the fact he now gets access to a third summoner spell with the roll quest reward in teleport. Now Darius has always struggled with the fact he really does need flash and ghost to function, but now he also has teleport too. He's instantly much better this season. Then there's the fact that top lane can snowball extremely hard this season, more so than ever before with the increased experience gained once you have completed that quest. And once you get ahead of the pack, you can amass so much extra experience and then pop your flash, pop your ghost, run into teams, and just cause absolute mayhem. And before you know it, you're farming pentacles and recording montages once you get the hang of him. There's a lot to learn about Darius in the early game with his limit testing and damage numbers and of course matchups, too. But when you've put a few hours in, you quickly understand how to completely dominate certain matchups and really just put your teammates on your back and 1v9. And when it comes to how enjoyable Darius can be, the dunking reset multi-kills kind of speak for themselves. Our second choice to main in the top lane is a little bit more of a riskier pick when it comes to a champion being picked or banned. And it's going to be the latest top laner, Zahen. Zahen is a lot of fun to play, and it's so enjoyable just going god mode once you get fed and diving into entire teams, sustaining and chopping and charging your way through them, and then just popping your ultimate, and you've got your passive to rely on, too. With enough items, you can feel unkillable. You deal tons of damage, and you can carry seriously hard. But he's also just a lot of fun to play. His lane phase is really enjoyable with his tradey and pokey and bury play style, and learning and mastering each matchup really lends into how rewarding this pick can be. Now, let's be honest, as he's so new to the game, I just can't see him being nerfed into Oblivion. So, he should be a seriously safe pick to main in this season and in future seasons to come. Next up, we have Kenan. one of the most consistent AP range top laners in recent seasons and boasting impressive stats across the board in every single rank for such a long time now. Kenan can completely bully most matchups in lane and Po can push them down into their tower before he gets his ultimate and then just dives them on repeat. There's always a way Kenan can be effective in lane and if the matchup's bad, you can just play for ganks instead. And if your enemies are camping you, well, if they dive you under tower, you might end up just getting a double kill out of it. Outside of the lane phase, Kenan is one of the most fun top laners you can play as it's all about dashing and flashing into team fights with your ultimate and completely lighting up the enemy team. He might be relatively easy to pick up and play initially, but there's a lot to learn about Kennan in the long run, too. And I genuinely feel like he might be one of the most underrated picks in this season so far. Next up, we have Renekton. And I just can't express enough how great this champion feels to play. He's been around for so long with really not many changes to his kit, and that's because his kit just works really. Slicing and dicing into fights, stunning and slapping enemies down, and 2v1ing with your ultimate once you get a lead. Renetin has always been a very popular pick at higher ranks just due to his sheer consistency across the board. And I can't really remember a time in recent seasons when he's been completely broken to the point where he needs nerfs. But he's always there. He's always viable, and he's always really strong in the right hands. He might not have as much skill expression as some other champions in this video, but there's still a lot to learn with his matchups and damage limits and how to balance his passive and use it on the right abilities, too. And when it comes to a champion's enjoyment, for me, Renekton is the definition of how a top laner should play and should feel. So, give him a try if you haven't already this season. Then, we have our final top lane champion to main this season, and that's going to be Rumble. A very unique and different champion to the typical top lane picks you'll go for and one that takes a lot of practice to play perfectly. But when you get those big ultimates in team fights, oh my goodness, does this champion feel instantly rewarding. To main rumble, you have to learn how to use his overheating passive. You'll have to learn how to poke and pop with those ease, get the maximum amount of range and distance with your Q while still being able to manage your farming. And of course, learn how to actually angle your ultimate because it's a bit squiffy when you first start using it, but when you get the hang of it, it's extremely satisfying. Rumble can absolutely demolish some melee matchups and can snowball extremely hard. And before you know it, you'll be smelting and melting your way through your lane and your minions and also entire enemy teams in team fights too. Well, let's get into the jungle next. And our first champion to main in season 2026 is a champion that every jungler should have in their arsenal. Leen, one of the most skill expressive and enjoyable champions in the entire game, not just in the jungle, with his limitless supply of combo variations and endless flashy plays to impress your teammates and yourself and make you realize why League of Legends can be such an enjoyable game to play. Lee is one of the most rewarding champions in the game when it comes to seeing yourself improve and seeing this champion's potential as you improve game by game. One game you can't ward hop, the next game you can, and then before you know it, you'll be flying through enemy teams, lining up a perfect fiveman kick, as well as kicking the AD carry back into your own team at the same time. You're going to feel like a beast. You're going to look like a beast. You're going to get five honors, and you're going to get some LP, too. What's not to like? Moving on. Up next, and here we have Javan, who's been one of the most reliable and consistent ganking junglers for as long as he's existed. And when he's in a good spot like he is right now, there's really not too many better. Now, Javan is not necessarily the most difficult champion to pick up and learn. All you got to do is master that EQ combo. And then with each and every game after that, it's more about learning his jungle matchups, his damage limits, his clears, and how to make your mark on the game compared to other power farming junglers because your job is to gank. Gank early, gank often, set up fights, and just make things happen in your games. And when you're in the zone on Javin, when your ganks are going well, you're pulling off massive engages, and everything's going your way, you're going to be pretty tanky, but also have tons of damage, too, and you'll be flagging and dragging your teammates through and farming LP at the same time. Then we have Ekko up next, who started season 2026 extremely well, and is one of the perfect champions to try out the new Dusk and Dawn item, which works so well with him and his passive. Now, despite being strong for a while and starting the season with a bang, Ekko is not really that picked or banned, and this champion ceiling is so high when you put the hours in. It starts off with some creative ways to use your stun to your advantage. And it ends with your ultimate dashing through teams, restoring your health, blowing up entire packs of enemies in just a few seconds, and dashing through backlines, one-shotting squishies, and getting back to safety again. When you land those big fiveman ultimates, you are going to fall in love with this champion. And when you get a few kills under your belt early on and start ramping up your damage with a few items, Ekko just feels overpowered. So, if you are looking for a new jungler to main, one that isn't really banned, one that will definitely stand the test of time and go back in time several times in a game, you need to try out Ekko. Speaking of champions that have stood the test of time, Elise is still an incredible option to main in the jungle this season, too. She has a really enjoyable kit, and one of the best things about Elise is her ability to snowball and dive without being punished. Of course, you've got your stun, which takes a bit of practice, but when you get the hang of it is basically free kills when you gank. But really, one of her best assets is pushing and diving towers and then dropping aggro with her repel. These are just the fundamentals of how to abuse Elise's strengths. But then when you get the hang of Elise properly, her skirmishing power goes through the roof because you can chop in and out of fights, bursting enemies down with your spider form Q, dropping back out, using your repel onto jungle plants to get out of there, jumping back in, landing stuns, landing more burst, and rinsing and repeating this process until you climb ranks you've never climbed to before. Then we have our final champion to main in the jungle this season, which is Kazix. one of the most iconic assassin junglers you can play and one that you will without a doubt have a great time learning and mastering. Now, he's actually pretty easy to pick up and play as long as you play around his isolated Q damage. But the more you play him, the more you learn him, you'll understand how to maximize your efficiency when it comes to your different evolutions based on what's best to take in that specific game. And when you understand his damage limits with different items and at different levels, it's so fun stealthing through teams to get to carries, bursting them down, jumping out, getting leap resets, and just flying around the rift assassinating everybody. Kazix is one of those junglers that has so much more burst than most of your enemies will ever think about because even if you're on 1% health, you can defy the odds, one-shot your enemy, and get back into the action. Moving into the mid lane next and our first champion to main here in season 2026 is Twisted Fate. One of the most iconic midlaners you can play with his ability to control lanes and waves and set up ganks with gold cards and roam around the map to make his mark on any game as long as you do it at the right time and you know what you're doing. Now, there really is beauty in simplicity with some specific champions and Twisted Fate is the definition of this. His kit is really not that complicated, but it still requires a bit of practice. And also on top of that, you need to master your positioning too because you are pretty squishy and if you fumble your card selection, you're not going to have a good time. Part of learning and maning TF as well is also actually understanding how to survive in those difficult matchups against champions with tons of mobility. You need to stay safe, always ready those gold cards when you can and make sure you're always prepared for when your moment comes to make your mark and carry games. When you're in that flow state on TF, you'll be pushing, clearing, shoving, and basically roaming around the map with or without your ultimate, stringing together a chain of easy ganks and clearing waves and taking towers, too. It's a lot of fun. It's not rocket science, but you just can't go wrong with maning Twisted Fate. Up next, we have a super underrated AD mid laner in Nefari. Nefiri has never really been the most consistent champion to play since her release, but when she's viable, she's actually one of the scariest picks to come up against. No one ever really expects her damage, and once she gets the ball rolling, she can actually kind of just run around and one-shot everybody. She can be very frustrating to play against as those packmates are always sponging skill shots. And the unarget ability she offers to can also help her dodge major enemy abilities and always come out on top. If Nefiri is not a champion you've really considered so far, then you need to give her a try. She's a lot more fun than you might realize, and over time, as you learn her damage limits and damage numbers with certain items, you can honestly carry incredibly hard. Her roaming is super strong, and her jeweling is very hard to outplay, too. So, definitely give her a try if you haven't already. Our third mid laner to main this season just has to be Silus. And I don't think many people would argue with me that Silus isn't an incredible champion to main. Silus is one of the most dynamic and versatile champions in the game and his whole play style can change game to game depending on which ultimates he can steal. There are some games you are going to feel like Thanos if you come up against a mouthight pike and he for example as these ultimates can turn Silus from an S tier choice in that specific game to completely broken. But even aside from epic ultimate choices, Silas is just an absolute weapon when it comes to skirmishing. His ability to constantly defy the odds in any type of fight just make him so hard to deal with. And the more you play him, the more you learn him, the more you'll be able to abuse this. From early all-in starting the snowball off in the mid lane matchups or to completely dominating the rest of the map with early roams, too. Once you get fed, you'll be putting games to bed in no time at all and having an absolute blast at the same time. Next up, we have an absolute staple mid lane pick in many high elo players arsenals. It's Oriana. She brings consistency to whole new levels when it comes to the mid lane with her control, wave clear, AoE damage, and team fight prowess. She really is one of the most flexible mid lane picks you can play in any game and with any draft. And if you truly know what you're doing with this champion, you can pretty much play her every single game for the rest of your League of Legends career. Ariana is pretty complex as you need to understand how to manage your ball alongside your movement and your auto attacks and your shield. And good Oriana players can dominate lanes with constant harassment before then turning into an absolute AoE team fighting machine. Her ultimate is probably one of the most satisfying abilities in the entire game when it works. And if you've played a few games of Ariana, if you landed one good one, you'll be addicted to this champion for the rest of your life. Speaking of being addicted to certain champions, Ari is our final choice in the mid lane. And she's been one of the most popular mid lane picks for as long as she has existed. And there's good reason for that. And no, we're not talking about those dodgy websites you shouldn't be looking at. We're actually talking about the fact she's a lot of fun to play. Get your mind out of the gutter, guys. Ari just has everything you'd want from a champion. She's got mobility, burst, CC, wave clear, and a ton of damage. And the more you play her, the more you'll be able to abuse her ability to all in and snowball super hard at level six, but also you'll be perfecting charms. You'll be mastering resets and cleanups and team fights with your ultimate dashes. And you'll be learning just how hard you can carry with her roams and how much influence she can have on any game. Now, I'm sure if you main the mid lane, you've probably played Ari quite a few times already, but today here's a reminder. She's a great champion to main this season. Let's go downstairs to the bot lane next and take a look at the AD carries. And for our first one to main in season 2026, it's going to be Vain. So Vain in terms of pure enjoyment is up there with some of the funnest champions in the game. And each game you play, the more you learn, the better you get at kiting and the closer you get to 1v5 pentacills. A vain has had a bit of a burstier start to the year so far this season. And when you build around items like essence reaver, storm razer, and yumu's ghost blade, you actually have a lot of quick damage rather than that familiar extended fights play style that veins had in the past. A big part of learning Vain is surviving the lane phase and actually working out which matchups you can come out on top it. Cuz let's be honest, everybody knows just how strong Vain can be in the mid to late game. But with so many other champions just being far superior to you when it comes to wave clear, a big part of getting better at vain is learning how to overcome this and win and carry anyway. But if I could only play one AD carry for the rest of my life, it would probably be Vain. Because when you get those big moments where you 1v9, there's just nothing else quite like it. Next up, we have Lucian, who's having an incredible start to season 2026. And it's not really too hard to understand why when you think about how strong he is with Essence Reaver and the meta revolving around it so much so far. But that being said, this video isn't all about who's broken in the meta. And Lucian is one of those picks you'll never regret putting time into. When you first pick him up, he's fairly simple to play, but the better you get at him, the more you can express yourself and carry games like no other. Lucian is one of those picks I love playing in duo Q as well. He's so fun when you've got good synergy with your support like TK for the dash stun combos, Braum to abuse Braum's passive, or of course the infamous combo of Nami Lucian, which is still one of the best combos in the game. One of the hardest things about learning Lucian is managing his ranged restrictions. He is not the longest range AD carry in the world. So, you need to be close enough to pop in and do big burst damage without getting blown up at the same time. But that's all part of the fun of playing him. He's a high-risk, highreward bursty AD carry. And once you get fed, you're going to have fun. Speaking of fun, our third AD carry in this video is Jinx. And if you main the bot lane, she's probably already part of your champion pool, but if not, why not? She's a real fan favorite, and everybody knows why. Jinx might not have the best early game in the world, but that's not to say you can't come out on top anyway. But the biggest thing, and the best thing about Jinx is those passive resets in team fights, where you're running around the rift like an absolute machine gunning nutcase and being impossibly hard to shut down. Mastering Jinx is all about perfecting your spacing and understanding those sweet spots with both of your different ranged weapons to constantly deal stupid amounts of damage and just dealing enough to get your first reset before you then farm the next one and continue and rinse and repeat to get penta after penta. Plus, as you put more and more time into Jinx, there's loads of different little tips and tricks and mechanics you'll pick up along the way. All of which adds to the fun of learning and perfecting this pick. Up next at number four, you know who it's going to be. It's Jin. One of the most uniquely but amazingly welldesigned champions in League of Legends and a champion that is always relevant season after season, no matter what changes Riot throws at us. Now, I can't express enough how fun it is to play a full build Jin because with the extra movement speed and the burst you have from your fourth shot passive, you can feel like a god. And to get to that god-like status, you need to learn how to play him in the early and mid game. bullying lanes with bouncing grenades and fourth shots, sniping down enemies with W's and ultimates, and abusing your lead without walking into allout 1v one jewels where this is not where you excel. Instead, you have a very in andout play style. And it takes a bit of getting used to. But when you do get the hang of it, you're going to have so much fun learning this guy. And it doesn't matter what season it is, even in 10 years, people will still be maning Jyn. So give him a go if for some reason you haven't already. Then we have our fifth and final AD carry to main this season. and we've gone for Tristana. Such a traditional and simple AD carry in principle, but that doesn't take anything away from her ability to influence and impact games. So, Tristana can be a bit of a passive pick that can focus on structures and scaling, but she can also be a bit of an aggressive monster. And if you pair her up with aggressive supports like Nautilus or Leona, for example, you can actually get seriously fed. And in no time at all, your burst combo with your E and your ultimate will be blowing up squishies in seconds. And that's not even mentioning her Goomba stomping mobility with those W resets. Tristana might not be as flashy and as fashionable as some other exciting AD carry picks you can play. But if you learn her, you're probably going to see some fantastic results, especially with the right support beside you. Speaking of supports, finally, it's time to check out those here, too. And our first choice in today's video is going to be Yumi. Only joking. We wouldn't advise that level of pain on anyone. Instead, our first champion to main in season 2026 in the support role is going to be Pike. It doesn't really matter what season it is, guys, because Pike is always going to be worth considering as a main champion to add into your champion pool, just simply because of how different he is to every other support pick and how much fun he is to play. From early max range hook into stun combos in the lane phase, getting you and your AD carry super fed to cleaning up team fights and getting pentacills left, right, and center. Now, when you first pick up Pike, it's easy to be pretty poor on him. And to be honest, you could just play someone else and be more effective. But when you get the hang of Pike, he goes from being basically irrelevant to carrying harder than any other support can carry. One of the hardest things to learn about playing Pike, though, is actually being able to survive and do your job. You're extremely squishy, so you need to get in there, land those hooks, land those stuns, and get the hell out of there before you die. Or even if you do die, you need to make sure it was worth it. So, if you're looking for a high-risk, highreward support pick to main, you simply have to try Pike. Up next, our second support to main in season 2026 is Saraphene. And I've always thought Saraphene is kind of how Sona would be if she was released a lot of years later. She's very similar in the fact she's focused on utility, but Saraphene's ultimate just offers that extra level of playmaking potential and also happens to be one of the funnest abilities in the game to use. I could genuinely play Saraphene game after game just because of how fun her ultimate is. And landing a big flash ultimate through entire teams is not only enough to win you the game, but also floods you with so much dopamine you won't even be scrolling Tik Tok till 2:00 a.m. Saraphene is a lot more than just her ultimate, although it is definitely the most fun part of her kit. But she also has her E and Q's and poke and damage and tons of build versatility, too. I mean, AP Saraphene is so much fun. Even if Riot do keep buffing and nerfing it season after season because they don't really know which way they want her to go in. But the fact is Saraphene support will always be viable and always understated. She's never going to get banned. She's very rarely actually played when you compare her to other supports. So if you do main her and you want to one trick her, you'll almost always get her. And I don't think too many players ever really mind having a Saraphene on their team because on a very fundamental level she offers loads of utility and on a very high level her ultimate can win the game. Simple as that. Next up, our third support is another creative playmaking wizard. Well, not really a wizard, but a chimey beast. It's Bard. And if you've watched our videos before, you'll already know just how much I enjoy playing Bard and enjoy having Bards on my team. Well, as long as they're half decent, at least. But Bard for me is up there with some of the most fun you can have in League of Legends. He has the perfect level of silly innocence with magical journeys and chimes, but his skill expression and skill ceiling is absolutely bonkers. There's a reason why there's so many high healer on one trick bar players at the top ranks. Cuz if you do get good enough on him, there's simply no rank you can't climb to. From perfectly creative ways to use your stuns to immaculately executed roams getting your other laners ahead and then of course you've got your ultimate. One of the most versatile ultimates in the game full stop. It can literally your whole team and make you lose the game. Or it can set up the perfect engage for your Malight to swoop in, press his ultimate, and force an instant FFO. I'm going to stop there, guys, because I could genuinely talk about Bard all day. So, let's move on to the next support pick to main this season in Braum. Another real fan favorite really. I mean, he's handsome and bold and from Frow and he looks awesome. But, it helps that he's actually a pretty effective pick, too. Especially so so far this season. Bum is one of those picks you just love having on your team just for his passive alone. And then you factor in his big meaty shield to block all those sorts of skill shots. You've got massive AOE ultimates and just a shedload of peel and protection to add to the pile. One thing that's super underappreciated about Braum 2 is his ability to combine with certain AD carries like Lucian or Ezra or Caitlyn. People that can proc and abuse his passive really quickly and effectively. These combos can instantly run away with games in no time at all. For me, Braum is that pick that if you are pre-made with your AD carry, there's not many better. That's not to say he can't work out in solo Q2, but in coordinated bot lane gameplay, there's so much fun and LP to be had. Okay guys, that brings us to our final support and final champion in today's video. And our last support is going to be TK. Now, this guy is the definition of meta resistant. I can't remember the last time he was buffed or nerfed, to be honest, but every single time patch after patch, his stats are always insane and nobody ever plays him. There's simply no risk in picking up and maning this guy. Well, only the risk that you might not want to play anything else afterwards because you might farm so much LP that you won't be able to put him down again. The first thing you'll have to learn when playing TK is of course his stuns as it's a bit unique as it works around you and your AD carry, but it also works really effectively around champions that can dash like Lucian or Ezreal or Pike for that matter. I played against a Tar Pipe bot lane once. I don't think I've ever died that many times in a game before, especially before the 10-minute mark. But aside from the stuns, you have so much more to bring to the table in your kit with that constant sustain and a super underappreciated ultimate. And the more you learn him, the better you can time that ultimate to swing huge lateg game team fights and win games for your team. So for an underrated pick to main this season, try. And there you have it, guys. That wraps up our video covering all the best champions to main in season 2026 for every single role. Remember, this video is just a bit of fun and some of our recommendations are safe but expressive and exciting picks to learn, master, and main. Don't forget, you can stay up to date with all the best builds for every champion here on our website. So click the link in the description if you do want to check them out. Thanks for watching. Good luck on the grind and we'll catch you all next time.
