Title: The HIGH ELO Setup for Samira 🌹 (Best Builds & Runes Meta Update Guide)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9re6AZBRApc

Content:
In today's video, I'm covering everything you need to know about Samira in the current meta, like runes, builds, what supports to play with, pretty much everything. If you enjoyed the video, consider subscribing cuz these videos take a lot of effort to make. Okay, let's begin. A lot of people always ask me what champs are actually good with Samira and which ones are bad. So, I went out of my way and made a quick tier list. This is pretty factual, so if you disagree, this is based on win rates pretty much across all elos and my own personal experience, and even discussing it with other Samira OTPs that are at least master elo plus, so this should be pretty accurate. And don't get me wrong, just cuz you have certain champs doesn't mean your game is lost. It might mean your lane is lost and your lane and you're not stomping the 2v2, but just cuz you have a Soraka or a Poppy support doesn't mean you're not going to win the game. I do want to highlight a few picks though because a lot of people think Samira's not great with enchanters, but there are some enchanters Samira actually does pretty well with and the big winner is Nami. Nami Samira is a really good lane. There's also Janna. Janna Samira is pretty good. And then there's Samira Renata, which is also a very good lane. Seraphine is also pretty decent. Zilean is a very broken, nobody really plays it pick. Like Samira Zilean is a really, really good lane. And there are some champs that you might think are good for Samira but aren't really. And the biggest one is Braum. This is one of the worst lanes you can get. It's probably the worst engage {slash} melee support you can get. Very anti-synergy. And sadly, a lot of people think this is good, so you will get a lot of Braums, but this is not a good lane. Pantheon is also not very good. Poppy is not very good. Tahm Kench doesn't feel great. And even Pyke and Rakan don't really feel that good. But at least those a little bit more playable than the ones I just mentioned. So, that's pretty much it for this. So, if you have like a pre-made or a duo, ideally pick something from the top two rows. Now for the bans because people also often ask me what do you really ban on Samira? For me personally, I ban Alistar. This is a very solid ban because it counters Samira and is picked very often when you lock in Samira. Usually, I would always ban a support cuz I feel like the AD carries don't matter that much. And the pick rate also matters. For example, Nilah is the worst match-up possible that you can ever get. The whole literally counters Samira in every way possible, but there's so little Nilah players that I would never ban it. And also, ban according to your own elo. In emerald plus, match-ups like Caitlyn and Smolder aren't really that bad. We win these most of the time according to the win rates. But in bronze, these are horrible match-ups and they're picked very often. So, if you're playing in bronze and you face a lot of Smolders and Caitlyns, these are fine bans. Ideally, go to the site real quick, select your own elo. Like let's say you're gold, maybe take a look at like the past couple patches, click on what Samira is weak against into and kind of pick from these like champions. But pick something that has a high pick rate. You're not going to be banning Taric when Leona is picked like six times the amount. So, ban for your own elo and ban something that's picked a lot. Also, I'd like to mention the worst thing you can do is base it on your own like gut feeling. Like it's very possible that you lost into a Draven three times in a row, but this is the best possible match-up for you in gold. People are winning these lanes most of the time. Like don't base it on your own personal small sample size cuz you might be banning really good match-ups that you're supposed to win. Now for the summoners, there are two clear winners when it comes to summoners and it's barrier and exhaust. Me personally, I always take barrier. And I would also like to mention that there are some very high elo Samira players that do their own thing. There's people in challenger that only take exhaust every game. There's people in challenger that only take barrier every game. So, there isn't really any right or wrong. I think this just comes down to preference. Both are very close in win rate. Barrier usually always has the slight advantage in win rate for the most part across most patches. And I think barrier is also easier to use. Exhaust needs to needs to be timed right. It is better in the 1v1 and like closing people like closing the gap, sticking onto them. But barrier is like a very easy panic button. Barrier will also do stuff in the spots where you can't actually reach your target. Like if a Zyra is ulting you, your exhaust obviously is not going to do anything. So, definitely pick from either one of these two, whichever one feels best to you. Then there's cleanse. Personally, I never take cleanse. I would rather build tenacity items or even a QSS than opt into this bad summoner spell. You can take it. Some higher elo people do take it into match-ups where they can't move. Me personally, I'd rather build mercs the boots, go with the tenacity rune, build a QSS, build a hunger, and still have that combat summoner. It's fine to take it, but the win rate is significantly lower than barrier and exhaust, which could be just cuz you're playing into stuns, which isn't good, but I don't like playing with it. I do want to mention that there's actually quite a few of you that take heal and ignite and even teleport and ghost. In some patches, these look decent, but in some patches, they look horrible. It's just like a really small sample size, but I feel like we don't even really know if this is actually good or not. It looks pretty bad most of the time. So, if you are taking these, I would kind of recommend you swap off them and just take the meta summoners. It's definitely never TP though, guys. Definitely swap off TP. Ignite might be viable. Ghost might be viable. Heal might be viable. But at least don't take TP. For the runes, there's actually a few viable pages, but I would say there's only two that are actually decent. I'm going to start off with the two viable ones that aren't really that good and I wouldn't recommend that you take them. There's the scaling page with sorcery, which is pretty much just free scaling and it will make it so you're strong no matter how well or poorly you do in the game cuz this is going to scale regardless as you level up. Then there's a very defensive page, which is resolve, where you go bone plating and you go revitalize or overgrowth. Don't really like this. This feels like you're kind of conceding the lane. So, you can take these. And I would like to mention the runes don't matter that much. It matters, but it's not like you're going to randomly going to win like 20% more games if you swap to the other page, all right? That's not how the runes work. So, if you do like resolve, feel free to stick onto them. But the two better rune pages are domination and inspiration. Domination is always fine to go. This always has had a good win rate across any patch, across all elos. It's an easy page to use. You don't get any like actives. You just get in there. Sudden impact does damage. Taste of blood heals you. Treasure hunter, so when you kill stuff, you get more gold. Very simple snowballing page. Now for the more interesting page, which is what I take and what most high elo Samira players take, is inspiration. Cashback feels very good and I think this is the big winner on Samira. If you don't know what this does, every time you buy an item, you actually get some gold back. It helps you get your next item and to your next next item and to your next next item. Very good rune. In most patches, the highest win rate rune. If you do go cashback, after that it's kind of flexible. There's three options. You can go cookies, which is what I do, which is very nice for survivability. It makes you a little bit tankier. It gives you max health. It also helps you win the early game all-ins. There's triple tonic, which is more of a level six all-in rune. You get a little elixir that you press right before fighting. Don't press this randomly. Just cuz you have the elixir doesn't mean you should just press it. Save this for a fight. You get some little bit of gold from it and an elixir of skill, which means one more point in your Q or E, which helps a little bit. Small tip, if you take triple tonic or cookies, make sure your item slot like level the first item slot or second item slot is is free. Move your starter item. Move your Dirk out of the way, whatever item you have to make sure you can easily press your actives. If you don't like using actives cuz they confuse you, which is probably a bit common in low elo cuz these are obviously not good if you're not going to press them, then you can also go cosmic insight, which just means you have more summoner haste. You have more flashes up. You have more barriers up. More exhausts up. But all very good viable runes that you can take if you prefer them. Definitely either take domination or inspiration though if you want to play optimally. And once again, cuz I know there's going to be at least one person watching this is going to be like, "What about dark harvest? What about dark harvest? It feels so good." This rune looks once again for the millionth patch in a row extremely horrible on Samira. Do not get baited by taking this rune. It always has a negative win rate. It is not good. Don't take dark harvest. You will win more games. I promise. For the minor keystones, the first one is preference. You can take attack speed or AD. I take attack speed. If you prefer the AD, that's fine as well. Second one, you should pretty much always take AD here, I think. Third one's actually interesting. All of them are fine. The earlier health one usually has the higher win rate than the scaling health one. If you struggle with the early game, take the early game health. If you struggle with the late game, take the scaling health. The tenacity rune is a hidden OP though. I take this all the time. This is very good. This is for me standard into like Ashe, Braum, Leona. A lot of people don't know this exists, but it's actually pretty insane, especially comboed with mercs, which is why I don't like taking cleanse. I like to opt into the tenacity rune and then building mercs. So, if you plan into a lot of stuns and a lot of slows, definitely take this. It's very viable. Even just comparing it, it sounds pretty crazy. Like what sounds better? Imagine you're playing into Leona or a Mummu jungle. Would you want 65 health or 15% less duration on any stun for the whole game starting level one? I would I would take the stun resist, thank you. Paired with like a BT, you can just like tank through the stuns, heal back up. Very nice rune. For the boots, and this will probably be a long section cuz I know a lot of people struggle with this. It's also pretty important. But there's three viable boots. Armor boots, mercs, swifties. Swifties, technically speaking, are the best boots. They have the highest win rate, but you can only build these very situationally. Then it's mercs, which is ironic because usually if you're buying mercs, you're playing into stuns, which isn't good for Samira, which makes me think these are actually like kind of OP. Then there's armor boots, which are also pretty good. Okay, so now you're probably wondering, when do I build which one? And the first thing I have to mention is that if you're playing with cleanse, which I personally never do and I wouldn't recommend that you do, then there's less value in going mercs cuz you already you already committed a whole summoner to not being stunned. So, if you do play with cleanse, I would recommend going armor boots or swifties. Swifties are really good, but you only buy these if you're if you're winning, the enemy team isn't too strong, they don't really have fed assassins, they don't have too many stuns. It's like greedy, like can you get away with going swifties? It's also good into slows. It's good into like Ash for example, sticking onto certain targets like a Jhin who's very fast, Nasus slow, Zilean. Mercs is also good into the slows though. If you don't know what the difference is, the swifties reduce the strength of the slow, while mercs reduce the duration of the slow. So you're in short, not too many stuns, people aren't too many fed, you're kind of winning, buy swifties. You walk around the map faster, you can stick onto targets, you can follow your engagement easier. You're fast. It's good. They're also cheap which is nice. Cheapest boots you can buy. It's never berserker's greaves. If you are buying these, don't buy them. These are the worst boots you can get. Oh, I will say you can actually go CDR boots. These aren't completely terrible, they're very cheap, and they actually go well with cosmic insight. If you are cosmic insight player, you can pair them with these to have more flash, more barrier, more exhaust. But they're again also pretty greedy cuz they're not defensive like mercs and armor boots. Okay, so let's say you're not playing with cosmic insight, you're either losing the game or there's too many dangers, there's too many stuns, so you can't go swifties. How do you then decide between armor boots and mercs? And this all comes down to what you're playing into and how strong are those champions. If they're full AD, even if they have stuns, it's obviously armor boots. Build some tenacity items. Or AP champs, three AP champs, most likely it's going to be mercs. You need to not get tunnel vision. Imagine you're playing into a Jinx and the Jinx has a Brand support and an Amumu jungle and a LeBlanc mid lane. You might be here like, "Wow, I need armor boots for the Jinx, she's hitting me so much." But you need mercs here. You can't move into their support, their jungler, you can't move, they're AP, their mid laner's AP. I would 100% go mercs here even though I'm laning into a Jinx. So don't get too baited by just your match up opponent. I'll give you a couple of composition examples. This game for example, I'm playing into Camille, Viego, Twisted Fate, Nilah, Lulu. Their stuns are Viego W, Camille E, which is like a knock up. Keep in mind mercs don't work on knock ups. TF gold card which you can W. If you can W their CC, there's less value in you going mercs. Nilah which has a knock up, Lulu which has a polymorph that you can also W. So they have a triple AD threat and most of their stuns are W-able anyway. So this seems like a pretty straightforward armor boots game. This game they have a Draven top. Yes, really. Mundo jungle, Sylas mid lane, and Veigar Shen bot lane. You should be looking at this being like, "Holy you cannot move, you need mercs." Playing into an AP bot laner who's going to stun me. This guy's going to stun me. This guy's AP so there's added value, so there's triple AP, and they have a decent amount of stuns. So even though their top side's pretty strong and Draven is their main carry, I need mercs here or I cannot move. So this is a really interesting game cuz here I'm actually laning into a Leona. But looking at their team, they're very AD all of tech heavy. Draven, even Kog'Maw even though he's building AP, Wukong, and Olaf. Triple AD threat. Their only stunning champ is Leona, so I wouldn't say this is enough for you to go mercs. Armor boots are good value here. And if there is like a one stunning champ like Leona, you can always opt into QSS. This game I'm playing into an Amumu, a Nocturne, an Akshan, an Asol, and a Quinn. Their CC is Asol ult, Nocturne fear, and then Quinn E and and Amumu ult which are knock ups which mercs doesn't do anything into. So it's never mercs. So then it's armor boots which is decent value into four of their champs or it's swifties. But they're all pretty much losing, I'm winning, swifties is good into Asol slow with Rylai's, so I go for the greedy boots and I stomp. And every game is situational in the sense of how strong are people, how good are they. Here I'm playing into a Poppy, but I thought this Poppy was not very good. No flame. They weren't really landing any stuns, so I'm not going mercs here. Triple AD threat, AP mid laner. Another game where I'm playing into a Draven which is pretty oppressive, but I'm playing into a Veigar, Leona, and an AP top laner. So double AP into double AD, but they have two like turbo stunners where I basically can't move most of the time. Like you need mercs here. You can see that even my Gwen went mercs even though he's jungling into a Kha'Zix. All right, I'll do a few more sorry cuz I just want to give you guys a really good idea on how I decide cuz they do matter quite a bit. Here again, stunning support and this is quite a like long stun, the Braum passive, and this is like also an what do you call it like an unavoidable stun. Eventually you're going to get stunned by this. Stunning champ, stunning jungler, double AP, so mercs has decent value. And on top of that, their AD threats are not doing too well. So mercs. Yasuo which is a very auto attacking heavy champion, AD top laner, not really AP Malphite but AP mid laner. But knock up, knock up, knock up, knock up. Mercs doesn't do anything here. Armor boots protects me from a triple AD threat, so you go armor boots. Here I'm playing into Seraphine, Jhin, Ekko, Jarvan, and Singed. And it kind of feels like into this comp you can't really move that well. Seraphine can ult you and root you, Jhin can root you, Ekko can stun you with a W, Jarvan can knock you up, and this guy can flip you and slow you with Rylai's. So you might be like, "Okay, mercs looks okay here." It's also triple AP. And I would maybe lean towards AP if the Ekko and Singed were like really strong. Then maybe I would go mercs. But I'm doing super well. Their top laner's losing, their mid laner isn't doing too hot. Ekko W is a pretty avoidable stun. It's not like a Leona that's just going to queue you. I can W the Seraphine ult anyway which is going to be your game plan most of the time. Jarvan EQ is a knock up, so I think armor boots are better here. And I also could have gotten away with swifties. Here's one more, I'm doing really well in this game. Playing into a stunning support. They have double AP threat. Even though I'm playing into a Kai'Sa who's actually doing pretty decently, and they have an AD top laner, they have an AP jungler with stuns, an AP mid laner for extra like MR value that also kind of stuns you, and then a stunning support. This is pretty much a clear mercs game to me. Okay, I hope that was somewhat helpful. It's it's hard to explain this cuz there's so many different factors that can impact it. In short, if you didn't want to watch any of that, swifties are good but greedy, buy them if you're winning into low CC and not many threats. Armor is good into heavy AD comps when there isn't a lot of stuns. Mercs is good into a lot of stuns that you can't avoid or W. And into heavy AP comps. CDR boots are good with cosmic insight. Of course, I also want to say that there will also be spots where both boots are fine, right? It's not always one absolute like you need armor boots here, you can never build the other ones. Like no, it's fine. But there will be games where you like really need mercs or you can't move and it will probably cost you the game if you don't buy mercs there. So think about what's optimal, think about what you need, but there will also be games where it really doesn't matter that much. Okay, now for the items and I'll try to keep this as short as possible. First I'll mention a few items that I don't think you should buy ever. Hex optics. A lot of people want this to be like an item on Samira. Um it sounds good until you realize that Samira Q and ult are not attack, so you don't get any like damage bonus from it. Doesn't synergize at all with Samira. Don't buy this. Serpent's fang. Would not recommend buying this. You might be like, "Oh, but I'm laning into a Lulu." You get reduced value on this item if you're a ranged character. This is normally an item for melee champions. And most of the time, if not all of the time, buying an actual damage item will do more than you would anti-shield with anti-shield. So you might be like, "Oh, nice, I did 600 anti-shield in one fight." Okay, but if you just had a collector there, you probably would have done more damage than that. So it's kind of a bait. Essence reaver. Not very viable. Doesn't really work on your Qs. Can build it for fun, but this is not meta and will not be meta. One thing to address is BT. So Samira got buffed, life steal's better on her now, but BT rush was really really bad on her and it's still really bad on her. The win rate on it looks terrible compared to any other starting item. And I think this is actually ironic cuz I think this is why Samira got the life steal buff cuz people were rushing BT and it wasn't looking very good stat wise. But even back then, third item BT and later was looking very good stat wise. But now people are like, "Okay, it got buffed so it's good now as a first item." No, it's still bad, but it's even better as a third or later item. So don't get baited by rushing it. Personally, I never BT rush. Don't think any of the high elo Samira players BT rush ever. So keep BT for a third or later item. Okay, so now we get to the starter items. There's realistically three items you can rush and it's collector, Hubris, and Infinity Edge. Infinity Edge is something that not many people build first, but you can and I've done it quite a bit. I've forced it for like 100 games. And it's a very very strong first item and probably the strongest first item. But the thing is you already kind of need to be winning and to be rich to be able to buy this because you need to be able to buy the BF sword. So keep in mind that this is an option as a first item if you are like super hard winning. The crit damage early game will be insane. Then there's Hubris, this is also a snowballing item. Got made super cheap and is actually pretty decent on Samira. The win rate says it's better than collector currently which makes sense cuz you would get both this and IE when you're winning. But very viable and fun item. So now you're wondering, "Okay, but which one do I go then?" And it's kind of hard to say. I can't really tell you for sure. The win rate says IE is better as a rush item in every patch in like the past couple months since the Hubris change. But Hubris will eventually out scale because when you get more AD, your crits will crit harder off that AD. If you want to max early game damage, to max snowball potential, like stomp, run over your lane, IE will always do the most damage. So what about the standard collector rush? This still looks fine. This kind of just seems like if you're unsure or maybe you're losing or you can't tell if you're going to be snowballing, then just go collector. Win rate on it looks good. Not as good as Hubris and IE, but it still looks fine. If you go collector rush, it's always IE second. If you go Hubris rush, it's always Collector's Second. And if you go IE rush, it's always Collector's Second. I will also mention a lot of people ask me all the time, "Why not Lord Dominik's Second? This item is insane. It does so much damage." Lord Dominik's Second is the worst win rate second item in the game. This never looks good in any patch. So, if it really was that much better, I think it would kind of reflected in the win rate, but it never does ever. So, I would not recommend buying Lord Dominik's Second. So, your first two items should always be damage items like Collector and IE, and then you need to look yourself in your games what you need. If you are losing, always rush the max damage because you can't afford to play for survivability if you're behind anyway. So, if you're going Collector into IE and you're losing and people are fed and they're higher level, you're going Lord Dominik's. You need to. There will also be games where you're doing pretty well. Let's say you go like Hubris into Collector and now you're like, "Okay, I'm doing super well, but they've like a really fed Kha'Zix and a fed mid laner, a fed Rengar. Maybe they don't have that many tanks or like tanky champions." You're not really going Lord Dominik's here third. You need some sort of survivability to maintain your bounty, to be able to like stay on the map. This is where BT becomes really good. And you can even go Shieldbow here. You can also go Hunger, which also win rate says it's pretty good as a third and later item. But this is where you kind of have like I can't just tell you like, "Okay, build this and do this." This You always have to decide for yourself what's happening in your game. I'm leaning very often into a defensive item third. Setup also matters. If you already have like a ton of peel and you have like really good setup and you're playing into a really easy comp to like win anyway, you could be like, "Okay, well, I'm just going max damage and I'll play with my Nautilus and one shot their carries." So, setup also matters with what you're building. That's pretty much how you build. You build your two standard items followed by what you need, into then followed by whatever you didn't build yet. Your last crit item for example, like Shieldbow. Maybe you crit the LDR earlier and now you can go to BT. You can go to super greedy Hubris build where you go full glass cannon max damage. You can kind of swap these around however you want. Try not to delay your LDR by too much. Like I would never go BT into Shieldbow into then like Lord Dominik's. That is way too late. And like I said, to finish off the build, you're just building what you haven't really built yet. Don't have your Shieldbow yet, build it as a fifth item. Don't have your BT yet, build it as a fifth item followed by a final defensive item or offensive item. There's also a few situational items to make it a little bit more complicated because you can for example build a QSS. You can even build a Maw of Malmortius. You can build a Death's Dance. You can build some defensive item like Spirit Visage, Warmog's Armor, GA. These are all viable defensive items. I would ideally save these as a very last item or you could get them earlier if they have like huge value. Like you're playing into a full AP comp. But these are nice items to finish off like your sixth item build or earlier if you think they have great value. If you have any questions about certain builds or even if you were like confused about, feel free to send me a screenshot of one of your games and you're like, "Yeah, I didn't really quite figure out what to build here." Let me know and I'll gladly answer it for you. I know the building can look complicated. If you really don't want to listen to any of what I just said and you're like, "You know what? Just give me a build, bro. Give me a build I can force every game." Here's some very easy forcible builds. If you have any questions about anything I said in the video, feel free to let me know in the comments. And if you thought it was helpful, consider subscribing. Thank you.
