Title: DIANA UNLEASHED - Full Deck Guide for the New Meta | Riftbound: League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avZP6DsTqgk

Content:
What's up, everyone? Lion Rawr here, and Unleashed is in full swing. Now, a number of you told me in my tier list video that I had rated Diana too low. And you know what? You might have a point. All right. So, several of you were so passionate about Diana needing to be rated higher, I went ahead and built the deck and took it to Nexus Knight, and let me tell you what, that was some of the most fun I've ever had playing Riptide. This might be one of my new favorite decks, but let me tell you what, it is a really challenging deck. It is a rewarding deck at the same time. So, I definitely need to get better at playing it, but I can see how powerful it is at this point. Blue and purple got a lot of really good cards in this new set, and in fact, I think that they're going to benefit Ezreal as well, so it's hard to say at this time for me which deck's going to be better, Diana or Ezreal, but I have a feeling they both have a chance to be two of the better decks in the format. Now, one of the reasons I wanted to play it at Nexus Knight as well is because I expected a lot of people to be playing LeBlanc the first week. That seems to be one of the most popular decks, and well, any deck that runs Gust is going to be great against LeBlanc. So, I wanted to have a good match up there. Thing is, I think everybody else decided the same thing, so when I went to Nexus Knight, it seemed like most people were actually playing blue purple, either Diana or Ezreal, and there were a few other decks sprinkled in between. I only saw one person playing LeBlanc, surprisingly enough, but I didn't get matched up against that. It was a lot of uh blue purple mirror-like matches. So, let's take a look at this deck list, and it is pretty similar to a lot of the Diana deck list floating around out there, but I did make some of my own tweaks to it just with cards I feel more comfortable with, and I'll explain all the card choices here, but first, of course, we have Diana, Scorn of the Moon, um and her ability says at reaction speed, you can tap her to add one energy and spend this energy only during showdowns. Um and I had mentioned in my previews of all the Legends, I thought that would be pretty good cuz um Kai'Sa does a similar thing with power uh and when you can gain an advantage like that a little bit of ramp um then it's always beneficial um and can be very good. Uh it seemed to me like it would be a little limiting to be just during showdown. So my thought was if you're going to play blue purple, still makes sense to play Ezreal. But actually I think this Diana and the Ezreal decks are pretty similar in power level. I think Ezreal's going to be a little lower to the ground um and uh more controlling tempo-y while Diana is too uh she does have some units that are are a little bit bigger which uh you'll see in a moment. But we're using Diana Lunari as the champion unit. So this is the rare one. It says when a showdown begins here you may pay one energy. If you do predict, so that's where you look at the top uh card of your deck and you can decide if you want it there or not and then if you don't you can put it on the bottom. Um and if it's a spell, you draw it. So so you reveal it and then you draw it if it's a spell. If it's You don't have to put it on the bottom of your deck by the way. You can reveal a unit and or a gear and put it back on top of your deck. That's totally fine. I've done that before. Um especially with some of the bomb cards we have in this. All right. So taking a look at the units, we have 16 units in this list. Um one is Plundering Poro. Some people will play Traveling Merchant in this position. I think either is fine. In fact, I started out with Traveling Merchant. I just felt like all the cards are so good in this deck that more often than not I didn't want to be discarding things with Traveling Merchant. Uh but there is some synergy if you do play Traveling Merchant in the slot uh with Fizz Trickster um and also with Last Rites. So you know, there is a case to be made even if they're good cards. If you know you have these, you can pitch the ones that you can then play back later if you need to. So do keep that in mind. I just felt like when I was playing it, I needed the the energy more. I needed to be able to do more things. Um so, I am going to experiment with Plundering Poro for now, although I did already play around with the Traveling Merchant. I just feel like whatever you're most comfortable with here, and I'll settle on one. I'm just not settled yet on that slot. I'm going to interrupt for just a moment because I noticed a number of you who are watching are not yet subscribed. So, if you would kindly consider doing so and liking and hyping the video, too, I would much appreciate it. We do have three Ravenbloom Students. Uh when you play spell, give me plus one might this turn. This thing can get pretty big pretty fast, um especially with some of the battlefields that you can play uh that have synergy with it. Uh and since Diana wants you to be playing spells, drawing spells, and Ravenbloom Student does, you got a lot of good synergy there. Um two Tide Turners. I'm sure you all know why Tide Turner is good, but it's especially good in this deck because of Wei, which we'll get to in a moment. Um so, obviously Fizz good one for playing things out of your trash. If you have the Traveling Merchant, you can pitch things there that you need to uh to just bring back later. Uh but what I like better is being able to actually play the spell, then play Fizz, and then play it out of the trash. Um so, that's always nice, and we are loaded with a lot of spells that Fizz can play. Um we have uh two Vex Apathetics in this deck, and this is a flex spot, too. So, I'm playing Vex because I expected to see a lot of LeBlanc, which can just make a lot of those temporary units dead in the water. Um also, I expected that even though I don't think Lillia will be a like an S or A-tier deck, I think it'll be a pretty good deck, and it's very aggressive. It can be A-tier in the right meta, for sure. Uh but, that's another deck that's just dead in the water when Vex is on a battlefield. Plus, um last night when I was playing in my Nexus night, I played two Ezreal decks and one Fiora deck, and Fiora likes to have units come out ready. Um and when they do that, this Vex also slows their deck down. So, that's not the only one. There's lots There's lots of decks in this meta now that are going to be running ambush units. And like, think about Kai'Sa coming out accelerated. And this just kills all of that. So, this is an extremely powerful card. I think most decks playing purple should probably be playing this. I mean, it kind of depends on what their deck is, but um it just seems too good not to play it. Uh then we've got three Hwei, Brooding Painter. I think this is a card I saw in the previews and thought looked pretty good, but it didn't stand out to me. And then I played with it and I was like, "Dang, this card is broken. This is so good." Uh it says, "When I move, draw one, then discard one. Then do one of the following based on the discarded type." So, first of all, just noting that when you move, you draw. Up to this point of Riftbound, when we've seen an an effect like this, you've had to discard first and then draw. Now, you can draw, get the full lay of what's in your hand, and then pitch either the worst card or whatever's going to work with this the strategy that you have here. Because if you discard a spell, you get to draw one. And this can create incredible card advantage for you. I mean, the way we've built this deck, you can move Hwei all over the place several times a turn potentially. A lot of times on your opponent's turn. Um so, you're drawing so many cards. Um or you can pitch a geared ready to runes. Or you can pitch a unit to give her a plus three might this turn. Um incredible. Like, basically, whenever you have the ability to play this as early as possible, do it. I mean, if you have to play around protecting it for like a turn, like, okay, but as soon as you can get this out, you should. Uh we have 2,000 Tail Watchers. And the reason we have two and not three is because Hwei is actually so good, we really only need the 1,000 Tail Watchers to come in and potentially be clean up. Uh because when you think about what Hwei's ability he with the pitching a unit to get plus three might, that makes her bigger than Thousand-Tail Watcher. Because he Thousand-Tail Watcher seven might, and this is eight might pitching unit. And if you can move it multiple times, it can go like 11 and then 14. So, anyway, um Thousand-Tail Watcher, you know why it's good. It comes in, it can act as a removal in a lot of cases. There's synergy with the Bellows Breath that we have down here. Um if they have units four might or smaller, um you can you can clean up through units uh that are in one location, which is really good. We have one Last Rites here, and that's because there's a lot of decks in this uh meta that are going to be uh killing our units. And again, if you're if you're playing the Traveling Merchant style, you're going to be pitching them, and you can bring them back with Last Rites if you need to. So, um there's there's a case to be made the Traveling Merchant should be in here for this one. It makes it better. Um but it's here to just get some redundancy, especially against control decks. Like, if you're going to play against Kaiser, you're going to play against like a potentially Victor deck or something like that that's killing a lot of your units, um then this is really good. Uh all right, so in the spell slot, I already talked about Bellows Breath and the synergy that had. Uh we have three Gusts, which is excellent against LeBlanc and Lillia. Basically, just uh stopping the other opponent's tempo. It's actually It's extremely good in mirror matches, too. So, whether it's Ezreal or it's Diana that you're going up against, um there's a lot of things that you're going to want to Gust to just keep them from scoring points. Um you do have to be careful with it, though, because of course uh you don't necessarily want to be Gusting their Ezreal or their Fizz a whole lot. Um if that's what they have. But basically, Gust is just really good pseudo removal, being able to send something back to their hand. And although they can replay it, uh if you get them behind on points and you're ahead and you stay ahead, uh it's what this tempo deck is trying to do. And also, at least early on in this Unleashed meta, you can be a little tricky with this one. If you appear like you're tapped out, but your Diana's still untapped, good players are going to recognize that you can still spend that one energy, but a lot of people it messes up the math in their head, and then they're a little too reckless going into a battlefield and then you can gust away their unit. It throws off their math. They end up getting blown out. Just so so good. But like look at all these spells that cost one in this deck that you can tap that Diana for and surprise people. You got the Bellows Breath that we just talked about if you only want to use it once. Um you've got Stacked Deck obviously one of the best spells to be able to filter through your deck, get exactly what you need. Um you can do that in a showdown. Stupefy again same thing. Um it messes up the math. Maybe they're not expecting it. You get to draw and filter. Just so good. We've got 10 spells like this in our deck that you can do that with. Um now we also have a counter spell here and I would really like to fit a second abandon in this but I've got one in it for now. Um and I had struggled whether I wanted it to be hard bargain or abandon but I settled on abandon for this reason. It is really tough on your opponents whenever you bounce a spell that has any kind of power cost. But think about some of the best removal in this meta has a two power cost. Like for example Falling Star or a repeated Bellows Breath or maybe they punch first or maybe they use Singularity or Imperial Decree or something like that. If you bounce it and then they're forced to have to try to play it again. They could go down four runes having to do that. Even for spells that have just a single power cost having to pay two for that can really put them behind on tempo. That's why I want to fit a second one in here but like I said I'm still experimenting and it's really hard for me to find something else to cut for that. Maybe you can let me know in the comments what you would do to make more room for abandon but I I like this spell a lot. I also have one flash in here. Um and I used to have two but I I knocked it down to one because I found um I only really needed this like once a game and you're filtering through the deck so much that this tends to come up regardless. Um but this is a really good one, uh, to save some of our units, which we don't have like a ton of units. Um, we're not like unit light, uh, but it can hurt if they do find a way to sneak in some kind of board wiping thing for the battlefields, and you just need to pull them back. Uh, we've got three ride the winds, and this is what makes Quay so good. Just so, so good. Because not only do you get to move like normal to a battlefield to attack or move backwards, um, but now, uh, you can kind of give her you can kind of make her ready by like playing her out and then riding the wind straight into a battlefield, um, potentially pitching a unit, making her big, or being able to draw a card, or like whatever you need to do. Or you can hold this up and wait till your opponent's turn and move her around. Um, and once you get her going with ride the wind, uh, she is unstoppable. And because ride the wind, uh, is within that, uh, energy cost that you can play out your Fizz, uh, Fizz can keep bringing this back, too. Um, so it's just so good. And you can keep bringing your Fizz back with the last rites, by the way. So, there's just so much redundancy in the deck, and that's what makes it so powerful. We also have two eclipse, um, really great way it says, uh, to to shrink units, uh, to give a unit minus four might this turn. Um, and then you can predict. Don't forget this part. I think a lot of players forget the second part of the text here. It's not just giving negative four might, you can also predict, which again provides that redundancy we're talking about. It is re- reaction speed, and it doesn't say to a minimum of one might. So, give a unit negative four might to a minimum of one? No, it's negative four might. Um, so you can make some units go negative might, and then they have to work really hard to try and get their might back up. Um, and, uh, so this is an excellent card. I've had, um, opponents, uh, try to use challenge, and then you react and give their unit negative four might, and then all of a sudden they accidentally kill their own unit with their spell. It's so good. It's so good. Uh now we have Moonfall, which I think is up there with Rengar's spell as being one of the best spells in this meta. Moonfall says, "Choose battlefield where you have units. You may move up to one enemy unit to that battlefield." So, it's kind of like a charm. Then give enemy units there negative two might this turn. Notice it says, "Then give enemy units there negative two might." Not the one you moved, all of them. So, you can attack into a battlefield of like, let's say, three or four might, um units, bring another one in, shrink them all, and basically this becomes, um one of blue and purple's best board wiping opportunities. That's one reason to play Diana over Ezreal is this spell right here. Now, arcane shift is good for Ezreal, but this is something else. I'm telling you what, and especially when you can use Fizz on it, too. So, um it is ah it is so good. Uh Star Crossed, um this is one of the new ones from Unleashed, as well, where you can play it at reaction speed, by the way. Return a friendly unit and an enemy unit to their owner's hand, so it's kind of like rebuke with a better power cost. Course, the energy's up one more, but you're going to want to return units to your own hand that then you get a play effect again on. So, like, I have absolutely Star Crossed my Tide Turner to be able to move my way around, um some more, or Fizz to play out more things, or, you know, whatever. So, uh another great spell that works well in this for the battlefields. We have Abandoned Hall. When a player plays a spell, they may give a unit they control here plus one might. For obvious reasons, this is good. You just have to watch out for those mirror matches cuz they can benefit from it, too. Same thing with Ravenbloom Conservatory from the last set. Uh when you defend here, reveal the top card of your main deck. If it's a spell, put it in your hand. Of course, other mirror matches, they're going to be able to benefit from this, too. And since it looks like there's a lot of When I I mirror, I'm talking about Diana, but also Ezreal, as well. They're they're going to be able to benefit from this, too. So, you have to be careful, but um Targon's Peak uh when you conquer here ready two ruins at the end of this turn. This is the one I like to play when I know I'm going first, okay? The one I play out blind is the Ravenbloom Conservatory. The one I play out when I know I'm going first is Targon's Peak, and then the other one is Abandoned Hall uh when I know I'm going second because you can attack into this one um and get the plus one might when you play a spell. So, it doesn't matter if you claim the battlefield first or not, you're going to be able to play along with what it does. Uh so, yeah. I I like uh attacking Targon's Peak when I know I can go first and and get that, and then I'm just I'm just kind of hounding that battlefield all game and and keeping my uh two runes open uh giving me more options on my opponent's turn. All right. As far as uh runes go, we've got six chaos runes, six mind rune. The power requirements in this deck are pretty even down the middle, so that's why I did that. In the sideboard, I've got two existential dread. Um and this this can be a repeat spell, so don't forget that. But it's another one you can play for one uh with that Diana up, and this is one I like to use against the decks that have bigger units, so like Master Yi or Aurora decks. Um just, you know, you take the battlefields early, and then you just keep returning using all these spells to like return things to their hand, but I'll bring in the existential dread to like stun them as well. Um but this can also act as a sort of rebuke because you play it once to stun it, you can play it a second time to stun it again, and then it gets returned to its owner's hand, or you can stun two things that are coming in. Whatever works best for this one. It's another flexible spell. Here's our other Abandon I'd like to see in the main deck, but right now I have it in the sideboard. Uh we have three Turn to Dust, and so this is a gear hate for obvious reasons. There's a lot of Aurora decks out there, but also if you play against Azir, this is going to be good. Give a gear temporary um and then it dies at its owner's beginning step. Um then we have another Star Crossed in the sideboard again. Just if you're going up against big units you're going to want something like this. Um, and then an unchecked power. So, as you can tell we have heavily geared this sideboard for any sort of big unit deck we're going against. And there you have it. That's what makes Diana so good in this new meta. Uh, we're going to have to see how the meta evolves, but it is absolutely a fun deck and something that's extremely powerful. Uh, let me know in the comments what you think about it, how you've geared it, if you've played against it or played with it. And if you enjoy videos like this, make sure to like, subscribe, and hit that hype button and I will catch you in the next one.
