Title: BEST WASD Settings for League of Legends (High Elo ADC Guide)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Z-ZsxkZcmA

Content:
Okay, I'm going to go over a settings video for WASD. So, obviously you want w a s d. And you can set stuff to q e r f at block tab shift control and see the overlay I have on the stream. Um so the way I like to do it is having your middle finger ring finger and index finger for your movement. But obviously if you want to hit q you're not going to hit q with your pinky. So, it's got to be something that you're going to quickly tap rarely. So, for me it's the target champions only. You can see the red gem inside the cursor turning on and off. Right there. Um cuz you're only going to turn that on you know once at the start of a fight. Quickly release your WASD for that or like your ultimate can stay on r if you want since you'll only press it once per fight. But I don't recommend putting like your q on q. But anyway So, my settings are all set up to mouse buttons. So, I have WASD for movement and then I have alt Right now you can't see that I'm holding alt but not on my overlay but hold alt to level up. Level up. Target champions only. And then alt plus mouse button alt plus mouse button. You see the little things lighting up. And middle mouse wheel for my ultimate. Right. So, this button is my main spam button. Then side mouse buttons for abilities and then middle mouse button for the ultimate. That way I can always keep WASD while doing my attacks. Um and then same reason for caps lock and shift since they're not like something you're going to be pressing a lot. You can put those on r f if you wanted to. I have shop on g but I thought about moving it to f but the issue is if I fat finger when I'm trying to move right. I put it on g. That's another issue you have if you put flash on f. When you're moving to the right you might fat finger your flash. But I put them on tab. Or sorry on my pinky. And my pinky hits tab to see the score. Hits tab to caps lock tab to flat or a caps lock to barrier shift to flash. And then control is used for um this one of the aiming ability. My this is where you set the the cast for indicator. I don't use it very much. I use it a lot more when I did um the old way click to move. I'll use like aiming Kaiser W's for example. Yeah, I haven't really should probably try to get into the habit of pressing it more. Oh right, I have r set up to cancel. So, what cancel would be like if you Let's say if you wanted to press this but then you decided you don't want to. Press r and it doesn't work. Oh, it does. I see. You have to release control. But yeah, there you go. Interesting. You can hold the spell that way. Uh two three and four set up to not quick cast. So, that when I play support I put wards on number two. And then this way you can see when your ward's going to be in the bush cuz it'll have the green circle around the cursor. Right. See, it'll just do it. But the rest are all on quick cast. Yeah, and then I have camera control for my teammates. Is zxcv. If I was clicking I wanted to see what they were doing. Uh movement cursor to blind so when I flash if I'm this I flash to the left even though my cursor's to the right. I've had this bug out a couple times like when I'm stunned or something. I'm holding right and spamming flash. It'll think that my character's not moving so I'll flash to my cursor. Like that. So, something to think about. I have color blind mode on to give me the golden health bar so it stands out more. For camera you shouldn't use a locked camera anymore. Uh free camera is definitely best but if you're not confident or comfortable bumping the camera around then you should use the dynamic camera. But there is really no reason to use the locked camera since dynamic is basically locked but slightly better. I like using fixed offset but for side offset it's fine. This makes it so when you center the camera your character is centered based on the side of the map you're on. Uh probably wouldn't recommend semi-locked where you kind of set the distance yourself. But if you like it go for it. And then in interface there's some important settings like you want show loss of control UI. It makes it so a little bar shows how long your cursor is stunned for or slowed for or whatever. Off-screen pings to help you see what's happening. Uh I would say disable heads-up display clicks so you don't accidentally click your flash. The WASD range indicator is really nice. Uh show spell costs is good so you can calculate if you have enough mana to do your combo. Show timestamps is really good. And you need to have this one on. Experience is off by default. But you should really have it on because it'll let you see I hit the wrong button. It'll let you see when you're in range. Cuz sometimes the lane phase will be really hard. And if that's the case then you might be playing on the very edge of your exp range. But the fastest way to learn what that range is is to have this little thing popping up. So, you'll know if these guys will die and I won't get any. See? A very good setting to turn on. I would say turn item component purchasing off so you don't accidentally buy something you don't want and turn auto attack off so you don't like attack when you're in bushes and stuff. Now we're going to cover how to double bind your space bar. So, you go to your hot keys. You go to camera control. Center camera on champion space bar. And save. Exit game. And close the client. Find your League of Legends file in file explorer. Uh you'll have input and persistent settings. In a comment I said that you're supposed to change the setting in input but I think you're supposed to change it in persistent settings. So, open that up in notepad. It'll look like this. Kind of. First one up. And then you press control f and open up a search bar for whatever reason mine's like blacked out that you can't see it but little search bar is up there in the black part. Type in character. Hit enter. You can see it shows >> [snorts] >> show character menu. Then show character menu and then you just type in uh space as the value. And then that way when you press space it'll center the camera on yourself and uh show your advanced character stats which is what shows you your attack range. Uh just set them both to space. And then file save. It doesn't pop up on stream for whatever reason but save close and there you go. And when you relaunch the game it'll work.
