Title: Malzahar mid is BROKEN with this *NEW* rune
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fdO5IgkzWw

Content:
Today we're going to be playing one of the most broken champions of this patch. We're playing Malzahar mid lane. The reason Malzahar is so good mid lane now is well, he got Deathfire Touch. Before you had to take Comet, which is slightly worse. Now he actually has a dedicated rune. He's one of the highest win rate champions in I think gold and above. So, that's why we're taking him out for a spin here. He does incredibly incredibly well. We're playing against Karma. This is around platinum MMR. The goal is just going to be try to shove Karma in as much as possible. We have four AP champions on my team, so you'd imagine there's going to be quite a few merc treads on the enemy team, which is going to suck. We want to be playing Deathfire Touch. I've seen some people run Malignance on Malzahar. I don't think it's good. I think there can be certain instances where the enemy team is very squishy or you're playing for one shots, you can play it, but don't even worry about it. Just play Deathfire Blackfire Torch. Also, if you guys do enjoy the content, I uh I have a website. There's a link to it down in the description below. If you want to input your email there, I will send you some lessons I've learned from many hours of coaching that I know will actually help you improve. We just want to push Karma in. I actually play Karma mid lane. This champion is not weak right now. She actually does pretty well. I played a game of it on my main account uh in around high master MMR. Obviously, we've just had a reset in masters plus, which means some of the games are a little bit unbalanced. Sometimes you go from yeah, I played against the challenger to then play against a low master tier player the next game. It's very very odd. We just want to keep shoving her under tower. Generally speaking, at the lower end of the ladder, your job as Malzahar is just to press E and W on the wave and you will be fine. My Eden jump there. That sucks. If she uses Q to kill my pets, I think that's good for us cuz it means she can't contest my push. And she's wasting mana on it as well, which is nice. She wants to Q that. Oh, I canceled my auto. That was not intentional. I'm not actually going to use any mana on her. This lane is such a nothing burger early game. It's just going to be like who can deny the enemy the most amount of minions, right? Like that's what's this is going to be all about. Double points in W or Q E, Jesus Christ. Because um realistically speaking, I don't think we're going to be firing a Q out or anything like that. We'll just shove this out. We can try to like make the wave crash be a little bit annoying to her. That's a good trade by her. I wanted to use my W to block the combo, but now she's completely on cool down, so we can shove in the wave and maybe deny her some minions even. Going to just one shot the wave and then probably base cuz I'm running very low on mana. Most important skill on Malzahar is understanding when you need to take your base in the laning phase of the The worst thing that can happen to you is you just sit in lane with no mana and you just kind of get shoved in. So, I would say err on the on the side of caution when it comes to basing. Be more willing to base than not base. She's going to find me here, which sucks. She even hit that, which sucks even more, but I have enough mana to fully shove out this wave, so it's okay. So, I'm going to shove out this wave and then base. Some bad RNG on the spread there. I can't lie, but it's fine. We'll We'll fire up another one and that should do it. That should do the trick. She can hold the wave she wants to. We're going to just walk all the way back here and base. Unfortunately, we don't get our Lost Chapter, but that's fine. There's no way she walks up to cancel me, right? She's playing ignite I'm now noticing. We'll just We'll TP mid lane here. Don't think a pink ward makes too much sense at this stage. We just want to get our Lost Chapter as quickly as possible. Kind of sucks to not base on a Lost Chapter, but what are you going to do, right? I didn't have mana. Whenever you're below I usually give the rule 200 mana on mid laners, you want to start thinking about a base. Whether or not it's because you want to hold your spells for one more or for the next wave or something, you want to start thinking about how you're actually going to take that base. And she is starting to kill my pets very consistently. My little bees, which is a bit annoying. She's also not really running out of mana as much as I would have hoped. She's just going to Q the wave every time I use my little funny bees, which I think is fine. Q's it again here. She will get shoved in this way. Which is good. Kind of some bad RNG here. She will Q this as well. Maybe I fire a little E on her or a Q. Not with the intention of actually trying to trade with her. I just want to proc my mana flow band. This is going to It's such a nothing burger of a lane. The thing that's going to happen in this lane is she's just going to match the push. We're going to get level nine and then I'm going to one shot the wave and just leave. Like we're not going to have an actual lane here. It's just not going to be a lane. It's just so not interactive. We're just two champions that want to wave clear and I think I do it better than her the later we get into the game. She is out of mana here, so she wants to base. So, I would love to hit a Q on her just to get that Deathfire Touch going. She stays. Feels like a big mistake here. I don't want to hit her cuz I don't Again, I don't think we're going to make any progress hitting her. I'd much rather just keep her out of mana and then just call it a day and then keep a mana advantage that I can use on the wave. I think that's way better. Like if she wants to continue Q'ing the wave like this, that's fine with me. I don't think that's good for her. We hit her again. Like she will lose minions and I get to hit the wave here or the the plate here. She lost one minion there. She definitely wants to Q this, right? Yeah, she just wants to Q this. Mhm. Kill that. Some bad minion aggro here. Sucks. She wants to Q this again, I imagine. Oh, she goes for the wave. We're not killing her, that's for sure. But if I can hit her with a Q, I can cancel her base. Someone could be mid lane. No, we see Shyvana bot lane. That's fine. Top lane is getting absolutely slaughtered. I could just shove out this wave and then take my base. She's kind of been doing a little bit of a nothing burger mid lane, I won't lie. She steps back here, so I get to one shot the wave, which is good. No spread. That sucks. E cuz we get a little bit of extra mana when we kill something with our E on it, so we can sustain. I just want to take plate here. I don't think I even get it. I don't She doesn't deal any damage to me. She loses minions here though, which is nice. We're going to one shot the wave. We're going to cancel her base as well. Canceling her base here should be very annoying for her. This should give us a plate and then we'll we'll base afterwards. Wow, a bad bounce there. Get the plate and then just leave. She doesn't have damage to kill me. We both know it. She's just going to look at me silly. We're up 15 CS and we have a superior base. This is her mistake of not basing earlier. It meant that she just continuously bled. I can actually stay one more wave if I really want to cuz she's definitely basing now and she's oom. So, if I stay one more wave, I get to fully shove in the wave and she'll lose minions. And I push out the wave so quickly. I don't even need to be here to push out the rest of these minions. How lovely is that? Boom. And now she's going to lose all these minions and I get a slightly superior base. This ward in the middle of the lane just helps me see where she's going to roam if she's going to roam. So, what happens when she takes her base before me and I get to push in the wave and deny her full wave, she's going to come back to the lane faster than me, which means she can one shot this wave before I have a chance to respond. So, I need to catch that wave under the tower, in which case she has a timer now where she can move after pushing out this wave. This ward right here just helps me see where she is going. So, if she's roaming, that will spot her going. Well, that was some very pretty unlucky bounces. She could run top lane here. She did run go top side. I think I push faster than her. I have to imagine I do. I also do have a plate advantage. I mean, my entire team is also winning, which is great. She wants to kill this wave. I want to kill this wave as well. So, we'll just We'll just do this. We'll keep doing it. That's fine. There we go. We get the bounces and then we just leave. We just leave. No interest in doing anything. We can look to go bot lane here maybe. Get a roam off. She'll tank the wave here. I don't think that's killable. Generally speaking, I don't like roaming before I get my my tier two boots. But she tanked a little bit of damage, which is nice. Bit of an ambitious play there, but we force her out of the wave, which means we now get to push the wave quickly again. And that'll do it. Can maybe move up and help my boy up here. Could ult here. She's not going to die, but I can chunk her out a little bit and she's running ignite, so a chunk matters then. I wanted to get another E on her there. On Malzahar or any mid laners, I don't actually mind using my ult very very early in the lane if it means I can force the enemy laner back and then take a plate. Here obviously, I didn't get to force her back and take a plate, which kind of sucks. That was what I wanted to do with that. I do get a plate though, but she doesn't lose as many minions as she could have. But using your ult to just force the enemy laner back and then get resources off that, I think is something that I don't really see that many players do. But essentially, if you ult someone and you get them to base, you deny them a full wave and then you get a plate, you have essentially killed them in terms of gold value that you get. Like a full wave plus a plate is essentially a kill. So, you If I could force her to base here, I would have essentially have solo killed her. And look at that damage. Want to make sure I'm not going to walk into range while I have Deathfire Touch. Uh-huh. Yeah. I want to go ward the bot side here. Shyvana could come mid lane. I'm going to cancel her base again, rest assured. We will be one shotting this wave as well. I have Blackfire Torch in base. Is she going to just drop the wave fully? She is. I will just base as well then. I don't think I get a plate here. That's why. I'll just base. We'll be even. Get Blackfire Torch, get some Very nothing burger early game, but that's how Malzahar is, right? You just kind of do a whole lot of nothing during the the first few minutes of the game. You try to play 10 CS per minute, you get your first item, you try to get into a point where you can one shot every wave, you get your tier two boots, and then you can kind of start getting out onto the map. Did I just see Ashe run under the tower and kill herself? Well, she got a kill, so I guess it's fine. Didn't use my teleport here. Didn't see the need for it. Oh, that was not a good E, I will admit. There we go. She didn't get to hit the tower. I want a pink ward down here. We want to look for magic pen boots. Why? Because they give percentage magic penetration, and we have full magic damage. Also, magic pen boots usually on Malzahar put you closer to a threshold where you can one shot targets, which is what you actually want. Malzahar does not need that much cool down reduction, I find. Much better to have potential one shot with his uh with his ult. One shot the wave, hit the tower. There we go. Hit her with some spells. Oh, damn, that didn't get the plate. That sucks. But we get to deal a ton of damage to her. Look at that. Been a very nothing burger of a lane, that's why you're not seeing this having dealt that much damage, to be fair. Like you haven't seen deathfire touch really deal that much this lane, cuz it's just a nothing burger of a lane. Would love to get this plate here. Thank you. Fire Q. We have our ward on the bot side. Want to look for a base here, maybe, and then get tier two boots. I will have my uh quest upgrade pretty soon. Oh, good spell by her. Good W. If that Q hits, she's dead. Well, she has to base here. So, maybe we just hit the tower, actually. That hits me? But it didn't hit the minions, so Good E by her. She gets to stay alive. She will Q this, yeah. I think base here looks fine. I can actually one shot the next wave as well, and it's okay. But we have a massive plate advantage mid lane, which is good. Stay mid lane here because I can one shot this wave, and because I have teleport that I want to use. So, if I didn't have teleport, I would have based on her window, just to make sure that she couldn't get a a roam off, just like we talked about earlier. But because I do have teleport, I can just one shot this wave, base, and then take my teleport. Probably didn't even need to ward the middle of the lane. Do I get a plate for this if my little pets hit it last? We'll find out. I do! Oh my god, I love Malzahar. TP mid lane here. Want to grab a sweeper. I was a little bit too slow. That sucks. But we now have shoes as well. So, we're going to just start blasting these waves and then leaving. Blast the wave. That's a Shyvana mid lane. I mean maybe we can take her ult. Nope, she is just indeed the fastest champion of all time. She will ult out here. She didn't. Yeah, I think we're kind of fried here, bro. Have to run down, try to protect here. Oh, Ashe flashed. Kill the Ashe. I will die here, but Shyvana should die as well. Oh, my spread didn't go on her, but I still think she dies. Nice, she does. I mean, it works. It's okay. Top tower is dead. Kayle is ahead in CS. She has lost her tower and is one and five, but she's ahead in CS somehow. I don't have teleport for mid lane, either, which sucks. So, she gets a free plate here. Surprised she's willing to go for the plate here, mind you, without flash. Feels a bit crazy. But maybe she's not afraid of uh bot lane or jungle coming mid. She's confident they're on drake. Got a sweeper now at this point. Yeah, that was a very awkward fight. That is a teleport, to be sure. Yeah, that is a way of using that summoner spell. Not sure if it's a good way. I think my Irelia might have just lost the game. Not lost the game literally, but like through thrown away a big part of her lead, cuz she dies here, I'm pretty sure. Yeah. That's going to be rough for her. That's going to be very rough for her, actually. Want to hit this tower. I would love to take the tower from her. But we can't. I could run top lane here. I think I have to run top, actually. Kill the wave, run top, maybe. There's no way she keeps playing it right. She sees me go towards top side. There's just no way she would be willing to play that right. My Lillia is top side, anyway. I don't need to run up there. We can maybe threaten the tower here. Seems pretty good to me. Shyvana can be here on top side. Well, that clips me. We got the tower. Nice. Okay, good. We want to look for a roam on bot lane. I think it's just very difficult to kill the enemy bot lane. I have to get behind them somehow, and I don't have my flash. Karma also wants to base here, so if I just one shot this wave, things can get a little bit awkward for her. Oh, you have your ult, but you missed. How was that not a miss? What? What? How did that ult hit? Was it did not just clearly off? I mean, it's I What? That hits? That's crazy to me. I guess it's AoE on the fear. Like it extends past, it doesn't have to hit you, like Hecarim ult. Like she doesn't have to actually physically hit you. It kind of extends past her. That was crazy. Ah, it's all good. We got the tower. It's fine. One and two feels kind of bad, though. Bruh. That has to be the most unserious thing I've seen. My home guard's gone. >> [laughter] >> My shield gone. Karma's up in XP now, as well. Which is kind of dodgy. Yeah, she's going to be able to kind of match the push at this point. I am still very far ahead of you, or very far ahead of her, mind you. Problem is they're going to stack magic resist, which is going to become an issue. I want to break bot lane tower. That's probably the way to accelerate this game. Kill these minions. The spread should do the trick. I missed the cannon minion, classic. Try to go bot side here. Maybe we can dive. Feels like it would be a pretty good dive if the bot lane is here. Maybe we can play it under tower. Well, that was a jump scare. She should be dead, though. That's crazy. She lives. Oh, well. She just lives. How did she live? Oh dear god. That felt like such a good play, as well. And then Shyvana got a triple kill. That was such a good play, wasn't it? We were just there faster. We catch her. But she just has eight billion magic resist. I guess I run top lane here. Mid wave is pushed out. I want to stop the Kayle from taking a full tower. So, TP top. What a nightmare, man. Feels very hard to progress this game. Mostly just because we we're full AP, so they have eight billion MR. So, it feels like we can't really kill people very easily. Clipped her with the Q. My spread should catch her, as well. I don't really have a good way of killing her, because I don't have my ult top yet. Shyvana could run top lane straight up. Could make Yeah, that clips. Could make things a bit awkward here. I think my Lillia is not quite willing enough to play for fights, unfortunately. She's seemingly mostly just clearing. I think we have enough control to just play fights on repeat if we want to. The spread clips her. Would love to ult her here, but I don't think I have damage. Go mid lane to defend the tower now. Maybe take one more wave top lane, then run mid lane, defend the tower. Seems good. This way Kayle can't uh take top tower when I leave. So, I just want to kill this and then run mid, ideally. Nice, good. Then go mid here. Shyvana would maybe run up and meet me. No, she does not. I don't think we kill her here, even. She might have a Karma behind her. Kill this Rakan, though. Do I have to flash on her? Nah, she's dead. Nice. Maybe we can look for He didn't chase it? Oh, no, she's dead. The blade burn. Can we not kill this guy? Good flash ult. Nice. I mean, it works. It's not pretty, but it definitely works. Okay. They should have that. I'm just going to go mid lane, push the wave. Kayle gets a lot top lane here. Maybe I should have based to go top. I think my Brand should be basing here to go top, to be honest. I will push out mid lane, take plates. Okay, I mean, we're somewhat back in the game now. We have very high CS per minute. My concern is Kayle. My Brand hasn't based yet. You're running top lane? Oh dear god, she gets a full tier two. We have Liandry's She doesn't get the full tier two, which is nice. I guess I'll go bot lane here because my Brand wants mid lane. And I really has going to go top. We have Liandry's. We're going to move into Rylai's next. Okay, here we kind of get to the strong point of Malzahar, which is when you get into the mid game, you can just one shot waves while you're not even there. So, I just need to be in the lane to press EWQ and the wave is going to die, and then I can start running away by that point. My Brand wins the mid lane one V one as well, which is great news. I want to pop this plant. Running bot lane here because my um teammates all have the other lanes, right? Irelia has top lane, Brand is mid lane, so I'll be bot lane here. That's very warded. I don't think we can really do anything here. I do just want to one shot the wave and call it a day. I mean, your sword was warded, man. Okay, she ults that. I think that's fine. One shot the wave, leave. Oh, if I got the ult off on her there, she was dead, I think. Soraka has ult. Let's be a little bit aware of that. Pop that. That's Soraka bot lane. I don't like my Annie being down here. I'd much rather Annie just stays around mid lane and uh we get numbers advantage because they have to be two to match me. Cuz Annie like what is she realistically bringing here? Uh like it's a nothing burger that she's down here. It does nothing for us. It does not help us in any way. So, I would like for you to leave. Please just leave. Please just go mid. Please just Yeah, I understand that Soraka is here. I can avoid dying. And then we can play on the opposite side of the map. I don't want to be played for right now. I want to just one shot the waves, leave, and then go mid lane or whatever. Sweep this area. Enemy team are all here. That's warded. Could trap this bush. I don't think Karma will come, though. Just go one shot the next wave. We get a free bot tower here. I think my Karma won't be here. Or the enemy Karma won't be here. So, we take free bot tower. We're getting very close to Rylai's as well. Maybe needs to TP top here. I think my Irelia is fine. Ah, never mind. That is a pretty strong Shyvana. So, I need to get Bloodletters' Curse this game, is what I'm realizing here. Because we are just full AP and no one on my team has gotten it. No one on my team is getting it. Just force her off. Can you pink ward this, maybe? Oh, we're dying again top side. If it hits, no, it didn't. Need to kind of one shot this wave and then leave. Enemy team can send a lot of people down here. Let's kill the wave and then leave. I have Rylai's in base after this wave dies. Nice. I could go top here. My Irelia has TP. I think I do pretty well against the Kayle here. Don't know how well my Irelia does. Bloodletters' Curse because we have a lot of magic damage on my team and no one else is building it. I would have loved to go uh Void Staff instead because that's going to give me the maximum amount of damage, but I think best of my team is um the best for my team is everyone gets the shred from Bloodletters' Curse, right? I think the best would be if um Brand plays Bloodletters' Curse or um Lillia. They have a bit of an easier time applying it than I do. In the sense that their dot is AoE. My dot is single target. I think I beat you pretty hard with Rylai's. It's good spacing. I think ult here and you do just kind of die. Okay. He not just dead to the burn, though. It's close. It's damn close. Take her ult and I force her to base, which is good. Means I get some pressure up here. Should force someone on the enemy team to come up here to match me. Because Kayle has to base. And now Kayle also has no ult. So, Shyvana has to come up here, I think, which means we should have a pretty guaranteed turret break. I'm just going to back off. I see Shyvana. She's dead to an EQ, I think. She dodges forward. Well played by her. She's very close to death here. Very, very close. Yeah. She dies. Nice. We're losing the fight on the bot side, but that's kind of none of my business. This is why I don't want my Annie to hover me, right? Cuz she's not going to do anything and it's just going to make the fight worse for my team. We get the tower top side, though. Shyvana will come up here. They might look for Baron. I will take the tower and then I will leave. They will go to Drake. I think that's fine for us. I could TP mid and try to defend. Assuming that they'll come top lane. No. Sounds bad. Let's just run mid lane, then. Soraka isn't there, though. Maybe it's possible. No, but Karma will be there. Absolutely impossible. Look at the CS. Look at the CS, man. We're going to be four items on Malzahar. That should be able to just win the game. And maybe actually run down and be annoying. She does one shot that Drake, but you can see maybe impossible. We're killing the wave, though, which is nice. Irelia will go bot lane, I assume. That's a TP bot lane. I'll go top. I kill the Kayle for sure in the one V one. I have shorter cool down on my ult now, as well. Actually, the question is if she ults my ult. If she ults my ult, then I think I lose. But, let's just hope she's not good enough to do that, shall we? One shot the wave. We want to one shot the next wave as well, and then we'd love to go into the enemy jungle. She's on it. Can't I just kill you? Surely I just murder you, right? Like with ult. That's crazy. I could flash. I have Rylai's burn on her. I'll just pop ult. Ult has longer range than E. This is going to make the enemy team send people top lane, so one shot the wave and leave. Kind of don't like what my Lillia is doing here. We have a bunch of pressure on the map. I'd love if she would also be pressuring the map instead of just full clearing her jungle. Enemy Shyvana is top side here. We'll sit back and wait. Irelia gets a free bot tower off of this. We see the Shyvana. Wow, she's like Do they have vision here? How does she know? She's up here. How does she know? Can we not look for her, maybe? Nah, probably not, hey. If that hits, could have worked. And my Lillia is still just clearing camps. We got the bot tower, though, which is nice. We're kind of applying a bunch of pressure. I don't think she wants to go in here. Killing the Kayle here and dragging people top lane is so crucial for us. I mean, Lillia thinks that the camps are up, but they're obviously not up. Shyvana already took them. We can one shot this wave. We want to look to sweep. Okay, everyone is going bot lane. Fantastic news. Let's push hard top lane, then. Could kill the Kayle here. I don't think she gets one shot, but she loses her ult. Well, if she doesn't press R, she dies. Let's keep pushing top here. Whatever is going on down here and over here, none of my business. I get this tower. I killed the Kayle. I get to pressure their base. Happy days. Couldn't help but notice that we almost lost that fight or lost the Shyvana. Enemy team is sending everyone top lane, so now I will leave. They'll come from behind, I'm guessing. No, they won't. So, like even though I'm never grouping, I'm getting a ton of resources and I'm freeing up my teammates to play the game, right? Like my teammates are always having numbers advantage after I apply pressure. So, my Irelia, she got the free bot tower because we pushed out top lane, dragged killed Kayle, dragged Karma, dragged Shyvana up here. Take my base here. Look at how much damage that did. Dear god, that was just one E and now we have Bloodletters as well. Fantastic and we're going to run Deathcap next. I'll run Maybe I need to go bot lane here, but realistically speaking, we're probably going to be playing the Drake. Drake, I think if we want to play that, it's better that I go bot lane, but honestly, I just want to keep fighting the Kayle. Cuz I can one tap the Kayle very easily. I don't know how easy of a time my Irelia has with the Kayle. Dodge the vision here. Kayle might go for this wave. I think it's worth it to flash on her to kill her, to be honest. It's close, though. I'm not entirely sure. She didn't ult, so she's just dead, though. She flashes, but I still think she just dies. Even if I die, that's fine. We'll trade. Is the cannon going to kill me? Well, isn't that just awesome? I could have flashed over the wall and she was dead. I'm fine taking both of her summoners and doing nothing. Drake is spawning soon. She has no sums for that. I'll have my flash. I think all around, not a bad situation. I don't like that we have no magic pen. When they have Like they actually don't even have that much magic resist, which is crazy. I might buy elixir here. So, usually you shouldn't buy elixir until you're full build, but let me explain the logic for it. And my Irelia is dead in the one V one. Fantastic. That's just lovely, isn't it? Maybe I don't buy elixir, then. My logic for elixir was going to be Drake is going to be absolutely game deciding here. If we get it, we win the game. So, elixir would be nice. That's a Kayle TP top. Yeah, we're just all dead down here. I'll just go top lane. Kill the Kayle. I mean, if we if both of these guys die in the four V four, then I'll just go kill the Kayle and call it a day. I get the cinder here. Ult early just to catch her, then E. Flash backwards. Should be good enough. She dies to the follow up from my team. Nice. I can go mid lane and defend here. Yep. We still lose the drake and I lost my flash for that. Might not have been worth it to be honest. Now that I'm thinking about it a little bit more clearly. But so it goes. We also bleed a bot tower for this which sucks. Enemy team is on drake here. We might be able to baron cuz my entire team is going to be off and Kale's going to be dead. So baron could work for sure. Shyvana can look mid-lane here. There she is. Can we baron maybe? Kale is dead. Maybe not. Shyvana is Are they going to go baron? Ashe is bot-lane. Oh, that cancel would have been huge. Wait, she didn't kill Ashe. How? Shove this out. Take some control on the top side. Lay a trap here, I guess. Maybe I bet Ashe is going to eat this for sure. Sucks. I wanted to trap here for uh Soraka, but Ashe will just press E. Come back here. We will have pressure from um from Irelia bot-lane which is good. But I think kind of hard to play this. I don't know if we can kill her if I'm honest, man. We do get to one-shot the mid-wave. That's rough. If we kill Kale top-lane here, it's fine. Enemy team are going to send everyone bot-lane. Can we nash actually? Can we just hit it? I think it's good. I think it's good. We need to do it. We need to do it. We need to do it. Wow, that sucks. We had free baron here. Enemy team is sending everyone bot-lane. That baron was incredibly free. Cuz you can see it, right? We have two people bot-lane here. We would just like Kale would take the tower and we would just call it a day. Very sad that we didn't do baron there. Baron is very scary at the lower end of the ladder. People are very very afraid of baron. Big purple worm. Take base here. We have deathcap. They can't be on it. Would be Soraka Karma. Go top-lane here. Push out. Actually, I need to be mid. Brand is not going to be mid. I'm full build at this point. I am incredibly strong. The problem is I I never get a chance to really hit anyone in at this point. Cuz I have to go match the Kale. And I am applying a lot of pressure which is good. I don't know how we win this game though. Like someone just has to get trapped. But my Lillia is very very unwilling to like try to take space in their jungle. Actually, we have Oh, we do have enter here. I could trap this bush. Soraka will come through here. Damn. Just barely no range for my E alt. Shyvana can look mid-lane, but I have my shield. Just one-shot the wave. Think I'm okay here. Lillia is basing. I have TP up which I might need cuz I'm running oom. They're going to look for a mid-lane play here, but I have my shield so Ashe can't ult me. So I'll I'm safe. I think this can dies as well to my bleed. I can base here, I guess. Maybe I base run bot-lane. Try to kill the Kale and then TP up. Cuz my Irelia doesn't want to play the one v one it looks like. I think she's also mega losing that one v one. If I get my E on Kale, I win. E plus ult and she dies. Do I get into the bush? No. I got my E plus ult. She's just one-shot. Wow, she dies, but not happy about the one for one to be honest. I do get the full wave though which is cool. Oh, we got the Soraka. That might mean we also killed the Shyvana. Karma isn't here either. It's Karma shield. Okay, nice. I don't know how she didn't get one-shot there through my ult to be honest. I'm a little bit confused. Maybe I need hourglass. I mean, that should be the game. Can you just hit it? Nice. She has no magic resist either. She doesn't have QSS either. Ashe is not going to one v three this. We have Brand ult. We're fine. Kind of dislike what my role has become here which is match the Kale. Yeah, I think if I had void stick, she would get one-shot. Just to be honest. Cuz this takes a lot of time to take up to get the full magic shred. Whereas void staff is just instant, right? And the void staff is faster or a more magic pen and more AP as well. I think with void staff, I for sure one-shot the Kale there. It was just one more tick on my ult and it would have killed her. That should be drake though. We need to stop enemy team from rushing it somehow cuz we're off the map right now which means the enemy team, if they rush it, they could get it. So we just kind of want to stop that from happening. Did they ward the pit? I'll pull it out here. I shouldn't have W'd if I wanted to pull it out. It's a bit of a noob play. Do you want to find the Shyvana? Flash ult on her seems pretty good. Here. She's just for sure going to ult. Oh, never mind. She's just bot-lane. Oh, Kale is top, right? So I will base. Go defend the top tower. Maybe I need to TP even. Could TP behind her. I think she's dead here. My Irelia will land the stun and I will press R on her. Yeah. Just jump jump. Just press ult on her so she can't outplay it. I know it might seem like overkill, but my ult cool down is low anyway. Now we go mid-lane. We have numbers advantage for a little bit. What a strange Oh, well, no cuz my Brand's dead bot-lane. So we don't have numbers advantage for a little bit. And so it goes. So funny. People just love getting caught on repeat. I don't think I win this mid-lane. I wanted to try to get some pressure on the map and Irelia is going to slowly pressure. I think take one mid-wave, run bot-lane cuz Shyvana might just rage split bot here. And she does. But we can one-shot the mid-wave and then start running bot-lane already. Yeah, she should die here. I'll have my ult up in time as well. Yeah, she's dead. Oh, she really gets that dragon form for quite a while, eh? I don't really want to pop my ult for this. Ah, whatever. Save the tower. Seems worthwhile. Now my Irelia is dead top-lane. Never mind. She lives. Okay. Now we should be able to win the game. Now we will finally have numbers advantage for like 40 seconds. Cuz my Brand will now come out. Enemy Shyvana is dead for another 50 seconds. We should be able to break open their base here. Not if you die though. Very important you don't die here. Absolutely crucial there, I say. Oh, you're almost dead. Oh, isn't that just fantastic? That's my shield as well so I can get Ashe ulted now. So just take it a little bit slow. Hopefully this spreads. Not quite. Sucks. Take it a little slow. Wait for my shield. Then we can step up. Of course, Brand is dead in the side-lane again. And of course, Lillia is not doing anything. Just running around taking a scuttle crab while we have massive numbers advantage and we should be breaking open their base. Shyvana is up now. Kale is going to be rage splitting bot. I think I have to TP to be honest. Wow, you're making this game very miserable. Let me just tell you that right now. Kale is dead again. And now my Annie is dead. Why is it just like we catch someone the enemy team, someone on my team kills themselves. Like we never have numbers. We just never have numbers when we should be having numbers. Like all they have to do is just don't kill yourself and just force with the numbers we have and it's good. Shyvana can run. She's mid. I have to run mid to save my guy here. That was not a good flash, I will admit. I don't quite have my ult up yet so this can be a little bit scary. I think we can one-shot the Shyvana through my ult though. Okay. I mean, this is most certainly a way of playing it. Good silence. Okay, Shyvana should die here. She is slowed for five generations. I don't think I have to ult. I get to save my ult. Probably going to flash on Actually, I don't know if I want to flash on everyone. I was going to say maybe flash on the Ashe. I think Ashe can be pretty hard to reach. Okay, please, if you're going to not group with us, just go push the wave and then we at least have some kind of pressure. Kale will be here. That will be scary, but I have my ult so I think I can make her life a little bit miserable. That is a banshee's though. Yeah. If she can stop my E, that's definitely very annoying. I need to pop that banshee's. Very important that gets popped. No, there we go. Nice. Should hit the tower here a little bit. Nice. Sweep this area. Should be able to get a bottom inhib here. I want to hug my Irelia here. Make sure we get the bottom inhib. She can die. If you land the stun on her, she's dead. She should understand that she needs to drop this. Nice. And then we get mid tower here as well. We finally get to kind of seal the game. Take mid tower here. Ouch. >> [snorts] >> Not very pretty. A big Q maybe? Only get the inhib. Baron spawning soonish. I just leave it. I have 4K gold. I don't know what to buy. >> [snorts] >> Dear god. Oh, we're fighting. Oh, dear. Oh, dear. Oh, dear. Oh, dear. Am I dead here? Good Q. Maybe all can deal some damage here. I didn't get my spell off, but they're all super low HP. Ah, that sucks. Ash arrow to the forehead and an exhaust. I don't think they can end though, so it's fine. Oh, wait. We win the fight. Oh, thank heavens. Thank the heavens, man. And that's the game. Not exactly how I imagined the game would end if I'm honest. We got so much damage that fight though. I mean, thankfully, I mean, don't get me wrong. So, the frustrating part about Lillia this game is not like she's very strong. Like she's carrying these fights. The problem is she doesn't want to fight. Like she was not very proactive in setting up fights and you can see look at the CS numbers, man. How crazy is that? How crazy are these CS numbers? >> [laughter] >> Run around the map, collect minions. I really wanted to trap the enemy jungle more. We could have done a lot more to win this game. Like if we were way more proactive with the control that we had, we would have won the game a lot faster. But just Lillia didn't want to ever go into their jungle. She was just taking her camps and calling it a day. But yeah, what a funny game. Hopefully you guys enjoyed. Have a good one. See you. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Actually, let's have a look at the rune damage. I forgot to show you. 3K damage? That's not really that much, is it? Then again, I didn't really deal that much damage this game. Like yeah, 8% of my damage. It's not bad. But yeah, hopefully you enjoyed. Have a good one. See you. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
