Title: Most efficient Yorick Build - Maximum Spell Effects!
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W75kIaIsip4

Content:
How's it going guys? Welcome back. Welcome back. Hope you guys are excited for this one. We have another game against the Xin Zhao. I've actually been noticing a lot of Xin Zhaos. Um he's quite popular in Korea and it's it's good cuz it's a nice match up. It's not as as strangling as half the other jungle match ups at the moment. I'm really enjoying it. One thing I wanted to point out as well, wanted to have a little chat because I realized um I'm trying to tender the content the content on this channel towards you guys. Like I don't want to put on something you guys don't want to watch and I uploaded a stream bot yesterday because I wanted to see how many people actually had watched it live versus not watched it at all. So please let me know in the comments. Let me know what you think about me uploading games I played previously on stream. It's just a re-upload. Um obviously I don't want to put out anything that you guys don't want to watch. So it seems what goes best is the long games. So I'm happy to It actually fits me better to put out the long content cuz I love doing the this type of game where it's a commentary on the game itself. This is literally my perfect style of content. So um oh god this is going to reset on me. All right, that should be all good. All right, disaster avoided. All right, cool. But yeah, keep me updated. Let me know what you think. Um uh I I really want to do the streaming. I love doing streaming on the side as well as making these type of videos here. But the problem with that is if I do a a 5-hour stream, that's like 5 hours I lose from being able to try record a a separate game. Um and that's the biggest problem I'm finding at the moment is it's just there's not much time for me to record a game separately if I'm doing live streams. And I really enjoyed the live streams. So but going to hold tight for a second. I got it. I tried to give to him but all right, that's fine. I got struck by the scuttle. I got was still doing the the gromp there. That's fine. Actually works out if anything. Yeah, you're going to get ganked because he's definitely up that side. I put my money on it. Good recall for him. Jesus, that's such a good recall by him. Because I can do that and clear both visions out like that and now he gets a free recall. Not the best wave state but I know we know for sure that I'm just going to do that and use both of them. Um I'm just going to use both wards because there's I'm no no point holding on to one. I might as well get as much vision as I can get. I I'm suspecting he's going to go top. I don't think he would have recalled. He's camped top here. He might commit himself to the top side. Might not. Let's put a pink ward here so we can actually get some vision if he goes around. I'm I'm a big fan of this pink ward actually. It's such a nice ward. There you go. So we can pretty much get Oh, he's there. He's there. Did you see that? Oh no, it was the It was the ward. I got tricked. I might have to put a bounty out, I think. Whoever can find the best way to optimize the krugs that I haven't found already might have to be some reward. Maybe I can give some League Partner Program skins or something. Cuz this is it's insane how bad it is the way I do them. She doesn't have TP. I should just be able to do this. I don't think it's going to [ __ ] his lane that hard. It should actually help a little bit because there's an incoming wave. It should be fine. I don't want to stay in the bot side for too long though. Yeah, I was expecting the bot the that it would be bot still. Ah, them dying there really sucks. They shouldn't have been a They shouldn't [ __ ] there. Oh. Loris, Jesus, way too close there. But that's no flash on her. So that's fine by me. I don't have to do that. Look how useful it was having all the extra health though. Having all that extra HP literally saved my ass just then. I wonder can we get some vision of this? Ideally I'd want scuttle first before I go for it. So I don't think I can just go for it. I might have to just give it. I'm assuming he's on it already. Oh. I'm so low. Ah. It's literally all I can do, my dude. I'm so sorry. Look at my health. All right, let's take this. He's going for the All right, you know I need someone to come in here. All right, we can take this and then we can maybe I really want to just go in. I'm going to go fight. I'll be on gromp right now. All right, yeah, I had to play that a bit carefully there because I didn't want him to get the third knock up on me. I want this blue but I don't want to die to the freaking Oh, there he is. All good. Oh good, we played that well. We played that well. Really good. Especially if this is up as well, we're extremely Okay, he's going to path bot side. Should have probably just recalled. All right, cuz I have clear. Should have just recalled after I took the camp. But that's right. We'll recall now. Running straight to my bot side jungle. Remember they had Xin Zhao has to path bot because it's the only camp that's up. So I suspect maybe their mid might die to the bot. Now I want to try blood mail this game. I've had so many people talk about it in my chat and I really want to try it. He might come for my jungle here as well. I can drag it. I'm not right now. I'm on it. All right. I think he's nearby. He got Oh. All right. Well done. Let's go straight to bot side. Let's go get this dragon. I'm not really scared about this. We can just rush it. We got four goals and I am enormous. This should give us a bit of vision if it's warded. See it's warded. I think there's probably I'm actually okay with just doing this. Because I'm 90% sure their jungler is top side. Oh no, he's up here. He's over here. I don't see him at least. See I I still think their jungler is top. I reckon he's about to get ganked on my top lane. Like he would have come for that if he was down here. Like why wouldn't he come? There you go. Now notice his jungle notice his things. He has red buff. Which means if he's still got red buff, that means he didn't take red buff that long ago. He flashes in. That means this is all gone. They possibly dive. I don't know if he can dive. They might be a bit too healthy. Hold on. I don't think you're going to get much better than that. That was pretty much the best you're going to get in that position. Now that jungle is obviously coming up there, so I'm going to come I'm going to recall and pop top. He might actually be in this bush waiting for him to come back. Good, he's not. Beautiful. Straight to wolves. I don't know if these Oh, actually, you know what? We've got crocs cuz I'm pretty sure they're there. All right, he's probably going to rush the the crocs if I had to guess. Um, I don't think we have much prior on them. I don't know where their top is. Well, they didn't go for it. I'm so surprised that they didn't go Okay, go go go go go go go go. Just go Just go Just go Just go Just go. Coming. They can't do anything. If he jumps in, he dies. Damn damn damn damn. That sucks. All right, we I'm surprised we actually got so out of that. Uh, we don't really have the knock up for the um Yasuo when my when my mid dies, so but look, we got That one of towers a bot. Uh, but can't really the turrets are bot. Platings mid is just got like five like three platings alone. But it's not that big a deal. It's actually pretty good. What do we need though? We need a We should look to actually finish this. So, who are we looking at? Aurora and Tristana. They're probably the two hardest people to kill in this game. That's not going to push him very quickly, so that's fine. I can delay the rotating there. We've got the dragon as well, so we're in a pretty good spot right now. Our platings are gone. That's unfortunate. And mid and top dying there kind of sucks as well. Is he in this area somewhere? Going to ward that. Jesus, that is a scary TP, dude. We can just get it. Just get it Just get it Just get it. We can just get this and then we can make a play for the uh dragon as well. wards I don't know how I feel about getting this. Yeah, I'm not the biggest fan of that play. I don't like that play at all. We give him a free dragon and he also gets control of my bot side jungle. I think we could have done that better. All right, let's just go straight for my bot side jungle. Remember, I have herald as well to use. He might try to go for the skip Yeah, yeah, I thought he would. We need to hit level 11 ASAP because that cool down decrease is going to be huge on our maiden. It'll be absolutely enormous. Oh god. No, now we need the Yasuo here if we're going to play for the the Diana R. That's not how this comp works. We need the Yasuo R with the Diana R. Otherwise, this comp just makes no sense at all. It needs to be a combo comp. That means Yasuo needs to stop dying on his own solo and we need to play as a team in this five. I died as level 11 as as level 10 as well. That is very very annoying. Yeah, we don't really have an AD carry at the moment, do we? No, looking at it, we're really missing an ADC. I kind of forgot we had Jinx. I thought we actually had a winning bot. Um, that's good. Um, then I've probably got mid here. Just pop these mid. I need a little bit of time before my old. Oh, there you go. There's some wards. D ward on the way. I want to get these I want to get this herald bot. Baron's up soon and we can break that bot tower. Although breaking mid tower is probably more important now I'm looking at it. Let's just go bot with just us and let's see what happens See what we can do. If I go bot, they might they might have someone come bot for me. And then we can maybe jump on them. So, let's just stay here for a second. I'm not going to use herald. We should probably just go on to him here. Base tower broken is huge. That's enormous. Extremely good. Now I can main a drop bot and it is absolutely a threat and a half. That is super good. All right, let's go clear our top side. We can get ghouls off the crocs. And we can start main dropping. The main a drop bot is absolute aces. Oh my god, look how long that lane is. We have so much time to accumulate ghouls along that way. All right, let's think. What is the best way of winning this game now? What is the best way that we can actually get and use our lead here? Cuz I am really really strong, but their team comp is very scary. They have a lot of single target damage. And I don't have a lot of tankiness. But that's not warded, so I actually I'm kind of interested in going to this bush here. I sit Oh. I mean, maybe do that right. Go back Go back Go back Go back Go back. If Jinx comes, we get this extremely easy. All right, there's a nice two play here. Obviously, we drop maiden top here. There's no question about it. Oh my god, that worked out so well for us as well. Oh, if she can get one or two ghoul one or two minions, not worth waiting. It's not worth waiting because we're going to get that for the Zilean. I can't wait I I can't wait. It's going to take too long. Going to make sure Zilean doesn't get it. That is pain. All right, we'll do a little cheeky recall at some stage. Obviously, I don't really want to smite. He doesn't have flash up. Oh my god, the healing though on this champion. Yeah, I think this is fine. So, what we can do is we drop Maiden bot next, then we play through the top and mid lane, and we should be able to just win. But, I I don't see us losing this at all, even though we're down on kills. But, I'm so strong, it is insane. Like, I just need to play the fights safe, and we win. It's probably even better off that I just go a GA next. Because the most important thing right now is me not dying, and I think a GA actually solves that whole problem for me. Oh, look where this lane is. This is what This is what I'm talking about. When you got long lanes, this is probably the longest lane you're going to get right now. Let's drop Maiden bot here, and this is absolutely perfect. Just tell him that my mate is going to go bot. If they get caught, it's not not terrible, but I just need to not die. I'm trying to get goals as well, so that's why I'm going straight for this. I'm keeping an eye on top as well. I'm kind of looking at that thinking um that someone's probably going to have to go top. And bro, I've got goals bot now. This is This is actually fine. We We also have um what's it called? Baron. Like, they can't push easily against us. We don't want to fight this. We want to We don't really want to take this fight fight anyway. Look at bot, by the way. Look at bot. Yeah, I told you. Long lanes, dude. Long lanes are the key. See this? Look at the pressure that that lane is giving. It's just game over. They can't do anything. They had to They had to deal with the um the Maiden. They had to deal with it in whatever way they could choose, and they chose to rush mid, hoping that it was enough, and it was not. Yeah, this was pretty unwinnable the second I got that I got that Maiden in the bot lane. GG. Well played. That was a good one. That might be a two-part. So, let's go that one there plus a different game, I think. Yeah, this will be number two of the combo. So, thanks for watching this one, boys. And I don't know if it's number one or number two, but I'll catch you in the next video. How's it going, guys? Welcome back. Welcome back. Hope you guys are all doing well, well, well. We are versing a Graves. I do not like versing Graves one bit. We are gunning out some games at the moment. I'll tell you what, we're doing really, really good. We're been testing out Phase Rush as much as I can, because I think Phase Rush is definitely I'm standing by it. I still think Phase Rush is the rank one keystone for your jungle. Um Hail of Blades is so good, but I think Phase Rush just has so much versatility. It is crazy how much you can play around the rune, and it basically just dictates your playstyle early. Um there's so many times where I've just survived on one hit because Phase Rush is there, kicked in this massive movement speed for me. The real question I have is the build order. Like, I want Stridebreaker, but I need CDR. So, do I go Cleaver first, or do I go Stridebreaker first? I still think I like the Cleaver first, uh but I can definitely see some value in going the Stridebreaker first, for sure. I'm just going to get an early ward out over here. That ward's going to tell me if the uh jungle goes this way, or if he goes that way. And then we're going to go start at the red buff. He shouldn't be here. At least, I don't think he is. Oh, so we can just take this. I've had a lot of games lately where I've been jumped on at my red buff by the enemy top laner, so I'm a bit careful now. I don't know what it is. This This bloody movement of all these junglers getting jumped on by top laners. So, we have a Renekton mid, so melee mid tells me he's going to get ganked quite a lot. And I got to lose pacing big time to Graves, so it's a bit scary for me. Um in terms of sub runes, you can see I'm actually running Ultimate Hunter secondary. I think it's a must. Like, I I don't see any way I can, at least not with my playstyle. I have pretty much have to run it. Um I drop Maiden too often to risk having her at such a long cooldown. Oh, that was a spicy clear, I tell you. That was such a good clear there. Now, I'm just looking at that. You can see that his camp is still up down there. Not going to lie, I'm a little confused. I don't know where their top is, where their jungle Dude, this has happened to me so much. I don't know why this keeps happening to me at the moment, but um I've got to go into practice tool at next and see why that keeps happening, cuz I'm losing so much clear speed by having that happen. I don't know where their jungle is. Is he taking my buffs? Uh-oh, I've got a bad feeling. I reckon he's going to show his face bot. Yep, got blue. He's got blue. Yeah, he took my blue, didn't he? Yeah. Got blue, unfortunately. We can just freeze this, and I'm just going to go straight to this camp here, cuz that's going to freeze. He can't clear that in time. He just needs to back. Let him Let him do what he wants there. He can't push it in time anyway, so it doesn't make a difference. And I need at least get one camp back on him, so let's go get his wolves uh his raptors. Unfortunately, he went from his red to my raptors uh to my uh blue, and that's the the problem with that there. And that's kind of what I maybe predict somewhat predicted him to do. I had a feeling he was going to play aggressive like that. I need to go to my top side camps, because I want to ideally play into his jungle. Um I know he didn't actually get a kill out of that. So, I mean, it's not overly terrible uh terrible. What we'll do is as we go past, let's put the goals on this, and let's just walk up here. Let's put a ward out. Go back and kill the uh scuttle. I've got him. Well done. Done. I'm just going to leave it. Oh, actually, no, I'm not. I've got I've got a grave here. So, you see, because I've got a grave here, so I'll take this camp as well. I don't know where he is. He'll be on his way. I don't think he is. I reckon he's going bot side. It really wouldn't make much sense for him to come all the way up here. He's probably assumed I've taken it anyway. Yeah. I'm going to come get you. Yeah, how close is he to six is the question. Well done. I'm going to go straight to that. All right, we haven't had a chance to recall yet. Like, uh there's no point me recalling. I just I keep getting myself into this position where I've just got so much momentum going that there's just no point recalling. Like, if If I recall right now, I lose the opportunity. It's just And good thing about Yorick is I just have so much base damage that I can just keep doing what I'm doing. I can just force exactly the way I'm forcing right now. So, let's just keep doing it. We've got so much raw damage in our kit that scales off levels that this is not a a detriment to do this to us. We could even get the scuttle after this as well. I think we should have enough time. What it will likely be is either red and then go to scuttle. I think that's probably the best way. I'm going on red. 3 2 1 Now let's go get scuttle. Remember we want the contested camp. This is a neutral camp. He has as much of a right to this camp as I do. I'm keeping my eye on top lane as well cuz I want to make sure he doesn't Oh, the second he ops up there I want to go in. Doesn't look like he's risking it. Oh. But he might have gone in then. I'll do this. This will bring the the red over. I can queue it. I can just recall on the spot, yeah. I think we should kill the whole thing. I don't care. I'm not going to waste my recall and and stop it there. Who's two? Straight for this. Who's there? I'll just go straight for the dragon here. And but we'll be efficient. Might as well do two things at once while we can. Oh. Hit that though. I'll go to the dragon now. Now you don't need ghouls to solo the dragon. It's very easy. Um Maiden is more than enough cuz of the percent health damage she adds. Sorry, we can just bring it. Now make sure you remember your Q and E both proc percent health damage. So don't be afraid to use the E on this. Auto resets really do matter for this. Ghouls. I can recall on the spot. I'm not going to run around here because my next camp is up here. There's no point me running from here to up there and I know their jungle is probably bot side anyway. So I don't really want to risk it. In that scenario you can see that their um that this is up. I could have gone for it, but my mid had just recalled and I was kind of scared. Um I thought he might go for it. So it's not worth it. So we'll go straight for the krugs here. And then let's go put a ward up here actually. I reckon he's going to get ganked. Going to do this quick. Graves he has to get a run. There we go. Well done. He played that really well. Good job. Now remember the more we take the cru ma more we take the jungle off camps the more health we back we get, right? But if we let the ghouls finish the camps, we get that increased healing for a really really long time. Remember I've got to go back to the head camp. Just get some healing back. Second I aggro that camp, I get healing. Now I'm being a bit cautious cuz I don't know where their mid laner is. Oh, there he goes. He's just showing up. Now I'm not going to take this. I want his jungle. I know his jungle's up. There's no point me um taking the neutral camp when his camp is worth more. Take his one. Now I know this is up because he came straight to me. Now I reckon his blue's up as well. Take the whole thing. [ __ ] Should be able to get a lot out of it. Yeah, okay. I'll take it. That's fine. I was going to say maybe just pressure. Ah, scary. If my mid wanted to come up, we could probably Good. Well done. That was solo. I'll go finish this. Good job. Well done, ghouls. I want my bot camps. Hit this. Bring this over. Now we know Graves is bot side because he was just top. There's no reason for him to go to the bot side and top side again. We'll have ghouls do that and let's go straight to the cru uh straight to scuttle. I have a lot of gold. Well done. Oh my god. Well done. Got any ghouls with me? No, I don't. We can just do it then. There's no ghouls, but it's fine. Oh, hang on. There we go. They're coming from all over the map. Well done. But we're so far ahead right now. We're actually crazy far ahead. We actually just going to recall on the spot. Probably need to get some vision on that. Actually I'm going to drop Maiden as well. That's going to push that out and at least we can push put some pressure on the top side. Might be a waste. It's probably going to be a waste. But I have a lot of CDR now that I just finished that. So I'm up for some risks. She should be able to at least get one or two ghouls. If I can hit level six that level 11, it'll be even better. Yeah. Well done. I didn't get pushed up. All right. He saw I went bot. That's fine. He went deal with my Maiden. Maiden's not that um she's dead. We've got 60 seconds on the old. Luckily we've got max stacks with hunter. So there's barely any punishment there. We can get this tower in one push here. Juicy. We'll take this. I'm seeing a potential uh gromp camp. I'm saying I'm seeing also a potential wolf camp on my way to mid. Not there. Well done. All right, cool. Let's just go and get scuttle. There's nothing really for me to do in mid. Uh Now this game has been extremely easy. Straight to this. How far are we off stride? Oh, actually we got it. Let's go back. Stridebreaker, once you complete the item, is insane because you get so much movement speed for free that it's just worth recalling on the spot for. Even if you have camps up, it's just so much worth It's so worth it. So, my physical damage will get 20. My physical damage will also get 20 from this. So, these get to do the same effect, but because they're separate they're called separate skills, they stack. Do you see right now I run around with 100 MS? 400 and 35. I get 35 as soon as my ghouls deal physical damage. Cool, let's run over here. Oh, good. Probably should have used um Stridebreaker there, now I think about it, but Let's go straight to the raptors. I definitely should have Stridebreaker. I can't believe I didn't. Straight to their blue. Easy. Well done. Crazy, crazy, crazy. Well played. Okay, he's try He's blue buff for free. So, we got 50 CS on him. He's so far behind. Remember, when you're ahead, his jungle becomes your jungle. Do not default to these camps, go to your camps. Wow, that was a great game. I might have to make this one into a two-video cuz that was such a quick and easy game. I'm very happy with that one. So, I'll see you in the next one.
