Title: Rank 1 Master Yi | The Guide to Escape Low Elo Fast
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ve-nvapjmLc

Content:
Hello, my name is Daenerys and I'm the best master in the entire world. Today I will show you how you can master your master ghee. So I will show you which spells you should take, which runes you should take, which items you should buy on hit mastery or critical strike mastery, how to play them from a macro perspective, which to take care of during the game. I will also play a game myself in a very educative way for you so you have it easier in your client as well. and also I will show you which sneaky tricks you can use to win your games better. Enjoy the video and I wish you the best. My blade is yours. For the spells, you always want to go flash and smite. Flash is by far the best spell you can take. It is an option for you to engage in a fight where you have a better gap close with your flash Q and especially you can never go over walls. But with flash, you always have the tool to at least have the option to go over walls, which is way more powerful than anything else. Back in the past, you were able to take ghost. But right now, flash is straight up better, especially in the late game when you do the perfect mastery. He one shot when you flash on an enemy ADC and save up your queue so you can queue later to dodge abilities. It is insanely powerful but we will get to that later. Now in lane master you which is also some people do play lane mastery we have monster SS here from YouTube for do those who know also cows are playing a lot of top lane mastery back in the days. Now um we want to take a secondary spell either TP or ignite. Now important is we don't want to go heal or barrier or exhaust in general because mastery his core strength is his damage output. That's why I love him so much is because nobody can match his damage output. If you go barrier heal or exhaust, you play Mari in a very submissive kind of base play style, not leaning towards his specific strength, which would be exactly what you should not be doing. So if you play Mastery, you need to lean into his strength of having an insane damage output whilst you also have Q and W to survive most of the time. Now let's start talking about the beautiful runes. I'm in big love with Lethal Tempo. There are basically two options you have, which is Lethal Tempo and Hail of Blades. Let me first talk about the Lethal Tempo rune page. When you take lethal tempo, you have consistent and exponentially increasing DPS, which is insanely valuable, especially fighting against tanks and long fights output. Conqueror is never an option because conqueror also wants to have long fight outputs. In comparison, Lethal Tempo since it also wants long fight outputs is always out competing conqueror. Now, you can argue, okay, the healing and stuff, no, you have more QES and you have more damage. Lethal tempo will always outweight conquer. Straight up. Field footwork is insanely grief. If you take this, I'm going to manually send a ticket to Riot Games because Lethal Tempo is straight up better. Same with Pressy Tech. Lethal Tempo is straight up better. If you do want to take Press Tech, Hale of Blades would just be better. So, Lethal Tempo is straight up the best. For the second, absorb life presence of mind. There is no arguing that it does absolutely nothing. While strife is the best rune in the entire game for Master E. You get gold and you restore HP. It's everything master wants. Here for the next one, taking ability haste is in general very bad. It also doesn't really work that insanely well with your core abilities because the main cooldown reduction you get from out attacking here with your queue. Life steal is all amazing at all. But if you really really really need sustain, you can also argue going from king first. In general, the best sustain is killing the enemies faster. Master Yi is a fighter. He wants to kill the enemies before he dies. If you go for full tank build and full survivability and full life steal like playing an Olaf kind of style, most of the time you just get one shot before it even procs because the biggest counter for Mari is burst and CC. Now, let's say you have 200% life steal, which is ridiculous, right? Okay. And Akana one-shotss you. Okay, where's your life still? Attack speed in general is just better than having life still on master. That's like a general rule. The best is like attack damage with attack speed and then comes life still in terms of worth it for master. Okay, with attack speed more you have going to have your queue up more often which you leads to being able to dodge more abilities where you will also be more tanky in the end. Also, elacrity just gives more stats than Bloodline. Means if Blood would get a buff, then that's interesting to switch up, which is completely fine. Okay, for the next one here, all is fine, but always Koopigra is just a tiny bit better than all the others, no matter the situation, unless they have like always gets you to minimum 50% damage output. Let's say they have King Xo, right? against King Xawo. Last is good because he will always get half percent HP from you and then you're going to shred him. But Kigra is in my opinion always better because as Masi you need to get the reset. So you want to kill the enemies anyways. You don't just half HP kill them and then run to the next enemy. You will always try to kill them. And because you need to end them, that means that you want to be the one killing them when they're low HP. So kupta even if it does less damage than last stand ka will help you basically execute. So even if it does less damage it has more value than last stand. Okay now we get to the second part of the room page. Of course we have always the domination tree which is completely fine of having treasure hunter ultimate hunter lenters hunter all extremely valuable. Six sense sudden impact all very interesting. Now for the total gold value inspiration is always the best. It's really really high value both triple tonic cosmic insight magical footwear and cash back four first magical footwear is the best because you get legitimately boots for free that are also buffed straight up for free means you can fully focus on kraken slayer into rage bait which is the core of master ye since years and you do insane damage with it [snorts] and you don't need to waste gold on boots. which means you get your powers back faster and you can basically snowball faster. If you take cash back, you need to buy boots and cash back works after buying the second item. So after you bought rael plate, you get more value than from boots and then even as third item you get then it's going to be really worth it with cash back, right? But then the game should be already full in your control or enemies are full snowboarding. So, magical footwear is better than cashback in most games. When I would play funnel, I prefer cashback because there's in total faster when I get to more items. Makes sense. But in general, you just focus on Kraken Rage, which is your core. And then magical footwear is stronger. So, you have in the earlier stages of the game more value. That's why I always take magical footwear instead of cashback. For the second one, you can take cosmic insight. You can take triple tonic. Both completely fine. Tripleonic is better though. Why? Because of the elixir. Level six. Level six, you do get 1.8 long swords. Okay, that is 18 AD. One long sword, 10 AD. Very valuable. With 1.8 long swords. Additionally, you basically win fights. If you win fight, you're in snowboard position. While this gives you a little bit cooldown. You can imagine what is better, right? So if you use tripleonic correctly, it's very valuable. Plus level 9, you get another skill just just more true damage on your E, which is also very very nice to have. Okay, for this room page, we always want to take attack speed AD and scaling health. Just for the lane, ye can take normal health. Technically also one AD. If you go with hail of blades, completely fine. Now for hail of blades, this is the end room page here. You can picture it. And yeah, for hail of blades, we basically can take this room page. Treasure hunter also completely fine. Relentless ultimate hunter also completely fine. But I like relentless hunter because I can run down people very very nicely with that. Six sense is just the best out of those. Sudden impact most raw damage. H of blades extremely good for master. Um but it's more burst than DPS. When you go crit master y, you go hail of blades because you one-shot them with burst. When you go onhit master, you can still go hail of blades because it's still insane damage output. Because with on hit, you can still go burst. With crit, you should not go lethal tempo because lethal tempo is DPS and with DPS, with DPS, you cannot go crit because crit is burst. So with crit head of blades with on it head of blades or leaf tempo that's basically it and I always like leave a tempo because it's more total value. Okay, now for head of blades, if you go for head of blades, you can still go um triumph and elacrity because that's ex basically insanely valuable for you. But because magical foot for and triple tonic has so high value again, you can still go this room page. And if I go crit mastery, this would be the room page I personally would go for. And then I just keep in mind I don't have the healing from my triumph and I just play the fights a little bit different, a little bit more thoughtful and my position will be insanely good. This is basically all about the runes and with that you can conquer tremendously. Okay, before I jump into the itemization now of Master Yi, this was the video I uploaded 3 months ago. The only Master Y guide you need to climb the challenge on season 15 here. I talked about itemization until this part of the video until here. So now guys, you have the entire remaining video which means half an hour where I talk about here we have abilities and combos. Boom. Then we have macro with master Y. Boom. This is the best. Absolutely nothing has changed. Check that one out if you want to get better and learn all his abilities and combos and macco with mastery tips and tricks and tools and everything. Now, we're going to talk about itemization and then I'm going to play a game in a very educative way for you. All right, talking about the itemization. First, we of course have to talk about Onit Mastery. For onet mastery, Kraken Slayer is the absolute best item you can buy. Blade of the Rune King is nice, but in general, not a good first item. Not anymore. The itemization for it, Vampire Scepter is very bad to buy in general, first of all. Second of all, Blade from King is really nice, but if it compares with Kraken damage is absolutely ridiculous. Like I I can show you here real quick. If you buy Kraken Slayer and you attack this enemy and you stack your your Kraken, now it's stacked and you queue it and it procs almost three times already. It is an insane damage. While you do this with Bader from King, you just have the first strike of Bader from King proc and then it is almost the same damage and I did like two out attacks more. So it just is not enough damage as Kraken Slayer with Kraken. If you watch my streams, you just know how often I go on enemies and absolutely watch them. Did you see? You even heard of it proced twice. >> Watch the the streams I play. See how much damage I put out with Kraken. Nothing compares straight up. Okay. Rage blade is the core not of master in like not of master on it. M this rage blade is core of mas. If rage rate wasn't existing, mastery would be 10% win rate. Okay, maybe 45. But this champion is absolutely useless if you don't go full raw damage output with crit or rage. Why is rage so important? Because if you your honor attacks procs twice, this works for your double strike. This works for your true damage. This works for your Q out deck reset you get on every single onhit damage. That works with Kraken proc. It works with bladed from room king damage personage H. It is insane. So it's so much total value every time. Even if you go blade from king first, which I would not recommend unless it's absolutely needed if you play against casanta tank, choaf tank, scan tank, mundo tank, four tanks. Yeah. Okay. Then you can go blader from king. Actually, even then I would still go kraken rage blade and then blader from king as you don't need to shred a casanta. Trust me, I shred a cassant with those two items. I I do magic damage on hit. I do damage. I shred the Cassandra. I know I shred a 5 10,000 HP casu will get shredd by this. Trust me. And worst case you can go on bloom king as third item. Okay. Now you want to go bloom king third because this if you have this then it's g this is so much damage. Nothing compares. Nothing nothing compares. No tinos no crit nothing compares to this damage output. Okay. Problem with this is that you are squishy. Also, problem is that crit burst is still better, but DPS or general damage after like one two seconds, nothing compares to this as I said, but crit has just the first two out attacks burst. Okay, that's why crit is optional. The difference is that on on hit you are a fighter, a warrior, so you need to survive the front line. as crit. You're like an assassin from Assassin's Creed, jumping here, jumping there, getting here, catch, running away. This is crit kind of play style. So, the play style is completely different. Playing critical strike because you're playing more of an assassin. If you go Kraken Rage Made, you need to tank the front line. That's why I go so often hexplate. Of course, if you use it, you get attack speeds, movement speeds, and it's really, really amazing, right? But it's mainly because it gives me 450 HP. I need that HP or I die. Tiana will kill me. King Xhaw will kill me. Brier with Titanic Hydra will kill me. Rexai will one-shot me. But if I have that, he can only get like 80% of my HP whilst I get then three four out attacks off and boom, he's dead. And then I survive it with very little HP, get triumph, frock, get my reset, flash on next target, kill them here quick. You know this HP is necessary for master. [snorts] Okay, >> then we have optional items. Witsand is optional. Death stance is optional. Hull breaker is optional. Um, Telminos is optional. GA is optional. Even QSS up if it's absolutely needed. I barely barely barely buy it. Is optional. Titanic Hydra is very optional. Okay? And you just buy whatever fits in that game. It's not rocket science. It's actually very very simple. Means if enemies have absolutely nothing to counter your attacks, they have Zona. Okay? Zona could also count your attacks with with um with her old, right? Let's say they have Dr. Mundo S. How are they going to stop your Titanic Hydra reset, right? If they have vain tumble Leblanc, then Titanic Hydra will do nothing because how can you attack Leblanc out attack W out attack Titanic Hydra out attack? How will Leblanc ever let you do that? She will jump jump, right? While Asian will just Q. You already did seven out attacks on him, right? Okay. Okay, so then you go Titanic Hydra Hull Breaker when you don't want to team fight, you want to split push. You actually one-shot turrets with this. The damage is this item is by the way broken with many champions, especially with the crystals. It's actually broken. And in a lot of games, I want to take it, but I can't because often times I need to team fight because we are stronger and we want to team fight because I cannot side lane because they will catch me on side. If I can, I would always want to go hellbreaker. And for team fighting, raw damage output, hex plate is better, titanic hydra is better, and as you know probably I do buy hellbreak a lot. Sometimes you need death sense if they have heavy 80 and you just need to resist a little bit of the damage output because the the healing you get from afterwards and the bleeding effect is insanely powerful. That 30% of the damage is not taken from you immediately. So you cannot get burst anymore which is master's counter. You dodge the CC with with his cues which is really really valuable as well. Now, [snorts] GA, when do you buy GA? You buy GA when enemies cannot kill you twice. Means they have one full all-in burst and then they have nothing anymore. If enemies have Caitlyn and DPS, G does nothing because the moment Rise uses combo and you die, Caitlyn will trap your corpse and boom, you die again. So Jay is only good if you play against champions that have like 8 seconds cool down abilities where they used everything on you and now you just revive again and boom they cannot kill you another time right or if you have multiple carries if they focus you fully and your Kaiser's 10 kills she will kill the enemies now they have to deal with Kaisen and boom you're already alive again if you are 20 and your entire team is 0 10 0 10 0 10 then they just focus you and then you survive and they focus you again so then G is useless Yeah. [snorts] Um, sterox some situations you just need the tenacity and you just need more survivability because hex blade titanic hydra or hellbreaker gives you also attack damage and sometimes you need you need more HP. You need to survive more. That's why I then go um stax just to have the shield again you know so I can I can tank a little bit more. Sometimes I if it's absolutely needed I go um something like this this then I have my Kraken rage by Tanic Hydra hex pate and then I go here I have boots now too right and then I have sterox now I have legit 4,000 HP because I need that to survive or I die okay because Jay doesn't do anything um in in you can imagine certain team comps hellbreaker wouldn't do much now in other games I don't think I need that much survivability I go hellbreer on side lane In some games, I don't even go to take hybrid because I think, okay, I go full glass cannon broom king, which is very risky, but I have an insane damage output and I'm giga fat. You can already build your own build with that. And again, it's not rocket science. I believe the average viewer of me is older than me. And I assume you guys are also very smart. Um, if you need damage, you buy damage. If you need survivability, you need survivability. And those are the items. This is it. You don't buy anything else. There's no man's plate. There is no black lever. There is no endless hunger. There is nothing. There is this is the build. This is it. This is on headmaster. This is it. This is art and I love it and I can't wait to play it. Oh my god. When I look at those items playing hell. Oh my god. Hellbreaker. Kraken slayer rage by bail room king side lane. Okay, I have to do it now. I have to do it. Oh my god, is this satisfying? And now if you look at the very late game, by the way, the crit crit gets also outscaled. Look at this and try to match it. This was already 7k. Boom. 16k. Another 10k at it. Like crit is nice burst, but this is art. This is love. This rage blade. You get your queue. Okay, I got to stop now. Okay, this is on it. And now we get to critical strike master. Okay, let's talk about critical strike mastery. Now, I always am a big lover of critical strike, assassin mastery back at the days also with dusk blade. For crit master, um, keep in mind guys that the only problem you face is that you cannot get any survivability after your queue. means often times is a trade kill. You engage, you get one kill really quick because you got your damage output and then you immediately die from CC and chain. For the crit build, you want to go at best Yal first because the highest efficiency. People don't do that. You want to go the new item, which is not true. No, yal has to be the best critical strike item. You stack that crit so fast because if you double strike and double, you reset in the jungle. You have immediately 25% crit from Yal and the attack damage is extremely valuable. So crit, as you can see, I have 0% crit right now. And if I attack just a few time with W reset, you see how fast I my crit stacks up, right? So I get to 25% crit very very quickly. Plus with the reset, I already have 9% crit, right? As we're only a few out attacks and it gets to 25% pretty quickly. As secondary item, probably collector because of the execute damage output. then you can already go infinity then you have an insane damage with crit again you go head of blades right now you can go the new item as well if you go for the new item this one your next out attacks do deal a lot of damage if you do normal crit just normal crit 460 you see okay now the execute crit right 230 when I the moment we ex activate it we just deal way more damage damage, 50% attack speed, and critical sight for 80% of your normal critical strike damage. If an attack would already critical strike, it deals normal critical strike damage and also deals 15% true damage. Okay, so 15% true damage additionally added that enemy pop with that. Okay, so find hunter bolts is the reason why crit mari is now very interesting. Keep in mind that Massi just got buffs. The buffs are amazing, especially for oneti. I think Massi is going to be now from B tier A+ and if you play him correctly, S tier very strong. Also, crit mastery and also insanely strong. Keep in mind with crit master your deaths is the most important. You're never allowed to die because you need to be hyper efficient, extremely ahead in the game so you can keep snowballing. you want to go infinity and now you have an insane damage output 100% crit. So now buying more crit as you can see for example fend lenser would do absolutely nothing. >> You don't really get more any value out of it. So the next item will be then death stance. You're going to have boots and then your full build and you also have some survivability. You can go technically speaking also hex blade. You can go GA very very good for critical strike mastery because you kill the enemy ADC and then you survive with GA. And um yeah I myself will play a decent amount of critical strike master in the upcoming time. You can watch it also on the streams. Um maybe I'll upload something on the Zeneras Vots channel. You can make sure to follow that as well. I'm going to have it linked um in the description or somewhere here for you to click it out. Check it out already. I'm going to make some guides there too. Yeah, that's about the critical strike one. for the combos and for the play style. Again, I would recommend to I'm not going to talk about it too much because it's just way smarter to look at it in detail when I play critical strike mastery for if you play it. Just make sure you are hyper efficient. You only get sneaky catches. You don't have long extended fights. You get picks. You get you get kills. And then you go back to farming. You farm also very very fast. You take objectives also very very quickly. You're extremely squishy. You don't want to get caught ever. So, you basically need to be in the shadow the entire time. And the moment something happens, you walk in, get a kill, or get out. That's basically how you play Critical Strike Mastery. Damage output will be really, really beautiful. Okay, that's about it. And yeah, now I'm going to start playing. I'm [clears throat] looking forward to this. And let's conquer. Okay, welcome in the active game. We're playing here in master tiero. First thing you want to do is cover the entrance. You don't need to use your ward. I often ward in this exact spot. So I see if they invade me, if they late invade me and I have full control, if the enemy mid laner stays there, I can already throw an ability in there and we kill get first blood in some situations if we have good setup. Now you do can also ward botside if you're really scared they invade. Usually it doesn't happen. Of course, it's mirrored when you are blue side. Blue side is on the enemy team POV if you start on their side. We are playing now from red side. Um, and you should start red buff in 98% of all your games, especially if you're low MMR. Now, of course, you can pass top to bot if you think to bot is, for example, a very, very good setup. Let's say you are um, let's say you are blue side, so enemy team POV, and want to play for bot and you start blue buff and path to bot lane, it's okay. But you can also play for bot lane whil pathing to the other direction. The same for me papping to bot. I can still play for top lane. I can find a level three top lane gank, which I'm not going to do, of course. I can after the bots got already reset and then instantly l gank top lane. You will find options and I will also show you how you can do that. Okay, attack the small chickens here. So, they die from the burn. You see, now only four chickens are alive. Now, it didn't reset. You can use your E here again and it dies from the burn. You wait with using your elix here. Now, you use your elix here. Insta auto attack W out attack resa for maximum DPS. You can insta use your Q. And now you want to use your E on your double strike. So you have two double strikes with your E for maximum DPS output. One more out attack. The rest eyes of the burn. Insta Q into out W reset. Fastest clear possible. Insta use your E again with the double strike. Bot midline died already. It's going to be a spicy game. Me finding a way to carry whilst playing the game in a very educative way. We pull this. So the wrap of burn already pops on the blue buff. Now we use our E already because we of course want to use it when we have double strike ready. But in this situation, we also want to use it when we have Q ready, right? We pull the blue buff just here a little bit. You can ward this push if you're scared. Diana's extremely fast. You can use your F gears to look on your team. Got a one for one trade. We don't know where Dian is. You W here. You still don't know where Diana is. Now we see her top side. We start communicating as much as we can. Okay. Now, if we see a play, we can go for it. If we don't, okay, that looks like we can find a kill. You can also just base if you don't think there's something optional. We want to walk up on her and fight her. So, just going to walk up. We see AR is very far. Then I keeps fighting. I can just walk close to that. It's master to heal on the end. That's a very big mistake of not respecting me. He tries to flash over the wall. We don't even need to follow up flash because she just dies in a 1 v one perspective. Now, if if we could have also spam the Karina, best would have been that Karina does not flash and I flash over the wall. So, I get an additional reset. We get one more assist. You can also buy control if you have this amount of gold. We take that really big mistake from Diana. Now, Diana tried to get my chicken's respawn timer, which just straight up doesn't make sense because, as you can see, she cleared. I cleared. Of course, my respawn timer is not going to be perfectly on that time. Okay, perfect. Now, do we see a top now? Looks yankable. Why? Because the wave isn't a perfect setup to go for a gank. Look at the wave. It looks very interesting to find a gank here. Look how I attack it. I let my jungle pet burn them. The wave looks really good. Gwen has to push this. And now she's already dead. We can flash. Check if she has flash, but we probably are able to cut her off here. Like this. Just dice. She walks in a straight line while I cut her off. You see, we have the same movement speed, but because my distance is smaller, I'm able to catch her without using my flash. Okay, now we go back to full caring. My bot camps didn't even spawn. So Diana wouldn't even have the timer to invade. So Diana will just do her full clear. And now we communicate it and track it. Diana pathing top. Why do we know this? Because her first clear was starting wrap up and then pathing to top with that. Yeah. Auto W reset. Not even needed here. Now Dana should be on her wolves. So we danger ping this. It's very simple. Oh, she did invade my wolves here. Now we know it. She could be on this. She invaded my wolves. She invaded it. I had >> insta flash. Take this away. And now we kill her. She has no she has no flash. So she's 100% dead. Okay. Why did I spam ping like this like a maniac? Because my team doesn't jungle track. I do jungle track. So her pathing was chicken into my wolves invade which we can argue that is highly efficient. Now I'm going to start a dragon here. Why? Because we will get bot empire. I'm going to ping this. We will get mid empire. We don't have it right now. So it's a bit risky. And Diana should not path to botside. I actually just want to get the scuttle here. Then I'm level six. Okay, we pull it towards the dragon. We want to take both. Diana should take her top side camps. If you're very scared, you don't need to do this. Oh, I didn't want to smite the dragon. I wanted to smite the scuttle. We get level six of this dragon. We have the jungle finished now. Lena should be topside. Why do I know this? Because she cleared her entire botside camps. Now, why should she walk all the way up to the dragon when her camps are already cleared, right? If you're very scared that she comes, know that she's in this bush. Just wait for skull to spawn and then reset completely fine. But I'm very confident in my macro. Very simple. We buy control now. She couldn't have my top side again. But you see the champs just spawned. But now Rapov is spawned. I do have an elixia and I'm very ready. We see Arya on the map. So if Diana's here, she's alone. I will instantly all in her. There we go. She's dead. She has no flash. Already dead. Use Alex here. Follow up with the Q. She has no no E anymore because she used her E and we got a very free kill. Now Diana is playing this is like diamond master as I said master this account was already like 5 600 LP. Now in gold it will be very similar. You can track it because she doesn't have many options. If she wasn't here then I would have just not killed her but went for my normal clear and then found a player on the map. Also because she was level five that means her camps top side are now up. Okay, I'm going to walk towards the very good side. You saw the side from the canon. Really high value. I'm coming. Maybe I can reach it still in time. On my way. Okay, Gwen. No flash. I'm going to walk up on Gwen. Now, I have to be very careful with the way I play. Should be dead. I got my reset. Let's see where Pike goes. We can dive this guy because we have Katarina coming. Also, we take tower aggro here. We dodge a tower ago with my Q. Now, we get one plating here. We can take Yeah, just a little bit minions here. We can also give it to Katarina if we want to. You can. No, we cannot base here because the minions are not fast enough. Otherwise, I would have base here now. Highly efficient Kraken slayer by already. 4 Z master. Perfect game. Grubs spawn in 20. Do we want to play for grubs? Do we want to play botside? We can just imagine that. I have a good control bot side. We do have full actually in this game. Think about it this way. Diana spot. We can just go take grubs. Yes. Okay. Especially if Diana dies. Okay. Okay, if Diana dies, I'm just going to take Grubs. If Diana would stay alive, I just don't want to give my botsside camps. Even though grubs are free, I don't want to give her any counterplay because if she takes my top botside, I lose not only three but six camps because she got free and I did not get free. Why should I do that when I'm 4 now? Because she was dead, I can take this basically for free. Don't have top L pri. So now I don't need to scare be scared at all. If Diana walks up, we instantly all in her. Why? Because we have full item spike. Keep in mind, I'm using here 100% all the fundamentals. I'm playing master, but I'm playing with fundamentals to carry. If you want to also get better, then make sure to check out the course in the description. Ex. You can check it out and see all the fundamentals I use. Here I use item advantage. I have Kraken Slayer. She doesn't. If she walked up from me, I would immediately kill her. I don't want to invade her because I play for my champion specific strength which is me getting myself ahead in a selfish way. I know these camps are up. Here's a controller by the way. We can see that. And after the camps, I'm going to make a play which is hyper consistent and there's absolutely no counter play. Also, we danger thing here top side. Why? Because we know Diana's top. So, we don't want Canon to extend the play. Want to get you see Diana wants to invade me again. This guy is absolutely crazy in the brain. Yeah, we take the pen. Now we want to kill them. We should be a bit careful because of Pike being here. This Diana is really crazy. I here we will get the Ari otherwise she's dead. If she doesn't, she's going to die. We wait all the way until we use our Q. W reset here. Q one more time and he's dead as well. Absolutely beautiful. We check if the chickens are up here too. Uh how much does she have? 70. We don't know where Nafir is. I have to be a bit careful otherwise Nafir kills mid down. We check if the cruc here. We have two double strike stacks. As we can see with the pen, we have three double strike stack. We're fully double stacked, fully stacked. We can smite this as well here. I don't still don't know where Nafir is. Now we see Nafir in the map, so we don't need to be scared anymore. We check if the rapper is up. If it's up, I'm just going to base here and then go to my top side camps and everything is in beautiful condition here. Then I find some mid play. I buy this. Looks like a really good reset in this camp. I'm going to go berserkers. You can argue, yeah, but why would you go berserkers if they have three AP champions? I'm going to go witsent regardless. Merks is completely fine, but how many enemies can stop my auto attacking? I will shred them. And because I'm in full snowball position, attack speed helps me to snowball even further. That's why I'm going attack speed boots here. Now, [snorts] we want to play sideline catches, which is another mastery specific strength. We play for champion specific strength. One of the biggest fundamentals that I teach from the course. Very important. This could be warded. Completely fine. Now, we set up the dive. Enemies cannot stop the dive because I bzers and kraken slayer. So, even if Diana comes, we're going to dive them. But now, problem is Ari's also here. So now we are at numbers. So now enemies play with numbers advantage. Yeah, I need to be a bit careful. And there WAS FROM ME. VERY NICE. I LOVE IT because if I got my W reset off, I get a triple kill. But this is exactly what I said. We are outnumbered. Numbers disadvantage leads to us dying without any counterplay. Even though I needed just one out reset and all of them died. And I know so many of you guys are like, "Yeah, but it was so close. I almost killed them all." Yeah, by the way, if I Merks there, they would also die. Yeah, that's true. That's that's absolutely correct. But it's my bet that I went for this play because the moment I saw Ari moving, I should just back off. Game is one. But this is good because now it's more spicy and it's not just an absolute complete easy stomp out to win. We want to get it very spicy. Okay, they all died. Now we got top lane tower. Very interesting. We are still outnumbered here, but then I will face check this. So she goes for bot scuttle. I don't have rage bait yet. I want to fight when I have rage bait. ally has been slain. >> He's dead. Nice. We take mid lane resources. We take as many resources on the map. Then I was very confident going here because she had her bot lane close to her. But I can kill her before bot is timing has time to come. If her bot lane is in position to come though, I would be in big troubles because then I'm getting outnumbered. Exactly the mistake which just happened before. Now keep in mind I'm using the fundamentals and later on we will talk about mid lake macro where we get to as well. With that, we have a way easier time winning. They have no jungler, so they're not going to contest this. I'm going to play for my rage better than 800 gold. You see, enemy jungle is up, but I'm not going to go for that. I'm not going to go enemy jungle because we have no vision on the map. Pike could be here. Nafiri could be here. They could be warded, right? It's very risky. You don't need to flip. If I was bedw with wolf form, I would go. If I was another champion that can dash over walls, I would go. But I master. I cannot escape the moment I engage. But the moment I'm in enemy jungle, I'm full all in and send it, which I don't like. I'm just going to farm until I have my rage blade. I'm just going to take million resources, top side cams, and I'm going to have enough gold for my rage blade. We don't care if my team dies here because I'm in full control of carrying this game. Again, guys, another jungle trick, by the way, I teach you guys is you need to become the leader. I'm going to take the lead and I'm going to carry this game. >> I need to just concentrate and I will carry my entire team. I should, by the way, tell them to not fight that much. Calm down. Wait my rage blade. Wait, my power spikes. Play with me. Also, what I think is very cool is that the game is now so spicy just because I died once. If I didn't die once, I was in full control of the game. If you play crit mastery, it's even more important to not die. By the way, now I go side and find catch after catch after catch after catch. We don't have flash. We also don't want to play into the Ari. She has seven kills. We want to play away from enemy strength and play for my strength. Now play for me. I'm very strong. Use the tool of communication. Another fundamental we use the [snorts] cabal. I want to kill the Diana and the Gven because they have absolutely nothing against me to survive me. Let's see how it goes. We have top push coming in. My control still stands strong here. I'm going to wait in this bush. Grump is also up. She gives it up. I'm going to start with taking the grump here first. If Diana comes, we kill her. Now we got to be careful already because we don't see anyone on the map. If this is worth it, going to be very tricky. Pike is here. need to run run run. Beautiful. And now I played exactly what I told you guys. I want to play on the other side away from Ari. Ari was not in this fight and the fight still happened. This is was hard and difficult because Ari was so close on being there, right? And I knew I'm going to get Pike 100% because I know my champion with champion mastery which I learn if she phase check that. That's very interesting. Maybe with Ali find a catch here. No, doesn't seem like it. Okay, I'm going to base by tunneler. Get more HP. I cannot play because I don't have old. I don't want to play for old and flash. I want to play when I both up. Now I use my strength again. This one I should always ping away. By the way, this is really bad. Why? Because I'm not there. I'm the carry. Same way as I play away from the AR. Enemies play away from me with the moment they take the fight. Right. Could be good. Could be good. Okay, he finds an engage. I'm going to go on Ahri. very bad because I'm outnumbered and I don't have flash and I'm just getting kited into Kaiden into Kaiden into Kaiden. If I had old again, triple kill. We saw again I don't have all. I don't have flash. I'm not allowed to play. My team fought before me. I need to communicate to them to fight with me. Now, if I'm 100% locked in, all of these things would never happen. Why? Because another thing I always teach, I take the lead. This for example happened without my consent. I will decide if this happens with good communication. Ping is control. Okay. Now I'm trying to take control but I need to focus there a little bit more. Play with me. I'm strong. I have flash. We win fights now. Now I usually also say sorry team. We got this. All good. I'm in control. Play on Drake timer. Nami. I need you play with me. And you need to play in a very demanding way in the jungle in general. Okay, we see Diana walking up and you will see the game switches around the moment I take the control over the game. You will see. Yeah, we want to play with me. Now Ari's fat. We don't like this unless she I'm going to walk in. Okay, we don't see. I'm going to catch Diana here if possible. He's going for her grump. And now I'm going to catch her here. An enemy is unstoppable. >> I still have break. Her flash was actually really good. My bet. How do you want me to play this and not die? Nami, I need you. Please go with me again. If Nami was here with me, that would be completely free. My mistake was just that I didn't instantly flash over the wall following the Diana. She would just die and then the Ben would also die. You see? Okay, play with this guy. Both listen already. It's all good. Just rough position. I will carry a gigafet now. They have a lot of damage. I do need wits. I think now looking at this, I think going berserkers again. I redeem myself. It was a mistake. Actually, it's good if I played correctly. If I die one or two times, Merks will be way better. So, it was just my bad that I didn't play correctly whilst buying Berserkers. We want to walk up on the dragon. We got one kill now. Kadina has no TP. We outnumbered. I want to kill the Ahri, which is my goal. That could be a catch on the Ahri. I'm going to walk up. Maybe we find a play. Diana also coming closer. Nice. That's one shot down. We're going to walk closer. Keep spam spaming. You see how I spaming? This is how we play League of Legends. Start pinging. Start controlling the game. Walk up on the Diana out. I'll take out auto attack. I'll take reset. I can use my ult here to get the W reset. I'm going to chase this guy. Really well paid. Okay, we got double flash and old and we got all the sums from the from the fury. Absolutely perfect. I reset for my hex here. So, I'm going to take Grump into Wolves. I should have also pinked that Gwen will be trying to find a catch on the Lucian. I didn't take again full control over the position. I should have told the Lucian. For me, that was very obvious. And if it's obvious for me, why do I not take the lead over this Lucian as well? Absolutely my bad. Nice. Good job. Very good job. We don't know where Ven is, but Ven cannot one v one me. That's impossible. I'm way too fed. I'm just going to use my Q because she can't fight me anyways. I'm full HP with rage braid stack. If she fights me, she will play into my cards. That would be absolutely amazing. Want to see if Krux RP as well. Absolutely beautiful. After this, we push the wave that is going to come here. Let's type it again. How? Yeah, now she pings me. I'm strong now. Let's group. Uh I have Witsand also. I'm going to sell my control W for witsand. I think Bang Witz here is in here is so insanely good against free AP. I just do it. I'm very very strong. Go fight. Fight. Go go go go go go go. Diana's here. Diana's here. We can walk up. We can walk up. Just take the pen. Nice. Nice. Nice. Good job. Good job. Insta old. Insta old. W reset. Boom. We walk on Pike. I'm not scared. I wait until he is. Now I'm going to try to side step this. Keep walking up. We got our old reset. Dodge the arm. Okay, she's not using it. Boom. They got out. Perfect. Completely fine. Very well paid from enemies. Enemies are playing this game way better than I expect them to do. So, I'm very s impressed by them. People in a very aggressive way. We can't do more. So, we're going to try to push bot 92. If Pike walks up, we don't want to fight because I don't have all. So, we just want to get this tower if possible. We don't want to fight further. Okay. Van base. So, they have numbers disadvantage already. You see Ahri is so fat. 10 kills. Used old and flash. Going to cue this here. I used old and flash and just died. Why? Because of fundamentals from the course. Numbers advantage. I'm not scared because we have numbers. In numbers, you always win. It's so important. I'm going to wait until I have my hex plate. I think I'm going to wait until really well played from the Katarina. Could have probably played it a tiny bit better, but I like that they push top side. [snorts] M we're going to take mid lane control and push mid lane T2. We cannot we don't know in time to defend top which is okay. We see four people on the map. We see five. I'm going to get full mid lane tower. We also have all if Pike defenses he will die. Yeah. A good TP. She has no TP. She has ignite their base now. >> I can't take it. Actually deals insane damage. Wow. She deals insane damage. I'm actually giga surprised. I have 100 magic resistant, 3k HP, and she one shot me. While it's missed almost every ability. I mean, that was probably Lichban auto attacks. I didn't see. Also, she got her home guards, which I need to calculate more in this new season. But the game is very spicy. We're four items now. Hex bait activation is going to insta win the game. I have all also three levels ahead of the Diana now. 60 CS ahead. I'm two items ahead. We probably give this give it. Play drake. We play drake. All good. Wait me. Don't fight. Perfect. Nice. I have the control over to my team. They didn't fight. They didn't in. Now >> mid pryo into fight. Go, go, go, go, go. We win now. 5v5 easily. Yeah, it's communication. It's not easy, by the way. But with that, we have the best odds of them coming. We can also trap in a bush here. I'm going to trap in this bush here. >> Okay, that's not a 5v5. Wow. I will probably either kill him. That's so good. Really well. Okay, we can all we can set it. I'm actually so shocked we lose this. Yeah, we're not grouped together. My bad. The Diana Zas was good. And I'm also actually giga surprised by how much damage the enemies deal. Their damage is so high. Please, just five men mid. It is very, very easy. The reason we didn't win this is because we didn't have the correct numbers advantage. I did not get as much control as I wanted to. It should be 10 times easier if we grouped up. What I did wrong here is I didn't communicate it good enough. I was confident that my team is with me, but they weren't. So, I needed to back off until they with me because they would have Canon was there just a little bit too late and I needed to back off. So Nafiri can't one-shot me, but I'm also not respecting the damage output that much. It's absolutely ridiculous how much damage ADC Nafiri does. It's absolutely ridiculous. Okay, I'm going to get rap. We lose the dragon here and then we have one more chance to team fight and group. This is also the reason I don't want to go crit mastery. If I go crit mastery, one arm, one old, one anything, and I'm dead. And here I can I at least have 3,000 HP and 110 armor uh magic resist. So we should find a catch now at best pike. We can cheese in this bush. In this bush. This is really good. If they face check, they're already dead. By the way, we just be patient now. I need to concentrate. We're going to win this game. Yeah, we walk top lane. An >> ally has been slain. >> Ari top bot lane. That's a one good thing. Enemies are playing really well, I have to say. And then I feel the damage is absolutely ridiculous. She kills me so insanely fast. It is insane. What a game. I probably need death stance here cuz I Diana Zas is a big problem. I also can't really focus anyone else and I just die so insanely fast from this damage output. It's insane. We need to group. We have one more chance on Baron. Let's go mid pryo S5. We win S5 still. Canon R with me. We try our best. We don't give up. It looks really hard and it's I struggle a lot right now communicating with those picks, but I do my absolute best and I will not give up. Okay, how do I play this now? Top Scarland 40, Baron 220. when I first get my blue buff is almost she's almost seven items now. Um, also makes the game kind of difficult. >> I just get one shot. The damage is just way too high. >> Triple kill. >> And then we fought again. Not in correct numbers. We were just caught one by one. Amy got caught and me got caught. We have one last chance. Let's group up together. We will win this. I have flash on Baron as well. I need to one-shot Nafiri. Problem is Nafir has unarget ability. >> Nice. And she's dead. Wow, this damage is in. What the [ __ ] >> There's no now. could be dead. Okay, finally Tos down. HOLY [ __ ] TOSS DOWN. OKAY, NICE. FINALLY. It's going to be a good I'm doing the correct thing right now. I need to wait my setup. It is hard as really really hard. Go, go, go, go, go, go. >> I'm going to concentrate now how I can win this game. There's no zas. Could be dead. Nice. We have numbers advantage. >> There's no and edit. >> We have 40 seconds. >> Focus, focus, focus, focus. If she engages, insta kill her. We don't give her the minion wave. >> W I still have my >> And that's how we win, ladies and gentlemen. That was a very difficult one. Well played. He There we go. Very difficult, but I believe now it is absolutely my bet this game got hard. And now you already view you see my mentality. Now my team Ginted and the enemies played extremely well. We got to give it to them. We got to give it to enemies playing well. We got to give it to my team running it down like little pigs. Right. This was like diamond [snorts] master TO looking at those players. Master master two 300 LP. Right. Okay. Now that's fine. Now what you should do though is even if we lost this is a very high chance we lost. We go into the replay. And now we look at our fundamentals. we use all the time. There are so many fundamentals. I will show you right now. Okay, just real quick. The one death here. The one death here. This one lost bit again. Okay, now I I did recover. I did try to communicate. I did my best and we almost lost and and maybe we win, maybe we lose, right? Okay, but this death is not tolerable. Why? Because we learn the fundamentals. We see AR moving now. Now my greedy ass is like I'm going to stack my Kraken slayer, my double strike. I just one shot the Gwen. Then I one shot the Diana and I win this because yeah, there's a very high chance I win this, right? I if if Ben walked up, she's dead. If here the AR charm doesn't hit, she's dead. [snorts] Now, also here, if I focus the Diana immediately if I did my W reset, if I flashed the charm, I will always get a triple kill. I just misplayed it mechanically and I wasn't fully focused. All these things happen, right? This is excusable. But we have to have takeaways. So when we review our games, important is the takeaways. So my takeaway in this position is the following. I thought I win this. I got basically blinded by my own ego. It's legit what master you would say. Lol. That's hilarious. I got blinded by my own ego thinking I beat them because there's a master players, right? And I think okay that should be easy. Winning that the numbers advantage not respecting the core of League of Legends fundamentals numbers disadvantage. Now imagine how the fight would have went if we didn't I would just to show you how important that's by the way the biggest biggest biggest one imagine imagine Ari wasn't there just imagine how the fight would turn do you see how easy this is imagine Ari wasn't there how easy this fight is so learn that if you respect numbers it will be extremely easy to first not fall for the temptation of here letting your own pride blind you now if I didn't go for this play I could just base. I could just take my chickens. I could play for dragon. I could just give up this place. You see if I review. Okay, next time I want to get the grand catch. This is good so far. This is good. Now I take the control word which is also correct. Okay, now I want to go for the dive. Now I see Ari rotating and now I walk to the bush to the top and just base go to my chickens into botside and try to play with the Nami. Nami, play with me. We got this. Let's play dragon. Do we get bot push? Can we find a midline play? We dip. we get out. That is the correct play. And then the game would have been easy. And trust me, then the game would be in complete easy stomp. And the same thing goes for you. Your games in gold platinum are only hard because you don't respect how the game should be played. And the moment you play the game in correct terms, the hard leads to your [ __ ] stomping every game. Boom. It looks like you're smurfing. That's how simple it is. Now we have a takeaway. Now we improved. Absolutely beautiful. Now, as well, if you guys want to get better, then here you can see my coaching. I offer coaching sessions. You just need to message me on Discord. Discord is also in the description. Make sure to first check out the complete climbing course. All the fundamentals I just talked about are listed here. I can help you climb. I can also offer you a climbing guarantee with my complete climbing course. All you have to do is message me on discord say you want to get the complete climbing course and you want the climbing guarantee then I can give you one looking at your OPG first then I know okay how far can I give you a guarantee what I estimate you will be climbing with that watch this video now next for free >> all right go on the description you see the course watch this video for free and then you can take a look on how the course will be looking like with the fundamentals if you apply that your games will be very easy I hope you enjoyed this mass Ye guide and educational video on that side. Let me know in the comments below if you want to see more. I'm considering to do in general just upload on this YouTube channel so many educational games for so many different champions and simply focus on the educative part. Let me know what you think and I wish you a beautiful day. Kiss your hearts.
