Title: 3 Minute Lucian Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8TlgKha_Ss

Content:
Why play Lucien mid? Well, he brings very high burst damage. He's mobile and fairly safe. He can snowball games hard and he's a strong lane bully. However, he is damage reliant so can struggle from behind and he can get outscaled by other laners. Lucien's passive is after using an ability, his next basic attack fires off a second shot which deals damage. His second passive is whenever Lucen is healed, shielded, or a unit nearby is hard CCd, his next two shots are empowered. Empowered shots deal bonus damage and it can store up to four empowered shots at one time. Lucien's Q is a point-and-click ability which then fires out a straight line skill shot. Enemies hit by this are dealt damage. Lucien's W is a straight line skill shot which explodes in a cross pattern dealing damage to enemies hit and marking them. Whenever he or an allied champion attacks a marked target, he gains a burst of movement speed and also gets his bonus damage passive. Lucien's E works as an auto attack reset where he dashes in a direction. In addition, the cooldown of this ability is reduced every time he uses his passive double shot, and it's reduced even further if this double shot is used against an enemy champion. Lucien's ultimate is a straight line skill shot, which channels for 3 seconds. Lucien can move during this time, and it rapidly shoots bullets in a direction, dealing damage to the first enemy hit. For combos, start E into an attack and then Q into attack. Follow up with W into an attack and alt. It's very important to note that as soon as your first attack goes off, the second shot can't be cancelled. So, as soon as the first attack's out, use your next ability. And your chase down combo is use W into E and ultimate, getting massive movement speed into an attack, Q, and attack away. For matchups, Lucien is great into skillshot reliant champions as he can easily dodge their abilities with E while dealing massive damage, and he can struggle against champions with easy lockdown who can explode him. For runes, take this. PTA is amazing single target damage. For build order, start blade and pot into an essence reaver and tier 2 boots. From here, a flicker blade and IE are great pickups before finishing a build with any of these as needed. It's great to note when you have flicker blades, your cooldowns become so low, you can basically use spell after spell in an infinite combo. For skill order, start Q, then E, then W before maxing Q, then E, then W, taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and ignite, although barrier works against some of the more difficult matchups. Starting the game, you're looking to bully hard. Your level one with PTA is great damage if you can simply just walk at and shoot your opponent. Otherwise, your level three is incredibly strong. Having three spells to proc your passive three times or even four if you can get E off twice is just more damage than most champions have at this point in the game. And at this point, as long as you can avoid being hard CCD, basically any trade is a good one. In addition, especially if your opponent's playing safe, your wave clear is very strong, so you can easily push them in and get priority to roams and ganks. Entering the mid game, your bot lane will usually come mid, but you're pretty happy in a side lane. You're a surprisingly good jewelist and push waves and take towers quickly. Entering late game team fights, you want to play as the backline carry. With your shorter range, your job is often just to attack the thing in front of you, making sure it dies. With Essence Reaver and Flicker Blades, as long as you're attacking, you can basically infinitely rotate through your abilities. So, use E to dodge key abilities while dealing tons of damage before you can dash at the backline. And that's how to play Lucy Mid. Leave the video a like and comment below who you want to see
