Title: How to Play Yone in Season 16 | Builds, Runes, Changes
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mY-9DpY_CM

Content:
All right, so the biggest major change that we're going to talk about first is a role quest. So, they're getting rid of Fleet Footwork, which thank god. I thought that was really bad for the game and just very boring. So, they're replacing it with role quest. So, each role, mid, top, jungle, support, AD carry all have different role quests. And the way you complete them is just by CSing minions, getting solo kills, tower plating, epic monster, stuff like that. So, it's all stuff that you are in control of. Unlike Fleet Footwork it was kind of just like, "Oh, I played perfectly and I still lost them." So, I think this is really, really, really good for the game. And basically what you get for all of them is top lane gets to go level 20 and gets more experience. And mid lane you get upgraded tier three boots, [music] which the upgraded tier three boots for Berserker's is really nice. They are They get 5% life steal and 40% attack speed. So, mid lane Yone is actually pretty good now or better because the 5% life steal feels really, really good. So, I like that. And you get an upgraded Baron recall every like 3 minutes I think. And the more kills you get the lower it goes. And then bot lane you get more gold from just everything. And you get a sixth item slot. So, saying all of that it sounds like mid is the weakest, but I think since like the mid lane one comes online the fastest it's actually going to be a lot stronger than you think it is. But, yeah, I think that's really cool and a lot better than Fleet Footwork. Next thing that's coming into mid season is, as you can see, these crystals on the tower. So, let's just the first this wave roll past. All right, so the first auto that you go on it it does a lot of damage. So, yeah, that did 500 damage. So, I don't really know how I feel about this change. It feels kind of weird. But, yeah, basically the crystals just accumulate by if you were not hitting the turret at all. So, it seems kind of weird that you kind of just get rewarded for like not hitting your turret and you're pushing the whole time, which honestly is again pretty good for Yone because if you're later to just like leaves you get a big chunk. So, I guess it's pretty good. Also, as you can see, the plating is actually different. So, they're making it so like bigger and bigger the more you go on. It's not just like the same, which again I think is like kind of good for you because you just get plating faster. So, yeah, that's that's also something new. Other than that they are adding more plating on every single turret, which I think is a It's a pretty good change cuz if we're split pushing like we want to do you're hitting the turret, right? And you get to halfway you just get a lot of gold instead of getting nothing. There's more gold for us, pretty good. Another new thing they're adding is these little I don't know ward shrines. So, you put a ward in them it reveals the whole area. So, you just ward this whole area, see this whole thing. Yeah, I don't really know what to say about that. I guess it's cool. All right, next we have a big change that I really like, removal of Odikhan. Odikhan is out of the game. My least favorite objective and probably my least favorite part about season What was it? 14? It was just such a headache. I think in competitive it's fine, but in solo queue oh my god it was just a you every other game you just throw the whole game for Odikhan. So, thankfully it's gone. The flowers are on. All the clutter on the map, but I like that. That's really good. All right, then some smaller changes they're making Baron a lot tankier. So, I just spawned in right now. I'm just going to try to solo it. So, as you can see, I'm both item Yone right now and it is a lot tankier. Cuz this is only a 14-minute Baron, which I think that's how it counts. So, yeah, they made it a lot, lot, lot tankier. So, this is really good. I think this is good because people were just like soloing it. And when there was like a team fight if you had like a Kai'Sa on your team you would just kill it in like 2 seconds. So, that's really good. So, in my opinion these changes are insanely good for the game and Yone in general. Let me know how you guys feel in the comments below. Also guys, we have just completely revamped the Yone and Yone and Yasuo Bibles for the new season. If you were ever thinking about buying them now is the perfect time to learn all the new builds and changes coming into the season. It includes updated match-ups, all new item builds, and day-to-day updates of everything as I learn what's best in the new season. For just $12 you can go into the season already knowing everything that you need instead of completely ruining your placement games. All right, now let's talk about the new Yone builds for the upcoming season. So, I put four builds here. The main build is, you know, we're very used to this one. It's just Bork, Shieldbow, Lord Dominik's, Death's Dance. Usually people were going IE, but even on current season I think Lord Dominik's was naturally better cuz Yone doesn't have any innate pen. So, if they did get a lot of armor and you didn't go Lord Dominik's you can't really fit pen into your build. But, since they nerfed crit chance on IE by 10% and they put Giant Slayer passive back on Lord Dominik's, I think this is going to be the new go-to over IE. So, it's same build. Unfortunately, I think this is still going to be the the main build into high HP and fighters like if you're against a Yasuo, if you're against an Irelia. But, they did change new boots. This is only for mid laners by the way cuz of the new Fleet Footwork. But, you get 5% life steal on the boots. So, this combined with this you're getting 15% life steal, which is quite a bit, honestly. When you're bursting mages you're just going to be out sustaining them hella hard. So, it seems pretty strong. Then our second build we have Kraken build. This is versus squishier people. If they're not building any HP then you don't go Bork you'd rather go Kraken, which, you know, Kraken's actually going to be a lot better cuz new boots in mid lane at least you're getting 5% life steal. But, yeah, again it's the same build path as Bork, just no Bork and yeah, Lord Dominik's third. Then our third build I've talked about this build quite a bit, which is PDIE with Conqueror. I made a video about this quite a bit. This is just going to be against assassins. Let's say you're against like an Evelynn Z It just feels really good going like PDIE and then getting the Death's Dance plus the defensive boots, you know, then Bloodthirster or something like that. But, yeah, nothing really changes with this build. Although, I need to test it on the new season just because, you know, the thing with mid lane at least is [music] you need to get the boots cuz that's you're like incentivized to get the boots cuz if you don't have tier two boots you don't get the upgraded tier threes, right? Which this build usually you want to go like three items without tier twos. So, now you're forced to get the tier twos. So, it might be a little bit worse. I need to test it out. And our fourth and last build I'm not going to say this one's good yet. I, again, need to test it out in the new season. But, we have Stormrazor. So, it's 3,200 gold, 50 AD, 20% attack speed, which is less than Bork, by the way. And then it just does an energized attack, which gives you movement speed afterwards and a little bit of magic damage. So, I think this would actually be a pretty good item if the build path wasn't cheeks, which is the same build path as Yone and it gives half the attack speed as Yone and it costs 100 more. So, if this was like a 3,000 gold item, which I think it should be. 3,200 is way too much. I don't know. I'm going to have to test this out. But, if you want to test this out I think Fleet is very good with it just because Fleet and the Stormrazor movement speed combined feels really good. It's more like an in and out type of item. Tempo doesn't really have much place this build. So, yeah, if you want to test it out maybe you're against like a hard match-up like LeBlanc, Aurora, or maybe a Zed you can go Fleet with Stormrazor, IE, Death's Dance, Bloodthirster. Again, I need to test this one out. The first two builds definitely good. This one might be get a little bit worse. And this one need more testing. I'll let you guys know. Okay, let's just go regular Bork build. We're done using the the new core items. Oh, okay, the thing that I wanted to say though about the new like core is I think the new core is going to be Bork obviously and then Shieldbow. And then instead of IE I think IE is kind of dead cuz they reduced it by 15%, right? It used to be 45% now it's 30%. So, I think this item's kind of dead. And it's actually a lot better to go this, which is kind of the same cost almost. It's 100 less. It's 100 less, but you get 35% armor pen and you get the Giant Slayer passive. >> [music] >> So, I I think Lord Dominik's third is going to be more core than um than going IE in my opinion. I think that's going to be the main build. Cuz at that point you get everything you need. You get 100% crit. You have a lot of life steal, on-hit damage, like max HP damage, and then you get armor pen plus like the Giant Slayer passive, which makes it so you do more damage to high HP targets. How do you check people's secondary runes? Um Oh, that's a good question. I Yeah. Right? Cuz that's the quest, no? What's blocking it? I didn't even realize. How do you check their secondary runes? It's okay. They'll probably fix that, surely. Surely, Gludius. Surely, surely. It's like I don't even understand the knowledge of like being able to see their quest. Like I don't care about that. God I think the quest thing just gives me dopamine, though. I like it a lot. Cuz again like I was saying this on the first day that Uh-oh, yeah, I don't know if you guys know this, but like basically you complete your quest faster, twice as fast if um you're doing you're doing the stuff in your lane. So, if you're playing mid lane and you're roaming a ton and you're getting like a lot of kills bot lane or something you only get half the points. So, if you're getting solo kill, solo kill, solo kill mid lane you get double the points and you'll complete the quest faster. The quest thing really gives you free boots? Yeah, it upgrades your tier two boots to tier three. And then you get a Baron recall every like few minutes or something. Which is pretty strong. I mean just the tier three boots themselves. So, I think it's really strong. Um Oh my god. He's smurfing. But, yeah, this rewards you for like on your lane really hard. Which I'm all for. I I think on your lane should get rewarded. Let's you snowball faster if you're just getting solo kill, solo kill, solo kill. And it makes it so that play style like Akshan just roaming for kills they're going to get their quest 10 times later than you. Very nice. Wait, what's the support quest? I forgot what you even get. Oh, I think you get like more gold. You get more gold and you get you get something. Karasuno is perma-banned from League? W. Holy That guy is the biggest piece of I've ever met in my life. Well, I would say so. He's up there. He's quite the terrible human being. Oh. I want to see like how long it takes to get the quest in like a normal game cuz like obviously I'm going to get the quest a lot lot a lot earlier in these games where I'm just getting solo kill, solo kill, solo kill. Cuz like even with three solo kills it's only halfway done. But, I think you would get like I want to say it probably be by the time you get your first item plus boots. No, I can't remember matchup isn't that bad for Kat. It's really hard to kill her, honestly. It's like my mental block matchup, too. I hate versing Katarina, personally. Ooh, the Q's though. Who died there? Did they change any of the tier three boots at all? No, not majorly. They buffed the mage ones by 1% pen, I think. I think right now it's 18 magic pen and 7% magic pen, but now it's 8%. They buffed by 1%. But Berserker's is the only one that got like a major like shift of like what it does. Thank god. Thank god, too. I was like, bro, if the boots are just still the same old, it's really bad. I'm really glad they changed it. I was scared. I was like, if that's all we're getting, it's not good, bro. But yeah, you can look at the other ones. It's um I don't even know if they changed the stats or at all, but I think they're the same. They nerfed CDR ones. Ooh, I haven't checked Swifties. What do Swifties do? Seems the same. Yeah, I think they're all the same. I don't know about numbers, number-wise, but they're the same. And Swifties went from 20% 40% slow reductions. Wait, 20% to 40%? Is that true? Reduces effectiveness of slows by 40%. Oh, that's kind of a lot. Stormrazor Stormrazor is a bait item, in my opinion. I think most likely you're not really going to be going Stormrazor. It's it's a bait, in my opinion. Although like if you're playing mid lane, it's takeable, for sure. It's because like new Berserker's gives you 4% attack speed. Which is like definitely pretty nice. Do I feel top lane gets ahead in levels? I can't really tell cuz I'm playing on PBE and I'm just like shopping my lane every single game, but yeah, I think for the most part they're up like a whole level, at least. I can kill this guy without dying. Kind of wish you could see the quest easier on people. Like if they're going to put this here, they should be like a load up thing. So I don't have to actually like click on it and like see the number. Like it's kind of annoying. All base. Oh, my sword has aids on it. She's going to hit this and then she got two plated. Yeah, so this is with four solo kills and as soon as I bought my boots at my Bork, and then we got it. So this is what I'm saying. As soon as you get it, look at this. You got So you have your Bork and then you get 5% life steal. So you have 15% life steal. That's like a lot of stats. Dog, Like is that not an insane spike? You get 15% life steal and you get 40% attack speed from this and 25% attack speed from this. That's pretty insane. Like those stats are a lot. Yeah, you don't have to buy them, either. They're free. They're completely free after you buy the tier twos. So in my opinion, the main build is still going to be Bork first item because like just being able to abuse 15% life steal is a lot. 15% of life steal is a ton, man. How do you ever like win a trade against someone who has that much life steal? And it's like now I don't even have to recall. I have 15% life steal. Watch. Oh, Wait, what the But it's like see, now I'm full health again. It's not only 15% life steal, I have a Doran's blade, too. So that's even more life steal. So now I could just like be mid lane and never have to reset ever. Cuz I have so much life steal. What the hell? Ooh, he's OP in mid. Look. Oh, loss of Oh, oh, just look away, bro. Just look away, man. Just look away. Are you guys ready for three years in a row, the same build? Three years. I mean, you could you could go Yone Soul. You could go Yone Soul. They nerfed it. I don't really know why they nerfed it, but I already thought this item was already like kind of like hard to build. Now they nerfed it even further. But they won't nerf Bork. Uh I'm pretty sure if someone could check what the live stats of Yone Soul, I'd appreciate it. Cuz I'm pretty sure all they did was increase the gold on it and not increase any of the stats. Could be wrong, though. Now we're getting you, bro. We're touching you. Does Yone Soul currently have the stats of 50 AD and 40% attack speed? Did they actually increase it without like It's 55 AD. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. They nerfed it? >> [snorts] >> What? They increased the gold and they Are you serious? So they gave us 5% more life steal on Yone Soul, but lowered the AD and then increased the cost. That's a that's a big nerf. Because you don't need the attack speed anyway. Ew. Chop that guy's head off out of anger. Also, the funny thing is we're going to have even more attack speed now because of um because of the new boots. She's sucking me dry, bro. Oh my god. Yeah, you don't need more attack speed on this item. Hm, interesting. All right. Now this is where you complete the build. Say bye to You know the build is changing cuz say bye to Infinity Edge and say hello to What's it called? Lord Dominik's. This has to be better than I like every game, I'm pretty sure. I think it's good, but I No, I didn't even get to the item. Rather bail. Oh, I popped off too hard. >> [music]
