Title: He contracted the unwanted twins, but they unleashed the power of the Dragon God and ruled the world
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRQVXUVYKEA

Content:
Lanu nodded upon hearing this. Capturing two six-star shadow monsters in their berserk state is quite an achievement for this hero Kyle. He wasn't entirely a good for- nothing who relied on prophecies. He did have some real skills. He withdrew his gaze, losing interest in the lively scene and urged, "All right, stop looking. Take me to see your cult leader." Chapter 20. Unexpected riot. Wanu shouted that. "Uh-oh, okay. Okay." Chi-chiong finally realized what was happening and hurriedly nodded and bowed as he led the way. But the two had only just turned around and hadn't even taken two steps. Roar! Ah! Suddenly, a ferocious roar came from behind, followed by terrified screams from the crowd. The two of them turned around abruptly. The forearmmed demonic leopard inside, creating a huge gap. The freed shadow monster, like a black lightning bolt, instantly rushed into the crowd. The crowd immediately erupted into chaos. Screams and cries rose and fell. Blood instantly stained the street red. Quick, stop it. Protect the people. Hero Kyle's expression changed and he immediately gave the order. The knights behind him reacted quickly, immediately drawing their weapons and charging towards the shadow monster that was wreaking havoc in the crowd. However, another shadow monster also broke free of its restraints. At some point, instead of charging into the crowd, it turned around. Its scarlet beastly eyes fixed on one direction. With a sudden burst of strength from its limbs, its massive body leaped high into the air over the chaotic crowd and pounced straight towards Lan Yu and Chi Chiong. That foul smelling wind rushed towards us. Uh Mr. Lan Yu, be careful. Chiong was so frightened that his face turned pale, his legs went weak, and he collapsed to the ground. However, Lan Yus face remained expressionless. He didn't even lift his eyelids. He simply drew the Hegny sword at will. With a gentle wave, a tiny palm-sized jet black crescent moon condensed to its fullest extent appeared out of thin air. Dark Moon Dragon Blade. The dark crescent moon made no sound and did not generate any astonishing momentum. It just happened so quietly in a flash. The next moment, the six-star shadow monster, a forearmmed demonic leopard, which had pounced menacingly into the air, suddenly froze. Immediately afterwards, a thin line of blood appeared from its neck. Then the hideous beast head separated from its body cleanly and decisively. The massive headless corpse, propelled by inertia, slammed heavily onto the ground 3 m in front of Lanu, kicking up a cloud of dust sold out instantly. Clean and swift, a one-hit kill. The people around who had been terrified and scattered in all directions were stunned by what they saw. They stared blankly at the blue-haired youth who stood still, not moving an inch, their minds completely blank. Meanwhile, on the other side, the shadow monster that was rampaging through the crowd was also slain by the combined efforts of the hero Kyle and his knights. Kyle flicked the blood off his sword, but his gaze immediately fell on Lanu. A hint of surprise and seriousness flashed in his eyes. He stroed over, his signature gentle smile returning to his face, and extended his hand to Lanu. This friend is quite skilled. Thank you for your help. You solved our problem. Lanu glanced at him but didn't shake his outstretched hand. He simply nodded indifferently as a response. Then ignoring this much anticipated hero, he turned to Chiong, who was still trembling on the ground and said, "They're gone." After saying that, he left directly. Chiong jumped up and quickly followed after him. Kyle's outstretched hand froze awkwardly in midair as he watched Lan Yu's decisive and unhurried retreating figure. The smile on his face froze slightly. At this moment, a member of the cult stepped forward and respectfully reported, "My hero, everything has been cleared up and the public's emotions have been calmed down." Kyle withdrew his hand, his gaze still fixed on the direction where Lu had disappeared. He casually instructed his subordinates, "Go check the identity of that blue-haired youth." Led by Cha Chiong, Lanu walked through several secluded corridors and finally arrived at the depths of the Sunset Cults headquarters. Unlike the magnificent and imposing halls outside, the interior of the cult was unusually simple and tranquil. There were no luxurious decorations, noisy crowds, only rows of neat bookshelves and a few priests dressed in simple priestly robes, quietly cleaning or reading. The air was filled with a faint scent of sandalwood and old books, which naturally calmed the mind. Chiong seemed to notice the slight surprise in Lanus eyes and explained with a smile. Our sunset cult values inner peace and the transmission of knowledge rather than outward extravagance. Therefore, the true core of the church is actually the most simple. Lanu nodded non-committally. He followed Cha Chiong to the door of a room that looked like a library. Chay Chiong stopped, straightened his collar, and then respectfully knocked on the door. "Come in." An old but gentle voice came from inside the door. Chay Chiong opened the door and gestured for Lanu to enter. Lu stepped inside. The room was large with all four walls occupied by bookshelves that reached the ceiling. The top was densely covered with all sorts of heavy books. In the center of the room, a figure sat beside an antique wooden table. She was an elderly woman who looked very old. Her hair was completely white, tied back with a simple wooden hair pin, and her face was covered with wrinkles of time, but her eyes still looked clear and gentle. She was wearing a faded gray priest's robe and reading glasses, her head down, intently looking at a thick ancient book in her hands. She looked like any other kind, approachable old lady next door. It's hard to imagine that such an ordinary-looking old lady could be like this. the leader of the Sunset Cult, who controlled the largest religious power in the entire Sunset Kingdom. "Hey, you old geyser, stop looking. We have a guest." As soon as Chay Chiong entered the room, he shouted in a loud and boisterous manner. His tone lacked any respect. It was as if he were talking to his neighbor, an older woman. Lanu raised an eyebrow slightly. This Chiong seems to be treating their leader rather casually. Hearing the sound, the old woman slowly raised her head. Her cloudy old eyes narrowed into slits and looked over in this direction. She put down the scissors in her hand and walked over shakily. When she walked up to Lanu, she suddenly stopped. A hint of doubt appeared in her cloudy eyes, which then turned into sudden realization. A kind smile appeared on her wrinkled face as she spoke to Lanu. Hero, you've arrived. Lu. Chidito rolled his eyes and said irritably. You old geyser, look carefully. You've mistaken me for someone else. He pulled Lanu to his side and introduced him. This is a distinguished guest I brought back, not your so-called hero. After saying that, he turned to Lanu, smiled apologetically, and explained. Mr. Lu, I'm sorry. Our leader is getting old and her eyesight isn't very good. Sometimes she might mistake someone for someone else. Please bear with her. Lanu didn't speak but just quietly looked at the old woman in front of him who was called the leader. His heart was filled with doubt, fluctuation of shadow energy from this old woman. Is chapter 202 a bit too kind? This cult leader, she was just an ordinary person completely and utterly. Or is it that her strength has reached a level that I cannot see through it all? Nidhawk, can you tell how deep she is? Wanu asked in his mind. However, Nithog's voice soon echoed in his mind. I've confirmed it. This old lady doesn't have a trace of shadow energy in her body. She is indeed just an ordinary person. An ordinary person? How could an ordinary old woman who couldn't even kill a chicken managed to hold the position of leader of the most powerful force in Sunset Kingdom? This is really strange. Oh, a guest brought back from Cheeto. After a brief self-introduction, Lan Yu then got straight to the point and briefly explained the whole story to the old cult leader. from Lan Yu holding the core of the stars to his desire to use this treasure to obtain a way to leave the barrier. Finally, he rubbed his hands together, chuckled at the old cult leader, and said, "So, you old codger, why don't you talk to this brother?" Trading a piece of intelligence for a special material of the star core level is definitely a win-win deal for us. The old cult leader smile remained unchanged after listening to Chiongs account. She looked at Lanu and nodded gently. Okay, no problem. Her answer was crisp and decisive without the slightest hesitation. This time it was Lan Yu who was stunned. He originally thought that he would have to use his words and might even face some difficulties. Unexpectedly, this seemingly mysterious and eccentric old cult leader is actually so easy to talk to. Things went much more smoothly than he expected. Really, it's that simple. Lu looked at the kind-faced old cult leader in front of him, feeling a sense of unreality. To leave the barrier is an absolute top secret in the Sunset Kingdom. He was even prepared for the other party to make exorbitant demands and impose even more harsh conditions. But now the other party has agreed so easily. The old cult leader smiled and nodded, his clear eyes revealing not a trace of scheming. She paused, then continued in her gentle tone. Actually, the method to leave the barrier is not some great secret. At least that's true for the royal family and the higher-ups of our religion. Within our sunset kingdom, there are two special ancient teleportation arrays built by the sunset god himself. Theoretically, through them, one can indeed ignore the barrier of the three layers of barriers and leave this world directly. Upon hearing the words teleportation array, Lan Yus eyes lit up instantly. Where are those two teleportation arrays? He pressed. the old cult leader slowly said. One located deep within the royal palace of this capital city, the eternal city, guarded by the royal family for generations. The other one is located in the remote third region, a very secluded location. To activate these two teleportation arrays, in addition to a massive amount of energy, a special key is also needed. Each teleportation array corresponds to a unique key. The key to the teleportation array in the capital city has always been kept in the hands of the current king. As he spoke, the old cult leader slowly took something out of the inner pocket of his faded gray priest's robe. It was an ordinaryl looking stone slab about the size of a palm. The stone slab is dark gold in color and is engraved with complex and mysterious runes. And this piece in my hand is the key to activate the teleportation array located in the third area. After the old cult leader finished speaking, he didn't hesitate at all and handed over the stone slab that looked extremely precious along with an old map showing the detailed location. It was pushed in front of Lanu. Now they are yours, she said with a smile. Lanu stared at the key and map on the table, momentarily speechless. This is given to me. That's incredibly generous and lavish. He hadn't even taken out the core of the stars yet. Seemingly sensing Lanu's doubts, the old sect leader waved his hand and smiled. I trust Chidongs judgment and your credibility as a guest. You can hand over the items to Chidong after you have verified the authenticity of the information. Lanu gave the old cult leader a deep look and the feeling that something must be a miss in his heart grew stronger. However, he didn't say anything more. He reached out and placed this star core, which he had already copied hundreds of times, directly on the table and pushed it in front of Cha Chidong. Transaction complete. He wasn't one to take advantage of others. Since the other party was so agreeable, he naturally wouldn't drag things out. Chay Chidong looked at the star core in front of him, which was radiating brilliant starlight. His eyes lit up with excitement. He rubbed his hands together and grinned from ear to ear. He carefully put it away as if it were a priceless treasure. The transaction is complete and the objective has been achieved. Lanu stood up and prepared to say goodbye and leave. All he wanted to do now was get to the third area immediately, find the teleportation array, and see if he could leave this hellish place. However, just as he turned to leave, "Young man, please wait a moment." The old cult leader's voice rang out again, calling out to him. Lu stopped and turned around, his eyes filled with a question. The old cult leader smile remained as kind and approachable as ever. The teleportation array marked on the map is located at the edge of the barrier in the third area. The terrain there is extremely complex and it is shrouded in dense fog year round by a fog barrier, resulting in very low visibility and also disrupting one's sense of direction. If it's your first time there and you're unfamiliar with the area, you're likely to get lost easily. Lu frowned slightly upon hearing this. He had indeed heard about this when he was gathering intelligence. The misty barrier of Sunset Kingdom is far from simple. According to local legend, even the most experienced hunters dare not approach the barrier area too closely for fear of losing their way completely in the dense fog and eventually dying from exhaustion. The old leader offered his suggestion. That's right. Recently, we've observed that the barrier in the third region seems to be showing some signs of instability. Our religion and the kingdom have just organized a joint investigation team which is scheduled to depart this afternoon for the edge of the barrier in the third region to conduct an on-site investigation. Their destination is on the same route as the place you want to go. So, I'd like to invite you to join our survey team. That way, you won't have to worry about getting lost and you'll have someone to look after you on the way. What do you think? This suggestion sounds reasonable and is entirely in lawn's best interest, but there's no such thing as a free lunch. Isn't this old cult leader being a little too kind? Chapter 203. Drinking alone. Don't you feel lonely? Seemingly having heard Lu's thoughts, the old cult leader smile now carried a hint of I knew it. She slowly began to speak. Of course, I'm not entirely without conditions. I do have a small request and I hope you can grant it if possible. Hearing this, Lanu felt a sense of relief. If there are requirements, then that's good. This is in line with the essence of trading. What are the requirements? he asked. The old cult leader's gaze turned somewhat solemn. Based on my intuition, this investigation of the barrier in the third area may encounter some unknown dangers. I can see that you are a very capable young man. So, I hope that if the investigation team encounters any danger on the road, you can do your best to protect our church's priests. Of course, it's only what I can do. If the situation is truly beyond your control, you are free to leave on your own, and we will have no complaints. It turns out he wanted to find a free powerful bodyguard. Lanu pondered for a moment, then nodded. Can. That afternoon, under the old cult leader arrangement, Lanu changed into an ordinary priest robe of the Sunset Cult and blended into the joint investigation team that was about to set off. The accompanying team boasted a truly impressive lineup. In addition to the 30 fully armed royal knights, there was also a royal minister who held a high position in the capital and was frequently seen in the newspapers who personally led the delegation. It seems that this so-called barrier investigation is indeed no small matter. Just before the team was about to set off, night vice commander who was reprimanding his subordinates not far away, he lowered his voice and whispered in Lanu's ear, "Mr. Lu, have you seen that guy? He is Barton, the older brother of Bach, the leader of the Black Wind Society, whom you killed not long ago, and one of the vice commanders of the Kingdom Knights. It's because his older brother, who is the deputy regimental commander, is backing him up. That is good for nothing younger brother dares to act arrogantly and doineeringly in the first area, and no one dares to interfere. Although you acted very quickly at the time, the news had not been completely exposed. But you'd better be careful. Lanu followed his gaze, memorized the appearance of the night vice commander named Barton, and then nodded non-committally. He is never afraid of trouble. If this patent is really so blind as to come looking for death, he didn't mind sending the two brothers to reunite underground. The large group set off. The journey went surprisingly smoothly. Perhaps it was because this team's lineup was too strong. Whether it was the elite of the Kingdom Knights or the priests of the Sunset Cult, they were all extraordinary individuals. The aura emanating from the combined power of dozens of strong individuals was enough to deter most unsuspecting shadow monsters. About 2 days later, the team passed through the checkpoint that separated the first and second zones. We have officially entered the second zone where the terrain and environment have become more complex and dangerous. As night fell, the team set up camp on a relatively open flat area, lit a fire, and rested. In the Kingdom Knights camp, the campfire was burning brightly. A group of young knights who had finished their patrol were sitting together, wiping their weapons and talking excitedly in hush tones. Hey, did you guys see that? That swift wolves pack we encountered this afternoon. I see them. Wow, there are over a hundred of them. I thought I was going to have a tough battle. And then, well, the sunset cult sent out a priest who wiped out the entire pack of wolves in one move. Just one move. Not a single hair was left. You mean that blue-haired guy? He was incredibly powerful. I didn't even see how he made his move before the fight was over. When did the Sunset Cult produce such a formidable figure? I've never heard of him before. Who knows? Maybe he's a secret ace being trained by the cult. With such a formidable person, this mission will be much easier for us. Just as the group was discussing this, a tall figure walked up from behind them. What are you talking about? It's so lively. The knights turned around and were startled. They quickly stood up and bowed respectfully. Lieutenant Commander Patton. The newcomer was none other than Barton, one of the vice commanders of the kingdom knights, a genuine six-star peak shadowmaster, and also the older brother of Bach, the Black Wind Society leader who was killed by Lu during the mission. Less chatting, more rest, and stay vigilant, Patton said expressionlessly, his voice carrying an undeniable air of authority. We have to continue our journey tomorrow, so go to bed early. Yes, deputy commander. The knights dared not say another word, obeyed the order, and dispersed. They could all see that the deputy commander's face was very ugly, and he exuded a cold aura that said, "Keep away." They had all heard that Patton's younger brother, who had been a tyrant in the first district, had been murdered not long ago. Therefore, this deputy regimental commander has been in a very bad mood lately. Anyone who goes to invite trouble now is simply asking for death. After his men had all left, Barton walked alone to a campfire and plopped down. He pulled a bottle of liquor from his pocket, unscrewed the cap, and gulped it down. The spicy liquor burned down my throat and into my stomach. But this did nothing to extinguish the fire of anger in his heart. Bach is dead. His younger brother, though useless, was still his own flesh and blood. He was dead. He died under mysterious circumstances. He used all his connections to investigate but only found a vague piece of information. The murderer was likely a powerful outsider. Apart from that, there were no other useful clues. There were no witnesses, no evidence, nothing at all. To investigate the barrier, personally ordered by the king, and he has no way to get away to avenge his brother. Thinking of this, he couldn't help but clench the bottle in his hand, his knuckles turning white from the force. With a crack, he actually managed to squeeze the hard wine bottle and create cracks in it. Just then, a gentle voice suddenly rang out beside him. "Don't you feel lonely drinking alone?" Deputy Commander Patton. Chapter 204. An opportunity for revenge. Patton abruptly raised his head, his scarlet eyes fixed on the newcomer. He was a middle-aged man dressed in the robes of a bishop of the Church of Sunset. With a kind smile as gentle as a spring breeze on his face, he looked harmless, like a kind uncle next door. Roll. Barton forced out a single word through gritted teeth. The strong smell of alcohol mixed with murderous intent gushing out. His current mood is like a volcano about to erupt, wanting nothing more than to burn everything in his way to ashes, and having no time to deal with these pretentious charlatans. However, the bishop seemed not to hear him, or rather not to feel the murderous aura emanating from him that was enough to terrify ordinary people. She sat down beside him without a second thought and even considerately dusted off non-existent dust from her robe. My younger brother was murdered, but I was unable to investigate the real culprit because I was bound by the king's orders. They didn't even know who the murderer was. The bishop's voice was soft and light, yet it was like an invisible hand that precisely gripped Barton's heart. The voice possessed a magical power that seemed to see into people's hearts. Every word struck his most sensitive nerves. Alas, it is truly a tragedy that such a talented person was killed at such a young age. It is truly regrettable. In that instant, Patton's pupils shrank to the size of pinpoints. He suddenly turned his head, his expression no longer simply fierce, but carrying a hint of surprise and uncertainty. The terrifying shadow aura emanating from his body, belonging to a peak six-star expert, erupted like an invisible storm, pressing a spiderweb like crack into the ground beneath his feet. What exactly do you want to say? His voice was as cold as a gust of wind blowing from the depths of hell, enough to freeze one's soul. Faced with this oppressive force that could make mountains tremble, the bishop's smile remained unchanged, still calm and composed, he slowly leaned close to Barton's ear, and in a voice only the two of them could hear, like the flicking of a viper's tongue, whispered, "wordby word." "What I wanted to say was, "I know who killed your brother." Barton's breath hitched. He stared intently at the smiling bishop before him, his eyes filled with a frantic suspicion and the last vestage of sanity in his weariness. You know who the murderer is? Why should I believe you? The bishop's smile grew even more amiable as he took out a small, faintly glowing memory crystal from his robes. Believe it or not, vice commander, you can see for yourself, won't you? He gently handed the memory crystal to Barton. Barton's hand trembled slightly. After hesitating for less than a second, he snatched the crystal. He eagerly infused it with a wisp of shadow energy. The next second, an incredibly clear image, like a flood bursting its banks, instantly flooded his mind. It was a private room in a luxurious restaurant. A young man with blue hair sat there calmly. That was the day Lanu killed his brother, Boach. Lanu never expected that someone would secretly record that scene in this way. Barton witnessed firsthand how his brother was slammed against the wall like a dead dog with the other man grabbing his neck with one hand and casually throwing him against the wall. He could even clearly hear Boach's desperate and helpless please for mercy before he died. Finally, the image freezes. The blue-haired youth, expressionless, casually twisted his wrist. Click. Box had drooped down at an odd angle. The entire process was smooth and quick, taking no more than 10 seconds. That's the end of the video. Buzz. Patton's mind went blank, and all he could hear was the deafening roar of the thunder. He remembered. He remembered it very clearly that the person in the picture, that blue-haired demon, was in this team. An extremely violent killing intent mixed with overwhelming rage erupted from his body. The ground beneath them could no longer withstand the pressure and exploded with a deafening roar. The bishop, a sinister smile playing on his lips, moved closer to the irrational Barton. he whispered in a seductive tone. We, the people of our religion, have always been kind-hearted and cannot bear to see such despicable acts of indiscriminate killing of innocent people occur. Therefore, we are willing to create an opportunity for you to take revenge. For the rest of the journey, the atmosphere in the group became somewhat strange. As always, Vice Commander Barton remained stern and unsmiling, directing his knights to carry out their mission. But those in the group who were perceptive could sense that his gaze toward the Sunset Cults group had become unusually cold and sharp like a ferocious beast lurking in the shadows, ready to devour its prey at any moment. About half an hour later, the team was traversing a treacherous canyon. An accident happened. Rumble. With a deafening roar that shook the earth, the mountain walls on both sides of the canyon began to shake violently without warning. Countless enormous rocks weighing an astonishing amount of tons and mixed with soil fell from the sky like an apocalyptic downpour. Landslide. It's a landslide. Quick, get out of there. Someone in the group let out a terrified scream. The entire group instantly descended into chaos. The roars of the knights, the nighing of the horses, and the crashing of the boulders colliding into a symphony of apocalypse. The crowd scattered and fled, each fighting their own battle, trying to escape this death valley before being buried alive. Lanu, however, showed no sign of panic in the face of this sudden natural disaster. With a light tap of his toes, he soared into the sky like a weightless feather. Behind him, tin wings made of pure light suddenly unfolded. Wings of the holy dragon. He flapped his wings of light, hovering effortlessly in midair, skillfully dodging the deadly falling rocks. Remembering his promise to the old cult leader, Lanu casually grabbed a handful. The two priests, who were so terrified they nearly got smashed to pieces, were dragged to safety. About 10 minutes later, the terrifying landslide finally ended, leaving the canyon in ruins. Lanu landed slowly, casually put down the two trembling priests, and patted the dust off his robes. He was preparing to change direction and catch up with the main force that had already rushed out of the canyon. But just then, a soft sound of a sharp blade piercing flesh suddenly rang out not far from him. Lanu glanced at it out of the corner of his eye. Not far away, a priest of the sunset cult who had just survived a landslide suddenly froze and lowered his head in disbelief. A blade tip stained with warm blood emerged from his chest. Behind him, a tall and imposing figure slowly emerged from the shadow of a boulder. Indeed, Barton, the vice commander of the Royal Knights, his face bore a ferocious and cruel smile, and his eyes were filled with the pleasure and madness of revenge. Team deputy commander, why? The priest, whose chest had been pierced, managed to squeeze out a few words, his eyes filled with incomprehension and despair. Patton snorted coldly, then suddenly drew his broadsword, sending a spray of blood flying. The priest's body slumped down, life extinguished. It's you. Barton flicked the blood off his knife, his bloodshot eyes fixed on Lanu not far away. His voice filled with barely suppressed hatred and madness. It was you who killed my brother Boach. Upon hearing this, Lu was slightly taken back, but then he understood. I didn't expect this guy to find out so quickly. He retracted the holy dragon wings and slowly landed on the ground, facing Barton from a distance. Seeing Lan Yu's calm and composed demeanor, Barton's anger burned even brighter, and he let out a morbid burst of maniacal laughter. Harah, this is truly heaven's help. Originally, I was thinking that if you stayed with the main group, I wouldn't have much of a chance to make a move. But now, this damn landslide has really done me a huge favor. Chapter 205. Raj's teleportation array, ruining my youth. He looked around and saw that apart from himself, Lan Yu and two other priests who were so frightened that their legs went weak and they collapsed to the ground, there was no one else. This place is practically a perfect natural execution ground. A priest rescued by Lonu pointed at Barton and shouted, his voice trembling with fear. Lieutenant Commander Patton, are you insane? How dare you kill members of our divine cult? Our divine cult will never let this go. A member of the god of slaughter cult. Upon hearing this, Patton's smile grew even more sinister and cruel. Who saw it? He cast his cold, almost murderous gaze upon the priest who had spoken. "Tell me, what can a dead person see?" His tone was all too clear. He intends to silence everyone here except himself. As he spoke, he raised the large sword in his hand high, and the shadow energy in his body suddenly erupted. He charged towards Lan Yu like a cannonball, laughing wildly. "Bury me with my brother, you scum!" Laughter echoed throughout the entire canyon. However, the next moment, the laughter abruptly stopped. A streak of light, so fast it was almost invisible to the naked eye, vanished in a flash. A huge human head shot into the sky. His face was still frozen in that ferocious and arrogant smile. The battle was over before it even began. Lu's figure had appeared behind Barton's headless corpse at some point. He slowly sheathed the Hegny sword in his hand. A fleeting moment. The two surviving priests were completely stunned. They stared blankly at the headless corpse that had crashed to the ground, then at the blue-haired youth whose expression had remained unchanged throughout, their minds completely blank. One, a six-star peak level vice commander of the Kingdom Knights. And that's it. He was instantly defeated. After resolving the minor problem of Patton, Lanu didn't linger at all. With the two priests still in shock and hadn't recovered yet, they quickly caught up with the main force. Lanu simply brushed aside Patton's disappearance with the casual remark, "He tragically perished in a landslide." Although the kingdom's minister in the group expressed doubt, "There was no evidence, and two surviving priests of the Sunset Cult were testifying." In the meantime, he could only make a note of the matter for the time being and planned to conduct a detailed investigation. After returning to the capital, the team continued their journey and finally at dusk on the third day arrived at their destination, the edge of the barrier of the third region. This is a desolate place shrouded in an eternal fog. The air was filled with a damp and rotten smell. Visibility was extremely low, beyond 10 m. Everything was a white blur, and nothing could be seen. The thick fog seemed to possess a life of its own, carrying a strange energy that constantly eroded people's spirits, causing them to feel dizzy and oppressed. The survey team set up camp 100 meters away from the barrier. The kingdom's minister and the bishop of the religion immediately led their respective groups to begin various surveys and studies of the strange misty barrier. Wanu, however, was not interested in any of these things. He greeted the bishop leading the group and then left the group. Following the directions on the map, he walked alone in another direction. After walking for about 10 minutes and passing through a pile of rocks, a simple roundstone house built from huge rocks appeared in front of him. This is the location of the ancient teleportation array as marked on the map. Lanu pushed open the heavy stone door and went inside. The interior of the stone house was empty. Only in the very center is there a circular stone platform about 10 m in diameter. The surface of the stone platform is engraved with dense complex runes identical to those on the keystone slab. This must be the special teleportation array the old cult leader mentioned. Lu walked to the stone platform and placed the dark gold keystone tablet into a perfectly fitting groove in the center of the platform. Buzz. As the key was returned to its place, the entire stone platform instantly lit up with a soft blue light. Those runes, which had been dormant for countless years, began to flicker and shine one after another like dragons awakened. A vast and ancient aura began to permeate the entire stone house. There's a response. A hint of joy flashed in Lanus eyes. He immediately began to try to inject shadow energy into the teleportation array following the method Nidhog had taught him in an attempt to fully activate it. However, an hour has passed. The teleportation array, apart from emitting light, did not react in any other way. 2 hours have passed. The light on the teleportation array even began to flicker as if it were running out of energy and about to go out at any moment. Lanu stood there looking at the half-dead teleportation array in front of him, utterly speechless. He was furious and so frustrated that he wanted to curse. After all that trouble and effort, I've come all this way to this god-forsaken place. As a result, this so-called teleportation array had been neglected and unmaintained for too long, and its core components had aged and been damaged, making it almost completely unusable. It's completely unusable. What a ripoff. He slammed his fist hard against the stone wall next to him. And just then, "Help! Help me!" Suddenly, a commotion and a weak cry for help came from outside the stone house. Immediately afterwards, the heavy stone door was suddenly pushed open from the outside. A man covered in blood, dressed in a priest's robe, staggered in. It was one of the two priests that Lu had saved earlier. "Run, run!" he saw Lanu, his face filled with despair, and with his last bit of strength, he shouted. With his shouts and the wideopen door, a series of shrill screams came clearly from outside. Those were the voices of the other members of the investigation team. Something's happened. However, before long, you could react. Asterisk puffed puffed asterisk. Dozens of black vine-like spikes made of pure shadow energy. It instantly tore through the thick fog outside, and like a torrential rain, it shot towards the priest who brought the news. Looking at the overwhelming black spikes before him, the priest gave a desperate, bitter smile and slowly closed his eyes. However, the death that was expected did not come. The next moment, he felt his body lighten as if he had been lifted up. The wind whistled in his ears. When he opened his eyes again, he found himself safe and sound in the corner of the stone house, 10 m away. At that moment, the one who had rescued him by grabbing him by the back of his collar with one hand, was the blue-haired youth. Chapter 206. Taking a detour. And at this time, the entrance to the stone house. A familiar figure slowly walked in. It was the same bishop of the Church of the Sunset who had always appeared kind, gentle, and refined. However, at this moment, he no longer had the harmless appearance he had before. Half of his face was covered by a black bark-like substance. One of his arms was completely mutated, turning into a hideous pitch black vine covered in barbs that extended all the way to his shoulder. He exuded a nauseating malevolent aura typical of high-ranking shadow monsters. Eyes narrowed as he looked at the other person's halfhuman, half monster appearance. He recognized him. High level mimicry, a rare and extremely dangerous type of shadow monster. They can perfectly mimic human form, aura, and even memories lurking in human society to carry out various acts of sabotage and conspiracy. He had encountered shadow fiends during the guild's shadow cave clearing missions. But those they encountered that time were just low-level scum. Their disguises were full of holes and they could be seen through at a glance. But this one in front of us is clearly different. This guy probably disguised himself as a bishop of the religion from the very beginning. And yet he hadn't discovered any flaws along the way. Rumor has it that highle shape mimicking monsters can even deceive the senses of ninstar powerhouses. It seems it's true. That that guy, he he's been a monster for the past 3 years. The priest beside him, who had been rescued, said in a trembling voice, "This so-called barrier investigation was from beginning to end a cover up operation." He orchestrated. The bishop opposite, or rather the shape-shifting monster, looked at Lanu and let out a strange he laugh. That's fast. With such strength, no wonder that simple-minded idiot patent died at your hands. As soon as he finished speaking, he stopped pretending. The body emitted a series of cracking and popping sounds from its bones. His body began to expand rapidly, completely transforming into a ferocious monster over 3 m tall, entangled with countless black vines and flesh. His aura instantly soared from six stars to seven stars. The terrifying pressure of the seven stars erupted like a tsunami in the cramped stone house. The surviving priest under this oppressive force could not even stand steadily. His face turned deathly pale and he collapsed to the ground. His eyes filled with endless despair. Seven stars. It's a sevenstar level monster. It's over. This time I'm really doomed. However, despite the terrifying aura that would make any six-star shadow master tremble, Lan Yu's face remained completely expressionless. He didn't even bother to look directly at the morphing monster that had already revealed its true form. He merely glanced at the abandoned teleportation array, which was still faintly glowing with an extremely displeased look. Then he spoke softly. His voice carried a barely suppressed rage that was about to erupt. Right now, I'm in an extremely bad mood because of this damn broken teleportation array. And you? He slowly shifted his cold, emotionless gaze to the sevenstar mimicry monster. But of all times, they chose this moment to come knocking on our door. You really do know how to pick your timing. The moment the words fell, the mimicry monster's mind went into overdrive. An unprecedented, deadly sense of crisis originating from the depths of his soul instantly enveloped his entire body. It didn't even have time to react. Roar. A terrifying dragon roar seemingly from the primordial era suddenly resounded throughout the entire space. Behind Lan Yu, a colossal blue dragon phantom composed of the purest shadow energy and chaotic power almost bursting through the entire stone house slowly emerged. That dragon was so lielike. Each dragon scale shimmerred with a dreamlike luster. Those golden dragon eyes were filled with an aura of indifference and ruthlessness towards all living beings. Sixth sense technique, dragons roar. The terrifying sound waves did not act on the physical level, but directly bombarded the soul of the shape-shifting monster. Ah, the enormous body of the shadow monster suddenly stiffened. Its scarlet beastly eyes instantly lost all their luster, becoming completely empty. Immediately afterwards, its body began to shatter inch by inch at a speed visible to the naked eye, turning into black powder that fell in a flurry and then completely dissipated into the air. Sold out instantly. A genuine highle sevenstar shadow monster couldn't even unleash a single attack. That terrifying dragon roar completely annihilated them from the soul level. The battle once again ended the instant it began. The surviving priest stared blankly at the shocking scene before him. His mouth agape completely incapable of thinking. Who exactly is he? Slowly recovered from his extreme shock. He looked at Lanu his eyes filled with awe and gratitude. He told Lanneu everything he knew. in detail. It turns out that this highle mimic monster killed the real bishop of the church three years ago and took his place. It lurks within the cult, secretly plotting an extremely evil conspiracy, a large-scale sacrificial ceremony that will affect the entire Sunset Kingdom. This ceremony needs to take place at several special locations within the Sunset Kingdom. At the same time, a large number of humans were sacrificed to open a passage to the realm of an unknown evil god. This edge of the barrier is one of the important sacrificial sites. This so-called barrier investigation mission was from beginning to end all about bringing in a sufficient number of sacrifices. They lured them here quietly and it was all part of a carefully planned scam. As he spoke, the priest took out a somewhat worn map from his robes and handed it to Lanu. Some other possible sacrificial sites that I deduced based on some information left behind by that monster and ancient texts of the divine cult. Lanu took the map and glanced at it. To be honest, he wasn't interested in these things. As an outsider, he didn't want to get involved in the messy affairs of Sunset Kingdom. All he wanted to do now was rush back to the capital, find the king, get the other key, and then try the teleportation array in the palace to see if he could leave. He was about to throw the map back to the priest, and let them deal with it themselves by going to the royal family or the higher-ups in the religion. But just then his gaze, however, inadvertently fell upon a small town on the map marked with a red circle located in the second region, Pincher Town. Yes, it was the small town where Shu Xiaun lived. Lyus brows furrowed slightly. He doesn't consider himself a selfless philanthropist. He could be completely indifferent to this sacrificial ritual and to the lives and deaths of those other strangers. But Shu Xia, that girl, genuinely helped him when he was injured and unconscious. Well, finally. Lu sides softly to himself. We need to go to the town where Shu Xiain lives first. As for the capital, well have to go there later. Chapter 207. The final bottom line. Rock town, Lord's Mansion. Since Lonu left, Prince Aus felt much more relaxed. The mountain that had been weighing on my heart has finally been removed. Even the air seemed to have become fresher and sweeter. These days he has even started to deal with the backlog of government affairs in his territory which is unprecedented for him. This left his men completely dumbfounded. Their lord who spent all his time drinking and hunting and had slacking off written all over his face has actually changed his ways. Your highness, this is the latest security report for the territory. A loyal knight respectfully placed a document on OS's desk. OSS leaned back lazily in his chair and casually flipped through the documents. At first, he looked at it casually, but soon his brows furrowed slightly. Missing residents. 20 people have gone missing in just half a month. OSS's voice carried a hint of barely perceptible somnity. Although Pancher Town is located in a remote area, its public security has always been relatively good. This is the first time such a large-scale disappearance of people has occurred. In the past, OS probably wouldn't have even lifted an eyelet. It's just a few missing people, isn't it? Most likely it was carried away by a shadow monster or it got lost in some ravine. He couldn't be bothered with such trivial matters. But now after what happened with Lan Yu, he has become much more cautious. This world is far more dangerous than he imagined. Who knows what kind of mysterious monster is lurking behind these missing people. If another unreasonable guy like Lanu comes along, my life will be in danger. Go investigate for me. OSS slammed the document on the table, his tone leaving no room for argument. Get to the bottom of this matter and find out the whole story. Yes, your highness. The knight accepted the order and immediately turned to leave. Under the rare supervision of OS, the lord's manner became exceptionally efficient. In just 2 days, a detailed investigation report was presented to him. The report indicates that these missing residents appear to be linked to a secret underground human trafficking organization. They specifically traffic homeless people and children and their whereabouts are unknown. Human trafficking. As OS looked at the report, his eyes turned cold. He may not care about the development of his territory and he may tolerate his subordinates misdeeds, but he will never allow such dirty tricks to happen under his nose. This was not only a challenge to his authority as a lord, but also a violation of one of his few remaining bottom lines. That night, OS personally led a team of trusted men, acting on intelligence, and silently surrounded an abandoned warehouse on the outskirts of the city. This is one of the strongholds of that human trafficking organization. Instead of launching a direct attack, OSS, like an experienced hunter, patiently lurked in the shadows, waiting for his prey to reveal its weakness. Not long after, a fertive figure slipped out of the back door of the warehouse. He looked around wearily and only after confirming that it was safe did he quickly walk towards the town. Follow him. OS gave the order in a low voice. The group of people hung silently behind that person like ghosts in the night. They walked through quiet alleys until the man finally stopped at the back door of a rather grandl looking mansion. He knocked on the door rhythmically. Soon the door opened and a man dressed in the robes of a priest of the sunset cult walked out. "Is everything ready?" the priest asked in a gentle and polite voice. Everything, everything is ready, sir. The fertive man bowed and scraped, his attitude extremely respectful. The priest nodded in satisfaction, took out a money pouch from his robes, and tossed it to the other man. Very good. Here's your payment. Remember, keep your mouth shut. Yes, yes, I understand. The man took the money bag, a greedy smile spreading across his face. Just as he turned to leave. Let's do it. One of the knights beside OS lowered his voice and prepared to lead his men to charge forward. However, a hand suddenly pressed down on his shoulder, etc. OSS's voice carried an unprecedented semnity. His eyes were fixed on the priest, who still wore a smile and looked kind and approachable not far away. A chilling cold originating from the depths of his soul instantly swept over his entire body. Something's not right. This priest is very strange. Asa's innate ability to see into people's hearts and sense danger was now frantically sending him warnings. In his perception, the man in front of him wearing a priest's robe was not human at all. Beneath that gentle smile lay a nauseating aura of extreme evil and chaos. That's not something a human being should have. That's a shadow monster, and there's more than one. Os's gaze slowly swept over the half-opened door. Several blurry figures stood in the shadows behind the door. Each of them exuded the same chilling aura of danger as that priest. They're all monsters. You were your highness. The knight who was being held down looked at OSS in confusion. Shut up. OS squeezed out two words through gritted teeth. A fine layer of cold sweat already seeping from his forehead. He slowly and cautiously led his men backward. Every step felt like walking on a knife's edge. They were afraid of making even the slightest sound and alerting those terrifying monsters. The retreat went exceptionally smoothly. The monsters didn't seem to have noticed them. The group quietly withdrew from the alley, only breathing a sigh of relief when they were more than a 100 meters away. Your highness, why did you just now? One of the knights couldn't help but ask. However, OS made a shushing gesture, indicating that they should continue their retreat. Just then, a knight was backing away when he accidentally stepped on a shard of broken glass that was lying on the ground. Careful. With lightning speed, OS pulled the knight back. The broken glass reflected a faint light under the moonlight. If that step had landed properly, the crisp sound would have been enough to alert anyone in the alley. Everyone looked at the glass and felt the chill run down their spines. Cold sweat instantly broke out on their foreheads. They dared not be careless any longer and followed behind OS, fleeing the area as quickly as possible without any major incident. Only after they were completely away from the mansion and back on the safe streets did they dare to breathe heavily. Your highness, what exactly happened just now? That priest, is there something wrong with him? His men gathered around, their faces filled with confusion. Oas did not answer. He leaned against the wall, his face still pale, his heart was still pounding wildly. Just now, if they had made one wrong move, their entire group would probably have been wiped out. What should we do? Your highness? A subordinate asked. Should we gather all the guards in the territory and go to surround and wipe them out? Encirclement and suppression. Upon hearing this, OS laughed self-deprecatingly as if he had heard the biggest joke in the world. What will we use to encircle and suppress them? Our lives. His intuition told him that the monsters were far more powerful than they had imagined. A direct confrontation will only lead to certain death. Run. OSS took a deep breath and made the most rational judgment. Immediately, right now, pack your things and leave Rocktown. This place is no longer safe. His intuition has never been wrong. This area has been shrouded in a huge shadow. If we stay any longer, we'll surely die. Yes. Although filled with doubts, the men, trusting OS implicitly, did not hesitate and immediately accepted the order to leave. However, after running two steps, OS suddenly stopped. He seemed to remember something important. His expression changed and he suddenly turned around and ran in another direction. Your highness. The subordinates were all stunned. Where are you going? You're going the wrong way. Without turning his head, OS's voice came urgently. You guys go first. I need to go back and get someone. Boss, why are we going back? It's too dangerous. The subordinate shouted anxiously. OSS's figure had already disappeared around the corner of the street. Only one resounding sentence remained, echoing in the night wind. I have to go and bring Shu X Shiaan with me. He admitted that he O was not a good person, lacking talent and ability. He spends his days opportunistically and slacking off and has even done many unethical things. However, taking good care of Shu Xiain was his promise to Lan Yu. Keeping promises is his bottom line. Chapter 208. Determination. OS doesn't consider himself a good person, but he has a bottom line, which is keeping his promises. It was because he always kept his promise to those loyal brothers from back then. That's why when he was surrounded and killed by his brothers and sisters in the capital, she believed in him and protected him, fighting her way out. He absolutely cannot and will never tear down this bottom line with his own hands. The night was as dark as ink, and the cold moonlight shone on the stone paved road of Pansure Town, giving it a cool and clear glow. OS ran wildly through the quiet streets, his heart pounding so hard from the intense exercise and extreme tension that it felt like it was going to burst out of his chest. The wind whistled in his ears, making his magnificent robes flutter loudly. He now had only one thought in his mind, to find Shu Xiaun and take her away from this place that was about to become hell. As he ran, he kept praying in his heart. Please, please don't let anything happen. That girl was just an ordinary twostar shadow master as fragile as a candle flame in the wind. Any low-level shadow monster could easily take her life. And now the entire town may be filled with those terrifying monsters disguised as humans. At this thought, Oas's heart sank to the bottom. He quickened his pace, pushing his physical strength to its limit. Finally, the familiar, somewhat dilapitated little house came into view. Inside the room, warm lights were still on. OS was overjoyed and his anxiety eased somewhat. Thankfully, it seems she's still at home and all right. He rushed to the door of the hut, taking three steps at a time. Just as he was about to knock on the door, he saw Shu Xiaun walking out from inside. The girl was still wearing that simple gray coat. Her long brown hair was tied into a simple ponytail, and her delicate face carried a hint of joy and anticipation. Seeing that Shu Xiao Yun was safe and sound, Aus breathed a sigh of relief. However, before he could even feel happy for a second, his heart sank suddenly as if he had fallen into an ice cellar because he saw that there was another person standing next to Shu Xiaun. The robes of a priest of the sunset cult. The man had a gentle smile on his face and was talking to Shu Xia in a friendly manner. From that priest, OS sensed an incredibly familiar, chilling aura of danger. You can't be wrong. It looks exactly like the monster we encountered in the alley earlier. This guy is a shadow monster, too. In an instant, OS felt as if his blood was about to freeze. His feet seemed to be nailed to the spot, unable to move an inch further. What to do? What to do? His brain was working at lightning speed. Charge forward. That's tantamount to suicide. With just a flick of a finger, the other party could grind him and shoot X Shia into mince meat. But if we don't go up, are we just going to watch Shu X Shiain be taken away by this monster and become a sacrifice? No. No. OSS's eyes showed struggle and hesitation. He remembered his promise to Lanu. He recalled the trusting looks in the eyes of his brothers who died protecting him. Your highness, promise us you will survive and live well, carrying our share. We believe in you. Yes, they believe me. Although Lon, you didn't say it. And trusting the person he cares about most to me is a form of trust. I o s can be afraid of death, can give up, can be a piece of trash. But I cannot be a treacherous and despicable person. OSS took a deep breath and the hesitation and fear in his eyes were replaced by a resolute look. He clenched his fists so tightly that his nails dug deep into his palms. He knew that every step he took and every word he uttered would be like dancing on a knife's edge. The slightest misstep could lead to utter ruin, but he had to go. Your excellency, are you saying that the sunset cult is going to hold a blessing ceremony in our rock town? Shu Xiaun looked at the priest in front of her, her clear eyes filled with surprise. The priest smiled and nodded, his voice full of seductive charm. That's right. Our sunset cult in gratitude for the blessings of the sunset god has decided to hold a grand blessing ceremony in Rocktown. Any devout believer who goes to participate has the opportunity to receive divine blessings. Received a blessing. Shu Xiauns breathing became rapid. Then does that mean my strength will also be improved? low-level shadow artists struggling at the very bottom. This is undoubtedly a tremendous temptation. Of course, the priest's smile grew even more benevolent. The blessings of the gods are boundless. As long as your faith is sincere enough, anything is possible. Very good. A genuine smile appeared on Shu Xians face. She seemed to already see a future where she would be much stronger, no longer needing to be a burden to others and able to live well on her own. Priest, shall we go now? She was already quite impatient. Of course, the ceremony is about to begin. Let's go. The priest smiled and made a please gesture. However, just as Shu Xiaoin took a step, preparing to leave with the priest. Suddenly, a hand reached out from the side and gently yet undeniably grasped her wrist. Um, Shu Xiain was taken aback and turned around to look. Lord Os without her noticing, was already standing behind her. His face bore the usual composed and languid smile characteristic of aristocrats. It was as if I had just happened to be passing by. Your highness? Shu Xiain asked in surprise. The priest turned his head and looked at the unexpected guest. His gaze lingered on OS for a moment, his gentle smile remaining unchanged. So, you are the lord of Rocktown. My apologies for my disrespect. As he met the other person's gaze, alarm bells rang in his mind. But on the surface, he remained calm and composed. He even gave the priest an apologetic smile. My lord, I'm so sorry to have disturbed you. His voice sounded as calm as ever, even with a touch of cynicism. However, I suddenly remembered something important that I need to tell Miss Shu Xiaoy. Oh. The priest raised an eyebrow slightly. I wonder what important matter requires your excellency to make this trip in person. Os's heart was in his throat. He could feel that the other person's gaze was like two invisible sharp knives seemingly trying to see through his very soul, but he knew he absolutely could not show weakness. He laughed and said in a seemingly relaxed manner. It's nothing serious. It was something that Mr. Lu asked me to pass on to Miss Shu Xiaun when he left. As you know, I have a bad memory and I'm often in a days. That's why I suddenly remembered it today. So, I came here quickly wanting to take Miss Shu Xiaun to my residence to retrieve it. OS. Chapter 209. How did you find out? As he spoke, he patted his head with a serious expression, looking quite annoyed. Wanu. When this name was uttered from OS's mouth, Shu Xiauns body trembled violently. Those eyes, which had been shining brightly because of the blessing ceremony, were instantly filled with another more complex and brighter emotion. Is it something left behind by Lord Lan Yu? Compared to the ethereal blessings of the gods, the name Lan Yu was the most real and reliable thing for her. My lord, I am very sorry. Shu Xiain turned around and bowed deeply to the priest. The blessing ceremony. I I'll participate next time. I must go and get Lord Lanu's things now. Her tone was full of apology, but her attitude was unusually firm. The priest looked at the two people in front of him, his smile still gentle. However, a barely perceptible chill seemed to flash deep within those eyes since it was left behind by Mr. Lu. It is indeed very important. He nodded, appearing very understanding. It's all right, Miss Shu Xiaoin, you may go. The blessings of the gods are always open to devout believers. Thank you for your understanding, your excellency. Shu Xiaan thanked him again and then followed OS and turned to leave. OSS holding Shu X Shiauns hand walked ahead step by step seemingly calmly. His back was already soaked with cold sweat. He could feel that cold gaze following them like a shadow. Like a venomous snake lurking in the shadows, always ready to launch a fatal attack. He dared not look back, nor even quicken his pace. He could only force himself to maintain a normal pace. Step by step, moving further and further away from that terrifying monster. A cool night breeze rustled the leaves of the trees lining the streets. Aus held Shu Xiauns wrist tightly, his palms covered in sticky cold sweat. He dared not turn around nor make any unnecessary movements, but maintained the composed gate befitting a nobleman, leading Shu Xiaun step by step away from that dilapidated little house. Every step felt like walking a tight trope. He could clearly feel the cold, malicious gaze behind him, like a leech fixed on him. In that gaze, there were no human emotions, only a pure, chilling malice. It was as if he would be torn to shreds in an instant if he made the slightest move. Shu Xiaun followed behind Aus, her heart filled with doubt. She could feel the Lord's hand, which was holding her, trembling slightly. His steps appeared relaxed, but each step seemed unusually stiff. "Your Highness, what's wrong?" she asked softly. "You look terrible." "Fine," OS squeezed out two words through clenched teeth. his voice sounding somewhat. He forced a smile and turned to Shu Xiaun, saying, "You've probably been drinking too much lately. You're feeling a bit weak." "Hurry up! The things are still waiting at the manor." He dared not explain, nor dared he linger. They are still too close to the monster. Any unusual action could lead to their deaths. Although Shu Xiaun found it strange, she didn't ask any more questions when she heard that it was something left behind by Lan Yu. She just quickened her pace and followed closely behind Oas. The two of them walked one after the other through one quiet alley after another. OSS, familiar with the terrain of Rock Town, deliberately chose to go to those remote and deserted corners. He didn't know if the monster had followed, but he had to prepare for the worst. Finally, after turning a street corner and confirming that the feeling of being pricricked by needles behind me had temporarily disappeared, Aus suddenly pulled Shu Xiaun into an even narrower alley. He seemed to have all his strength drained away, leaning against the cold wall, panting heavily. Large beads of cold sweat trickled down his forehead and cheeks. His expensive clothes were soaked with sweat and clung tightly to his body, making him look utterly disheveled. Your highness, your highness. Shu Xiaun was startled by his appearance. She had never seen this usually languid and composed lord so out of control. What? What exactly happened? She asked anxiously. OS waved his hand, indicating that he was fine. It took him a while to calm his wildly beating heart. He looked at Shu Xiaun, who had a worried expression, took a deep breath, and his face became more serious than ever before. Shu Xiaun, listen to me. What I'm about to say may seem unbelievable, but you have to believe me. Seeing his serious expression, Shu Xiain also became nervous and nodded vigorously. The priest you just encountered. Austin paused, seemingly organizing his thoughts. He is not human. What? Shu Xiaunys eyes widened instantly. He's a monster. A shadow monster disguised as a human. Oessa's voice was extremely low. And that so-called blessing ritual. It was a complete hoax from beginning to end. A trap. Their goal is to lure ordinary people like you to a place and then use you as sacrifices. Boom. Os's words were like a thunderclap exploding in Shu Xians mind. Her face turned deathly pale instantly, devoid of any color. Monster offerings. She couldn't believe her ears. That seemingly kind and approachable priest was actually a monster. The blessing ritual that made her stronger was actually a scam. How? How is this possible? However, looking at OSS's extremely solemn expression, she had no choice but to believe it. My lord, there's no reason to lie to her about something like this. Thinking back to how she almost followed that monster to participate in the so-called blessing ceremony, she felt a pang of sadness. A chilling fear instantly shot from the soles of my feet to the top of my head. I'll explain the rest to you later. Looking at her like this, OS knew that now was not the time to explain in detail. You need to get out of here with me first. The entire rock town is in great danger right now. He took Shu Xiauns hand and prepared to leave from the other end of the alley. However, at that moment, a gentle yet slightly mocking voice suddenly rang out from above their heads. Oh, so someone noticed. I thought I was just overthinking it. That sound AOC and Shu Xiauns bodies suddenly stiffened. They stiffly, slowly raised their heads. On the rooftops of the walls on both sides of the alley, the priest they were supposed to have shaken off had somehow appeared silently. He looked down at the two people in the alley, his face still bearing that kind smile. However, that smile no longer held any warmth, only the torment and cruelty of a cat playing with a mouse. It seems that it was the right thing for me to come and see for myself. He spoke softly, as if talking to himself. I never expected that a mere border lord would have such keen intuition. I should have been able to disguise it perfectly. Can you tell me how you found out? Chapter 210. Where is their lair? It's over. Oess's heart sank to the bottom. We've been discovered. In the end, we were caught up. He held Shu X Shiaun tightly behind him, his mind racing, trying to find even the slightest chance of survival. However, in the face of an absolute disparity in strength, any scheme seemed so pale and powerless. The priest looked down at the two humans below who were like lambs to the slaughter, and his smile grew even brighter. He stopped pretending. His face began to twist and deform like a melting wax figure. A dark bark-like substance emerged from under his skin and quickly covered half of his face. One of his arms, amidst the cracking and popping of bones, transformed into a grotesque black vine covered in barbs. That nauseating evil aura belonging to a highle shadow monster erupted without reservation. Fine, I don't want to waste any more words. Let's just kill you all first. The shadowy creature's voice became sharp and piercing the moment the words fell. call out. The arm that had mutated into a vine stretched out instantly like a black lightning bolt, shooting towards the US and shued Shiaun below with a shrill whistling sound that tore through the air. Those menacing barbs gleamed with a deadly cold light under the moonlight. Also pupils contracted sharply. Instinctively, he held Shu Xiaoy tightly in his arms, closed his eyes, and prepared to face death. However, the expected excruciating pain did not come. A sharp sound, like a blade slicing into flesh, rang out clearly in the quiet alley. Immediately following was a streak of extremely fast pitch black light and shadow, almost too fast for the naked eye to catch that flashed by in an instant. OS felt a gust of wind sweep past him. He opened his eyes slowly, puzzled. The scene before him left him completely stunned. That unstoppable jet black vine suddenly snapped in two. The cut is as smooth as a mirror. Black blood gushed out like a fountain. A tall, slender figure had silently appeared between them and the monster without them even noticing before Os and Shu Xiain could even see what the newcomer looked like. The figure moved again. A fleeting moment. The figure vanished from the spot in an instant. The next moment, he appeared behind the morphing monster on the top of the wall. The arrogant, shadowy creature suddenly stiffened. Its face was still frozen with that cruel and bewildered expression. Immediately afterwards, asterisk puffed puffed asterisk countless fine lines of blood instantly appeared on its body. Then its enormous body, like a shattered piece of porcelain, broke into countless pieces and fell from the top of the wall with a crash. Sold out instantly. Another instant kill. Only then did the figure slowly sheath the Hegny sword in his hand. He turned around, revealing that familiar, calm face. Her short blue hair swayed gently in the night breeze. Mr. Lawn Wu Shu Xiaun looked at the figure in front of her and cried out in surprise. Tears welled up in her eyes and she could no longer hold them back. In the quiet alley, only Shu Xia sobs of joy and AoC's heavy breathing could be heard. Lanu glanced at the pile of mangled flesh on the ground, which was no longer recognizable as human, and his brows furrowed almost imperceptibly. It's that kind of grotesque creature again. It seems that the situation in Sunset Kingdom is worse than he imagined. He turned his head and looked at OS, who was still in shock and lingering after surviving the ordeal. What happened? His voice was as flat as ever, devoid of any emotion. It took OS a while to recover from the extreme shock. He looked at Lanu, his eyes filled with complex emotions. There was gratitude, awe, and a touch of relief. I'm so glad I made the right choice back then. He took a deep breath, forced himself to calm down, and then told Lanneu everything he had learned about the situation and the thrilling scene that had just happened. From residents going missing to the discovery of a human trafficking organization. From his use of intuition to see through the priest's disguise to his escape with his men without serious incident. Then, in order to keep his promise, he resolutely returned to save Shu Xiaun. Finally, he was exposed by the monster and nearly lost his life. He described the entire process in great detail without hiding anything. After listening to Al's account, Lanu fell into a brief silence. He gave the fifth prince of Sunset Kingdom a deep look. This guy, I knew I hadn't misjudged him back then. He seems to be an incompetent good for nothing who spends his days doing nothing. But in reality, he possesses an intuition far beyond that of ordinary people and the ability to remain calm and decisive even in life or death situations. If this guy had made one wrong move throughout the entire incident, he would probably be a cold corpse by now. They were able to see through the monster's disguise and escape successfully in such an extremely dangerous situation. This can no longer be explained simply by good luck. What's even more remarkable is that knowing his life was in danger, he was still willing to come back to save Shu Xiaun for the sake of a verbal promise. Putting everything else aside, at least this guy is pragmatic and keeps his word. He's someone you can get along with. Since that's the case, Lanu had already made up his mind. He wasn't a pushover, but he always believed in the principle of repaying kindness and paying back debts. Aus kept his promise and saved Shu Xians life, which could be considered a favor to him. Then I wouldn't mind helping him out again. Where is the layer of those shadowy creatures? Wanu asked, "Oh, OSS was taken aback by this and subconsciously replied, it's it's in that abandoned warehouse area in the west of the city." After he finished speaking, he realized what he had said and a look of astonishment appeared on his face. Mr. Lon, you you wouldn't be thinking of. His voice was stammering. A faint smile appeared on Lanus lips. Although the smile was faint, it made OS feel that it was a hundred times more terrifying than the smile of the previous grotesque figure. You kept your promise and took care of Shu Xian for me. Then I'll take care of these little troubles in your territory for you. This deal is fair and we're even. Are we even now? As Aus listened to Lanu's nonchalant tone, he felt that his worldview was about to be overturned. That's those were a group of highlevel shape mimicking monsters whose numbers were unknown and whose strength was unfathomable. In his view, it was a den of dragons and tigers, a huge crisis that could overturn the entire town of Rock. But in this big shot's mouth, it actually became a minor trouble and solve it casually. OS opened his mouth, wanting to say a few more words of persuasion. After all, based on his intuition, there were definitely a lot of monsters in that warehouse, and their strength was probably much greater than the one that had just been instantly killed. Although Mr. Lan Yu is very powerful. Isn't it too risky for him to go in alone? Your highness, I believe in Mr. Lan Yu. However, before he could speak, Shu Xiaoyun, who was standing to the side, said in an extremely firm tone. Her face was still stre with tears, but her clear eyes were filled with blind trust and adoration for Lan Yu. In her view, there was nothing in this world that Lan Yu couldn't solve. Looking at Shu Xiauns appearance and then at Lan Yus calm expression that said, "I'm just going for a walk." Aus ultimately swallowed back the words that were on the tip of his tongue. "Never mind. Let stronger monsters deal with the monsters. As a mere mortal, it's best to just stay on the sidelines and watch. Stop talking nonsense." Lanu urged impatiently, "Lead the way." Chapter 2, 11. 5-minute battle. Not long after, the three of them arrived at the abandoned warehouse district in the west of the city. The place was deathly silent, and the air was filled with a strange smell of decay and blood. OS pointed to the largest warehouse, his voice trembling slightly. Mr. Lawn, it's it's right there. According to my intelligence, that human trafficking organization is keeping all the kidnapped people here. Um, Lana nodded. He turned to Aus and shued Xiao Yun and said, "You two stay here and don't go anywhere." After saying that, he walked straight toward the warehouse that lay like a giant beast in the darkness. That figure didn't look like it was going to venture into a dangerous place. It looked more like it was taking a stroll in its own backyard. A US and Shu Xiaun watched nervously as Lon Yu's figure disappeared behind the dark door of the warehouse. Almost the instant Lanu stepped into the warehouse. Boom! A deafening roar suddenly came from inside the warehouse. Then came a variety of shrill, inhuman roars, and the sounds of fierce fighting. Boom! Another loud bang. The sturdy warehouse had a large chunk of one corner that looked as if it had been shaved off by something sharp. Countless bricks and steel bars fell from the sky like a torrential rain, smashing large craters into the ground. A terrifying energy shock wave spread wildly outward from that gap. Even though they were hundreds of meters apart, Aus and Shu Xiain could still feel that terrifying world destroying power. A US swallowed hard and held Shu Xiain tightly behind him. His face was filled with horror. Is this Mr. Lu's true strength? The aftershocks of the battle alone were so terrifying. Cataclysmic scene must have unfolded at the heart of that battle. However, the sounds of this fierce fighting came and went quickly. It lasted for less than 5 minutes. The entire warehouse area fell into a deathly silence once again. Quiet. A deathly silence. OS's heart jumped into his throat. What happened? Why has everything gone quiet so quickly? 5 minutes. This doesn't seem right. Could it be a terrible thought uncontrollably popped into his mind? Could it be that Mr. Lu made a mistake? They were killed by the monsters inside. The more he thought about it, the heavier his heart became. After all, there were more than 20 powerful shadow monsters inside. Just as OSS was feeling uneasy, and his mind was racing, a figure slowly emerged from the huge gap that had been forcibly cut out. The figure was completely covered in a thick black petroleum-like liquid, making its appearance impossible to discern. Step by step, they walked towards them. A US and Shu Xians hearts jumped into their throats instantly until that figure walked up to them. He raised his hand and casually wiped the black liquid from his face, revealing that familiar, indifferent face, "It was Lu." He looked at the two dumbfounded people and said calmly, "Nailed it. Nailed it." These two simple words struck OS's heart like two heavy hammer blows. His mind was blank. He had almost lost the ability to think. He stared blankly at the blue-haired youth in front of him, whose body was covered in the black blood of the shadow monster, yet whose breathing was perfectly steady, feeling as if he were dreaming. 5 minutes. From the time he went in to the time he came out, it only took about 5 minutes. That's it. Just like that, they wiped out a nest inhabited by more than 20 highle mimicry monsters. Are you kidding me? OS swallowed hard, his voice dry as he asked, "Mr. Lawn, have all the monsters inside been dealt with?" Um, Lanu nodded as if he had only done a trivial thing. There were 23 in total, and not one of them escaped. He paused, then added, "There are some sacrifices who were imprisoned but didn't die. You can deal with them yourselves." 23. When Lan Yu uttered this exact number, Aus felt his heart skip a beat. He had only guessed, based on his intuition, that there were quite a few monsters inside. I never imagined there really were so many. Moreover, judging from Lan Yus tone, these 23 mimickry shadow monsters did not seem to cause him any trouble. What? What kind of monster is this? The look in Os's eyes as he looked at Lan Yu had changed from initial awe to utter fear. He is now extremely grateful that he didn't act rashly and choose to become enemies with this big shot when it came to Liani. Otherwise, I probably wouldn't even be able to find my ashes now. To oppose such an unreasonable entity is simply asking for trouble. Lord Lan Yu, are you are you all right? Shu Xiaun, who was standing to the side, finally came back to her senses from the shock. She looked at the shocking black blood on Lan Yus body, her face filled with worry. It's all right. It's all their blood. Lu waved his hand casually. In fact, those shadowy figures couldn't even touch the hem of his clothes. After activating Mind's Eye, every move and weakness of these monsters became crystal clear in his eyes. combined with the extreme speed of flash of shadows and the sharpness of Hegmy's sword. Solving these problems was indeed as easy for him as chopping melons and vegetables. All right, now that things here are resolved, I should be going. Lanu glanced at the sky and decided not to delay any longer. Although he destroyed the sacrificial site in Rocktown, according to the map left by the priest, there are several similar locations within the kingdom of Sunset. This includes the royal capital, the eternal city. He must get to the capital as soon as possible, find the king, and obtain the key to the other teleportation array. As for this so-called large-scale sacrificial ceremony, if we can stop it, then we should. If he can't stop it, then it's none of his business. He's an outsider, and he doesn't have the saintly heart to save a foreign country. Mr. Lawn, are you leaving already? Upon hearing this, OS quickly tried to persuade him to stay. You, you've done our pansure town such a great favor. At least let me do my part as a host and give you a welcome dinner. He genuinely wanted to curry favor with this powerful figure. No need. I have other important matters to attend to. Lanu refused outright. He looked at OS thought for a moment and then offered a reminder. Although this town is safe for now, the mastermind behind this conspiracy is still here. Be careful. After saying that, he ignored the two of them, turned around, and with a few flashes, his figure completely disappeared into the night. Only Aus and Shu X Shiaan were left, standing there dumbfounded. After a long while, OS finally let out a long breath. He glanced at the warehouse beside him, whose corner had been forcibly cut off, then looked in the direction where Lu had disappeared, and a complicated, bitter smile appeared on his face. A monster. Truly a monster. Although the crisis in Rocktown has been temporarily averted, but just in case to avoid any slip-ups, Lu still made a note before leaving. Let OS take Shu Xiain to the Lord's mansion first and find a safe place to hide. After all, no one can say for sure whether the mastermind behind the sacrificial ritual will send an even stronger monster to retaliate. OS readily agreed. Being able to connect with Mr. Lan Yu, even if it's just taking care of someone he cares about, is an invaluable talisman for him. After settling Shu Xiaunin, Lu didn't linger any longer and immediately set off, heading at full speed towards the capital of Sunset Kingdom, the Eternal City. Chapter 212. What's the situation? 3 days later, the Sunset Kingdom, the Eternal City, is already in sight. However, when Lanu stood on a high mountain gazing at the legendary magnificent city, the scene before him made him frown deeply. The situation seemed to be somewhat unexpected. Outside the majestic city walls, what should have been a bustling suburb was now densely packed with various wartime tents. Countless armored soldiers were moving back and forth in the camp, creating a solemn and tense atmosphere. Beneath the walls of the capital, the earth was littered with traces of battle. The scorched earth, the broken weapons, and countless corpses of humans and shadow monsters that hadn't been cleared away in time. The air was filled with a thick, nauseating smell of blood. This place clearly witnessed a fierce battle not long ago. The eternal city is surrounded. Or is it that the army inside is besieging something outside the city? Lu was filled with confusion. What exactly happened? Just as he was pondering this, who goes there? Stand right there and don't move. A sharp shout suddenly came from behind him. Lanu turned his head and saw a patrol of royal knights who had surrounded him. Their long swords pointed directly at him and each of them had an unfriendly expression. However, just as the atmosphere was becoming increasingly tense in the group, a knight who looked like a squad leader suddenly paused after seeing Lanus appearance. The weariness on his face instantly turned into surprise, "Wait, put down your swords." He quickly stopped his men. He stroed up to Lan Yu, scrutinized him for a moment, and then asked somewhat uncertainly, "You You are the priest of the Sunset cult who participated in the barrier investigation team before." Upon hearing this, Lanu recognized the other person. This guy was indeed a knight from the kingdom who was part of that joint investigation team back then. It turns out that this knight was a member of the joint investigation team from back then. His impression of Lanu was extremely deep. After all, the scene where Lanu casually killed a large group of swift wind wolves on the road was truly shocking. That kind of effortless skill is hard to forget. Since they are acquaintances, the misunderstanding is naturally resolved. Lana nodded in confirmation. The night squad leader immediately breathed a sigh of relief and a warm smile appeared on his face. It's you, high priest. What brings you here? We thought that you, like the other members of the investigation team, had tragically perished in that disaster. His tone carried a hint of lingering fear and relief. It seems that apart from himself and the surviving priest, everyone else in the operation orchestrated by the shadow monster is likely dead. Wu didn't explain much, just gave a few prefuncter words. Subsequently, led by the night squad leader, he successfully entered the army camp outside the city. The atmosphere in the camp was oppressive. Everywhere you look, you see soldiers covered in wounds receiving treatment. Besides the kingdom soldiers, there were also many priests dressed in the robes of the sunset cult who were busy among them. Just then, a familiar figure saw Lan Yu. His face lit up with ecstatic joy, and he came running over excitedly. "Mr. Lu, you, you're still alive. That's wonderful." The man who arrived was none other than the speculative businessman, "Cheid, you're not dead yet." Lan Yu looked at Cha Chiong, who was beaming with surprise and replied calmly, "This guy is really lucky to be alive. He he I'm lucky to be alive." Lanu cut to the chase and asked, "What exactly is going on here? How did the capital get surrounded? Upon hearing this question, Chidongs smile instantly vanished. He sighed, his fat face trembling and said in a heavy tone, "Mr. Lawn, you are unaware of the following." "The capital has fallen. Fall." Lon Yus brows furrowed even deeper. "That's right." Chidong lowered his voice, his face filled with fear. Shortly after you and the investigation team set off, a major incident occurred in the capital. Among our Sunset Cult and some of the kingdom's high-ranking ministers, many have already been secretly replaced by those terrifying shape-shifting monsters. Those monsters, which have been lurking for years, suddenly launched their attack just a few days ago. They opened a massive rift in the shadow realm in the central square of the capital. Chiongs voice was trembling. A constant stream of shadow monsters poured out from that rift, and the entire capital city was transformed into a living hell overnight. I I sensed something was wrong beforehand, which is why I managed to escape with the lord before those monsters completely sealed the city gates with the capital's defensive barrier. Lanus heart sank suddenly. Has the capital been taken over by the shadow monsters? This is not good news. He immediately pressed on with the question, "What about the king? Did he escape too?" Upon hearing this, Chiong frowned and shook his head. Have no idea it happened so suddenly. The palace was immediately surrounded by a large number of shadow monsters, and we couldn't break in at all. His majesty, the king, is most likely still trapped inside the city. His fate unknown. This is troublesome. This is really a big problem. Lanu's expression instantly turns somewhat unpleasant. The last key to leaving this hellish place is still in the hands of that king. The king is now trapped in a capital city which is teeming with shadow monsters and no one knows whether he is dead or alive. Where am I supposed to find him? Does this mean I have to go alone into that city overrun by shadow monsters and rumage through the palace looking for a key? This is like finding a needle in a hay stack. Thinking about this, Manu felt somewhat irritated, but he quickly composed himself. If there's a problem, just solve it. Isn't this how I got here? Just then. Your Excellency Minister. Your Excellency, Minister, not far away, the sound of respectful bowing could be heard. A middle-aged man dressed in luxurious clothes and with a dignified face was walking towards them, surrounded by a group of knights. Wherever he went, all the soldiers bowed their heads in salute. Lu recognized him. He was one of the leaders of that joint investigation team, a high-ranking minister in the capital. Behind the minister was a figure that Lan Yu found somewhat unexpected yet also quite reasonable. Kyle, the handsome young man with blonde hair, hailed as the hero of the Sunset Kingdom. He remained as gentle and confident as ever, with a compassionate and kind smile on his face, closely following behind the minister. Lu frowned slightly. I don't know why. From their first meeting, Lanu had a strange feeling about this so-called hero. That guy's smile was so fake. This made Lan Yu very uncomfortable. That's why he ignored the other person when they shook hands with him last time they met. The minister strode up to Chi-Chi, a hint of anxiety on his face, and asked, "Chidong, how is the leader doing?" Chapter 213 conservatively only revealed 70% of the facts. Chiongs face instantly turned extremely gloomy. He shook his head and said in a sorrowful voice, "Your Excellency, the situation is very bad. Our leader, she hasn't woken up yet. When I was leading the cult leader out of the capital, we were attacked by shadow monsters on the way. our leader. She is seriously injured and is still unconscious. Upon hearing this news, the minister's face grew even more grim. He sighed deeply, his face filled with sorrow. This is troublesome. Lan Yu, who was listening nearby, asked Chiong in a low voice. What's wrong? Cha Chidong glanced at the worried minister, lowered his voice, and explained to Lan Yu. Upon hearing this, Chiong explained with a rice smile. Although the sect leader has no combat ability person in this sunset kingdom who can communicate with the sunset god. The defensive barrier of the capital was set up by our first leader of the sunset cult many years ago with the help of the gods. There are only two ways to freely open and close this barrier. One type is the heart of the setting sun which is in his majesty the king's hands and symbolizes supreme authority. The other way is for the cult leader to personally communicate with the gods to close the barrier. Now, the defensive barrier of the capital has been forcibly activated by the monsters in the city. Our men simply can't break through. Originally, we were hoping that once the sect leader woke up, she could close the barrier. But now, Chiong didn't say anything more, but his meaning was already crystal clear. After listening, Wanu understood the seriousness of the matter. Without the key, they can't open the barrier and therefore can't storm the city. If they can't breach the city, they won't find the king. Without finding the king, he cannot obtain the final key to leave this place. Damn. Pass on my orders. Just then, the kingdom's minister, as if he had made up his mind, suddenly raised his head, a resolute glint in his eyes. All troops, take immediate rest. Prepare for the fourth general offensive first thing tomorrow morning. His voice echoed throughout the entire camp. But your excellency, a knight stepped forward, his face filled with worry. With that defensive barrier in place, it will be very difficult for us to break through with our current forces. We've tried three times already, and each time we've suffered heavy losses, yet we haven't even been able to touch the city wall. How about we wait a little longer? Perhaps the sect leader will wake up soon. Wait. The minister turned sharply, glared at the knight, and roared. His majesty the king is still in the city. His fate unknown. Every minute we wait. His majesty becomes more dangerous. As subjects of the kingdom, we cannot delay any longer. His words silenced everyone. Yes, a country cannot be without a ruler for a single day. Just as the atmosphere in the camp fell into a heavy mood, a calm voice suddenly rang out. If it's just about breaking through that barrier, do you really think you can take this city? Everyone looked in the direction of the sound, who had been standing silently to the side, slowly spoke. When Lan Yus calm voice rang out in the oppressive camp, everyone's eyes instantly focused on him. The kingdom's minister paused for a moment, scrutinizing Lan Yu as if trying to recall something. A moment later, he recognized a mysterious priest who had displayed astonishing power within the investigation team. It's you. A hint of surprise flashed in the minister's eyes. He didn't answer Lan Yus question immediately, but instead asked in return, "You can break through the defensive barrier of the royal capital." His tone carried an obvious hint of doubt. After all, the defensive barrier of the capital was said to have been personally blessed by the god of sunset. Its sturdiness far surpasses that of ordinary defensive fortifications. They had previously used all the large siege equipment in the army and even gathered dozens of highlevel shadow masters to launch an attack together. As a result, they couldn't even leave a ripple on that barrier. And now, this seemingly young priest is claiming that he can break the barrier. This sounds like a complete fantasy. Without the barrier, breaking through would naturally not be a problem. The minister answered in a deep voice, which was considered a response to Lu's first question. Although there are many shadow monsters in the city, their high-end combat strength should not be too strong. What truly left them helpless was that tortoise shell-like defensive barrier. Once they can break through the barrier with their tens of thousands of elite troops gathered outside the city and the powerful warriors led by the hero Kyle, it's only a matter of time before they take over the capital. All right then, Wanu nodded then in a casual tone as if saying, "The weather's nice today," he said. "Then I'll help you break that barrier." These words shocked everyone present. The knights and soldiers around him looked at Lan Yu as if he were a mad man. Hey, what nonsense are you spouting? One of the hot-tempered knights couldn't hold back any longer and pointed at Lanu, shouting at him. Do you know what level of barrier that is? It's a divine barrier that even the hero Kyle can't shake for the time being. You stop spouting nonsense and discouraging the troops. Exactly. We're risking our lives here and you come here to make jokes like this. Is that really necessary? Your excellency, don't listen to his nonsense. I think this guy has probably lost his mind. Immediately a cacophony of doubts and ridicule arose. In their view, Lanu's words were an insult to all their previous efforts and sacrifices. However, just as the knight was about to say something more, "Shut up!" the minister suddenly shouted, silencing the crowd's commotion. He simply stared intently at Lanu with an extremely serious and scrutinizing gaze. He participated in the investigation of the barrier in the third region and witnessed Lanu's unfathomable strength firsthand. Furthermore, it was later learned from the reports of the surviving priests that the seemingly ordinary blue-haired youth in front of me once killed a genuine highlevel seven-star mimicry monster with just one move. This man cannot be judged by common sense. Since he dared to say that, perhaps there really is some way. A crazy idea began to grow uncontrollably in the minister's mind. Now we've reached a dead end. He had to seize every possible opportunity. You You've seen that barrier? The minister's voice became somewhat. Wu nodded. On his way here, he had already used his mind's eye to observe the energy shield that covered the entire capital from afar. The energy structure of that barrier was indeed complex and powerful. Its defensive strength is roughly comparable to the full force defense of a peak sevenstar shadowmaster. Given his current strength, defeating a peak sevenstar expert headon might still be somewhat difficult. However, simply breaking through his defenses shouldn't be a problem. How confident are you? The minister asked again, his heart involuntarily rising to his throat. Everyone around held their breath, waiting for Lan Yus answer. Lanu pondered for a moment. To be honest, he was more than 90% sure, but he was afraid that if he exaggerated too much, the group wouldn't believe him and would think he was bragging. So, he said rather conservatively, about 70%. Actually, what he meant was 90%. But he was afraid that if he exaggerated too much, the group of people wouldn't believe him and would think he was just bragging. Therefore, he conservatively only said 70%. Chapter 214. Siege 70%. Upon hearing this number, the minister's pupils constricted sharply. In such a desperate situation, a 70% chance of success is already frighteningly high. This is no longer gambling. This is the dawn of victory. The minister's breathing became somewhat rapid. He looked at Lan Yu's calm, expressionless face, trying to discern even the slightest trace of a lie. However, no, that face showed only pure indifference and calmness. It seemed that breaking through the royal capital's barrier was something he was only 70% confident he could do. I'm taking the gamble. The minister screamed inwardly. He took a deep breath, and the hesitation in his eyes was replaced by a resolute look. He turned around and gave the order to the messenger behind him. Pass on my order. All troops, abandon rest. Assemble immediately. Attack the city at 6:00 sharp tomorrow morning. However, he had barely finished speaking. No, not tomorrow. Lan Yus voice rang out again, directly negating his plan. The minister was taken aback and looked at him with a puzzled expression. Why? Wouldn't it be better to let the soldiers rest and recuperate first thing tomorrow morning so they can attack in the best possible condition? However, Lanu did not answer his question. Suddenly, his figure vanished from the spot without warning. Quick, extremely fast. Everyone present, including the smiling hero Kyle, who had been standing to the side, had their pupils suddenly contracted in that instant. Before anyone could react, a soft sound of a sharp blade piercing flesh suddenly rang out from the crowd. Lu's figure reappeared. He had already appeared behind the hot-tempered knight who had led the reprimands against him earlier. The Hegny sword in his hand had been drawn at some point. A dark sword light flashed and disappeared. The night froze. His expression instantly frozen in shock and confusion. The next moment, his body was neatly split in two. Blood and inrols splattered all over the ground with a splash. You, what are you doing? The surrounding knights were enraged at the sight. They all drew their long swords, ready to kill Lan Yu, this madman who dared to commit violence in public in the military camp on the spot. However, their actions came to an abrupt halt. The next second, everyone stared wideeyed at the cleaved corpse on the ground in disbelief. It was observed that no normal blood flowed from the cut surface of the corpse. Instead, countless pitch black fleshy tentacles wriggled wildly. Before everyone's eyes, the knight's body rapidly transformed into a dark and ferocious shadow monster. It's It's a shadow monster. How is that possible? When When did he infiltrate our ranks? We didn't even notice. As everyone looked at the monster's corpse, they felt a chill run from the soles of their feet to the top of their heads. Only then did Lanu slowly sheathed the Hegny sword back into its scabbard. He turned his head, looked at the minister, who still looked shaken, and said calmly, "If we wait until tomorrow, this mole will leak our entire plan." "At that time, facing a well-prepared enemy will only bring more trouble. Therefore, the best day to attack the city is today, and the sooner the better." The minister stared at the corpse on the ground, which had completely revealed its monstrous form, and his back was instantly soaked with cold sweat. He couldn't imagine what would have happened if Lan Yu hadn't intervened in time, preventing this mole from lurking in their inner circle from being exposed. What terrible consequences would result from sending out the message of the general offensive? At that time, they will face an enemy who has laid a trap and is waiting for them to tire themselves out. that so-called all-out offensive will probably turn into a complete one-sided massacre. Thinking of this, the look in his eyes when he looked at Lanu had changed from initial scrutiny and doubt to complete awe and trust. This young man not only possesses unfathomable and terrifying strength, but also has a keen insight and decisive judgment far beyond that of ordinary people. I see. The minister took a deep breath and nodded solemnly to Lanu. Then he turned around abruptly and there was no longer the slightest hesitation on his dignified face. Pass on my orders. His voice, like a resounding bell, echoed throughout the entire camp. All troops, all personnel, immediately. At this moment, enter maximum combat readiness. Target the capital. Launch a general offensive immediately. No problem. He looked at Lu and said decisively. An hour later, outside the capital city, tens of thousands of the kingdom's elite troops have already assembled. Black armor coalescing into a sea of steel. The sharp spears pointed straight to the sky, reflecting a cold, icy light under the eternal sunset. An aura of impending doom rose into the sky, and even the clouds on the horizon seemed to be stirred by this force. Every soldier wore a resolute expression. They knew that what followed was a brutal and bloody battle that would determine the fate of the entire kingdom. First, second, and third knights, hear my command. A general clad in heavy armor, mounted on a waror, raised his command sword high. This time, our mission is not to attack the city. His voice, amplified by the shadow energy, clearly reached the ears of every soldier. Our mission is to advance the battle line at all costs to within 100 meters of the city gate barrier to create conditions for the subsequent city breach operation. Did you all understand? Clear. The response was like a thunderous roar shaking heaven and earth. Although the soldiers didn't understand why the front line had to be pushed to that awkward distance, but military orders are absolute and all they have to do is carry them out. Very good. The general nodded in satisfaction, then suddenly swung down his command sword. All troops, attack, roar. With a deafening roar, the torren of steel began to slowly surge forward. The earth, trampled under the weight of tens of thousands of soldiers, let out a mournful cry of unbearable suffering. Soon, the army entered the attack range of the shadow monsters on the city wall. The battle erupted instantly. Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Countless black energy arrows composed of pure shadow energy poured down from the city walls like a torrential rain, enveloping the entire vanguard. Ray shields form defensive formation. The heavily armored soldiers in the front row roared and slammed the huge tower shields engraved with defensive runes into the ground. Buzz. The tower shields instantly lit up with a pale yellow light, connecting with each other to form an indestructible steel barrier. Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Black energy arrows like raindrops pounding on banana leaves bombarded the shield wall relentlessly producing a series of muffled teeth grinding thuds. The shock wave of energy kicked up layers of dust from the ground. Stay calm. Everyone stay calm. Shouting loudly to bolster morale. Archers returned fire. The archers behind immediately drew their bows and knocked their arrows. shimmering with shadow-piercing energy and accompanied by sharp whistling sounds pierced the sky and rained down on the shadow monsters on the city wall. Chapter 215. The person is here. Arrows rained down like rain and shouts of battle shook the heavens. The entire battlefield instantly transformed into a giant meat grinder. And behind the main army, Lu has also begun his preparations. He stood on a makeshift platform, his eyes slightly closed, his expression focused. All around him, ministers, the hero Kyle, and a group of high-ranking generals watched him nervously. This time, Lanu does not intend to use sixth sense skill, Dragon's Roar. Although the power of Dragon's roar is undeniable, it is the killing move he usually uses in battle. But this time, the situation is different. He has ample time to prepare for his attack if there is enough time to build up strength. His other shadow technique, Dark Moon Dragon Blade, will be more powerful than Dragon Roar. This seemingly ordinary skill, which simply condenses shadow energy into a slash, has a very special attribute. That is, the more shadow energy is injected, the more its power will increase exponentially and wildly. There is no upper limit. In normal combat, things change in an instant, and he simply doesn't have enough time to build up his power for this move over a long period of time. But today, the situation is different. Tens of thousands of troops were ahead of him, buying him time. He finally had the chance to test the ultimate power of this move and see just how terrifying it could be. Buzz. Lanu slowly held the Hegny sword horizontally in front of him. The shadow energy within his body began to surge wildly towards the long sword in his hand like a flood bursting its banks. Pitch black, highly condensed shadow energy began to appear around him and then like rivers flowing into the sea continuously poured into the jet black long sword. At first, the people around didn't think anything of it. However, as time went on, the expressions on their faces slowly began to change. A minute passed. The shadow energy emanating from Lanu continued to flow continuously, showing no signs of running out. 5 minutes passed. The aura surrounding him was so dense that it resembled ink that could not be dissolved. The Hegny sword was now enveloped in pure darkness, seemingly swallowing up even the surrounding light. A chilling destructive aura began to emanate from the sword. Everyone present, whether a seasoned general or the powerful hero Kyle. They all felt as if their hearts were being gripped by an invisible hand, making it difficult to even breathe. They are all discerning people. They could clearly sense the terrifying power gathering on that sword. Just how vast is this guy's aura? It's like a bottomless pit. The same unbelievable thought popped into everyone's mind. 10 more minutes passed. The aura surrounding Lanu showed no signs of abating. The Hegnney sword in his hand was completely unrecognizable from its original form. It transformed into a pure, constantly writhing mass of darkness, as if it possessed life. That destructive aura had risen to a peak that made everyone present tremble. Even the kingdom's minister was deathly pale at this moment, his forehead covered in cold sweat. He had no doubt that if this power were to erupt at this moment, the entire camp along with their group will be completely wiped off the face of the earth in an instant. Just then, a messenger covered in blood rushed back from the front lines, having risked his life. He knelt on one knee and with his last ounce of strength roared horarssely, "Report! The vanguard has has advanced the battle line to within 100 m of the barrier." Upon hearing this, the minister turned around abruptly, about to ask Lan Yu if more time was needed to prepare. But they found that the platform was already empty. Lu's figure had already disappeared. The capital city had been transformed into a hellish landscape. The deafening shouts of battle, the clanging of clashing weapons, the shrill roars of the shadow monsters before their death, and the agonizing cries of human soldiers falling to the ground after being shot. All intertwined to create a tragic and heroic symphony of war. Hold on. Hold on for me. A knight commander brandished his long sword, cleaving a three-headed hell hound that lunged at him in half. Hot black blood splattered all over his face, but he paid no heed. Instead, he roared at the soldiers behind him in a horse voice. Behind us lies the camp. Behind us are our compatriots. We cannot retreat a single step. The soldiers physical strength had been exhausted to the limit. Their armor was already soaked with blood and sweat, making it incredibly heavy. The weapon in his hand was also dulled from countless slashes, but their eyes remained resolute. They knew they were the kingdom's last line of defense. If they fall, their families, friends, and fellow countrymen will all become food for the shadow monsters. For the kingdom, a young soldier, his eyes gleaming with determination, roared, and clutching the leg of a massive stitched monstrous creature, detonated the shadow bomb at his waist. Boom! The violent explosion blasted the stitched together monster to shreds, its massive body crashing to the ground. The young soldier had long since vanished without a trace. Such scenes were constantly playing out in every corner of the battlefield. Human soldiers with their own flesh and blood stubbornly built an insurmountable defensive line against the shadow monsters relentless onslaught. They moved forward step by step with difficulty to the defensive barrier that emitted an ominous light which was a 100 meters away. Hold on everyone, hold on. A knight covered in blood, wielding his long sword with its already chipped edge, fiercely cut down a shadow monster that pounced on him and roared horarssely at the soldiers behind him. The general's order is to advance to 100 m. We're only 20 m away. Even if we die, we must die on the road to victory. His words inspired the soldiers around him. Everyone's eyes were bloodshot. They forgot their fear and death. And like madmen, they brandished their weapons and engaged in the most primitive and bloody battle with the enemy in front of them. Finally, after suffering a heavy loss, losing nearly half of their troops. The battle line was painstakingly advanced to a point less than a 100 meters from the city gate barrier that emitted a faint glow. A knight, his body riddled with bone spurs and nearing the end of his life, used his last ounce of strength to fiercely plant his battle flag into the ground. A surviving soldier leaned against his comrad's body, panting heavily, his eyes filled with confusion and despair. Didn't you say? Didn't you say that other people would come to help? Our people are almost all dead. Where is that person? Where is he? His voice was filled with a desperate questioning. They have followed orders and with the lives of countless comrades pushed the front line to this position. But what about the promised follow-up support? At this moment, they were in the rear. A young indifferent voice suddenly rang out behind him. The person is here. Chapter 216 new authority and power. The soldier was startled and turned around with difficulty. Suddenly, a blue-haired youth appeared behind him. Behind him, 10 wings made of the purest light slowly unfolded, radiating a sacred and gentle glow. Wings of the holy dragon. Setting the advanced distance to 100 m was a requirement put forward by Lan Yu. According to his calculations, 100 m is the maximum range at which the dark moon dragon blade can exert its maximum power. Before him stretched an endless, dark army of shadow monsters. Behind him were human soldiers, battered and on the verge of collapse. He alone with only a sword. And so it stood between despair and hope. He slowly raised the darkness in his hand. The army of shadow monsters surging towards him like a tidal wave. He gently swung down. There was no earthshattering noise. It also lacked any earthshattering power. There was only one, a jet black crescent moon. A massive jet black crescent moon, a kilometer wide and large enough to blot out the sun. Dark moon dragon blade. The dark crescent moon swept forward silently at a speed that seemed slow but was actually extremely fast. Time seemed to have been paused at that moment. Everything lost its sound and its color. Whether they are those hideous, menacing shadow monsters, they were still those human soldiers fighting bloody battles, their faces filled with despair, or perhaps in the distant camp, the ministers and generals watching the battle with baited breath. All that remained in everyone's eyes was that dark crescent moon that stretched across the sky. The next moment, time resumed its flow. The faint, almost negligible sounds blended together. All that could be seen was the dark crescent moon passing by. Everything was split in two. Whether it's those low-level cannon fodder shadow monsters or those large highle shadow monsters with amazing defense. This slash they were all as fragile as paper. Their bodies were neatly cut in half. The upper body and the lower body were separated cleanly and decisively. Black blood shot into the sky, creating a strange rain of blood in midair. The dark crescent moon, even after clearing away all the shadow monsters on the ground ahead, still possessed unddeinished power. It crashed violently into that indestructible divine barrier that covered the entire capital. Buzz. The defensive barrier trembled violently. Then, like a red hot iron, it cuts into tofu that's been melted in butter. Silently, the dark crescent moon tore open a huge gash a kilometer long. However, this is not the end. Tearing through the defensive barrier, the lingering power of that dark crescent moon remained terrifying. It struck heavily against the majestic, supposedly invincible city wall of the capital. Boom! This time, a deafening roar finally erupted. That kilometer long city wall forged from hard rock and special metal along with the dumbfounded shadow monsters on its walls were all there. It collapsed with a crash after being struck. At that moment, the whole world seemed to fall silent. Whether it was the surviving soldiers beneath the city walls, still on the high ground at the rear, the ministers and knights were watching the battle. Everyone who witnessed this scene stood frozen in place. Mouth agape completely incapacitated. They stared blankly at the city wall that had been forcibly cleaved open. Then at the blue-haired youth who was suspended in midair like a god, their minds completely blank. Much later. Then someone in a trembling dreamlike voice murmured to themselves. This this is this even human? The ministers were the first to react. He stared at the massive gaping hole leading to the capital, his expression shifting from utter shock to ecstatic joy. With all his might, he roared at the soldiers who were still standing there in a days. What are you all standing there for? The barrier has been broken. All troops, charge. Break through. His roar, like a thunderclap, instantly jolted everyone awake. The next second, oh, kill them all. The soldiers who survived the ordeal erupted in an unprecedented, earthshaking cheer. The flame of hope was rekindled on their faces. Their morale reached its peak at that moment. All the soldiers, as if injected with chicken blood, roared and launched a final all-out attack on the huge gap. Watching the soldiers surge into the city like a tide, Lanu slowly retracted the holy dragon wings and landed on the ground. Mr. Lanu, the ministers, and Cha Chiong among others hurried over from behind, their faces filled with barely concealed excitement and awe. Are you Are you all right? The minister looked at Lan Yu and asked cautiously, his tone full of concern. He now truly sees Lan Yu as a savior. "Fine," Lanu waved his hand and said calmly. "It's just that the exertion was a bit much, and I need to recuperate for a while. You guys go in first. I'll be there shortly." Upon hearing this, the minister dared not raise any objection and quickly nodded. "Okay, okay, you rest first. Well go into the city and wipe out the remaining shadow monsters." After saying this, he led a group of knights and the following troops and marched into the capital in a grand procession. Lanu watched their departing figures, then casually found a secluded and deserted corner and sat down cross-legged. He certainly didn't actually need any breathing exercises. With his current recovery speed, he can recover from that little bit of exertion in just a few minutes. The reason he stayed was it's because just now that attack killed thousands of shadow monsters. His rank progress has increased significantly and he has now reached five-star shadow master 95%. If he kills a few more shadow monsters, he will be able to break through to the six-star shadow master level. At the same time, the progress bar in his mind belonging to all things begin in chaos finally filled up again. This means that he can extract new abilities again. He naturally wanted to use this opportunity first before making other plans. A thought crossed my mind. Lon Yus consciousness seemed to be instantly pulled into a boundless chaotic ocean filled with churning gray mist. That familiar feeling came over me again. Soon, in front of him, in that gray, chaotic ocean, a group of strange little fish, their bodies radiating a soft golden light, appeared once again. Without the slightest hesitation, Lanu instinctively reached out and grabbed the one closest to him. A gentle squeeze got him. The next second, the little golden fish transformed into a pure golden stream of light and merged into his palm. A whole new wave of information flooded into his mind. Congratulations, you have acquired the new divine authority ability, shadow corridor. Source of ability, god of labyrinth and illusions. Effect creates a separate pitch black domain. Within this domain, all enemies senses will be thrown into extreme confusion. They will be unable to discern directions. hear sounds or even see their surroundings as if trapped in an endless everchanging pitch black corridor. Note, this ability is also effective against the enemy's six senses. Corridor of Shadows. Lanu looked at the description of this new ability, and a satisfied expression appeared on his face. It appears to be a purely auxiliary skill used to trap enemies and disrupt their perception. But the phrase also effective for the six senses instantly elevated the value of this skill by several levels. It's important to understand that battles between highle shadow masters are to a large extent a contest between their six senses. A skill that can disrupt the opponent's six senses can play an unexpected and game-changing role at crucial moments. I just don't know the specific effects. However, Lu had a premonition. He will soon have the opportunity to personally test the power of this move. He stood up, dusted himself off, and his internal energy had mostly recovered. He didn't linger, unfurled the wings of the holy dragon, and flew towards the royal capital. Chapter 217. Agreeing to help, Lan Yu unfurled the wings of the holy dragon, his figure transforming into a streak of light as he flew toward the massive gaping hole he had personally torn open. The closer they got to the capital, the more pungent the stench of blood and the distinctive stench of the shadow monsters became. At the massive breach in the city wall, the battle had reached its climax. Kingdom soldiers surged into the city like a tidal wave, clashing with the shadow monster army that had rushed to the scene to try and plug the breach. Shouts of battle, roars, and the clanging of clashing weapons rose and fell deafeningly loud. Severed limbs and remains are everywhere. The black blood of the shadowy creatures mingled with the bright red blood of humans, staining the earth a strange dark red. Lan Yu ignored the fighting among these low-level shadow monsters. His goal was clear, the royal palace. He needs to find the king as soon as possible and get the last key to leave this hellish place. His figure drew a graceful arc in midair, directly crossing the chaotic battlefield and flying towards the magnificent royal palace in the very center of the capital. The fighting around the royal palace was equally fierce. Countless elite kingdom knights are engaged in a fierce battle with the shadow guards protecting the palace. These shadow monsters are clearly several levels stronger than the cannon fodder near the city walls. They are not only larger in size, but also covered in black armor and wield standardized weapons. And they know how to coordinate and form battle formations. Although the kingdom's knights were fearless, they were repeatedly defeated and suffered heavy casualties under the fierce counterattack of these elite shadow monsters. Lan Yus arrival did not attract much attention. Everyone's attention was focused on this bloody battle that would determine the fate of the kingdom. He landed slowly in the square in front of the palace. The battle here seems to have just ended. The ground was littered with the corpses of shadow monsters and human knights. Not far away, the kingdom's minister was directing his men to clear the battlefield and treat the wounded. Beside him stood Kyle, a handsome young man with blonde hair, hailed as the hero of Sunset Kingdom. His magnificent armor was stained with a lot of black blood, but the long sword in his hands still gleamed with a holy light. He was smiling, using a gentle strength to heal the wounds of an injured knight. His compassionate appearance drew admiring glances from the surrounding soldiers. "Mr. Lu," the minister was the first to notice Lanus arrival. His tired face immediately lit up with excitement and awe as he quickly stepped forward to greet him. "You've recovered." His tone was full of cautious concern. The brilliance of Lonu's sword strike had completely shattered the last trace of arrogance in his heart. In his eyes, the young man before him was no longer someone who could be won over or used, but a god-like powerhouse who could truly determine the fate of the kingdom. Wanu nodded lightly. He glanced at the corpses scattered on the ground, then at Kyle, the hero playing the savior not far away, and asked bluntly, "Where's the king?" He got straight to the point and asked. Upon hearing this question, the minister's excitement was instantly replaced by a look of somnity and worry, "We We haven't found his majesty yet." He glanced at the tightly closed palace gates behind him and said in a heavy voice, "These monsters seem to have emerged from inside the palace. We fought our way here and cleared out the guards at the entrance, but the situation inside is still completely unknown." He paused. Then his tone became even more earnest. Mr. on you. I know this request may be a bit abrupt, but now our only hope is you. I have already heard about your purpose from Chichon. As long as you can help us rescue his majesty, I guarantee with the honor of my family that whatever your request, we will do our utmost to persuade his majesty to grant it." These words were spoken with heartfelt sincerity. Wanu looked at him and nodded. Can he was originally looking for the king. Helping them was also helping himself. However, I have a question before I go in. Lu's gaze swept over the corpses of the shadow monsters on the ground and finally landed on several corpses dressed in luxurious clothes. The corpses after death revealed their true forms as monstrous creatures. But from their tattered clothes, it was still possible to discern that they were probably prominent figures in the capital, perhaps even princes or members of the royal family. However, before taking action, he felt it necessary to remind the minister who had been blinded by victory. Lan Yus gaze fell on the tightly closed door. "You said before that only two people can control the barrier of the royal capital. One is the cult leader. The other one is the king, right?" The minister paused for a moment, not understanding why he suddenly asked this, but still nodded. "Yes, that's right." Lan Yus tone remained calm. The defensive barrier was always open while we were attacking the city. This shows that the person in the city who can control the barrier never intended for us to come in from the beginning. The minister was no fool and immediately understood the deeper meaning behind Lan Yus words. The cult leader was seriously injured and unconscious and was taken out of the city by Cha Chidong. Therefore, the only person in the city who can control the barrier is his majesty the king. Lanu continued, "These advanced mimicry monsters were able to silently replace so many high-ranking officials in the capital, and even the prince was not spared. How likely do you think it is that the king, as the supreme ruler, could be replaced and controlled?" The minister's expression turned serious. He had clearly thought of this problem long ago. After a moment of silence, the minister spoke, "Mr. Lu, no matter the outcome, the Sunset Kingdom will always be grateful for your kindness. Even if his majesty has truly met with misfortune, as long as we can reclaim the capital and eradicate these monsters, we will certainly fulfill our promise. Wanu nodded. That's good. Without further ado, he walked straight to the heavy palace gate. He raised his hand and gently placed it on the cold door. Buzz. A dark aura suddenly erupted from his palm. Boom! The massive stone gate capable of withstanding the onslaught of thousands of troops along with the defensive array attached to it was as fragile as paper in the face of Lanu's doineering shadow aura instantly shattering into pieces amidst the billowing smoke and dust. Lanu withdrew his hand expressionless and walked inside. The minister, the hero Kyle, and a group of elite knights immediately followed. With heavy and uneasy hearts, the group followed Lan Yu and slowly entered the deep and silent palace. Chapter 28. A sneak attack. Inside the palace, all was deafly silent. The long corridor was deserted with only the heavy sound of their footsteps echoing through it. The atmosphere was so oppressive that it was hard to breathe. Finally, they arrived at the throne room where the king usually handled state affairs. The two knights exchanged a glance, stepped forward, and with all their might, slowly pushed open the massive stone door, which was carved with intricate patterns. Squeak! The harsh grinding sound seemed particularly eerie in the deathly silence. As the door was slowly pushed open, an extremely strong stench of blood mixed with the smell of decay rushed in from the crack in the door like a tangible wave. The palace hall was extremely luxurious. The floor is paved with smooth mirror-like obsidian, and the dome is inlaid with luminous gems that emit a soft glow like a dazzling galaxy. The surrounding walls are covered with giant murals depicting the glorious history of the Sunset Kingdom. However, at this moment, this place, which should have been the most majestic and sacred place in the entire kingdom, has become a veritable hell on earth. The overwhelming almost pungent smell of blood assaulted the senses, making one want to vomit. There was not a single living creature in the hall. Yes, there were only piles of white bones. Countless skeletons like garbage were randomly piled up in every corner of the hall from the floor all the way to the ceiling. Men, women, young and old are all among them. Those empty eye sockets seemed to be silently accusing them of the terrifying despair they had endured in their lives. This this the expressions on the faces of the others were not much better. Even seasoned ministers who had seen countless battles and were used to life and death were now deathly pale and their bodies were trembling uncontrollably. Could it be? Could it be that all the missing residents of the capital are here? He murmured to himself in a dreamlike trembling voice. No one answered him. Everyone was completely stunned by the terrifying scene before them. Their minds going blank. Lu's brows furrowed tightly. His gaze swept quickly across the entire hall. He quickly noticed a key point. In this sea of bones on the highest throne sits a figure. The figure was dressed in an incredibly magnificent royal robe wearing a golden crown sitting upright with his hands resting on the armrests of the throne. Judging from his appearance, he is indeed the king of the sunset kingdom. His majesty, the minister also noticed the figure on the throne. As if grasping at a last straw, he shouted in a trembling voice. However, the king on the throne did not react at all. He remained in that position, motionless and expressionless, looking down at everything below. That face had no trace of the vitality a living person should have. It was only filled with a deathly coldness. The minister's heart sank completely. It's over. Everything is over. The horrific scene before us has proven everything. His majesty, he really has. Just as the atmosphere in the hall fell into a deathly silence and despair, Lan Yus voice rang out again calmly. Be careful everyone. The spectral monster that controls the king is very likely hiding nearby. His words instantly pulled everyone back from their shock and grief. Yes, there's also a mastermind behind it all. The minister suddenly raised his head, a renewed flame of revenge burning in his eyes. The knights gripped their weapons tightly, scanning the shadows around them wearily, trying to find the enemy hiding in the dark. Lyu ignored them. As he spoke the reminder, he had already quietly activated his six senses. An invisible sense, like mercury spilling onto the ground, instantly covered every corner of the entire throne room. However, to his surprise, under his six senses, the entire hall was devoid of any signs of life, except for the group of living people present. There wasn't even a fly, let alone any shadowy creatures. What happened? Could that guy be so good at hiding that he can even fool his own six senses? A sense of doubt arose in Lan Yus heart. Although no trace of the shadow monster was found, Lan Yu's gaze made an even more astonishing discovery. After carefully observing the layout of the entire hall, he discovered that the seemingly chaotic arrangement of the bones on the ground seemed to hold a hidden secret. Although the bones were piled up like mountains, when viewed from above, they vaguely formed a huge and incredibly complex pattern. and those places where the skeletons were most concentrated seemed to correspond to some special nodes. In Lanu's mind, the map he had obtained from the priest he had killed in Rocktown flashed by the map marked several so-called sacrifice points, and the nodes where these bones are piled up in front of us are surprisingly consistent with the sacrificial sites on the map. A terrible suspicion gradually took shape in his mind. Sacrificial ceremonies across the country are all related to the ritual array before us. Just then, Nithog's cool yet solemn voice echoed in Lanus mind. This formation has a very similar function to the sacrifice you made in the cemetery of that research institute. Its purpose is also to summon a certain being. Be careful, Lanu. I smell something from this formation. A very unpleasant and dangerous odor. Lanu sensed it even without her saying it. From the moment he stepped into the hall, a faint sense of crisis originating from the depths of his soul lingered in his heart and wouldn't go away. There's definitely something wrong with this formation. It must be destroyed as soon as possible. He no longer hesitated. The shadow energy within his body began to circulate wildly. He was prepared to use his strongest area of effect attack, six senses skill, dragon's roar, to completely erase this evil sacrificial formation along with the puppet on the throne from this world. Buzz, a terrifying energy powerful enough to distort space itself began to gather behind him. A colossal blue dragon phantom composed of the purest shadow energy and chaotic power, almost bursting through the entire palace hall, began to slowly emerge. that terrifying dragons might instantly swept across the entire hall. Everyone present, from ministers to elite knights, felt their souls tremble under this oppressive aura, and even breathing became incredibly difficult. However, just as Lana was about to unleash this earthshattering attack, an unexpected change occurred. A sword aura, sharp to the extreme and shimmering with holy light, shot out from behind him without warning. The attack was aimed directly at his back. quick, extremely fast. This sword strike was not only fast, but also perfectly timed. It happened at the perfect moment when Lan Yus old strength was exhausted, and his new strength had not yet been generated. The person who made the move had clearly been planning this for a long time. A dull thud as a sharp blade pierced flesh. The holy sword energy struck Lanu squarely in the back. A terrifying power erupted. Lan Yu's figure was sent flying like a kite with a broken string, crashing heavily into the wall behind him. Boom! The sturdy wall was smashed open, creating a huge human-shaped hole. Countless rubble fell down with a crash, completely burying his figure. The whole world seemed to have been put on pause at that moment. Everyone was stunned. In disbelief, they slowly turned their heads to look at the person who had launched the sneak attack. Chapter 219. The greatest threat. The minister's mouth gaped open and the expression on his face shifted from shock to bewilderment, finally turning into endless anger and incomprehension. In a horse, almost bleeding voice, he questioned word by word, "Hero, Kyle, what are you doing?" Faced with the minister's angry questioning and the shocked, confused, and hostile gazes of the surrounding knights, he was met with a fierce response. "Kyle, hailed as the hero of the Sunset Kingdom, showed no change in expression. He remained as gentle and confident as ever, as if the earthshattering sneak attack just now was not something he had done at all. He slowly sheathed the long sword that still radiated a holy light. Looked at the wall buried under rubble, and a faint yet mocking smile appeared on his lips. "What a pity!" he spoke softly, his tone carrying an undisguised regret. "I was originally planning to take down this biggest problem by launching a surprise attack. I didn't expect it to fail again." His voice wasn't loud, but it reached the ears of everyone present clearly. What's the meaning? Trouble? Solve it. Everyone was a little confused. They couldn't understand why Kyle, the hero hailed as the kingdom's hope, would suddenly turn on Lanu, their savior. I couldn't understand where the undisguised malice in his words came from. However, before they could figure it out, splash. Suddenly, a sound came from the pile of rubble that buried Lanu. A tall, slender figure slowly emerged from the human-shaped hole. He dusted himself off. His black clothes were completely undamaged. Behind his back, a dark gold protective mirror was emitting a faint light, and the crack on it, slashed by sword energy, was slowly healing at a visible speed. The heart of a guardian. It was this rare shadow weapon, powerful enough to withstand a fatal blow from two levels higher than himself, that saved him from that deadly sneak attack. looking at Lan Yu who was completely unharmed and whose breathing was not even slightly disordered. Hero Kyle's expression remained unchanged. I'm very curious. Kyle looked at Lan Yu and spoke slowly, his voice carrying a hint of inquiry. From the first time we met, I could sense that you seemed to be always on guard against me. Can you tell me why? My disguise should be far more perfect than those ordinary shadow creatures. His words left the surrounding ministers and knights even more confused. camouflage. What is guys? However, Lan Yus answer was simple and direct. Have no idea. Lan Yus gaze calmly fell on Kyle's handsome face, his tone indifferent, as if stating a simple fact. Just looking at you makes me feel disgusted. This statement contains not a single insulting word. But that pure, heartfelt disgust is more hurtful than any vicious curse. The air froze instantly. The expression on Hiro Kyle's face finally froze completely at this moment. A moment later. Oh, he haha. He suddenly burst into laughter. That laughter was no longer gentle, no longer confident, but filled with madness and unbridled abandon. Interesting. Very interesting. Just because you find me disgusting. As his maniacal laughter echoed, his body began to undergo bizarre and terrifying changes. Crackle. A sickening cracking sound came from his body. His magnificent armor, a symbol of holiness and glory, shattered inch by inch. A pitch black bark-like substance, burst forth from beneath his skin and quickly covered his entire body. His body began to swell, twist, and deform rapidly. The arm transformed into a sharp bone blade. Grotesque bone spurs grew from his back. That handsome face was completely transformed into a hideous monster face covered with scarlet compound eyes and sharp mouth parts. In the blink of an eye, he was the hero of Sunset Kingdom, who was worshiped by countless people and hailed as the hope of the kingdom. And so, in full view of everyone, his hideous and terrifying true form as a shadow monster was completely revealed. Ah, a monster. The hero who was prophesied to save the Sunset Kingdom. He He's actually a shadow monster. How is this possible? How is this possible? The surrounding knights witnessing this scene that shattered their worldview screamed in terror, their faces filled with disbelief and utter despair. Their faith collapsed at that moment. The hero they regarded as a god and their hope was from beginning to end just a monster in human skin. This is even more desparing than killing them himself incessantly. The prophecy is false. Kyle, who had revealed his true colors, seemed to relish the expressions of despair and collapse on everyone's faces. He spread his arms and let out a satisfied, chilling roar. "That's it. That's the expression. That's the look in my eyes." His scarlet compound eyes swept over everyone present. His voice filled with mockery and cruelty. Originally, I wanted to wait until the very end, until you thought you had won, and your hopes were rekindled before I crushed all of this in front of you with my own hands. Let you taste the deepest despair in the midst of the most extreme hope. What a wonderful scene that would be. It's just a pity. He abruptly changed the subject and his scarlet compound eyes finally locked onto Lu. There was no longer any contempt in his eyes, only deep fear and killing intent. It's a pity that such an accident happened. A huge variable that forced me to act ahead of schedule. Without a doubt, of everyone present, the only one who could pose a threat to him was Lon Yu. Kyle harbored deep apprehension towards Lanu. This guy is very strong. That's ridiculously strong. Especially the dark moon dragon blade outside the city which had been gathering power for a long time and cleave through the barrier of the gods with a single sword strike. The power of that attack was so great that even he felt a chill run down his spine. He had no doubt that if the other party used that move again, even a hundred of him would be reduced to ashes on the spot. That's why he chose that perfect moment to launch a sneak attack. Unfortunately, it failed. But it's okay. All you need to do is give the opponent time to unleash that terrifying killing move. Kyle twisted his neck, making a series of crackling sounds. Let's deal with you. Our biggest threat right here first. The rest is just a matter of time. Chapter 220. The unyielding sense of crisis. The moment the words fell, his figure suddenly vanished from the spot. When it reappeared, it was already standing in front of Lanne Yu. The arm transformed into a bone blade, slashed down fiercely towards Lan Yus neck with a piercing shriek that tore through the air. However, at that moment, another mutation occurred. Beneath Lan Yus feet, a deep, pitch black domain, seemingly capable of swallowing all light, suddenly expanded out without warning. In an instant, it completely enveloped the entire palace hall. dark, an endless expanse of darkness. That dark domain spread out. The hero Kyle was enveloped in pure pitch black darkness. Everything lost its color and its form. Whether it was Lonu's figure, the terrified knights around him, the mountain of bones, or the high throne above him, it was all there. Everything vanished completely in that instant. In his world, only endless deathly darkness remained. What? What the hell is this? K's seemingly surefire strike missed its mark. He abruptly stopped. His scarlet compound eyes scanning the surrounding darkness wearily. For the first time, a bad premonition rose in his heart. Domain specific skills. Wrong. This darkness is eerie. Just as he was filled with doubt and uncertainty. Despair. Despair. Despair. A clear, unhurried sound of footsteps suddenly broke the deathly silence of the darkness. The voice seemed to be right next to his ear. Kyle felt a chill run down his spine and abruptly turned his head to look in the direction from which the sound came. However, there was still only emptiness and darkness there. Despair, despair, despair. Footsteps sounded again. This time, however, it seemed to come from behind him. K suddenly turned around again. Still, there's nothing there. The footsteps sounded sometimes far away, sometimes near. Suddenly to the left, suddenly to the right. Like a ghost, it roamed freely in this endless darkness, toying with its only prey. "Damn it!" Kyle growled, his unease growing stronger. "He understood." This eerie darkness not only robbed him of his sight, but also disturbed his hearing. "O mere trick?" Kyle snorted coldly, a disdainful sneer appearing on his face. "You think you can get rid of me by disrupting my five senses? Since the five senses are unreliable, he'll use the six senses." Buzz. An invisible force of perception suddenly spread out from him. As a powerful highle shadow monster, he had naturally already awakened the six senses. In this environment, the six senses are undoubtedly the best means of locating the enemy. However, the next second, the cold smile on his face froze completely. In his perception of the six senses, the whole world seemed to have become a distorted and chaotic space made up of countless funhouse mirrors. Lan Yus figure could be seen everywhere. Thousands upon thousands of Lan Yu surrounded him. Every figure exudes the same genuine aura. Every figure was staring at him with a mocking death gazing look. How? How is this possible? A storm raged in Kyle's heart. His six senses were also interfered with. What kind of bizarre ability is this? Even the six senses which originate from the soul can be deceived and distorted. For the first time, Kyle felt a surge of fear. A field that can simultaneously interfere with both the five senses and the six senses is completely beyond his comprehension. Just as his mind was in turmoil and he was thrown into chaos. In the darkness, Lan Yus voice drifted faintly. You seem a little flustered. It's Lan Yus voice. K's pupils contracted sharply as if sensing something. He suddenly raised his claws and swung them fiercely to the left front. Laugh. The claws sliced through the air but struck only nothingness. We've been tricked. A thought had just flashed through his mind. A soft sound of a sharp blade piercing flesh suddenly came from behind him. Immediately afterwards, a sharp pain erupted from his neck. He stiffly, slowly lowered his head. A black sword tip exuding an ominous aura protruded from his chest. His dark blood still stained it. He was stabbed. when his consciousness began to rapidly fade. In his final moments, before losing all sensation, he seemed to see a pair of indifferent, emotionless eyes silently watching him from the endless darkness. It's like looking at an inanimate object. Whoosh! The darkness that had enveloped the entire hall receded quietly like the receding tide. Light has returned. The ministers and knights finally broke free from that desparing darkness. They were still in shock, panting heavily. When they saw the scene before them clearly, they were once again collectively petrified. In the center of the hall, there it was. That terrifying monster hero who had just been so arrogant, yet plunged them into endless despair. At this moment, it had turned into a pile of scattered, still slightly wriggling chunks of meat. It's no longer recognizable as it used to be. And next to that pile of minced meat, Lu was slowly sheathing the Hegny sword in his hand. His face remained expressionless and indifferent. It was as if just now he had merely crushed a tiny insignificant ant. From the moment Lan Yu unleashed that eerie darkness until the darkness dissipated. The whole process took less than a minute. A terrifying highle mimicry monster whose power was so great that it made them all tremble with fear. That's it gone. The way everyone looked at Lanu had changed from initial awe to utter deep-seated fear. This man, what kind of person is he exactly? Lan Yu ignored the way those people looked at him like he was a monster. He was silently assessing the power of his new skill in his mind. Corridor of Shadows, as expected, he was not disappointed. The note that it works on the six senses as well was a stroke of genius skill that can interfere with both the five senses and the six senses simultaneously is a devastating blow to advanced shadow masters. This is an unbeatable top tier control skill. After killing Kyle, the mastermind behind it all, Lu wasted no more time. He turned around, his gaze falling once again on the massive sacrificial array made of bones. Although it is unknown how far the ceremony has progressed, but just in case, let's destroy it first. He raised his hand again, and the shadow energy within his body surged wildly. This time, no one could bother him anymore. Roar! Accompanied by a deafening dragon roar. The enormous blue dragon phantom, composed of the purest shadow energy and chaotic power, once again solidified behind him. A terrifying pressure swept through the entire hall. Go! A cold glint flashed in Lanu's eyes, and he suddenly swung his arm downwards. The blue dragon behind them roared, carrying a world destroying power, and swooped down fiercely towards the array of bones on the ground. Boom! A deafening roar echoed throughout the entire palace. The entire throne room trembled violently under this terrifying blow, as if it might collapse at any moment. A violent energy shock wave mixed with countless fragments of bone and stone spread wildly in all directions. The ministers and knights were blown about by the shock wave, staggering backward, their faces filled with horror. Much later, the smoke and dust slowly dissipated. On the floor of the hall, a huge pit with a diameter of more than 20 meters and a bottomless depth appeared. As for the so-called sacrificial ritual array along with the mountain of bones, it had already been reduced to ashes by this attack, leaving not a trace. However, after doing all of this, the sense of crisis in Lanu's heart did not diminish. On the contrary, it became even stronger. Chapter 2, 21. Eat your grandpa. Stranges. He frowned, feeling as if he had overlooked something. He turned his gaze once again to the throne high above that he had been deliberately avoiding. On the throne, one could see. The king, who should have been a puppet, remained seated motionless on his throne. Those dull, lifeless eyes were now staring intently at him. Something's not right. Lu's pupils suddenly contracted. K has been reduced to ashes by him. Logically, the corpse puppets he controlled should have immediately lost their ability to move. But why is this king still alive? An even more terrifying thought surfaced in his mind. Could it be? Kyle isn't the real manipulator. Just as that terrible thought had just surfaced in Lanu's mind. Without warning, the entire palace hall began to shake violently. Buzz. At this moment, even space itself seemed to let out a mournful cry of unbearable burden. In the center of the hall, above the giant crater created by Lan Yu's six senses skill, dragons roar. A pitch black spatial rift like a chasm in an abyss. slowly tore through space and appeared out of thin air. The crack was initially only the size of a person, but it quickly expanded outwards at a speed visible to the naked eye. In the blink of an eye, it transformed into a massive gate to the shadow realm, tens of meters wide and towering beyond sight. A terrifying pressure 100 times more terrifying than Kyle's previous shadow monster. No, a thousand times more terrifying. An evil, chaotic, ancient pressure filled with destructive energy suddenly erupted from the dark rift. Under this oppressive force, everyone present, including Lanu, felt as if their hearts were being gripped tightly by an invisible hand. Even the soul is trembling wildly. "Wow, what's going on? What? What is that?" The surviving knights stared in horror at the massive rift that ran across the hall, their voices filled with boundless terror. Lan Yus expression finally became more solemn than ever before. He understood. I was still a step too late. The sacrificial ceremony was probably completed long before they entered the hall. The reason Kyle jumped out and said so much nonsense wasn't to show off or to instill despair in them. From beginning to end, he was just stalling for time. To buy ourselves the last bit of time to open this gate to the realm of shadows. Lanu, retreat. Nidhogs anxious voice echoed frantically in Lan Yus mind. This aura, it's from a mythical creature, and it is also a monster with divine authority. Mythical creature? Lanus heart sank suddenly. He knew that things were really serious now. However, before he could react, a grotesque, enormous tentacle covered in barbs and slime suddenly emerged from the dark crevice. Then came the second one, the third one. Finally, a gigantic monster so enormous it nearly burst the entire palace hall and so hideous it defied description slowly emerged from the crack. The monster was entirely black, its body appearing to be hap-hazardly pieced together from countless twisted flesh and sharp thorns. Its body has no fixed shape, only countless open gaping mouths filled with sharp teeth and dozens of eerie eyes of varying sizes gleaming with a scarlet light. That nauseating evil aura originating from the primordial era seemed to freeze the air in the entire world. The doomsday devourer. Just then, the minister, who had already suffered a mental breakdown and collapsed to the ground upon seeing the monster, let out a shrill, distorted scream, as if he had seen the most terrifying being in the world. It is a follower of the legendary god of space, the devourer of doomsday. Why? Why is it here? His voice was filled with endless deep-seated despair. After the monster, known as the Doomsday Devourer descended into this world, its dozens of scarlet eyes slowly scanned the surrounding environment. Finally, its gaze fell upon the humans below, who trembled like ants. Its countless enormous mouths filled with sharp teeth slowly opened. A horse, ancient yet incredibly clear voice resounded directly in everyone's minds. the air of the real world. It's been so long. I am hungry. The moment the words fell. Suddenly, all of its dozens of scarlet eyes focused on Lanu. It was as if, among countless foods, it had found the most delicious and dectable delicacy at a glance. You have a very nice smell. The monster's horse voice carried an undisguised greedy desire. I really want to eat it. He was stared at by dozens of scarlet eyes as if they were looking at food on a plate. Lanu showed no fear whatsoever. He simply returned the enormous monster's gaze with extreme displeasure. My mood is extremely bad. Originally, I just wanted to get a key and leave this awful place. First, the teleportation array broke down. Then, they got caught up in some ridiculous sacrificial ritual. Now, even more inexplicably, they've been made food by an incredibly ugly monster that crawled out of who knows where. He looked at the monster that was still eyeing him with greedy eyes and slowly uttered for words. Eat your grandpa's ass. The moment the words fell, the blue dragon phantom behind him solidified once more. Without the slightest hesitation, six senses skill, dragons roar. Die! Boom! The terrifying dragon roar transformed into a tangible soundwave, which slammed into the doomsday devourer. The violent explosion instantly engulfed its massive body. However, the next second, the scene that made Lon use pupils shrink sharply occurred. All that could be seen was the epicenter of the explosion. The doomsday devourer's body, which had been nearly half blown to pieces, was writhing, regenerating, and healing at an absurdly fast speed visible to the naked eye. Countless pieces of flesh and thorns, as if they were alive, quickly intertwined. In just a few breaths, its enormous body had already been restored to its original state. It was as if that terrifying blow which was enough to instantly kill a highle sevenstar shadow monster was just like a tickle to it causing no pain or itch. Recovery ability. Is it really that abnormal? Lu's brows furrowed into a deep frown. After recovering its body, the doomsday devourer seemed to be completely enraged by Lanu's attack. Insignificant ants. Chapter 222. Unleashing a powerful move. It let out an angry roar and its massive body shuddered violently. The next moment, countless jet black spikes like a torrential rain burst forth from its body, covering everything and enveloping Lanu. Faced with the overwhelming dark spikes that came like a torrential downpour, Lanu showed no sign of panic. Just as those spikes were about to touch his body, "Watch out behind you!" Nidhog's extremely urgent warning suddenly exploded in his mind. Alarm bells rang loudly in Lanus mind. Before he could even think, his body reacted instinctively, driven by the instinct to fight. A fleeting moment. His figure instantly left a faint after image on the spot. And in the very next instant after he disappeared, laugh. A tiny pitch black hole seemingly capable of swallowing all light appeared out of thin air right where he had just been standing. Immediately afterwards, a jet black bone spike, several times thicker and more ferocious than the previous spikes, suddenly shot out from the black hole. The after image left by Lan Yu with a fierce blow. Spatial capabilities. Lanus figure appeared dozens of meters away. Looking at the bone spike protruding from the black hole, his pupils suddenly contracted. This is indeed the authority of the god of space. This is troublesome. Enemies with spatial abilities are undoubtedly the most troublesome. They can disregard distance and launch deadly attacks anytime, anywhere, from any unexpected angle. It's impossible to guard against. He, the doomsday devourer, let out a chilling, eerie laugh. The moment the words fell. Sizzle, sizzle, sizzle, sizzle. Dozens of tiny, pitch black holes appeared out of thin air in all directions around Lan Yu at the same time, completely cut off all his escape routes. The next moment, countless jagged bone spikes shot out from those black holes. This formed a deadly cage constructed from spatial attacks. However, just as those bone spurs were about to pierce Lanu's body, his figure vanished into thin air once again. Those bone spurs once again only pierced through a fading after image. For the first time, a hint of surprise appeared in the dozens of scarlet eyes of the doomsday devourer. It never expected that the tiny human would be able to escape from its deadly attack. Just as it was filled with doubt and uncertainty. Lu's figure reappeared. A profound darkness without warning completely swallowed its enormous body along with the entire palace hall. Corridor of Shadows. In the darkness, a massive jet black crescent moon hundreds of meters long pierced the darkness and struck it squarely. Dark Moon Dragon Blade. The Doomsday Devourer let out a painful roar. Its massive body was cleaved open by this strike, leaving a deep bone revealing wound. Black blood gushed out like a fountain. However, before it could recover from the excruciating pain asterisk asterisk one after another, the dark moon dragon blades came crashing down on it from every corner of the darkness. Within the realm of the shadow corridor, Lan Yu can attack at will, while his enemies cannot even find his direction. That's what makes this skill so powerful. The Doomsday Devourer roared madly in the darkness, waving countless tentacles and attacking its surroundings indiscriminately. However, its attack couldn't even touch the hem of Lanu's clothes. On the contrary, the wounds on its body kept increasing. Although these wounds heal quickly thanks to its abnormal regenerative ability, but the excruciating pain of being used as a live target and cut at will is real and undeniable. Wah! The Doomsday Devourer unleashed a helpless rage. Lan Yu ignored its clamor. He was like the calmst and most patient hunter hidden in the darkness, constantly wearing down his opponent with the dark moon dragon blade. As he attacked, he calmly analyzed the situation in his mind. Judging from the exchange just now, this monster's strength is probably around the peak of the seventh star. While he wasn't afraid of a direct confrontation, the opponent's abnormal regenerative ability and bizarre spatial abilities were simply too troublesome. Completely eradicating it will probably not be an easy task. Now we need to find a way to exploit its weaknesses. Either learn from Sister Luang. Outlast it just as Lanu made up his mind. The doomsday devourer, which had been passively taking hits in the darkness for so long, seemed to finally realize that this couldn't go on. Its frenzied roar suddenly stopped. The entire dark space fell into an eerie silence. A bad feeling rose in Lanu's heart once again. What kind of trouble is this guy up to now? The next moment, boom. A terrifying energy powerful enough to destroy everything suddenly erupted from the doomsday devourer in all directions without warning. Indiscriminate area of effect attack. This guy actually wanted to force himself out of the darkness by doing this. Cut. Lanu smacked his lips. Then his figure flashed, instantly exiting the area of the shadow corridor. Even so, he was still affected by the terrifying energy shock wave. Several small cuts were made on his body. Although, thanks to the regenerative power of the chaotic body, these wounds healed quickly, but Lanu's expression turns somewhat unpleasant. He's not too stupid. This simple and direct approach is indeed the best way to break his shadow corridor. However, judging from the brief silence the monster fell after unleashing that attack. It doesn't seem that such a wide-ranging attack can be used continuously. This relieved Lanu. It seems that what follows will be a tough tugofwar. Lanu took a deep breath and plunged back into the darkness. The battle has once again reached a stalemate. Lanu continued to launch harassing attacks on the doomsday devourer in the darkness. The monster, meanwhile, would occasionally launch an indiscriminate large-scale bombardment in an attempt to force Lanu out. And so it went back and forth. Time passed second by second. In the blink of an eye, half an hour had passed. A stalemate of half an hour is enough to wear down any patience that might exist. This is especially true for mythical creatures like the Doomsday Devourer, which are inherently violent and take pleasure in destruction and devouring. we've been toyed with for so long by a tiny human being using this kite-flying method. This is simply an utter disgrace. A roar filled with boundless rage exploded in the dark realm. Suddenly, the body of the doomsday devourer stopped all its feudal struggles. Its dozens of scarlet eyes were fixed intently on one direction. Although it still couldn't see Lanu's figure, but with the keen intuition of a mythical creature, it had already roughly determined Lanu's location. Buzz. A shadow force, more terrifying and powerful than ever before, began to frantically gather in front of it. Chapter 223. My old life, at least, wasn't lost in vain. Its countless enormous mouths filled with sharp teeth opened at the same time. He actually tore off a thorny, thorny arm from his own body. Black blood was flowing freely. But the other party didn't care at all. It raised the thorny arm in front of it. As immense shadow power flowed from its mouth, it merged into the thorny arm. Jing Xiao's arms began to slowly deform, gradually turning into jet black energy balls that flickered with destructive electric arcs. And it's still getting bigger. Ultimately, a huge jet black energy sphere over 10 m in diameter and resembling a miniature sun was formed. The terrifying energy contained within caused the ground of the entire palace and even the entire capital to tremble violently. Lu realized that this guy was willing to go to great lengths to get rid of him. He could clearly sense that the energy contained within that energy ball once unleashed would be far more powerful than the previous large-scale attack. This attack could probably wipe the entire palace off the map. Is this guy planning to take me down with him? We can't let it unleash this move. Roar. Lanu held nothing back. Six senses skill. Dragons roar. The enormous blue dragon phantom once again slammed down fiercely towards the doomsday devourer which was gathering its power. Boom. The terrifying dragon roar struck the monster squarely. This time two/3s of the monster's body was blown away. A small portion remained, stubbornly maintaining the condensation of that pitch black energy sphere. However, even after suffering such a severe blow, the frantically condensing shadow power showed no sign of stopping. The pitch black energy sphere instead became even more solid and terrifying. Has this guy gone mad? A storm raged in Lanu's heart. He sensed that something was wrong. The power of this attack has exceeded the limit of what he can currently withstand. Taking the hit headon will only lead to certain death. Withdraw. We must retreat immediately. Lu made a quick decision. his figure flashing as he prepared to leave the room first to avoid this devastating attack. However, just as he turned around, preparing to leave. An anomaly has occurred once again. Suddenly, without warning, the movements of the doomsday devourer stopped. Its frantically condensed energy instantly became chaotic. Uh, it let out a shriek of extreme pain. It was as if its body was undergoing some unimaginable torment. What happened? Lanu stopped and looked back in confusion. The scene before him completely stunned him. There on that high and mighty throne lay the king, who should have been a corpse puppet, remained motionless from beginning to end. At that moment, it actually moved. A sliver of clarity had returned to his eyes. At some point, in his hand, he held a loft a peculiar treasure, its entire body a dark gold color, pulsating slowly like a heart. That treasure radiated a warm and majestic golden light like the setting sun. Under that light, the massive body of the doomsday devourer was as if it had been frozen in place, unable to move an inch to melt and disintegrate rapidly under the illumination of this golden light. Has the king turned against us? Moreover, as Lanu looked at the peculiar treasure in the king's hand and felt the familiar yet unfamiliar power emanating from it, his eyes were filled with astonishment. God divine authority. That treasure undoubtedly possessed the aura of a god. the heart of the setting sun. The minister who had been terrified cried out in shock upon seeing the treasure as if grasping at a last straw. It is the most precious treasure of the sunset god, the heart of the sunset. Amidst the shocked gazes of the crowd, the heart of sunset in the king's hand shone brightly. The afterglow of the setting sun formed invisible chains, binding the arrogant apocalyptic devourer to its spot. No. No. What? What kind of power is this? Let me go. Let me go. The Doomsday Devourer let out a scream of extreme terror. Its world destroying power was utterly powerless against this golden light. Immediately afterwards, the golden light began to compress the body of the doomsday devourer with frenzied force. Its enormous body shrank and condensed continuously under that irresistible force. In the end, it turned into a jet black energy crystal only the size of a fist. Then the jet black crystal was swallowed whole by the heart of sunset and disappeared. Call a gentle breeze blew by. The world returned to peace. The earth shattering battle just now and the monster so terrifying that it could destroy the world were all just an unreal illusion. It's all over. That terrifying doomsday devourer was easily dealt with by an unknown treasure. The whole process was full of drama and also full of incomprehensible eeriness. Many stood there looking at the king on the throne who held the heart of sunset. His brows furrowed tightly. He always felt that this whole thing had an inexplicable strangeness about it. Just then on the throne, the king who appeared to be a puppet slowly raised his head. His once empty eyes have now regained their clarity and brilliance. His gaze fell on Lanu, his tone tinged with gratitude. Thank you so much, young man. this time. His voice, though somewhat weak, was full of authority and wisdom. If you hadn't intervened and drawn all of this monster's attention, I wouldn't have been entirely confident that I could have sealed it away. Upon hearing the king speak, the minister beside him was so moved that tears streamed down his face. Your majesty, you you're all right. You're really all right. He scrambled to the throne, about to kneel and pay his respects. However, the king slowly shook his head. No. His voice carried a hint of helpless bitterness. I am already dead right now. I've only temporarily regained consciousness by relying on the power of this national treasure, the heart of sunset. It won't be long before my consciousness completely dissipates. What? The minister's body stiffened abruptly, and the ecstasy on his face froze instantly. How? How could this be? The king ignored his lapse in composure and gently tossed him the heart of sunset. This heart of sunset is the core of the sunset kingdom's barrier. As time goes by, the divine power it contains is constantly weakening, which is the root cause of the barrier becoming increasingly unstable. But now, after absorbing that mythical creature and the divine power within it, a relieved smile appeared on the king's face. The barrier of the Sunset Kingdom should be able to continue peacefully for another thousand years. At least my life wasn't wasted. King Chapter 2, 24. or the false hero. Upon hearing this, the minister was taken aback. Then, as if suddenly remembering something, his pupils contracted sharply. He glanced at the scene of mountains of corpses and seas of blood around him, then at the king's calm face, and a chilling, bold guess surfaced in his mind. Could it be, your majesty, that all of this was your doing? Your goal from the very beginning was He didn't say anything more, but his meaning was crystal clear. The king did not deny it. He simply glanced slowly at the hall filled with skeletons and a trace of undisguised sorrow and pain flashed in his wise eyes after a long silence. He then spoke slowly in an almost whispered voice. The prophecy said that when the kingdom of sunset faces its end, a hero of destiny will descend upon the world to save it. But that was just a white life fabricated by the first leader and the first king to appease the people. His voice was filled with endless vicissitudes. The one who can save the sunset kingdom was never some vague unreal hero from the very beginning. Only we can save ourselves. As mortals, if we want to defy fate, we always have to pay a price. Cost. The price the king spoke of was self-evident. It is these residents of the city. It is these countless skeletons. That includes himself. The minister's body trembled violently. He understood. He understood everything. The minister lowered his head, tears silently streaming down his face. Your subordinate understands. The king's voice rang out again, weak. Let the heart of the setting sun be passed on to the next king. Give it to fifth prince Oas. He hid in the remote territory of Rocktown. Given his personality, he most likely escaped this calamity. Once he inherits the memories and power of the past kings in the heart of Sunset, he will understand what he should do. The minister didn't say anything more but simply nodded heavily. Yes, your majesty. Having said all this, the king seemed to have let go of his last remaining obsession. He turned his head and looked at Lanu again. Young man, I really want to thank you properly, but unfortunately my time is running out. Feel free to make any requests you have to the next king. I believe that child o will satisfy you. After saying that, he slowly closed his eyes. Thus, the reign of a great ruler came to an end on the throne. 5 days later, in the capital city, prince of OS, no, he should be king of OS. Now, he sat blankly behind his large desk made of precious wood, staring at the edict in his hand, personally handed to him by a minister, appointing him as the new king. Feeling as if he were dreaming, I became king. Just like that, inexplicably, he became king. O pinched his thigh heart. Hiss pain. It's not a dream. All of this is real. He OS was a useless prince who suffered a crushing defeat in the power struggle in the capital, was almost killed by his own brothers and sisters, and could only flee in a sorry state to this desolate border town, intending to live a life of mediocrity. Surprisingly, they became the final winners. This This is just too outrageous. All his ambitious and powerful older brothers and sisters were replaced by the shadow monsters during the catastrophe in the capital and they all died. His father, a man of great talent and ambition, hailed as a wise and benevolent ruler, also perished alongside the terrifying monster in an attempt to prolong the kingdom's life. In the end, only he, the fifth prince, who was far away and spent his days drinking and having fun, became the only legitimate heir to the throne. Looking at the heavy crown on my head and reflecting on my experiences over this period of time, OS couldn't help but sigh inwardly. Who would have thought? I, OS, ended up being a lazy winner. OSS's feelings were complicated. There's a sense of unreality, absurdity. There is also a sense of relief, like surviving a disaster. He had learned roughly the whole truth about this series of events from the ministers. As for his father, who sacrificed the soldiers and civilians of the entire nation to save the country, was it right or wrong? He was too lazy to think about it anymore. After all, the person is already dead. So, what's the point of judging his merits and demerits? What I should do now is to be a good king and not squander the precious thousand years of peace that the old man paid such a high price for the Sunset Kingdom. What will happen when the barrier of the Sunset Kingdom faces another crisis a thousand years from now? Oh, by then he had long since been laid to rest. That's not something he as the king should worry about. Whatever. Let the king a thousand years from now have a headache. Crucial and most important person who helped him become king. That is Wanu. Whenever OS thought of that blue-haired youth, he felt his heart involuntarily twitch. That was a monster. No doubt about it. If it weren't for the fact that he had casually dealt with the nest of the shadow monster in Rocktown, saving his and Shu Chiians lives. If it weren't for him who turned the tide and held back that terrifying doomsday devourer during the battle of the capital, whether father's plan will succeed is still an unknown. It could be said that her life and her throne were indirectly given to her by that man. Before his death, the king also left behind some last words. Whatever Lu makes a request, the new king must unconditionally try his best to fulfill it. In fact, he would have done it even if his father hadn't said anything. Joke. Would he dare refuse such a monster's request? Do you think you're too old to live? Unfortunately, after he was escorted by the ministers to the capital in a great hurry. However, they were told that Mr. Lu requested a private room after the battle and then he never came out again. Furthermore, he specifically instructed that no one should disturb him before he came out. Judging from his appearance, he must have gained some insights during the battle and needs to go into seclusion to recuperate. Of course, Aus dared not disturb this big shot. He could only frantically deal with the mess left behind by the king. On one hand, they kept a close eye on Lanu's movements, afraid of neglecting this master. This wait lasted for 3 days. Just as OS finished dealing with a bunch of tedious government affairs, feeling exhausted and dizzy, he rubbed his throbbing temples and prepared to take a break. A guard suddenly rushed in, looking excited. He even forgot to bow and shouted loudly, "Your Majesty, your majesty, Lord Lawn, he's come out of the room." Chapter 225. Someone delivered a pillow to my door. What? Asa, who was just about to lie down to rest, suddenly sprang up from the chair. Without a second thought, he rushed towards the door, shouting urgently as he ran. Quick, take me there. His eager and impatient manner completely betrayed any semblance of the dignity of a monarch. Now, inside the palace, in one of the most spacious and luxurious dining rooms, Lana was sitting somewhat awkwardly at a long dining table covered with a white tablecloth. The table was laden with all sorts of delicacies, a dazzling array that filled the air with enticing aromomas. On either side of the dining table stood two rows of beautiful and slender maids. Behind Lu, several of the prettiest maids were carefully massaging his back and shoulders. The spectacle was even more luxurious and impressive than that of a king. However, Lanu himself showed no sign of enjoyment. Instead, his brows furrowed slightly, making him appear somewhat uncomfortable. He was a man who was used to being alone and doing everything himself. He had never enjoyed such treatment, comparable to that of an ancient emperor. If Lan Yu hadn't insisted, these maids would probably have been fighting over who would feed him. He tried several times to dismiss the maids, but they all looked at him with pitiful eyes, as if to say, "This is his majesty, the king's order, and we dare not disobey." He was speechless for a moment. Just then, the restaurant door was suddenly pushed open from the outside. The newly enthroned King Oss burst in like a gust of wind. "Mr. Lu." The moment he saw Lanu, his face immediately lit up with a warm and respectful smile. His appearance was so unbearable that even the ministers and knights following behind him couldn't stand it anymore. For a moment, no one could tell who the king was. Mr. Lanu, you finally emerged from seclusion. A US strode up to Lanu, his respectful smile almost overflowing. Have you been resting well these past few days? Have the servants neglected you? As he spoke, he glared fiercely at the maids beside him, as if he would drag them out and behead them on the spot if Lu said no. Lanu waved his hand helplessly. Fine. OS breathed a sigh of relief. That's good. That's good. Then, as if remembering something, he quickly said, "By the way, Mr. Lanu, I've already sent someone to safely bring Miss Shu Xiaun from Pansure Town to the capital, the one you entrusted to my care. And as you wished, you arranged a leisurely official position for her in the capital, and bestowed upon her a mansion and a great deal of wealth, guaranteeing her a life of luxury and comfort. Are you satisfied with this arrangement? He looked at Lan Yu expectantly, like a puppy eager to curry favor with its master. Hearing that Shu Xiain was all right, Lan Yu felt relieved. He nodded. That's thoughtful. Although it was just three simple words, it made OS so happy that he almost jumped for joy. Receiving a word of affirmation from this bigwig made him happier than any reward. Lanu glanced at the maids and ministers around him who were still secretly observing him with curious eyes and his brows furrowed almost imperceptibly. He looked at OS and said calmly, "Let them all leave. I have something I want to talk to you about alone." "Okay, okay." Upon hearing this, OS immediately understood. He turned around abruptly and his face, which still carried a hint of fawning smile, instantly became stern. "All of you stand back. No one is to approach the restaurant without my order." Yes, your majesty. No one dared to be negligent in the slightest. They all bowed respectfully and then left the restaurant in an orderly fashion. Soon, only Lan Yu and Aus remained in the huge restaurant. After everyone left, Lan Yu felt that the air around him was much fresher. He looked at OS and asked bluntly, "You should know your father's last words, shouldn't you?" "I know. I know." O nodded frantically, like a chick pecking at rice. My father instructed me before he died that whatever your request is, I must do my utmost to fulfill it. Just tell me what you need. I'll do my best to help if it's within my power. He adopted an extremely humble attitude. Lonnie was very satisfied with his pragmatism. Told Os that he needed to use the key in the hands of the royal family and that special teleportation array to leave this world. After listening to Lanu's explanation, Aus didn't hesitate at all and immediately patted his chest to assure him, "No problem. My father's memories do indeed contain records about that key and that special teleportation array. The key is in the palace treasury. I'll send someone to retrieve it immediately. The teleportation array has remained intact underground in the royal city. I'll arrange it for you right away so you can use it anytime." He spoke with absolute certainty, as if it were the simplest of things. However, just when Lanu thought things would be resolved so smoothly, OSS suddenly changed the subject, a somewhat troubled look appearing on his face. Only he glanced cautiously at Lan Yu before continuing. However, there might be a small problem with that teleportation array. Trouble? Lu raised his eyebrows slightly. Not long after, Lu followed Aus through layers of heavily guarded passages and complex barriers. Finally, they arrived at a spacious underground hall deep within the royal city. In the center of the hall stood a huge circular platform that looked very familiar to him, made of countless complex runes and strange metals. It was that special teleportation array. Moreover, it was different from the dilapitated and nearly unusable teleportation array he had seen at the edge of the third area's barrier. The teleportation array here is perfectly preserved. The runes engraved on it still shimmerred faintly, indicating that it was still functional. However, Lanu's gaze did not linger on the teleportation array for long. His gaze fell on the teleportation array in front of him. There, a gigantic humanoid figure, several meters tall, was completely encased inside a massive crystal clearar block of ice that exuded a chilling aura. Hideous shadow monster, entirely black with two horns on its head and bat wings on its back. Even though it was frozen, the faint yet powerful and violent aura emanating from it was still evident. This shadow monster was definitely not weak when it was alive. This is Lanu looked at OS. OS quickly explained with a rice smile. Mr. Lu, it's like this. About several hundred years ago, one of my ancestors made a mistake when activating this teleportation array, and a powerful shadow monster of the seventh star level was teleported from the other end. The royal family paid an extremely heavy price to subdue this monster. In the end, we could only rely on the power of the barrier to temporarily seal it here because once the teleportation array is activated, the seal will be broken. We're worried that this monster will destroy the teleportation array the moment it escapes. So, this teleportation array has been left here for all these years, never to be used again. After hearing Al's explanation, Wanu turned his head. He looked at OS's face, which was filled with dilemma and pleading, and said calmly, "So, you're saying you want me to take care of a centuries old problem for your kingdom before I leave?" No. No. Upon hearing this, OS shook his head vigorously. I absolutely did not mean that. This This was just an accident, a complete accident. If you find this troublesome, we we can think of another way. Lan Yu ignored his clumsy acting and instead looked with great interest at the frozen sevenstar shadow monster. He just successfully broke through from a five-star shadowmaster to a six-star shadowmaster. He was just worried about not finding a suitable opponent to test his newly acquired skills. And then someone proactively delivered the pillow to my door. Chapter 226. Leaving Sunset Country. Lu waved his hand and said calmly, "Never mind. Unseal it." Oh. OS was stunned for a moment, then his face lit up with ecstatic joy. Yes, yes, I'll have someone break the seal right away with a command from OSS. The frozen barrier slowly dissipated. The massive block of ice began to melt rapidly at a rate visible to the naked eye. Click, click. Cracks began to appear in the ice. A terrifying tyrannical aura belonging to a seven-star powerhouse burst forth wildly from the crack. However, just as the sevenstar shadow monster was about to break free completely and unleash its furious roar that had been suppressed for hundreds of years without warning, a pitch black cloud carrying an ominous aura gathered and took shape above the entire underground hall. Immediately afterwards, drizzling rain, countless dark green raindrops, highly corrosive, fell from the dark cloud. Divine authority and power, rain of corrosion. This is the second ability that Lan Yu comprehended from the divine authority of immunity to all poisons after he advanced to the six-star shadow master. An ability derived from the god of poison. Roar. Ah. The sevenstar shadow monster had only been freed from the ice for less than 3 seconds. Its angry roar instantly turned into an extremely shrill scream. The dark green raindrops fell on its hard iron-like body. It was like a red hot iron dripping onto butter. It emitted a sizzling, tooth grinding, corrosive sound. Its body, right before everyone's eyes, rapidly dissolved and vaporized at a speed visible to the naked eye. He couldn't even let out a complete scream. It took less than 5 seconds. That was the sevenstar shadow monster that had caused the Sunset Kingdom royal family immense suffering and remained helpless for hundreds of years. Just like that, it was completely melted away by a strange green rain, leaving not a single hair behind. The entire underground hall fell into a deathly silence. Lan Yu ignored the monstrous looks the people behind him were giving him. He simply walked straight to the teleportation array, which was now completely unobstructed. The teleportation array started automatically. A flash of white light appeared. Lanu's figure disappeared. The blinding white light slowly dissipated. Lanu's feet landed on solid ground. He looked around and found himself in a huge underground cave. The cave's dome is very high, inlaid with some unknown luminescent minerals that emit a faint cold light, illuminating the entire space. The air was filled with an ancient scent of dampness and dust. Directly in front of him was a magnificent hall carved from black rock. The main hall has a rugged and ancient style full of the sense of time. At the deepest part of the hall, a solitary throne, also made of black stone, can be vaguely seen. This place looks like a palace that has been forgotten for a long time. Lu frowned. Is that teleportation array in Sunset Kingdom actually leading to a place like this? As he surveyed his surroundings and pondered where to go next, boom. Not far away, the heavy stone door of the main hall was suddenly smashed open from the outside with brute force. Immediately afterwards, a series of hurried and chaotic footsteps came in. A group of figures rushed in, looking disheveled. They wore identical leather armor, but most of it was tattered and covered in dust and black blood stains. The leader was a tall young man. As soon as he rushed into the hall, he turned around and together with the remaining people used all his strength to slam the heavy stone door shut again. Huff huff. Finally, finally, the door is closed. That monster shouldn't be able to get in for the time being, right? Several people leaned against the cold stone door, panting heavily, their faces filled with relief at surviving the ordeal. Lanu glanced at the group of uninvited guests and raised his eyebrows almost imperceptibly. He keenly noticed that these people's skin was covered with strange tattoo like black patterns. These patterns reminded him of the state a shadow master was in when activating shadow transformation. ShadowClan instantly flashed into his mind recorded in the documents given to him by the minister of the Sunset Kingdom. According to the scattered records of the Sunset Kingdom, in the world outside the barrier, there exists a race that possesses intelligence, resembles humans in appearance, but is generally not very strong. They call themselves the Shadow Clan. It seems these are the people in front of me. Just as Lana was observing them, a young girl in the group finally recovered from her shock. She had long silvery white hair that in the dim light of the minerals on the cave ceiling resembled flowing moonlight, making the strange black patterns on her skin appear even more mysterious. Most striking were her amethyst eyes, which were now wide open in terror. She subconsciously glanced around the shelter, and then her gaze suddenly fixed on Lanu, who was standing in the shadows of the main hall. The girl's eyes widened instantly. "Wait, wait a minute." She pointed in Lan Yus direction, her voice stammering with surprise. There, there's someone over there. As the girl exclaimed, everyone's eyes instantly turned towards Lanu. The air seemed to freeze at that moment. The relief on those people's faces was instantly replaced by vigilance and shock. They never imagined that there would be other people in this seemingly safe shelter. The girl's name is Ingun, and she is one of the members of this team. She looked at the blue-haired youth standing quietly in the shadows, her heart filled with doubt. When did this person get here? Why didn't they notice anything when they rushed in? She hesitated for a moment, but still mustered up her courage and prepared to go up and say hello. However, she had barely taken a step when the young man in the lead stopped her. Don't go over there. The young man named Le was the captain of the squad. He stared intently at Lu, his eyes filled with intense hostility and weariness. He slowly drew the long sword from his waist, the tip pointing directly at Lan Yu. Who are you? Razer's voice was deep and cold. Why are you here? In Yun was startled by Lays's actions and quickly grabbed his arm. Rays, what are you doing? He doesn't seem like a bad person. Shut up, Lay hissed, but his eyes never left Lanu. Inan, you're too naive. He lowered his voice, speaking in a volume only they could hear. When did such a person ever appear in our sweeping squad? This is the deepest part of the valley of oblivion. How could there be any other ShadowClan members besides us? Chapter 2. 27. Interesting puppet. Razer's eyes grew increasingly cold. Furthermore, have you forgotten the elders records? This hall is sealed with two terrifying shadow demons. The one we just encountered was only one of them. This guy is very likely another one, just like the one outside, a monster disguised as one of our shadow clan members. Upon hearing the words shadow fiend, the faces of the other team members instantly turned deathly pale. Their gazes toward Lu shifted from initial shock to fear and hostility. Razer's words seem to make a lot of sense. This place is too eerie. A stranger suddenly appears out of nowhere. It just doesn't seem normal. Seeing that he had successfully persuaded his companion, Lee's expression became even more determined. He gave the order to the crowd. Don't just stand there. We have to take care of this one inside before the monster outside breaks down the door. Otherwise, if they attack us from both sides, we're really doomed. As he spoke, the aura of a six-star expert suddenly erupted from his body, and the long sword in his hand began to flash with a dangerous light. However, Ingy still held on tightly to him. Rays, calm down. I I can't sense any shadow fiend aura from him. Lu watched the farce unfold before him silently, his heart unmoved. He had roughly figured out the situation. This group of people seemed to regard him as some kind of monster capable of disguise. Moreover, Lan Yu also gleaned a crucial piece of information from their words. Two shadow fiends. That's interesting. Could the sevenstar shadow monster which was frozen in the underground palace of the Sunset King be related to the shadow demon mentioned by this group? Seeing that the young man named Le seemed to have lost patience and was preparing to take action regardless of the consequences, Lanu finally emerged slowly from the shadows. Ignoring the hostile gazes of the crowd, he spoke in a calm, almost indifferent tone. The thing that's chasing you is it completely black with two horns on its head and a pair of bat wings on its back. Lu's voice wasn't loud, but it clearly reached the ears of everyone present. The entire hall fell into an eerie silence. Razer's raised sword froze in midair. The expression on his face changed from resolute to bewildered and finally to utter shock. He turned his head sharply, staring intently at Lan Yu, his voice with disbelief. How? How do you know what that shadow fiend looks like? Not only him, but the other team members, including Ingun, also looked at Lan Yu with the eyes of someone looking at a monster. That shadow demon was the most terrifying being they encountered in this valley of oblivion. Its strength far surpasses any shadow monster they have ever faced before. Their squad was almost completely overwhelmed and scattered after encountering the shadow fiend. They were able to escape here purely by luck. Lan Yu ignored their shocked gazes and simply turned his attention to the lonely throne deep within the hall because he simply turned his gaze to the unremarkable stone wall beside brother Lei and spoke calmly because it has always been right next to you. What? Upon hearing this, Lay Zay and the others pupils constricted sharply. They instinctively looked in the direction Lanu was pointing. There was a smooth stone wall there which looked completely normal. Alarm bells rang loudly in Razer's mind. Although he was arrogant, he was not stupid. Lu's calm and composed attitude along with his unbelievable words had shaken the doubts in his heart. He immediately activated his senses and probed towards the wall. However, after a thorough search, nothing was found. That wall was just an ordinary wall playing tricks. Razer felt a little more at ease. He felt that Lu was likely using this method to distract them so he could launch a sneak attack. However, the moment this thought arose in his mind, sizzle, a tearing sound that made your teeth ache suddenly rang out from the wall next to him without warning. Immediately afterwards, a jet black claw gleaming with a cold metallic sheen suddenly burst forth from the hard rock. Its target is the heart of Razer. quick. It's almost at its limit. The appearance of that claw was too sudden and too bizarre. It was as if it had been lurking in that wall from the very beginning, waiting to deliver a fatal blow to its prey. Ray eyes, watch out. In Yun let out a scream of extreme terror. Razer's reaction was also remarkably swift. The moment the claws appeared, every hair on his body stood on end. The intense life or death crisis stimulated every nerve in his body. Without a second thought, he prepared to back down. However, the speed of that claw was several times faster than he had imagined. He watched as the sharp claw grew larger and larger in his pupils. The shadow of death instantly enveloped him. It's over. Razer felt a chill in his heart. However, at this critical moment, buzz. A pitch black shadow suddenly burst out from under Razer's feet. The shadow quickly condensed in midair, transforming into a humanoid puppet made entirely of an unknown metal, shimmering with runic light. As soon as the puppet appeared, it spread its arms and fearlessly stood in front of Razer. Shadow puppet. This is their shadow puppet vill's unique secret technique upon which they rely for survival. Clang. A piercing metallic clang rang out, followed by a deafening explosion. The shadow demon's claws gripped firmly onto the puppet's chest. Sparks flew everywhere. A terrifying force erupted with a deafening roar. The seemingly indestructible metal puppet had five deep bone revealing claw marks instantly ripped into its chest. Countless fine cracks like a spiderweb spread rapidly. Puff. Although the puppet blocked the fatal blow, Razer himself was also greatly impacted. He felt as if he had been hit by a heavy hammer, and he suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood. His body flew backward uncontrollably. The puppet that had shielded him from the attack also dimmed instantly after taking the blow. Its already scarred body was now even more battered, as if it might fall apart at any moment. Clearly, this puppet had already suffered heavy damage in the previous battle. Its selfless act of protecting its master had exhausted its last bit of strength. Lanu looked at the damaged puppet, his eyes lighting up slightly. Interesting, this puppet actually possesses the ability to protect its master autonomously. Moreover, the explosive power he displayed just now was quite remarkable. It's just a pity. In the end, it still couldn't completely protect its owner. Shadow Cloud Chapter 228. Do you know the way out of here? Just as Ray Eyes was sent flying backward, his body still unsteady. The shadow demon that had completely emerged from the wall let out a silent roar. Its figure transformed into a black lightning bolt, instantly catching up with ray eyes. Another soft sound of a sharp blade piercing flesh. Razer's body, which had been flying backward, suddenly stiffened. He slowly lowered his head in disbelief. A jet black claw had already pierced through his chest. Fresh blood dripped from the claw tip onto the ground. His life was slipping away rapidly. In his last moments of consciousness, he saw the shadow demon s crimson eyes filled with savagery and slaughter. I also saw the blue-haired youth who always had a blank expression not far away. turn out to be what he said is true. Ray eyesing Yune and the other team members let out a shrill scream. They watched helplessly as their captain was easily pierced through the chest by that terrifying shadow fiend. Then it was carelessly tossed aside like trash. Blood stained the cold ground. Razer's eyes were wide open, filled with resentment and regret. He died with his eyes wide open in peace. The entire hall fell into a deathly silence. The remaining team members were all terrified. Their bodies were stiff, their faces were pale, and they couldn't even muster the courage to run away. In the face of absolute power, any struggle seemed so pale and powerless. That successfully ambushed and instantly killed Razer did not immediately attack the remaining people. Its scarlet eyes filled with a tyrannical aura slowly turned and finally locked onto Lanu. It could smell an aura emanating from Lanu that made it extremely uneasy, even fearful. Therefore, it did not charge straight at Razer as it did with Razer. Instead, it carefully maintained what it considered a safe distance from Lan Yu. Lanu looked at the shadowy creature in front of him. This guy is almost identical to the one that Lanu melted with rain of corrosion in front of the teleportation array in Sunset Kingdom. Lanu looked at the shadow demon's wary expression, and a faint smile appeared on his face. How? So, you smelled your companion's blood on me? His voice remained calm, but to the shadow demon, it was no less than the most vicious provocation. Roar! The shadow demon let out an angry roar, seemingly enraged by Lonu's words. Its violent aura suddenly erupted. Without further hesitation, it pushed off the ground with its hind legs. Its massive body transformed into a black after image, hurtling towards Lanu with a piercing shriek that tore through the air. Those sharp claws drew deadly streaks of light in the air. However, faced with this thunderous blow, Lan Yus face showed not the slightest change in expression. He couldn't even be bothered to move just as the shadow fiend was about to pounce on him. A fleeting moment, Lan Yus figure suddenly disappeared from the spot. Quick, extremely fast, in Yun and the others eyes, Lan Yus figure seemed to have been erased from the world by an eraser, leaving no trace, not even a lingering image. The shadow demon's seemingly inevitable attack missed its mark, and its massive body slammed heavily against the wall behind where Lanu had just been standing due to inertia. Boom! A loud bang! The solid wall was smashed open, leaving a huge hole, and smoke and dust filled the air. However, before it could regain its balance from the violent impacted, a very faint sound, like a hot knife cutting into butter, suddenly rang out behind it. Shadow Fiend's body stiffened abruptly. It slowly, mechanically lowered its head. A jet black sword tip, exuding an aura of both ominousness and nobility, pierced through its chest with unparalleled precision from the weak point marked by mind's eye. Not a single drop of blood was on it, because the flesh and blood around the wound, along with the restless energy core, were completely annihilated by an overwhelmingly powerful force the moment they were pierced. Whoosh! Lan Yu expressionlessly pulled the Hegny sword from the shadow demon's body. The once invincible Sevenstar shadow demon crashed to the ground with a thud, raising a cloud of dust, and then fell silent. The whole process was so smooth and fast that it was hard to comprehend. From the moment Lan, you made his move to the end of the battle. It took less than 3 seconds. A terrifying sevenstar shadow demon capable of wiping out their entire squad was so easily instantly killed. Ingun and the remaining team members stared blankly at the scene, their minds completely blank. They watched the blue-haired youth slowly sheathing his black sword, their initial fear and hostility transforming into a profound and deep-seated awe. This man, what kind of person is he exactly? Much later, Inyun was the first to react. She took a deep breath, forcibly suppressing the shock and fear in her heart, and quickly walked to Lanu. Then he bowed deeply to Lu. I'm I'm sorry. Her voice trembled slightly and was filled with deep apology. We misunderstood you just now. I apologize for our previous rudeness. And thank you for saving us. Lu turned to look at the group of people and responded calmly. You're welcome. And I was just saving myself. He didn't harbor much hostility towards the people in front of him. The person who just drew his sword against me is now dead at the hands of the shadow monster. As for the rest of the people, he apologized when he needed to and expressed his gratitude when he needed to. He wouldn't hold a grudge against them over this. He she sword, looked at Shadow Cloud, and asked bluntly, "Who are you, and where is this place?" Upon hearing Lan Yus question, Ingy Yun dared not be negligent in the slightest, and quickly told Lan Yu everything about her identity and the situation there. We are from Shadow Puppet Village, the territory belonging to the king of knowledge, one of the seven great kings, Yun answered respectfully. Our village has made a living by controlling shadow puppets for generations. We came to this valley of oblivion to participate in the vill's trials. We just didn't expect an unexpected incident to occur midway, causing our team to be scattered by the shadow fiend. Lu listened quietly. Shadow puppet village? A learned ruler? This was information he had never heard of before. It seems the film industry is far more complex than he imagined. He nodded, indicating that he understood the situation. Looking at the young people in front of him who were still in shock, he already had a preliminary plan in mind. He looked at the crowd. By the way, do you know the way out of here? Chapter 229. What a pity. After quickly disposing of Ray's body, Yun along with the remaining two team members followed Lan Yu with heavy and uneasy hearts. They have now completely regarded Lan Yu as their only lifeline. Lan Yus power has far exceeded their comprehension. They walked in the direction they remembered they had come from. After walking for about half an hour, a huge landslide area consisting of countless rubble and mud appeared in front of them. This road is completely blocked. Damn it. Another team member couldn't help but mutter a curse. How could it have collapsed so badly? Ingun frowned deeply as she looked at the landslide in front of her. She explained to Lanu. We got separated from the rest of the team because of a sudden and violent collapse here. The situation was so chaotic that we had no choice but to flee into the main hall in a panic to avoid the falling boulders. However, the shadow monster has now been dealt with. They have enough time to clear the roadblocks. As she spoke, she prepared to call on the remaining two team members to help clear away the rubble. Although the project seems huge, they are all filmmakers after all, and it is not impossible for them to clear a passage together. However, just as they were about to take action, Lanu suddenly raised his hand to stop them, etc. His voice remained calm yet carried an undeniable air of authority. There's movement. Hide first. Is there any movement? In Yune and the others were taken aback, instinctively holding their breath and listening intently. However, apart from the howling wind and the occasional roar of beasts in the distance, there was no other sound. They looked at Lan Yu with suspicion. But Lanu didn't give them any explanation. He simply flashed and silently disappeared into the dense shadows beside him. Seeing this, Inune and the others were filled with doubt, but they dared not disobey in the slightest. They exchanged a glance and immediately followed Lan Yus example, each finding a secluded corner to completely conceal their figures and aura. Shortly after they had hidden themselves, click click. A faint sound of chiseling rocks suddenly came from deep within the massive landslide area. The sound was very faint at first, but as time goes by, it becomes clearer and closer. Someone is digging through from the other side. Ingun and the others hearts jumped into their throats. Who could it be? Are they their lost companions or someone else? Soon, with a whoosh sound, a small hole was dug open from the other side of the thick pile of rubble. Immediately afterwards, several blurry figures emerged from the hole. At the same time, their conversation was clearly heard by Lan Yu and the others who were hiding in the shadows. Hey, brother Hoo Shawn, isn't it a bit too early for us to go in now? A voice sounding somewhat shrewish and monkeylike spoke with a hint of flattery and worry. What if what if those two shadow demons are still roaming inside? Our numbers wouldn't even be enough to fill their teeth. Immediately afterwards, a rough and bold voice rang out. "What's there to be afraid of?" the man known as Brother Husan said disdainfully. "Do you think I'm dealing with that beast for the first time?" "Those two shadow demons are powerful, but they're not very bright. Every time they kill someone, they just go back to their layer and fall fast asleep. Loot all the treasures from those idiots in Shadow Puppet Village. This is a big deal. After we pull this off, we brothers won't have to worry about money for the rest of our lives. Another voice echoed this with a hint of complaint. Exactly. Damn it. We shouldn't have made such a big commotion. This landslide made it so hard for us to dig for ages before we could even get a proper opening. Next time, we need to control the amount of explosives better. The conversation among these people was not loud, but every word struck Ingun and her two companions like a heavy hammer blow. Their eyes widened even more. His expression shifted from initial confusion to shock and finally transformed into boundless rage and chilling killing intent. Conspiracy. This was all a complete conspiracy from beginning to end. The so-called accidental collapse was not an accident at all. Instead, it was a carefully planned scheme by this group of people to kill them in order to rob them of their valuables. They wanted to use that terrifying shadow fiend to kill their entire trial squad. Then they can come in and reap the benefits. In Yuns body trembled violently from extreme anger. She bit her lip hard, her nails digging deep into the flesh of her palm, but she forced herself to remain silent. She knew that rushing out now would be tantamount to suicide. The other side had a large number of people and a strong presence, and judging from their confident conversation, they were definitely not weak. She could only suppress this overwhelming hatred deep in her heart. However, at that moment, the man known as brother Hon seemed to have sensed something. His previously smug smile suddenly froze. He turned his head sharply, his sharp hawk-like eyes fixed on the shadows where Ingy Yun and the others were hiding. Who's there? Get the hell out here. Hiannes loud shout resounded like thunder in the silent valley. The moment the words fell, the ground beneath his feet suddenly trembled. Boom! A black energy wave rippled outwards from him like waves. Where Pian Yun and the others were hiding were instantly shattered by the impact of this energy wave. next to Ingun were directly shaken out of their hiding place by this doineering energy. They fell to the ground in a sorry state, spitting out blood, clearly suffering from serious internal injuries. Although Ingy Yun barely escaped injury thanks to a protective artifact, she was forced to reveal herself. She steadied herself and raised her head, her beautiful eyes now filled with icy killing intent and boundless rage. She stared intently at Hon, her voice sounding as if it were being squeezed out from between her teeth. Hon, it really was you guys. This was all part of your plan from the very beginning, wasn't it? Honked at Ingun, whose pretty face was filled with murderous intent, and her two seriously injured companions, and a cruel yet triumphant smile appeared on his face. Oh, isn't this Miss Shadow Cloud, the little princess of Shadow Puppet Village? What? It's a shame you didn't die at the hands of the shadow fiend. Chapter 230 hit a brick wall. Husians tone was full of undisguised mockery and sarcasm. His cloudy eyes swept over Ing Yun and her two companions as if he were picking through wilted cabbages at a market. H that's strange. Hon stroked his messy beard, figning confusion, and said, "It seems your team is missing one person." He fixed his gaze on Ingu and s pretty face which was taught with anger and said slowly, "Why isn't that self-righteous idiot named Lay with you?" Inguns nails dug deeply into her palms, and Layas unwilling gaze before his death seemed to be right before her eyes. She gritted her teeth, remaining silent, but the violent heaving of her chest betrayed the turmoil in her heart. Judging from your disheveled appearance, that guy couldn't possibly be already dead, could he? Husan deliberately dragged out his words like a venomous snake flicking its tongue. When Husan saw the anger mixed with an undisguised sorrow in Ingys fiery eyes, his smile completely blossomed, twisted yet radiant. Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. He laughed loudly without restraint, the laughter echoing through the empty forest and startling several unknown birds. As expected, he's dead. That idiot, does he really think he's some kind of genius? repeatedly ignoring me. Just because he's from Shadow Puppet Village, does he think he can mess with me? Good riddance. A very good death. His laughter was filled with shoden frea and morbid pleasure. And his four accompllices behind him also burst into earpiercing laughter. Their eyes, when they looked at Inyune, were filled with greed and lust, which they made no attempt to hide. However, as he laughed, Husians laughter gradually subsided. His sharp eyes swept back and forth between Ingy Yun and the other two again. Something's not right. He quickly discovered the problem. Razer is dead, so their squad should only have three people left. But why does he feel like the number of people on the other side hasn't changed? That faint sense of oppression doesn't seem like something that three defeated soldiers could emanate. His gaze passed over the angry Ingy Yun and finally landed on the blue-haired youth who had stood silently to the side the whole time, as if he were an outsider. Husians brows furrowed tightly. Who is this person? He was certain that there was no such person in the shadow puppet villages trial team. His clothes were completely out of place with the uniform leather armor worn by the shadow puppet village. A sense of vigilance rose in Husanne's heart. Something unusual must be going on. Despite his caution, he remained absolutely confident in the strength of his side. He had five people on his side, and each of them was a seasoned six-star expert. Aside from the somewhat eerie blue-haired youth, the opposing side consisted of only Ingun and two severely injured and essentially incapacitated individuals. No matter how you look at it, the advantage is on their side. Thinking of this, Bushians initial weariness gradually dissipated. Who cares what kind of monsters or demons they are? Faced with absolute power, they all have to obediently surrender. He grinned, revealing a set of teeth stained yellow from tobacco. Fine, one more is one more. That saves us the trouble of looking for it again. Consider it an extra treasure. He waved to his accompllices behind him, his tone becoming extremely sinister. Brothers, what are you all standing there for? Superior. Send them on their way. Yes, brother. Their gazes toward Ingun were filled with undisguised, greedy desire. As they spoke, they activated the shadow energy within their bodies and approached Lan Yu and Ingun step by step. However, at this tense moment, when swords were about to be drawn and war was imminent, a flat, emotionless voice suddenly rang out. You seemed quite happy. It's Lu. He finally spoke. Upon hearing this, Han and the others paused, instinctively looking at the blue-haired youth. Lan Yus face remained expressionless, but a chilling icy smile slowly crept onto the corners of his mouth. Since you like to laugh so much, then stay in this darkness forever and laugh your heart out. The moment the words fell, a sudden change has occurred. On Lanu's feet, a deep, pitch black domain that seemed capable of swallowing all light suddenly expanded out without warning. The darkness, like a rising tide, instantly swallowed and enveloped who Shawn and his group along with the surrounding space of tens of meters at a speed too fast for the naked eye to perceive. The corridor of shadows. What? What the hell is this? Hushian's vision was instantly enveloped in pure pitch black darkness. Everything lost its color and its form. Whether it's your companions beside you, the enemies opposite you, or the surrounding rocks and vegetation, everything vanished completely in that instant. His world was filled with only endless deathly darkness. The slight sense of unease that had just arisen in his heart was instantly amplified to an infinite degree. Domain specific skills wrong. This darkness is so eerie. It not only deprived him of his sight, but it also seemed to completely block out his hearing and smell. He could not hear his companion screams, nor smell the blood in the air. The silence of the world made him uneasy, "Don't panic. This is just an illusion. Stay calm." Buchanan forcibly suppressed his fear and shouted at the top of his lungs. He tried to embolden his companions and himself in this way. However, his voice sounded so hollow and powerless in the deathly darkness. There wasn't even the slightest echo. It was as if his voice had been completely swallowed up by the endless darkness the moment it left his lips. Just as he was filled with doubt and uncertainty, drizzling rain, a soft spring-like sound suddenly broke the deathly silence of the darkness. Immediately afterwards, a strong, deadly, corrosive aura spread from all directions. Alarm bells rang loudly in Husen's mind. Before he could even think, his body instinctively pushed the shadowqi within him to its limit. A thick earth yellow energy shield instantly enveloped his entire body. However, the next second, sizzle, sizzle, sizzle, corrosive sound, like a hot iron dripping onto butter, rang wildly in his ears. His proud energy shield, which was strong enough to withstand the full force of a powerful opponent of the same level, was as fragile as paper in the face of these strange raindrops. The shield's surface was rapidly corroded, dissolved, and vaporized at a rate visible to the naked eye. Ah, what? What kind of rain is this? My hand. My hand. Help. Help me, brother. I wall. Finally, from the darkness came the extremely shrill screams of his companions. That sound was filled with endless pain and despair. Hearing his companions heart-wrenching screams, Husanne's heart sank to the bottom. He understood. This is not an illusion at all. This is a real deadly killing field. They've messed up. Chapter 2, 31. The invitation from Shadow Puppet Village. That seemingly harmless blue-haired youth is no ordinary person at all. He is an absolute monster. Monster 100 times more terrifying than those two shadow fiends. No. No. Honorared madly in the endless darkness, his battle ax igniting with the last of its shadow energy as he wildly slashed in all directions. Like a drowning man, he desperately tried to grasp at the last straw, using brute force to tear a hole in this damned domain. However, it was all in vain. Every time he swung his battle axe, it was as if he were striking nothingness, failing to even create a ripple. On the contrary, the energy shield on his body under the continuous erosion of the dark green corrosive rain made a hissing sound as it was overwhelmed and its light dimmed at a visible speed with cracks spreading rapidly like a spiderweb. Click. Finally, with a crisp sound like shattering glass, his last barrier was completely shattered. Immediately afterwards, those dark green raindrops, intensely corrosive and seemingly capable of melting everything, fell mercilessly onto his body. Uggh. Ah. Hians roar instantly turned into a scream a hundred times more shrill than that of his companions. He felt as if his body had been thrown into aquaria. Skin, flesh, bones. Everything was rapidly dissolving and vaporizing at a speed that filled him with endless terror. The excruciating pain that penetrated to the bone made even suicide a luxury for him. His consciousness gradually blurred amidst boundless suffering. In his final moments before losing consciousness, he seemed to see a pair of indifferent, emotionless eyes silently watching him from the endless darkness. It's like looking at a pile of garbage that's about to rot. Whoosh! The darkness that had enveloped the entire valley receded quietly like the receding tide. Light returned. In Yune and her two companions finally escaped from that desparing darkness, they were panting heavily, still shaken. When they saw the scene before them, they were all petrified once again. All they could see was an open space in front of them. Who Shawn, who was just moments ago arrogant and overbearing, and his accompllices, it has vanished without a trace. Not a single hair or drop of blood was left behind. It was as if they had never existed in this world. Only a faint sour smell remained in the air. From the moment Lanu released that eerie darkness until the darkness dissipated. The whole process took less than a minute. Five powerful six-star shadow masters. Just like that, gone. It was completely melted away by a strange green rain, leaving not even a trace. She looked at the blue-haired youth, who remained expressionless, as if he had merely crushed a few ants, and her throat involuntarily bobbed, was so calm and collected when facing the sevenstar shadow demon. Because in his eyes, neither the sevenstar shadow demon nor these six-star shadow masters mattered. Perhaps they are just insects that can be crushed at will. After dealing with Husan and his gang, the valley returned to silence. Ing Yun and the other two who were still in a days. They're gone. He uttered two words calmly. Then he ignored them and walked toward the exit of the valley on his own. Huh? Oh, okay. Okay. Ingun shuddered as if waking from a dream. She quickly called to her two companions who were still in a daysaze and hurried after Lan Yu. This time, their feelings as they followed Lanu were completely different from before. If they had previously regarded Lanu as a lifeline, now their gazes toward Lanu were filled with awe. They didn't even dare to breathe loudly for fear of accidentally displeasing this capricious god of death. Reign of corruption upon them as well. Then they won't even have a place to cry. Valley of oblivion. A place that had left them with endless psychological trauma in a strange and oppressive atmosphere. Once we left the valley, the outside world opened up before us. This is a vast, boundless black plane. On the plains grow some strangely shaped plants that emit a ghostly light. On the distant horizon, the outlines of some rolling mountain ranges can be faintly seen. Wanu stopped and turned to look at Ingun. In which direction is the nearest town? He planned to find a place to stay first. Then we should gather more information about this world. After all, the scattered records from the kingdom of sunset are extremely limited. He now knows almost nothing about this so-called film industry. In was taken aback upon hearing this. She instinctively wanted to point Lan Yu in the direction of the nearest settlement established by other villages. However, she swallowed the words back as if possessed. An idea began to grow uncontrollably in her mind. She looked at Lanu. A hint of hesitation and struggle flashing in her beautiful eyes was completely suppressed by an even stronger emotion called hope. She took a deep breath, mustered her courage, and extended an invitation to Lanu. Lord Lan Yu, if you don't mind, would you like to stay at our shadow puppet village for a while? Her heart started pounding as soon as she finished speaking. She looked at Lanu nervously, afraid of hearing the word rejection from his mouth. Upon hearing this, Lu's brows furrowed almost imperceptibly. Go to their village. His first instinct was to refuse. He has never liked to get too involved with strangers, especially in a world full of unknowns and dangers. However, just as he was about to refuse, his mind started racing. Go to a completely unfamiliar town. Being in an unfamiliar place, gathering intelligence can be quite troublesome. But going to this shadow puppet village is different. Acquaintance with these people. At least these few people would never dare to have any bad intentions towards him. Secondly, obtaining information from them is far safer and more efficient than wandering around aimlessly like a headless fly. The most important point is this so-called shadow puppet village didn't seem to pose any threat to him. After weighing the pros and cons, Lanu changed his mind. He looked at Ing Yuns small face, which was filled with tension and anticipation, and nodded slightly. Can lead the way. Upon hearing those two words, Ing Yuns heart, which had been hanging in suspense, finally settled down. A genuine radiant smile instantly bloomed on her face. Yes, Lord Lu. Chapter 232, A Perfect Prophet. It took about a whole day to walk. When night falls again, the group stopped on a relatively flat open space to rest. Lanu noticed that when Ingyans two companions set up camp, they each summoned a humanoid puppet similar to the one Lay Z had used before. Although the puppets looked somewhat damaged, they moved very nimly, gathering firewood, starting a fire, setting up a tent. They efficiently and quickly completed all the tedious tasks. It is indeed very convenient. Looking at the busy puppets, Lanu felt a surge of curiosity about this so-called shadow puppet village. Just then, Ingion walked up to him with a bowl of steaming hot meat soup. Lord Lu, are you are you very interested in the puppets in our village? She handed the broth to Lan Yu and asked cautiously. Lanu took the broth and nodded. That's quite interesting. He took a sip of soup, then looked up at Inyune, his deep eyes seeming to see right through people's hearts. But you probably didn't just come to me to ask about the puppet. Did you? Just say what's on your mind. Ingun stiffened upon hearing this. She never expected that Lanu would see through her little scheme at a glance. Now that she had been seen through, she stopped being koi. She took a deep breath as if making a firm decision and solemnly said to Lanu, "Lord Lanu, I I would like to request your help for our shadow puppet village." However, she hadn't finished speaking. He was abruptly and decisively interrupted by Lanu. I refuse. Three simple words without the slightest hesitation or room for maneuver. In Yun's newly mustered courage deflated instantly like a punctured balloon, she stood there stunned and opened her mouth. She She hasn't even said what kind of help she wants to offer. I was rejected just like that. That's way too too direct. Lu looked at her dazed expression but felt nothing. The reason he refused so decisively is quite simple. Trouble. He didn't want to get involved in any more unnecessary trouble. His sole purpose in coming into this world was to find a way to leave. We finally managed to get out of that awful place, Sunset Country. He didn't want to plunge headlong into another unknown vortex. Ingun was speechless for a moment after being confronted with Lu s decisive rejection. She stood there, her hands unconsciously twisting the hem of her clothes. He seemed somewhat at a loss, but she did not give up. She knew this might be their only chance. She hesitated for a long time before gritting her teeth and speaking again. Lord Lu, I know this request may be somewhat abrupt, but but this is really not difficult for you, and we we won't let you do this for nothing. We are willing to offer our appropriate compensation. Exquisite box made of special black wood from her pocket. Look, this is it. If you agree, regardless of whether this succeeds or fails, the dark obsidian crystal in this box is yours. Lanu had already prepared to close his eyes and ignore the little girl. However, when he heard the words dark crystal, his eyes, which were about to close, suddenly opened. His gaze instantly fell on the exquisite black wooden box in In Yun's hand. Dark obsidian crystal. Did he hear that right? Lanu's heart skipped a beat. Advancing to the sevenstar shadowmaster requires three extremely rare core materials. They are star core, dark crystal, and tear of the void. Each of these three materials is rare and extremely valuable. All he has now is the star core. He originally thought it would take a long time to collect all three items, but I never expected it. I never imagined that I would encounter the second core material here today. In this way, Lan Yus expression instantly turned serious. He turned his head and stared intently at Ingun with his deep eyes, his tone becoming more solemn than ever before. Are you sure this contains dark obsidian crystal? Ingun was startled by Lan Yus sudden change in aura, but she nodded emphatically nonetheless. I I'm sure. As she spoke, she carefully opened the black wooden box. Buzz, a pure and profound dark energy seemingly capable of devouring all light emanated from the box. Crystal, no bigger than a thumb, was completely black. Yet, its surface seemed to be filled with countless stars. That's right. That's it. It's exactly the same as what's recorded in the documents. After confirming the authenticity of the goods, Lan Yus heart also burned with excitement. He raised his head and looked at Ingy Yun again. This time his tone was much gentler. Speak. How can I help you? Seeing that Lan Yus attitude had finally softened, Ing Yun was overjoyed. She quickly told Lan Yu the whole story. It turns out that their shadow puppet village, although belonging to the territory of the King of Knowledge, but there are dozens of villages like theirs in this vast territory. In order to allocate limited resources and land more rationally, the learned king established a rule. Every 5 years, all the villages send out their strongest priest elders to participate in a grand competition. The ranking of the competition will directly determine the share of resources that each village can obtain over the next 5 years. Their shadow puppet villages strongest priest elder tragically perished in an accident last year. The village was facing a shortage of capable individuals and there was simply no one who could rival the strength of the other villages. Left with no other choice, they had to spend a lot of money to bring in Ray eyes, a foreign aid whose abilities were not bad. We hope he can represent the village in this competition. But unexpectedly, Razer, the guy on whom so much hope was placed, died so mysteriously during the trial. This truly put their shadow puppet village in dire straits. Lyus appearance gave them new hope. After listening to Ingy Yuns account, Lan Yus face showed an expression of, "I knew it." He looked at Ing Yun and confirmed, "So, you mean you want me to represent your shadow puppet village in that so-called tribe ranking competition?" "Yes." ing Yun nodded heavily, then quickly added. Lord Lu, rest assured, "That competition had rules. King Bashi strictly forbade the use of lethal force during the competition, so you have absolutely no need to worry about your life being in danger." Upon hearing this, Lanu silently pondered in his heart. It's just a competition where killing is not allowed. You will then obtain a priceless dark obsidian crystal. If this is true, that deal is a sure one, no matter how you look at it. Chapter 233. The learned king. Moreover, through this competition, he might also gain access to information about this world. After some thought, Lu made a decision. He nodded. Okay, I agree. However, let me preface this by saying the unpleasant things first. I'm only responsible for taking action. I'm not responsible for the final ranking. No problem. Of course. In Yun was overjoyed and nodded repeatedly. For her, it was enough that Lan Yu was willing to help. During the subsequent conversation, Lan Yu asked In Yun for more information about the Shadow Clan. For example, the black patterns on their bodies that resemble shadows. In Yun explained that this was a blessing bestowed upon them by the knowledgeable king. It is precisely because of these patterns that these ordinary Shadow Clan members possess intelligence no less than that of humans. After she finished speaking, she curiously looked at Lan Yus smooth skin. To be honest, Lord Lan Yu, this is the first time I've ever seen someone like you with absolutely no markings on their body. I heard from the village elders that Shadow Clan members without markings either possess extremely rare ancient bloodlines and are born with intelligence. Either or. She paused here, then said as if joking. Or perhaps it's one of those rumored humans. Haha. When I first saw you, I really thought you were human. Slightly at this point. However, Ingy Yun quickly dismissed this absurd idea. Of course, how could that be? This is the depths of the shadow realm, the territory of a king. How could any human possibly have come here? Lanu just smiled at her words and didn't say anything more. Bying Yun. After a long journey of more than half a day, a sizable village finally came into view. The village is built against the mountain, surrounded by high walls made of huge black stones. There were also some defensive runes that shimmerred with a faint light engraved on the wall. It looks heavily guarded. This is Shadow Puppet Village. In Yune's return caused quite a stir in the village. When the villagers learned that their captain, Razer, had tragically died and that only three members of the trial team had returned. The entire village was shrouded in a sorrowful and somber atmosphere. However, when they learned from Inyun that it was Lan Yu who had dealt with the two terrifying shadow demons and saved them. The villagers looked at Lan Yu with heartfelt gratitude and awe. The village chief, an elderly man with gray hair, but a spritly spirit personally greeted Lanu. After expressing his sincere gratitude, he immediately arranged for Lanu to rest in the best and quietest courtyard in the village. Lanu didn't stand on ceremony either. After these past few days of travel and fighting, he really needed a place to properly adjust his condition. However, he had only been sitting in the room for less than half an hour. A sudden burst of noisy arguing came from outside the courtyard. Village chief, what do you mean by this? A rough, angry voice rang out from outside the courtyard. We kindly lent you our people from Black Rock Village to participate in the trials. Now that someone's dead inside, not only have you not offered a decent explanation, but you're even trying to unilaterally break our agreement. Immediately afterwards, the village elers old but powerful voice rang out. Bald Shiang, stop spouting nonsense. Ray Eyes was too weak and died in the trial, almost causing the deaths of everyone else in our village as well. And now you still have the nerve to come to our village and demand an explanation. Lanu sat in his room listening to the argument outside, his brows furrowing slightly. Black Rockck Village. It sounds like the force that provided external assistance to Shadow Puppet Village. Now that their men are dead, the deal is off. This group of people looks like they've come here demanding an explanation. Sure enough, trouble came knocking. The commotion outside is getting louder and louder. Soon, a series of hurried footsteps rushed toward the courtyard where he was. What are you trying to do? You can't go in. In Yunes urgent and angry shouts came from the courtyard gate. However, her attempts to stop her were clearly ineffective. Boom! A loud bang! The already flimsy wooden door to the yard was kicked into pieces from the outside. Immediately afterwards, ShadowClan men, who looked menacing, stormed in. The leader was a burly, middle-aged man with a shaved head. He had a hideous scar on his face that stretched from the corner of his eye to the corner of his mouth. It made him look fierce. He must be the bald-headed Shiong the village chief was talking about. Soon as the bald man barged in, his menacing eyes locked onto the calm and collected blue-haired youth in the room. He looked lonu up and down, his eyes filled with disdain. Huh? I thought he was some kind of three-headed six-armed being. So, all he is is this frail blue-haired kid. Village chief, are you getting scenile? He thinks he can take your shadow puppet villages place in the tribal competition. They'll probably collapse from exhaustion on the way to the competition venue. His undisguised sarcasm drew a burst of laughter from the burly men of Black Rock Village behind him. Just then, Ingy rushed in from outside, her face full of anger. She stood in front of Lan Yu, glaring angrily at the bald man. Bald Xang, I'm warning you. You are not allowed to be disrespectful to Lord Lanu. It was your Black Rock village people who were useless and died in the trial. Who can you blame? Now that our shadow puppet village has a new priestly elder, how could I possibly trust and use your people again? Bald Xangs expression remained unchanged upon hearing this. He shrugged, looking like a dead pig that wasn't afraid of boiling water. Ning Yun, you can't say that. The LZ we sent last time was just a newcomer from our village. His lack of experience led to his death in the trial, which was indeed a shortcoming on our part. Therefore, to express our apologies and in order for both of us to continue our cooperation. This time, I've specially brought our Black Rock villages true card. As he spoke, Bald Shiong patted a young man next to him who kept his head down and wore a large cloak that obscured his face. His name is Emo, and he's one of the top 10 strongest fighters in our Black Rock stronghold. His strength has reached the peak of the six-star level. With him in charge, this competition is absolutely foolproof. After saying that, he turned his oppressive gaze to Lan Yu. And don't forget about Ning Yun. There are prerequisites for becoming a priestly elder and representing the village in the competition. That means we must first pass the trial of the valley of oblivion. Even our carefully trained razor died inside. He looked at Lanu, his disdain evident on his face. Do you think this skinny blue-haired kid can pass the trial? Chapter 234. What? You want to try it with me, too? However, what none of them expected was hearing Lelay Kuan's words, Ingan's face did not waver in the slightest. Instead, he revealed a cold smile that was almost pitying. Who told you he failed the trial? That shadow fiend who killed your henchman razor. He was personally killed by Lord Lan Yu. These words were spoken. The entire courtyard fell into a deathly silence in an instant. The smile on Bald X's face suddenly froze. He slowly turned his head, his eyes filled with disbelief, falling once again on Lanu. Just just him. In Yun ignored him and simply repeated coldly. Therefore, our shadow puppet village already has a priestly elder. You can take your people and get out. Bald Xangs expression shifted unpredictably. He didn't say anything more. He gave Lanu a deep look, then gave a subtle wink to the cloaked man beside him, who remained silent. The cloaked man named Emo instantly understood. The next moment, his figure suddenly vanished from the spot just as the cloaked man emo disappeared. A violent and powerful aura of shadow energy suddenly erupted. Everyone present felt a blur before their eyes. When he looked again, the cloaked man was already standing in front of Lanu. His wide cloak was billowed by the wind as he moved rapidly. His face, calm yet filled with indifference, was revealed. He now held a massive Warhammer that seemed completely out of place with his thin frame. The Warhammer was made entirely of black metal, covered with jagged spikes, and exuded a chillingly fierce aura. He raised the giant hammer high, and the shadow energy within his body surged wildly into the Warhammer. The massive Warhammer was instantly enveloped in a thick layer of earthy yellow energy. Then, with terrifying force like splitting mountains and shattering rocks, it slammed down hard onto Lonu's head. This hammer blow was powerful and heavy and as fast as thunder. "Stop!" Ingun let out a terrified scream. She never expected that the people from Black Rockck Village would be so audacious as to directly attack Lawn on their shadow puppet villages territory. However, it was too late for her to stop her. The bald man blocked her path. His expression remained unchanged. Ning Yun, don't be nervous. I simply asked Mo to test the waters and see how capable this new high priest is to prevent you from being deceived by him. After all, seeing is believing. Hearing is believing. Boom! A deafening roar echoed throughout the entire courtyard. The enormous Warhammer slammed solidly into the ground. The entire courtyard seemed to tremble violently under this terrifying blow. The violent energy shockwave mixed with countless fragments of rock and dust spread wildly in all directions. Ingun, the village chief, and the others were blown backward by the shock wave, their faces filled with horror and despair. It's over, Master Lu. However, the smoke and dust slowly dissipated. A huge pit more than 3 m in diameter and bottomless appeared on the ground of the yard. As for the cloaked man, Mo, he stood quietly at the edge of the pit, still in the position of swinging his hammer. However, what puzzled everyone was. The mangled corpse they had expected was not found in that huge crater. There wasn't even a trace of blood. Lanu's figure vanished as if it had evaporated into thin air. Where are they? Bald. Shiang and his men were all takenback. Could it be? Could it be that it was blasted into dust? Just as this thought arose in their minds, an astonishing scene unfolded. Emo remained motionless in his hammer wielding stance. A thin, almost negligible line of blood suddenly appeared on his neck. Immediately afterwards, the line of blood began to expand rapidly. It was accompanied by a soft sound. His head, still bearing a hint of surprise and bewilderment, slowly slid off his neck. Thud and rolled a long way. Blood gushed out like a fountain from his headless neck. The headless corpse stood frozen in place for a moment. Then, with a thud, he fell straight to the ground. There was no more sound. Everyone was stunned. Dead. Mo, whose strength had reached the peak of the six star and who was ranked among the top 10 in Black Rock Village. He just died like that. How did he die? When did he die? No one even saw clearly what happened. Just as bald Shiong was caught in a huge shock and fear due to this sudden change and was still unable to react. A chilling voice seemingly emanating from the deepest hell suddenly rang out behind him. He has already tried it. Wouldn't you like to try it yourself? Bald Shongs body suddenly stiffened. It was as if all the blood in his body had frozen at that moment. He slowly turned his head with an almost mechanical stiff movement. There stood the blue-haired youth who should have been smashed into a pulp. She had silently appeared behind him without him noticing. His face remained expressionless and indifferent. The jet black long sword in his hand had been drawn at some point. The sword, which gleamed with a chilling deathly light in the afterglow of the setting sun. He was less than half a meter away from Lanu. He could even clearly feel the chilling killing intent emanating from Lanu. A wave of intense shock and fear instantly overwhelmed him. He finally calmed down. No, it should be said that they were so frightened that they calmed down completely. The ferocity and cruelty on his face vanished instantly. Instead, he wore a kind smile that looked even worse than crying. Misunderstanding. Misunderstanding. This This is all a misunderstanding. As he spoke, he carefully took out a highquality looking arm guard from his pocket. Then he respectfully presented it to Lanu with both hands. And my lord, your strength is truly remarkable. As your reputation suggests, we were blind to your greatness just now and were very offensive. Please forgive us this time. This Black Rockck arm guard is a specialty of our Black Rock village. Consider it an apology to you. Lu glanced at the arm guard, then at the bald man's face, which was filled with fear and flattery. Lu did not choose to make another move. After all, this is the territory of the seven kings. If we were to carry out a massacre here, it would be bad if the king found out. He slowly reached out and took the arm guard. After doing all this, Bald X didn't dare to linger for a moment and let out a low growl at his equally terrified subordinates behind him. Go, go quickly. After saying that, he turned around and fled Shadow Puppet Village in a disheveled state with his men without looking back. Chapter 235. Don't miss out. In the courtyard carried the stench of blood brushing against everyone's cheeks. Bald Shiong and his group of strong men from Black Rock Village. They practically scrambled away from shadow puppet village. Their disheveled state a far cry from their earlier arrogance. Lanu watched calmly without moving or stopping him. Are you just going to let them go like that? Nidhogs voice echoed in his mind, tinged with amusement. This is not like you. I thought you would nip all the trouble in the bud. Lanu responded in his mind, his tone calm. This is the shadow realm, and it is the territory of the seven kings. It's a completely unfamiliar environment for me. Before I figure out what's going on here, it's wiser to keep a low profile than to make enemies everywhere. If we really start a massacre here and leave all the people of Black Rockck Village alive and things get out of hand, it will attract the attention of that knowledgeable king, which will be a bad thing for him. Since Bald X has already backed down and given them a way out, he went along with it, too lazy to cause any more trouble. Only when their figures completely disappeared at the village entrance did the people of Shadow Puppet Village wake up as if from a dream and let out a long sigh of relief. The huge weight that had been pressing on my heart has finally been lifted, at least temporarily. The village chief and Ingun looked at the blue-haired youth who was still standing in the center of the courtyard with complicated expressions. He held the strangely shaped black sword in his hand, his expression indifferent. It was as if he had just casually crushed a clueless insect rather than instantly killing a six-star powerhouse. Lord Lanu, the village chief's aged voice trembled slightly. He wanted to say something to express his gratitude, but when the words reached his lips, he didn't know how to begin. Faced with such an unfathomable powerhouse, any words seemed pale and powerless, Lanu slowly sheathed the Hegny sword. He glanced at the trophy in his hand, a piece of loot called Black Rock arm guards. The arm guards were made of an unknown black metal and felt heavy in the hand. It was engraved with some rough runes and emitted a faint energy fluctuation, making it a decent quality shadow artifact. He casually put away the arm guard and glanced at the shadow puppet village members present. He will never come back. Lan Yus voice rang out calmly, as if stating a fact, at least not in the short term. Hearing Lan Yus words, the village chief and Ning Yun and the others finally breathed a sigh of relief. The village chief along with a group of villagers bowed deeply to Lanu. His tone was filled with heartfelt gratitude and reverence. "Thank you so much, Lord Lu, for your help. If it weren't for your presence, my shadow puppet village would probably be in grave danger today. Alas, it was nothing," Lanu replied casually. "He wasn't helping Shadow Puppet Village. He was just dealing with his own problems. After all, the other party came for him." The village chief said respectfully. Sir, you must be tired from your journey. Please go back to the courtyard and rest. We have prepared a banquet to welcome you back, sir. Lanu nodded and did not refuse. He really needed a quiet place to process the information he had gathered that day. As Ingun watched Lan Yu turn and walk back into the courtyard, an unusual light flickered in her amethystike eyes. The shock she experienced today was truly immense. From escaping death in the Valley of Oblivion to the exposure of Husanne's conspiracy and then to the provocation from Black Rockck Village. Each and every one of these incidents was enough to plunge this small village into an abyss of no return. And each time it was this blue-haired young man who looked only a few years older than her. With an unimaginable, overwhelming force, they easily resolved all the crises. Who exactly is he? Just how far has his unfathomable strength reached? In Yune was filled with questions and curiosity, but even more so with a sense of inexplicable peace of mind. With him around, even the biggest troubles no longer seem like troubles. As night fell, bonfires were lit in Shadow Puppet Village. The villagers brought out their treasured food and wine and held a grand banquet. This is not only to celebrate the safe return of Ingun and the others, but also to express the highest gratitude to Lanu. Lanu was seated in the main seat with the village chief and Ingy Yun accompanying him. The villagers were warm and hospitable and people kept coming up to toast Lu, their words filled with gratitude. Lu wasn't particularly interested in the lively scene, but he didn't refuse everyone's good intentions either, only taking a small part of it. The banquet lasted until late at night before gradually dispersing. Lan Yu returned alone to the courtyard prepared for him, followed by Ing Yun and the village chief. Lord Lan Yu, I thank you again for today's matter," the village chief said solemnly. Lyu sat on the stone bench and looked at him. "You're welcome." Regarding the tribal competition, when exactly is it taking place, "And where will it be held?" He hadn't forgotten his purpose in coming here. Obtaining the dark crystal was what he cared about most. Upon hearing this, the village chief's expression turned serious. The competition will be held in half a month in the great stone city in the eastern part of the king's territory. Metal City. Wanu repeated the name. The village chief nodded, a hint of worry on his face. Yes, that's the largest city in our area and also the trading center for nearly a 100 surrounding villages and hamlets. The tribal competition held every 5 years is hosted by the Lord's Mansion of Giant Stone City. Lanu then asked some questions about the tribal competition. This includes the competition rules and procedures as well as information on some strong villages from previous years. From the village chief's account, he gained a general understanding of the competition. This competition was less a contest between villages. It was more like a game orchestrated by a knowledgeable monarch, a review of the strength of various factions within one's territory, and a redistribution of resources. The contest was not about life or death, but the learned king strictly forbade any killing blows, which reassured him quite a bit. That evening, Lu returned to his room. He then focused his attention on the black rock armuard that Baldi Shong had offered as an apology. It was a completely black armuard crafted from some unknown hard rock. It was heavy in the hand with ancient runes engraved on its surface, radiating a powerful aura. Lanu infused a wisp of shadow energy into it, and the runes on the arm guard instantly lit up with a pale yellow energy shield appearing on his arm. For an average six-star shadowmaster, it's a decent defensive shadow weapon. But it was far inferior to the guardian's heart that the director of the administration bureau had given him. After all, that mythical relic could defend against attacks from shadow masters two stars higher than himself. This arm guard is naturally inferior. Although it's not very useful to him, it's free, so why not take it? He put away his arm guards, sat cross-legged on the bed, closed his eyes to rest, and adjust his state. He needs to get a good rest tonight. Chapter 236. I finally found you. The next morning, as the first rays of grayish white light shone into the room through the window, Wanu opened his eyes. After a night's rest, his mental state has returned to its best. After a quick wash, he pushed open the door and walked out of the yard. The village chief and Ingy Yun seemed to have been waiting outside for some time. Upon seeing Lanu emerge, the two immediately went to greet him. Lord Lan Yu, did you rest well? the village chief asked respectfully, his attitude even more humble than yesterday. Wana nodded. Village chief, could you please take me to the nearest city today? He asked bluntly. In yesterday's conversation, he learned that Shadow Puppet Village was located in a remote area. The village only has a map of this small area. There is indeed no complete map of the entire monarchy. Shadow Puppet Village is over. He wants to leave. We can't just wander around aimlessly. So he decided to go to the nearest city where there are more people and he should be able to gather information about the map. The village chief nodded in agreement and asked in Yun to be Lu's guide. The two set off quickly. About half a day later, as the silhouette of a majestic city built of massive black rocks appeared on the distant horizon, In Yun pointed ahead and said excitedly, "Lord Lan Yu, we've arrived. That's Giant Stone City." As they drew closer, the entire cityscape became increasingly clear to Lan Yu. However, the scene before him caused a hint of surprise to appear in Lanus eyes. He had assumed it would be a rugged tribe full of primitive and wild atmosphere. But the reality was completely beyond his expectations. The towering buildings are not simply made of piled up rocks. Instead, it is made of a black material with a metallic sheen with straight lines and sharp angles. wide flat streets crisscrossed between the buildings, bustling with people and vehicles. Even on the exterior walls of some tall buildings, a huge screen made of luminous crystals was also hanging there, displaying advertisements and information that Lan Yu couldn't understand. This This is hardly a tribal city. This is clearly a modern metropolis. We're like Ingun beside him with black lines covering his skin. Lu almost thought he had returned to the human world. surprised. Looking at Lan Yus expression, Ingy Yan seemed to have anticipated his reaction and covered her mouth with a soft laugh. She explained, "When I first came here, I was just as startled as you were. These are all the masterpieces of his majesty, the learned king. It is said that his majesty has traveled to countless worlds. Having witnessed various civilizations, he believed that urban planning in the human world was the most efficient and convenient. So, he brought this model to his own territory. Upon hearing this, Lanu felt a renewed sense of curiosity about the learned monarch he had never met. The two entered the city of giant stones. There were guards and standard armor at the city gate, but the checks were not very strict. They only charged a few shadow crystals as a token entrance fee before letting them pass. Shadow crystals are the unified currency in this royal territory. When Lanu killed Hon, he also took a lot from the man. As they entered the city, they heard Lan Yu say that he wanted to gather map information about this area. Ingun then suggested that she knew an intelligence dealer. It should be able to meet Lan Yus needs. As Ingun led the way, she whispered to Lan Yu. That intelligence merchant is in the dark alley in the south of the city, which is one of the most chaotic areas in Boulder City. Many shady deals are made there. However, that's precisely why their intelligence is the most readily available. No news, big or small, from the entire stone city and even the surrounding territories can escape their ears. Lanu nodded and followed Ing Yun through several bustling streets before turning into a dark and narrow alley. The light in the alley dimmed instantly. The air was filled with a damp smell, a mixture of alcohol and cheap spices. This is the dark alley. The dark alley and the bustling streets outside seemed like two completely different worlds. The walls were covered in messy graffiti, and there were unidentified stains everywhere on the floor. Some raggedly dressed Shadow Clan members leaned against the corner of the wall, their murky and numb eyes scrutinizing every passer by. The air seemed to be filled with an atmosphere of danger and depravity. In Yune subconsciously moved closer to Lanu, clearly feeling somewhat uneasy about the environment. Lanu remained calm, having activated his sixth sense. Every rustling sound and movement within a hundred meters of him was clearly presented in his mind. He sensed all those malicious glances lurking in the shadows. However, it seemed that she sensed the faint yet unsettling aura emanating from Lan Yu. Those thugs and hooligans didn't foolishly come up to cause trouble. Bying Yune, the two walked through the intricate alleyways for more than 10 minutes. Finally, it stopped in front of an inconspicuous underground entrance with a tattered wooden sign hanging on it. The wooden sign reads sinking bar in crooked handwriting. Ingun pointed to the entrance and said, "This is it. That intelligence dealer whose name is Skinny Monkey spends most of his time in this bar." Lanu glanced at the dark entrance, nodded, and went down first. As you descend the damp steps, an even stronger smell of alcohol and loud music assault your senses. The bar's interior was larger than I had imagined with dim lighting and a smoky atmosphere. All sorts of people from the film industry crowded in there, some drinking alone at the bar. Some were talking and laughing loudly in the booths, while others were swaying their bodies to the frenetic music in the center of the dance floor. This is a place where desire and information converge. Lanus gaze swept quickly around the bar. Soon, Ingy tugged at his sleeve and pointed to a spot in the corner of the bar. Sarah, look, that's Skinny Monkey. Lanu looked in the direction she pointed and saw a slender man with a goatee. A shifty looking young man was sitting at the bar boasting to the bartender. His face had several conspicuous pock marks which made him look more comical and easier for people to remember. Lanu understood and was about to lead Ingion over. However, at that moment, a sudden change has occurred. Damn it, I finally found you, Skinny Monkey. A harsh, angry shout suddenly rang out in the noisy bar. Immediately afterwards, seven or eight burly ShadowClan men with fierce expressions appeared. They stormed in from the bar entrance and surrounded the corner of the bar counter. The music in the bar suddenly stopped and everyone's attention was drawn to this unexpected turn of events. The skinny monkey who was originally spitting as he spoke. The moment he saw this group of people, the smug smile on his face froze, turning deathly pale. He was like he had springs in his buttocks. He suddenly jumped off the bar stool and turned to sneak out the back door of the bar. Chapter 237. Can we bury it later? However, the skinny monkey was no match for this group of well-prepared people. A burly man darted forward and grabbed him by the back of his collar with his large fanlike hand. They lifted him up like a chick. The man in the lead stepped forward. Run. Go ahead and run again. He was of medium build and had a menacing black scorpion tattooed on his neck. His aura was steady, his eyes sharp, and his temples slightly bulging. He was clearly a shadow master of considerable skill. The skinny monkey, suspended in midair, kicked its legs wildly, forcing a smile that looked more like a grimace onto its face, its voice trembling. "Brother Lelay, Brother Lelay, it's a misunderstanding. It's all a misunderstanding." Called Brother Lay sneered. "Misunderstand? The false information you sold us caused our brothers to perish in the Valley of Oblivion. And you're telling me it was a misunderstanding?" The skinny monkey is still trying to argue. I I didn't know it would turn out like that. The situation in the Valley of Oblivion is always unpredictable. Who can guarantee 100% accuracy? Brother Lelay clearly had little patience for his explanation and waved his hand at his subordinates. Stop talking nonsense. Take him away, find a place, and have a proper talk with him. Yes, boss. Two burly men immediately stepped forward, grabbed the skinny guy on either side, and tried to drag him out of the bar. Help! Murder! Is anyone going to help? The skinny monkey let out a pig-like scream, struggled desperately, and cast pleading glances at the surrounding drinkers. However, everyone in the bar just watched this scene indifferently. Some people even had gloating expressions on their faces. In places like dark alleys, the drama of thieves killing thieves plays out every day. No one would risk offending a group of seemingly intimidating individuals for the sake of an unrelated information broker. It looked like Skinny Monkey was about to be dragged out of the bar. Lu frowned. This is really troublesome. He looked at Ingun beside him and asked, "Are there any other intelligence brokers?" He clearly didn't want to get involved in this mess. Ingun paused for a moment, then shook her head with a bitter expression. There are only a few well-known intelligence dealers in Boulder City, but he is the most trustworthy and well-informed. I don't know any of the others." Upon hearing this, Lu sides softly to himself. "It seems we have no choice but to wade into these muddy waters." He stroed towards the group of burly men and blocked their path. The four burly men who were dragging the person were stopped in their tracks. Unfriendly gazes were all cast at Lanu. Lanu ignored their fierce glares, even sporting a polite smile, and said, "Excuse me, everyone. I have something to discuss with this gentleman. Could you please allow me to speak with him for a few minutes first? How about you bury it after we finished talking?" Lu's tone was very polite, and his request didn't seem unreasonable. However, those menacing ShadowClan men clearly had no intention of making any concessions. At the head of the group, known as Brother Lei, looked Lonnu up and down, his eyes filled with contempt and impatience. The burly man with the scorpion tattoo spoke in a rough horse voice thick with the smell of gunpowder. Who do you think you are? How dare you meddle in the affairs of our claw society? We also need to talk to him about something, something very important, so we won't give it to him. He stretched out his thick finger, pointed to the door, grinned, revealing a mouthful of yellow teeth, and his smile was cruel. Kid, if you really need something from him, I'll show you the way. Wait a minute. We'll bury him in the mass grave 10 mi west of the city. The pit has already been dug. If you don't mind the trouble, you can go over and dig him out yourself later. You can talk to him for as long as you want, and we promise not to disturb you." Upon hearing this, the mustachioed intelligence broker who was being held hostage by them. Terrified, she screamed even louder. Brother, hero, spare my life. I have an 80-year-old mother and a three-year-old child to support. My whole family depends on me for survival. You can't bury me. He saw Lonu blocking his way as if he had grasped at the last straw. He frantically winked and gestured at him, shouting with all his might, "Brother, hero, save me. If you save me, I'll do whatever you need from me." Lan Yu ignored the intelligence dealer's wailing and his gaze remained calmly fixed on the face of the burly man with the scorpion tattoo. So there's no room for negotiation. The burly man with the scorpion tattoo burst into laughter as if he had heard the funniest joke ever. Discuss. Kid, are you still half asleep? I'm saying this one last time. Get the hell out of my way. Otherwise, we'll tie you up too and send you to the mass grave to keep him company. His three accompllices behind him also burst into laughter. He rubbed his hands together, looking at Lanu as if he were looking at a prey that knew no bounds. The atmosphere in the bar instantly became tense. The surrounding patrons cast gloating glances, and some even began to whisper among themselves. Who is this kid? He looks unfamiliar, yet he dares to mess with the claw society. Probably a greenhorn from out of town, unaware of Claw's reputation in the South City. What a pity. He's quite good-looking. He's probably going to get beaten up so badly that even his parents wouldn't recognize him. Ingun stood behind Lan Yu, her hand already on the short blade at her waist, her purple eyes filled with vigilance and seriousness. She knew the claws motus operandi. These people were a bunch of unreasonable thugs. However, Lu remained blocking the road, showing no intention of moving aside. The burly man with the scorpion tattoos face darkened completely. His smile vanished and replaced by a ferocious killing intent. What's wrong, brother? Can't get it from us? You really want to steal our people? He took a step forward and the stone slabs beneath his feet seemed to tremble. An oppressive aura belonging to a six-star shadow master swept over Lanu. Lanu shook his head helplessly in his heart. Clang. A clear, resonant sword cry suddenly rang out in the noisy bar. instantly drowning out all the commotion. A streak of dark golden light drew a graceful arc in the dim light. The sword of Hegny is now in my hand. The moment this artifact, known as the cursed sword, appeared in Lanu's hands. An indescribable, cold, and ancient aura instantly spread out. It was a kind of oppressive aura that seemed to come from the age of mythology, carrying the sharpness and aloofness of slaying gods and demons. The once noisy bar became eerily quiet. Everyone's attention was drawn to the sword in Lanus hand. The sword's design was not ornate. In fact, it could be described as somewhat plain, but it was this very sword that sent a chill down everyone's spine, especially the four who would face the sword's claws headon. The moment Lu drew his sword, they felt as if they were being targeted by a primordial beast from the abyss. Intelligence broker chapter 238 died under unexplained. The chilling killing intent made the hairs on their bodies stand on end, and their blood almost froze. The ferocity and arrogance on the burly man's face with the scorpion tattoo instantly froze, replaced by horror and terror. He could feel that his proud six-star shadow master aura was like a speck of dust in a storm in front of his opponent. Ridiculously insignificant. He even had the illusion that if the other party wanted, they could easily kill him like cutting tofu at any time. What kind of monster is this? No, that's not right. It's that sword. The burly man with the scorpion tattoo stared intently at the sword of Hegny, his pupils shrinking to the size of pinpoints. Although he didn't recognize the sword, he could clearly feel that the terrifying aura that made his heart tremble originated from the sword itself. This is definitely not an ordinary item. His three henchmen behind him were so frightened that their faces turned pale, their legs went weak, and even the hands holding their weapons were trembling uncontrollably. Just then, someone they never expected slowly emerged from the shadows of the bar. He was a handsome man wearing a black trench coat, but with a faint scar on his left eyebrow. His steps were steady, his eyes sharp, and he exuded a powerful aura far surpassing that of the burly man with the scorpion tattoo. The leader of the claw gang. Upon seeing this man, the burly man with the scorpion tattoo looked as if he had seen a savior and immediately greeted him respectfully. It turns out that he was just a small leader, the man known as the Claw Society, was the real boss of the Claw Society. Claw ignored his subordinates. His gaze remained fixed on Lan Yu and the Hegny sword in his hand from beginning to end. His eyes were far more complex than those of the burly man with the scorpion tattoo. There was semnity, there was apprehension, but more than anything, there was a deep sense of astonishment and doubt. He walked step by step to Lanu and stopped 3 m away. The air in the bars seemed to freeze. Everyone held their breath, awaiting an impending bloody battle. However, the claw's next move surprised everyone. He gave Lu a deep look. Then he glanced at the Hegny sword in his hand, and the faint scar on his eyebrow twitched slightly. Suddenly, he spoke coldly to his subordinates. "Release them!" Huh, "Boss!" the burly man with the scorpion tattoo was stunned, looking completely puzzled. "I told you to release them." The Claw Society's voice rose a few decibels, carrying an unquestionable authority. Yes. Yes. Although the burly man with the scorpion tattoo was full of doubts, he dared not disobey his boss's orders and quickly released his grip on the mustachioed intelligence merchant. The intelligence broker, now free, scrambled to hide behind Lanu, staring at the claw society in shock. Claw didn't look at him again, but instead spoke slowly and deliberately to Lu. Take this person with you. Let's pretend today's events never happened. After saying that, he even nodded slightly to Lanu as if to express a gesture of reconciliation. Then, ignoring the shocked and puzzled looks of his men, he turned and walked out of the bar. Let's go. The Claw Society members arrived with great fanfare, but left swiftly and decisively, even appearing somewhat disheveled. The entire bar fell into a deathly silence. Everyone was stunned. What's so special about this? The leader of the claw gang. The claw gang is a big shot in this area. Known for being ruthless. When did she become so easy to talk to? Cult. The oppressive atmosphere dissipated, and everyone breathed a sigh of relief. Then, with a complex gaze mixed with awe, curiosity, and fear. He looked at the blue-haired youth who had remained indifferent throughout. Although they didn't know exactly what had just happened, they all understood what had happened. It was this young man who, merely by grasping the sword hilt, terrified Claw Club, the once arrogant Claw Club member, into fleeing in panic. This blue-haired youth is definitely a terrifying presence that you shouldn't mess with. The people in the bar dared not linger any longer, paid their bills, and hurriedly left. They were afraid of accidentally offending this great master. Soon, the once noisy bar became empty. Only Lan Yu, Ing Yun, and the intelligence merchant named Skinny Monkey remained, and the bartender, trembling with fear, hiding behind the bar. Lanu released his grip on the Hegmi sword. That chilling, terrifying aura vanished without a trace. He turned around and looked at the skinny monkey hiding behind him, still peeking out. "Now, can we talk?" Claw, leading a group of dejected henchmen, strode out of the dark alley and back onto the wide, bright streets outside. Only when he felt the warm sunlight on his body did his wildly beating heart calm down a little. The burly man with the scorpion tattoo finally couldn't hold back any longer and asked his face full of frustration. Boss, what exactly happened? Just let him go like that. That information broker called Skinny Monkey. It was because of the rubbish he sold that brother who and the others died in Forgotten Valley. It turns out that the group that ambushed Lon Yu and his companions in the Valley of Oblivion was the same people who had been lying in weight. He was also one of Claw's henchmen. They had heard information from the skinny monkey and were certain that all the trial participants would die in the valley of Oblivion. That's why Hon was allowed to lead his men to ambush and pick off any stragglers. Unexpectedly, instead of finding a bargain, everyone died. That's why they came to the skinny monkey today to demand an explanation. But what happened today was just too humiliating. When someone tried to snatch someone from his face, the leader not only didn't fight back, but also apologized humbly and finally slunk away. Shut up, all of you. Claw suddenly stopped and turned around to shout angrily. He was extremely agitated at that moment. His men were startled by his roar and fell silent, not daring to say another word. Claw looked around at his brothers, whose brains were all muscles. Taking a deep breath, suppressing his anger, he said in a low voice, "You know nothing. Do you even know what that guy was holding?" The group looked at each other and shook their heads. A mythical relic. Claw spat out the words through clenched teeth. "What?" Upon hearing this, everyone gasped, their faces showing the same shock and horror as Claw had shown before. "Hey, mythological relic, boss, you. You're not mistaken, are you?" One of his men stammered. Claw said irritably. I've spent a few years working for some big shots in the city lord's mansion, so I've got some discernment. The aura emanating from that sword is absolutely unmistakable. It's a kind of suppression that originates from the soul. Apart from legendary mythical relics, I can't think of anything else that could do that. After receiving an affirmative answer, everyone fell silent. Even the most foolish among them understand what it means to possess a mythical relic. They must either be extremely powerful or have a powerful background. In any case, neither of them are people they can afford to mess with. No wonder. No wonder that kid was so calm from beginning to end. Damn. So, he was a cunning character who was pretending to be weak. Luckily, you reacted quickly, boss. Otherwise, we would be. Claw exhaled a smoke ring, and amidst the swirling smoke, his gaze grew increasingly solemn. All I can tell you is that person is dangerous. He paused, then continued. Moreover, Husan just died in the valley of oblivion, and his death was shrouded in mystery. At this critical juncture, we cannot afford to create any further complications. We must proceed with caution until we have thoroughly investigated the cause of Husians death. Chapter 239. Even if you take it for free, I won't say a word. Upon hearing the name Husan, the morale of several of his men plummeted. Although Hon is Claw's younger brother, he has a pretty good relationship with his brothers. Boss, what about boss who shan's grudge? A ruthless glint flashed in Claw's eyes, "Of course, revenge must be taken. But not now, and not in such a foolish way." He stubbed out his cigarette, threw it on the ground, crushed it with his foot, and said in a deep voice, "Before who?" Shawn and the others set off. I secretly put a shadow fly on each of them, "That thing was very well hidden. Even they themselves didn't notice it." A shadow fly? The men were all taken aback. Hu Yao nodded, a barely perceptible hint of smuggness appearing on his face. That's a little gadget I bought from a mysterious shadow magician for a high price. It can attach itself to a person like a shadow and record what the host sees in the last moments before death. Moreover, unless it is a special detection spell, even the host himself will not be able to detect its existence. I have already sent people to the Valley of Oblivion to retrieve those shadow flies. If we get them back, we'll know exactly how Husan died. A dangerous glint flashed in Hu Yaos eyes. Well discuss the rest after we've determined the cause of Husians death. At the same time, inside the sinking bar, Lan Yu looked at the skinny monkey in front of him, who was bowing and scraping with a fawning expression and sat back down in his booth without any emotion. In Yune followed cautiously and sat down beside her, barely daring to breathe. Her awe of Lan Yu has now reached a new level. The skinny monkey rubbed his hands together, then came closer, his face plastered with a fawning smile. Sir, sir, what? What do you want to know? As long as it's something I Skinny Monkey, no, I'll tell you everything I know. He now sees Lanu as if he were seeing his own second parents. Lu got straight to the point. I need a map. The most comprehensive map containing the entire territory of the learned king. Upon hearing this, the skinny monkeyy's eyes lit up and he immediately patted his chest and assured him map. Hey, I thought it was something important. You've come to the right person. To tell you the truth, in the entire Stone City, when it comes to the comprehensiveness and accuracy of maps, if I, Skinny Monkey, claim to be second, no one dares to claim to be first. As he spoke, he pulled out an old looking parchment scroll from a worn out leather pouch in his pocket. My lord, look. This is it. This is my most treasured possession. It not only contains maps of all the explored areas within the territory of the learned monarch, but also marks major cities, villages, dangerous areas, and even some unknown entrances to secret realms. He slowly unrolled the sheepkin on the table, a smug look on his face. Wanu glanced at it. The map was indeed drawn with great detail. "Name your price," Wanu said calmly. Upon hearing this, the skinny monkeykey's eyes darted around and his shrewd businessman instincts kicked in again. He held up one finger and said tentatively, "My lord, as you can see, this is a unique and precious item and and you just saved my life. For the sake of this favor, I'll give you a 50% discount. How about I'll just say 10,000 shadow crystals." After he finished speaking, he carefully observed Lanu's expression. 10,000 shadow crystals is an absolute fortune for an ordinary Shadow clan member. He was indeed asking for an exorbitant sum intending to fleece Lu. After all, in his opinion, a powerful and generous adult like Lanu wouldn't care about such a small amount of money. However, he miscalculated 10,000 shadow crystals. Lan Yus face remained expressionless upon hearing the price. He simply picked up a glass of unidentified wine from the table and took a small sip. The wine had a spicy taste that went straight to the throat. He put down his wine glass, looked at the expectant-l lookinging skinny monkey, and slowly extended his finger. One. The skinny monkey was delighted to see this. 10,000 it is. This gentleman is indeed generous. It seems I quoted too low. I should have asked for 20,000. His smile grew even brighter, and he was about to close the deal. However, Lan Yus next words instantly froze the smile on his face. 100 shadow crystals. Lan Yus voice wasn't loud, but every word was like a heavy hammer blow, striking the skinny monkeys heart hard. The skinny monkey thought he had misheard. He picked at his ear and stammered. "How much?" Lanu calmly repeated. "100." The skinny monkeys eyes nearly popped out of their sockets, and his voice instantly rose eight octaves. 1 100. Sir, you're not joking, are you? I'm really He meant to say that this was a unique treasured possession of mine. But when he looked into lawn used deep all-seeing eyes, he swallowed the words back down. He has seen people haggle and he has also seen people cut prices in half. Before they were chopping him off headon, this is hardly bargaining. How is this any different from robbery? The skinny monkey had a mournful face looking like he was about to cry. My lord, this this price can't even buy the parchment of a map. I I really 100 shadow crystals aren't even enough to cover the cost of this parchment scroll. Lanu looked at him but felt nothing. He put down his wine glass, leaned forward slightly, and said in a soft voice that only the two of them could hear. You don't have to agree. Of course, in that case, I will pack you up immediately, and personally deliver you to those claw society members. I think they would be happy to risk your life to be my friend." Lan Yus tone was very calm, as if he were talking about a trivial matter. But to the skinny monkey, it sounded no less like the whispers of a demon from the deepest hell. The skinny monkeyy's body suddenly stiffened. It was as if all the blood in his body had frozen at that moment. He had no doubt that the seemingly harmless young man in front of him could do what he said. Intense fear overwhelmed him instantly like a tidal wave. The grievance and resentment on his face vanished instantly. Instead, there was a deep-seated fear and a sense of pragmatism. Even if this pragmatism is forced upon them, "Make a deal." He practically yelled those two words, afraid that if he spoke even half a second slower, he would actually be packed up and sent away. On the skinny monkeykey's face, that fawning smile, more hideous than a grimace, was once again forced forth. 100 it is. You decide, sir. Even if you take it for free, I won't say a word. Chapter 2 42 sevenstar Lord Level Powerhouses. He quickly pulled out 100 black shadow crystals from his pocket. Then with utmost respect, he pushed them along with the map scroll in front of Lanu. My lord, here are your 100 shadow crystals. Please keep the map safe. Consider it my tribute to you. This move stunning Yun, who was standing nearby. Are there places that not only sell things for free, but also give money to the buyer? She felt that her world view had been refreshed once again. Lanu glanced at the shadow crystal on the table, but didn't take it. He simply put the map away. For him, it makes no difference whether it's 100 or 10,000. He simply doesn't like being taken advantage of. After doing all this, Lanu stood up and prepared to leave. The skinny monkey felt as if he had been granted a pardon and hurriedly nodded and bowed, preparing to see him off respectfully. However, Lanu had only taken two steps when he suddenly stopped. He turned his head and looked at the skinny monkey again. Skinny monkeys heart skipped a beat and instantly jumped into his throat. Is there anything else, sir? Could it be that they've changed their minds and think that giving them 100 is too much? Lanu looked at him as if suddenly remembering something and spoke softly. Yes, that's right. Those claw gang members from earlier, their origins, where their stronghold is, how many members they have, and their strength. Tell me everything you know. Oh, right. Wu added. This is also free. Skinny Monkey. The Claw Society's headquarters were located in an abandoned warehouse in the western part of Boulder City. The atmosphere inside the warehouse was heavy at that moment. Hu Yao sat in the only relatively intact chair, his face so gloomy it could drip water. His men stood dejectedly on both sides, none of them daring to utter a sound. What happened at the bar during the day was a huge blow to them. Just then, the warehouse door was pushed open from the outside. A henchman responsible for gathering information rushed in, looking flustered. Boss, the guys who collect the phenotypic flies are back. Huyas eyes suddenly lit up and he sat up straight instantly. "Where's the stuff? Did you get it?" "I I got it." The henchman panted as he took a small black metal ball from his pocket and handed it over with both hands. Hu Yao snatched the ball away, a hint of urgency flashing in his eyes. He infused a wisp of shadow energy into the small ball. "Buzz!" The ball vibrated slightly, and a faint light appeared on its surface. Then, a three-dimensional light screen was projected from above the small sphere. The scene displayed on the light screen was the Valley of Oblivion. The footage was initially shaky and blurry, clearly showing who Shawn and his group fleeing. Immediately afterwards, they rushed into an ancient hall. The image stabilized. Then they saw the blue-haired youth. "It's him," one of his men said through gritted teeth, pointing at Lan Yu on the screen. Hu Yao didn't speak, but stared intently at the light screen with a cold look in his eyes. The images on the screen are from the perspective of his younger brother Husan before his death as recorded by the shadowfly. He saw how Husan mocked Yun and the others and how Husan looked down on the blue-haired youth. Then he saw the blue-haired youth, a smile playing on his lips and uttered those words that they would never forget. Since you love to laugh so much, then stay in this darkness forever and laugh to your heart's content. The moment the words fell, the world within the light screen was instantly swallowed by endless darkness. Immediately following was Husanne's terrified roar in the darkness and that sickening corrosive sound. Finally, there were the extremely shrill screams of his companions. The scene ends abruptly here because Hon, the host of the Shadowfly, had been completely melted away by the rain of corrosion, leaving not even a trace. Inside the warehouse, a deathly silence fell. Everyone was so frightened by the bizarre and terrifying scene on the light screen that they were speechless. They finally understood. How did Husan and his four subordinates, five six-star shadow masters, die? They were melted alive by that young man in a way they had never heard of before. A way that could be described as torture. And judging from the murderer's appearance, it turned out that it was that blue-haired youth from the bar who did it. This is such a coincidence. Bang! Hu Yao slammed his fist hard on the table next to him. The already dilapidated table shattered into pieces in an instant. His eyes were bloodshot, veins bulged on his forehead, and he resembled an enraged lion, radiating a ferocious killing intent. Witnessing one's own brother being so cruy tortured and killed is far more impactful than any words can describe. Boss, let's go fight him. Yes, avenge our brothers. Who? Shawn, kill him. You must kill him. His subordinates were also infected by this grief and indignation, and they were all filled with righteous indignation, clamoring to rush out and find Lanu to take revenge. Shut up all of you, Hu Yao roared again, forcibly silencing the crowd. His chest heaved violently. Although his heart was filled with endless anger and hatred, his reason had not yet been completely consumed. He stared intently at the dissipating light screen, his mind racing. That blue-haired kid's strength was even more terrifying than he had imagined. Those bizarre area of effect skills and that corrosive rain that could melt people alive. This is a skill that no ordinary six-star shadow master could possess. And then there's that mythical relic. A head-on confrontation would be a certain death sentence. Boss, we stop talking. Hu Yao raised his hand, interrupting his subordinate. He closed his eyes, took several deep breaths, and forced himself to calm down. After a long while, he opened his eyes again, which were still filled with the flames of hatred. But more than anything, it was a cold, calculating glint in its eyes. He spoke slowly, his voice and cold. Revenge is a must, but not by using our lives to fill the gap. He looked at one of his trusted subordinates and gave the order in a deep voice. Shanzi, go to Eternal Night Pavilion right now. The Eternal Night Pavilion. Upon hearing this name, everyone present changed their expression. The Eternal Knight Pavilion is the most notorious and powerful assassin organization in Stone City and even in the surrounding dozens of regions. They take money to do things and as long as you can afford it, they dare to assassinate even important figures in the City Lord's Mansion. Moreover, it is said that the assassins of the Eternal Knight Pavilion are all elites among elites and have never failed. Boss, you mean? Shanzi hesitated. Asking the Eternal Knight Pavilion to make a move would cost a considerable sum. A crazed glint flashed in Hu Yaos eyes. That's right. I want them to send men to kill that blue-haired brat. Tell them I'm willing to offer 50,000 shadow crystals. Make sure they send their top assassins. 50,000. Everyone was shocked by this number once again. This is almost half of the Claw Society's entire fortune. Hu Yao gritted his teeth as if he had made up his mind. Not enough to ensure that we can kill that brat. Tell them I need two two sevenstar lord level experts to take action. Chapter 241. Am I that valuable? Shanzi was terrified. Boss, you can't to hire a seven-star lord. The price will double. Two of you. Then then our claw society will be completely bankrupt. Is it worth it to kill a six-star kid? Hu Yao abruptly stood up, his voice filled with an undeniable resolve. Worth it? That kid is too strange. I have a feeling that if we can't kill him completely in one go, well be the ones who die in the future. I Hu Yao never gamble without a chance of success. I either don't act at all or when I do it's a thunderous strike that will ensure he never recovers. Go now? That's an order. Seeing his boss's crazy and resolute appearance, Shanzi knew that there was no use in trying to persuade him anymore. He could only nod heavily. Yes, boss. I'll go right away. After saying that, he turned around quickly left the warehouse and disappeared into the night. Night was falling. Inside the Claw Society's headquarters, the lights were on, but the atmosphere was extremely oppressive. Hu Yao sat in the chair, closing his eyes to rest, but his slightly trembling fingers betrayed his inner turmoil. He is waiting, waiting for a reply from the eternal night pavilion. Time passed second by second, and every second felt like torture. Finally, the warehouse door was pushed open again. Shanzi, who had previously contacted Yongya Pavilion, quickly returned. Two figures followed behind him. Both of them were dressed in tight black bodysuits with cold masks on their faces, revealing only a pair of emotionless eyes. The moment they stepped into the warehouse, a chilling, murderous aura quietly spread out. The temperature in the entire warehouse seemed to drop several degrees as a result. Hua suddenly opened his eyes and his gaze fell on the two men in black. Just standing there gave him a tremendous sense of oppression. Sevenstar Lord. He is definitely a seven-star lord level powerhouse. And there were two of them. Hu Yao felt a little more at ease. He stood up, cuped his hands in a respectful greeting to the two men, and his attitude was fairly polite. My lords, one of the slightly taller men in black spoke in a horse voice. Chief who, we have received your request. They offered 100,000 shadow crystals to kill a six-star shadowmaster, and they even asked us to send two sevenstar lords. His voice sounded like two pieces of sandpaper rubbing together, which was very unpleasant to listen to. Hu Yao frowned. What? You think the price is too low. Another slightly thinner man in black shook his head. No, I'm just curious. What kind of six-star shadow master is worth chief who investing so much money in? Hu Yao snorted coldly, offering no further explanation. He simply threw the small metal ball containing the footage of Husians death over there. See for yourselves. The tall man in black took the small ball and infused it with shadow energy. That eerie and terrifying video was played again in the warehouse. When they saw Lon use incredible corridor of shadows and rain of corrosion, a barely perceptible hint of surprise flashed in the eyes of the two men in black. The thin man in black spoke. That's interesting. Domain type abilities and that kind of corrosive attack are indeed very troublesome. The tall man in black added. However, that's all. He's strong, but he's only a six-star. One of us is enough to deal with him," Huao said in a deep voice. "My lords, I must ensure that my brother's revenge is carried out without any mishap. Therefore, I insist on asking the two of you to take action." The tall man in black nodded, seemingly unconcerned. "Can, however, the price will double again." Puas expression changed. "What? 200,000? You're taking advantage of our misfortune." The Gaunt man in Black's voice remained icy. Chief who? You must understand that asking two sevenstar lords of our eternal night pavilion to assassinate a six-star shadow master is itself a very lowclass thing to do. 200,000 for his life and also for a guarantee from our eternal night pavilion. This price is very fair. Huyas expression shifted unpredictably. 200,000 shadow crystals. This wasn't just going bankrupt. He had to go into debt to raise the money. He gritted his teeth, his mind in turmoil. However, the thought of Husians tragic death and Lu's indifferent face made her hesitate. In the end, the hatred in his heart overwhelmed his reason. He seemed to squeeze out the word through gritted teeth. "Good, I agree. 200,000 it is. As long as we can kill him, my claw society is willing to start all over again." The tall man in black nodded, seemingly satisfied with his decision. Very good. Then the deal. However, he hadn't finished speaking. A slightly mocking, eerie voice suddenly came from above the warehouse. Wow, am I that valuable. 200,000 shadow crystals. The way you've done this has made me want to capture myself and sell myself for money. The sound wasn't loud, but it was like a thunderclap exploding loudly in the silent secret room. Scorpion 13 and the two assassins from the eternal night pavilion both underwent a dramatic change in expression. They looked up abruptly in the direction from which the sound came. Suddenly, a person appeared on the dimly lit rafters of the secret room. The man had striking short blue hair and was sitting there with his legs crossed, looking down at them with an air of shot and Freuda. If it's not Lu, then who is it? Hu Yas voice became sharp and distorted with extreme fear. He felt as if his heart was about to leap out of his throat. When? When did you? He simply cannot understand. This is the core secret chamber of their claw society headquarters, heavily guarded and equipped with numerous mechanisms. Lord level, eternal knight pavilion assassins in the room right now. How did he get in? How did he manage to appear there so quietly, right under the noses of three powerful figures? No one could answer his question. Those two assassins from the eternal night pavilion reacted much faster than him. The moment Lanu's voice rang out, their auras changed drastically. No longer the lifeless ordinary person they once were. Two immense and terrifying auras like a volcanic eruption swept through the entire secret chamber. A sevenstar lord level being was released without reservation. Whoosh. Whoosh. Without exchanging a single word. The two moved at the same time with astonishing tacit understanding. Their figures transformed into two blurry black shadows, one on the left and one on the right, shooting towards Lan Yu on the roof beam. It was so fast that it even left a long after image in the air. However, Lan Yu simply watched them quietly, even with a faint smile on his face. He neither dodged nor made any defensive stance. Just a moment before the two assassins attacks were about to touch his body, Lu moved. No, it should be said that it was his sword that moved. Chapter 242. No last words. No one saw how Lu drew his sword. To everyone else, all they saw was a dark golden sword light that was both incredibly fast and incredibly bright, like lightning streaking across the night sky, disappearing in a flash. Divine sword technique. Instant shadow flash. A soft sound of a sharp blade piercing flesh. For a moment, it was as if the music had been slowed down. Hua was horrified to see that the golden sword light was not aimed at the two assassins who were rushing towards Lan Yu, but it was himself. The sword light appeared out of thin air in front of him. So fast that he didn't even have time to blink. He didn't even feel any pain. He simply looked down and saw a smooth line of blood on his chest. Then his vision began to spin. He saw his lower body still standing in the same spot, but his upper body had already taken flight. I He wanted to say something, but no sound came out. Endless darkness instantly swallowed his consciousness. The leader of the claw society, after paying the price of going bankrupt and hiring two top assassins, was cleaved in two on the spot without even leaving a last word. The two assassins, both at the seven star-lord level, reacted with lightning speed. The moment the sword light appeared, they sensed something was wrong. Although the sword light was not aimed at them, the terrifying power it contained made them feel a chill run down their spines. They abruptly twisted their bodies in midair, abandoned their attack, and retreated at an even faster speed than when they came. Boom! The two landed back on the ground, crushing the hard stone slabs under their feet, and looked solemnly at the young man on the roof beam, who still maintained a smile. One sword, just one sword strike. Right under the noses of those two sevenstar lords, they instantly killed a six-star peak shadow master. What terrifying power this is. The tall man in black robes spoke in a horse voice. His tone carrying a serious tone for the first time. I was careless. The intelligence was wrong. The target strength is far more than six stars. The short black robed man had a shrill voice. Kill him. The mission must be completed. Lanu lightly leaped from the roof beam and landed steadily on the ground. He glanced at the claws, now split in two and staring wideeyed in death, and curled his lip in slight boredom. How boring. I thought we could chat for a bit longer. Then he raised his head and looked at the two blackroed assassins who looked like they were facing a formidable enemy, and his smile became bright. All right, the small fry are done. Now it's your turn. As Lonu finished speaking, an invisible wave suddenly spread out from him. The entire scene in the secret chamber underwent a dramatic transformation in an instant. The walls, tables, chairs, corpses, everything was twisted and stretched like melting wax figures. eventually sinking into an endless darkness. Divine authority ability, corridor of shadows. This is one of Lan Yu's favorite starting stances. Pull the enemy into an independent domain of your own making. Deprive them of their five senses and even block out their six senses. In this environment, the enemy is like a fish on a chopping board, completely at his mercy. In the past, this tactic had always been successful. Whether it's dealing with shadow masters like Husan or enemies encountered even earlier, once you are pulled into the corridor of shadows, the battle is over. However, this time things took an unexpected turn. The figures of the two blackroed assassins could be seen in the endless dark corridor. Contrary to Lu's expectations, they did not fall into chaos and confusion. They remain standing quietly in place, their bodies seemingly enveloped in a thin, invisible membrane. This completely shuts out the dark power of the shadow corridor, which is powerful enough to distort perception. Not only did they not lose their way, they were even able to pinpoint Lanu's location accurately. Whoosh! The tall figure in black robes vanished from the darkness without warning. The next second, a deadly sense of crisis came from Lu's left. Lu was startled and almost instinctively swerved to the right. Sizzle. A sharp dark light grazed past his ribs. Lanu narrowly avoided the attack. The tall figure in black robes reappeared in the darkness not far away, holding a jet black dagger in his hand, which was spotless. He spoke in a horse voice, a hint of mockery in his tone. It's useless. Your domain is ineffective against us. Lyus eyes turned cold. Since depriving him of his five senses was useless, he would try something more direct. A thought suddenly occurred to him. Divine authority ability, rain of corrosion. Splash! The familiar sound of rain echoed in the darkness. Countless dark green raindrops appeared out of thin air like a torrential downpour. It rained down on the two men in black robes, covering everything in its path. Each drop of rain contains the terrifying corrosive power of the god of poison. melt a six-star shadow master into nothingness within three breaths. However, what happened next surprised Lonnie once again. The deadly rain of corrosion was about to fall on the two men in black robes. It was as if we had encountered some kind of invisible repulsive force. It automatically parted to the sides, forming an absolutely safe spherical space where not a single drop of rainwater could penetrate. The short blackroed man laughed shrilly, the sound echoing jarringly in the dark corridor. I told you it's useless. Lu's brows furrowed tightly. He carefully observed the two men in black robes. Mind's eye activated. In his view, the whole world instantly changed. The essence and weaknesses of everything were clearly presented to him in the form of an information flow. He could clearly see that the bodies of the two men in black robes were enveloped in a faint almost transparent white halo perfectly blocked his shadow corridor and rain of corrosion. I see, Wanu understood. It's not that their strength can resist my authority, but that they possess some kind of special treasure. A treasure that can help them become immune to the power of divine authority. This is no ordinary thing. It seems that this eternal night pavilion has a much richer history than I imagined. The next moment, the two men in black disappeared again. Two ghostly black figures coming from two completely different directions attacked Lan Yu from both sides once again carrying an incomparably sharp killing intent. Speed, power, and timing are all perfect. As expected of a professional assassin, their teamwork was flawless. If it were an ordinary six-star shadow master facing such a deadly situation, they probably wouldn't even have time to react before being instantly torn to pieces. But Lan Yu is no ordinary six-star shadowmaster. Chapter 243. Dark Source: Demon Fruit. Since tricks aren't working, it's time to show some real skills, he murmured to himself. The next second, the corridor of shadows that had enveloped the entire secret room vanished instantly, like the receding tide. The secret room was restored to its original state. There was only a corpse split in two on the ground, and a mess everywhere. Just as the domain dissipated, an aura, even more terrifying and vast than the previous two assassins combined, erupted from Lan Yus body. It was a kind of doineering power that blended chaos with the purity of shadow energy, like the dragons might from the ancient primordial era. Six senses skill, dragons roar. Roar. A deafening dragon roar echoed through the heavens under the horrified gazes of the two blackroed assassins. A colossal phantom of a dragon composed entirely of the purest blue energy slowly emerged behind Lan Yu. The giant dragon coiled its body, blotting out the sky, its golden dragon eyes coldly looking down at the two black robed figures on the ground who looked like ants. Six senses skill, dragons roar. They drop of creation as a gift from Janice, the king of the void when he attained enlightenment of the six senses. Lan Yu then mastered this sixth sense technique which was practically a bug. As he advanced to the sixst star shadow master, he was able to mobilize and contain the energy of the creation drop within his body. It has also doubled. This means that the power of the six senses technique dragon's roar he is using now has made a qualitative leap compared to before. That enormous blue dragon brought more than just a visual impact. It is an absolute suppression originating from the soul. The two blackroed assassins who were advancing at high speed suddenly froze, their movements halting for a moment. For the first time, their faces showed expressions of utter horror. The short blackroed man screamed, his voice filled with disbelief. What? What is this? The tall man in black robes had a horse voice, but it trembled slightly. Six senses technique. How is this possible? The shadow clan. The Shadow Clan doesn't have such a skill. only. Could it be that you are human? They finally realized something was wrong. Lan Yus voice rang out coldly. You got it right, but unfortunately there's no reward. He slowly raised his hand, facing forward, and gently clenched it. The enormous blue dragon behind him also made the same movement. The enormous dragon claws carried terrifying power capable of destroying mountains and tearing the earth apart. He slammed his fist down on the two blackroed assassins who were already in a days. No. In endless despair and regret, the two blackroged assassins only had time to let out a single unwilling roar. Then, along with the entire headquarters of the Claw Society, they were completely and without a doubt raised to the ground by the blue dragon claw that descended from the sky. Boom! The loud explosion echoed throughout the entire southern district of Boulder City. The earth trembled and dust billowed into the sky. A huge bottomless claw-shaped pit appeared in the original location. Everything returned to calm. As the smoke and dust slowly dissipated, the huge claw mark and deep pit were revealed. At the bottom of the deep pit, there was a scene of devastation with no intact remains to be found. Neither those two arrogant sevenstar lord level assassins. Or perhaps it was the corpse of Claw cleaved in two or even the entire building. All of them were reduced to pure powder by that devastating blow, merging with the dust. Lanu hovered silently above the deep pit, the holy dragon wings slowly flapping behind him, allowing him to remain in midair. He looked down at his masterpiece, his face expressionless. After advancing to the sixth star, the power of sixth sense skill, dragon's roar, was even stronger than he had expected. He instantly killed two sevenstar lords who were protected by treasures, which was within his expectations. But the process was so swift and efficient that he was quite satisfied. "Looks like I can use this move as a regular clearing skill from now on," he thought to himself. His gaze swept across the deep pit. Soon, he discovered two unusual items amidst the charred ruins. They were two palmsized, completely black boxes. Despite the energy impact of that level, they were able to remain completely intact without even a scratch. Found it. Lu moved swiftly and landed at the bottom of the pit, picking up the two boxes. To be able to remain unharmed under my sixth sense technique, dragons roar. This must be the treasure they possess. Used to counter my shadow corridor and reign of corrosion. He weighed the box in his hand. It was cold to the touch and made of neither gold nor wood, so he didn't know what it was made of. He opened the first box first. Click. With a soft click, the lid popped open. Inside the box, there were no dazzling magical artifacts, nor any crystals containing powerful energy. Yes, there was one, just a black apple. The apple was jet black with a smooth surface like obsidian and emitted a faint refreshing aroma of exotic fruit. This is Lana was somewhat curious. He could sense it. This apple contains a very peculiar energy, but its purpose is not immediately apparent. Just then, Nidhog's voice, tinged with surprise, rang in his mind. "Hey, not bad luck, kid. This is the dark source demon fruit, a rayal treasure. Dark source demon fruit. This was the first time Lu had heard this name," Nithog explained. "This is an extremely rare treasure of the shadow realm. It is only possible for such a seed to be formed from the purest power of the shadow origin after thousands of years of sedimentation and nurturing. If an ordinary shadow clan member takes it, they can directly advance to a higher rank and there are no side effects. But this won't work on you. You're not a shadow clan member. Wanu asked, "What uses that to me?" Nidhog's tone carried a hint of excitement. It will be far more useful to you than raising your rank by one. Don't you have that king's body talent? This thing is a supplement tailor made for you. Eat it quickly. This thing can greatly enhance your physique. After you eat it, your king's body should be able to advance to the next level. Upon hearing this, Lan Yus eyes lit up instantly. The body of a king. This talent was a skill he learned early on after eating the fruit his sister gave him. Although it was only at the beginner level, the benefits it brought him were real. Both the increased physical strength and the faster wound healing played a crucial role in combat and training. He has been trying to figure out how to upgrade this talent. Unexpectedly, I stumbled upon a promotion opportunity today. Without any further hesitation, Lyu picked up the black apple and took a bite. Chapter 244 learned to be content. Snap! A crisp sound. The apples tasted surprisingly good. The flesh is not as hard as you might imagine. Instead, it melts in your mouth like the finest ice cream. With a refreshing and sweet taste, it slid down the throat and into the stomach. The next second, a powerful yet gentle warm current suddenly erupted from his stomach, instantly sweeping through his limbs and bones. Lonnu groaned, feeling every cell in his body cheering and jumping for joy. It was like parched seedlings receiving a timely rain. Bones, muscles, meridians, internal organs, every part of his body under the influence and transformation of this energy. Everything is undergoing a metamorphosis at an astonishing speed. He could clearly feel his body becoming more resilient and stronger. This feeling is incredibly pleasant. After a long while, the warm current gradually subsided and completely merged into his body. Lanu slowly opened his eyes and exhaled a long breath. He clenched his fist, feeling the explosive power within him, and a satisfied smile appeared on his face. Just then, a series of messages popped into his mind. The talent kings body beginner has been successfully upgraded. You have acquired a new talent. King's body intermediate. King's body intermediate. Your basic physical strength has been greatly increased and your wound healing speed has been significantly improved. Your physical resilience has begun to approach that of a true king, making you capable of matching other artifacts of the same rank with your bare hands. Talent advancement detected. You have unlocked a new talent skill. Monarch's demon armor. King's armor. Exclusive skill for King's body intermediate. Upon activation, it will condense an indestructible set of king's armor on your body using chaotic power and shadow energy. In this state, your strength, speed, and recovery will all be doubled. Piss. Upon seeing the new skill that was finally unlocked, Lanu couldn't help but gasp. King's demon armor. All attributes are doubled. This is simply insane. This is not just a simple improvement, but a qualitative leap. It's a perfect blend of offense and defense with no weaknesses whatsoever. Excellent. Excellent. Lanu couldn't help but laugh out loud. The gains this time were truly enormous. One apple boosted his overall strength by at least 30%. He calmed his excitement and turned his gaze to the second box in his hand. Since the contents of the first box were so precious, the contents of the second box must be just as valuable. With anticipation, he opened the second box. However, he was slightly taken aback after seeing what was inside the box. The second box contained neither an apple nor any magical artifact. Yes, it was just an ordinary white feather. The feather was only the length of an index finger, pure white, and looked very light. There was no energy fluctuation at all, as if it had fallen from the back of a big white goose. Lana was somewhat puzzled. What's this? But the moment he saw the feather, he felt it. The hegny sword at his waist trembled slightly. It was as if it was resonating with this feather in some way. Um, Lanu immediately noticed the anomaly. He sensed an aura from this seemingly ordinary white feather that was extremely similar to that of this sort of hegny, a mythical relic. Nidhog's voice echoed in his mind once more. This time, her tone carried a rare somnity and nostalgia. Lanu picked up the pure white feather and gently twirled it between his fingertips. Mythological relics? Is this the same kind of thing as the sword of Hegmi? Nidhogs voice said with certainty. That's right. And the grade of this mythical relic is probably no lower than that of the sword of Hegny. Lyus heart stirred. Not inferior to the sword of Hegny. The sword of Hegny is a top tier artifact personally certified by Nidth Hog. So the value of this feather is immeasurable. What's this thing called? What's it used for? Lu asked impatiently. Nidhog's tone carried a hint of reminiscence. If I'm not mistaken, this should be the boundary breaking feather. The feather that breaks boundaries, Nithog slowly explained, is a mythical relic created by the supreme god who controlled the power of space in ancient times. Legend has it that the god of space used his own wings to create three precious feathers that possess spatial authority. And what you are holding is one of them known as the wing of boundary breaker. The effect is simple. Spatial teleportation within a certain range. Lanu's eyes lit up as he listened to Nithog's description. This ability sounds incredibly awesome. With this thing, wouldn't it mean that I could teleport and travel freely like the protagonist in a novel? From now on, whether you're chasing down enemies or running away, it will be an invincible skill. However, Nithog's next words were like a bucket of cold water poured over his burning heart. Nit's tone shifted. Don't get too excited yet. You can't use this boundary-breaking feathered. Lana was taken aback. Can't use it. Why? Nidhog said because it has already recognized its master. Moreover, its owner placed a very powerful restriction on it. No one can use its power unless they obtain the master's permission or the restrictions on it are lifted. It has recognized its master and there are restrictions on it. Upon hearing this, Lanu carefully probed his shadow energy into the feather. Sure enough, deep within the core of the feather, he sensed an extremely subtle yet unbreakable barrier. The power of the feather itself was firmly sealed away. This power originates from the same source as the feather itself. Yet, it carries a unique mark belonging to another person. Lanu pouted in disappointment. Damn it, all that excitement for nothing. A top tier spatial artifact is right in front of him, but he can only look at it and cannot use it. This feeling is just too awful. He sighed helplessly. Put away the boundary breaking feather that is temporarily unusable along with the empty apple box. Although it can't be used for the time being, it is a top tier artifact after all, so there's no harm in keeping it. Who knows, maybe some unexpected coincidence will happen in the future. Besides, people should learn to be content. Today, he not only resolved the potential trouble caused by the claw society. He also upgraded his king's body to the intermediate level and unlocked the king's demon armor, a powerful skill that can be described as abnormally strong. The results have far exceeded his expectations. One should not be too greedy. Lanu glanced at the huge deep pit around him. And the city residents in the distance, startled by the huge commotion, were peeking and looking in this direction. This place is not safe to stay for long. They holy dragon wings behind him suddenly flapped and he transformed into a streak of light. It soared into the sky and disappeared into the night in an instant. Chapter 245. This really was just half a day of learning. A few days later, Shadow Puppet Village was even more peaceful and serene than before. With the threat from Black Rock Village temporarily eliminated, the villagers felt relieved. All of this stemmed from the blue-haired youth who was staying in the village chief's courtyard. In the past few days, Lu has only occasionally walked around the village to familiarize himself with the surroundings. He spent most of his time in his room processing the lessons learned from the previous battle. At the same time, they were also thinking about the next step. That afternoon, he was resting with his eyes closed on a stone bench in the courtyard when a light footstep approached from afar. Lord Lan Yu, it was in Yuns voice. Lan Yu opened his eyes and looked at the girl standing in front of him. Her expression seemed to carry a hint of hesitation and embarrassment. What's up? Lanu asked. Ina nodded and said somewhat awkwardly. It's about the tribal competition. The village chief asked me to ask you about it. She paused, organized her thoughts, and then continued. One of the rules of the competition is identity verification. The most basic puppet manipulation skills of our shadow puppet village during the test. Lanu understood what she meant. As an outsider, he naturally wouldn't affect the unique skills of the puppet village. So, I hope I can learn a little bit so I can get away with it during the verification process. Ins voice lowered even further. Um, I know this request is a bit unreasonable. After all, manipulation is a secret technique passed down from generation to generation in our village. It cannot be learned overnight. But you only need to learn a few of the simplest moves. As long as you can get the puppet moving, you'll have no problem passing the identity verification. Fearing that lawn, you might find it troublesome, she quickly added. Once you're in the real arena, you can fight using whatever method you're best at. I'll explain that you're a member of the clan who traveled abroad in your early years, so your fighting style is different from the villagers. That way, I can fool them. Looking at her cautious demeanor, Lanu found it somewhat amusing. For him, it was just a simple matter of lending a hand. Furthermore, he had long been interested in the puppets of Shadow Puppet Village. This is a good opportunity to learn more about it. Okay, take me to see it. Upon receiving Lan Yus affirmative reply, Ingun visibly breathed a sigh of relief and a smile appeared on her face. "Great, Lord Lan Yu, please follow me." By Ingun, Lanu arrived at an inconspicuous stone house at the back of the village. Pushing open the heavy stone door, a pungent smell of old wood and metal wafted out. The interior space was much larger than I had imagined, like a spacious warehouse. All sorts of tools and parts were hanging on the surrounding walls. In the center of the warehouse, dozens of humanoid puppets of different sizes and shapes were neatly arranged. These puppets were mostly made of black hardwood and metal. The joints are tightly connected, and although it stands quietly, it exudes a cold and solid sense of power. In Yun introduced, "This is where our shadow puppet village stores puppets and practices manipulation techniques." He then took an old animal hide scroll from a shelf and handed it to Lu. Sir, this contains the most basic puppet control methods in our village, as well as some insights left by our predecessors. Lu took the scroll and casually unfolded it. It is decorated with complex diagrams of the human body's meridians and densely packed pathways for the flow ofqi and blood. This so-called puppetry technique is essentially a special method of using shadow energy. By projecting one's own shadow energy at a specific frequency and trajectory, the transmission array is injected into the core of the puppet, thereby enabling remote control of the puppet. This requires the operator to have an extremely refined level of control over the shadow energy. Too much force and the puppet's movements will become stiff. Too little and it will be unable to move. For the average photographer, just getting started would probably require months or even years of hard work. But for Lan Yu, this was not a difficult task. He was merely attempting to simulate this specific fluctuation of shadow energy. I didn't expect to succeed on the first try. It has to be said, the identity of a genius is really useful. Nit was already used to this. Moreover, he also has the aid of the mind's eye, which allows him to directly see through the essence of this manipulation technique and the core of its energy flow. Wanu asked. I should be fine practicing here, right? In nodded repeatedly, "Of course. Please make yourself at home." "Well, then I won'tt bother you any longer. I'll go take care of things in the village first, and I'll come to see you later." After saying that, she respectfully withdrew and gently closed the stone door. Lu put the scroll aside and glanced at the dozens of puppets in the room. He casually pointed to the one closest to him, which looked the most ordinary humanoid puppet. He closed his eyes, recalling the method on the scroll, a wisp of shadow energy. It silently flowed from his fingertips, transforming into threads indistinguishable to the naked eye and precisely connected to the puppet's back. Half a day passed in the blink of an eye. After finishing her chores in the village, Inyune kept Lanu's studies on her mind. She was actually quite worried. After all, manipulation was the core skill of their village, and it was extremely difficult. She was afraid that Lanu wouldn't be able to learn it or that he would give up because it was too difficult. and that would be a real problem if he couldn't pass the identity verification. With a mix of trepidation and excitement, she returned to the stone house once more. She gently pushed the door open a crack, wanting to peek at the situation first. However, after just one glance, she froze on the spot. His amethystike eyes were filled with a shock that defied description. In the open space of the warehouse, Lu was casually sitting on a wooden crate. Around him, five humanoid puppets were performing a complex set of fighting moves with the slightest flick of his fingers. Punching, kicking, dodging, blocking. The movements of the five puppets were not stiff or sluggish at all. On the contrary, they were full of amazing coordination and fluidity. Their movements were perfectly synchronized, as if they were all made from the same mold. Their teamwork was seamless, just like a well-trained combat squad. How How is this possible? Ingun felt that her worldview had shattered a little. Her original expectation was that Lan Yu could barely make a puppet raise its arms and move its legs to pass the identity verification. But what about this scene before us? Simultaneously controlling five puppets to conduct such a complex combat exercise. That level of control skill, let alone her. Even the vill's senior elders who have been immersed in this art for decades might not be able to do it so easily. This this really was just half a day of learning. Chapter 246. Sevenstar puppet. In Yun rubbed her eyes, wondering if she was hallucinating. But the five puppets powerful punches and kicks and the whistling sound in the air. They all told her with absolute certainty that everything before her eyes was not an illusion. Just as she was completely shocked, Lanu seemed to notice her arrival and stopped what he was doing. The five puppets also stopped moving instantly and stood still in place. Lan Yu turned around, looked at Ingun, who was standing dumbfounded at the door, and casually asked, "Shouldn't this pass the verification?" "Verified?" "Far more than that." In Yun stammered in response, her mind still blank. "Uh! Oh, okay. No problem." She walked in, looked at the five puppets, then at Lanu, and felt like she was dreaming. "Lord Lu, you really only studied for half a day?" Lu was telling the truth. "Hm, this isn't difficult." "Not difficult?" Upon hearing those two words, Inguns lips twitched involuntarily. If this is considered easy, then those people in the village have been studying it for years. Even controlling two puppets at the same time is a struggle for the tribesmen. What is he, a fool? She took a deep breath, forcing herself to calm down, but her voice still trembled. My lord, your talent is truly astonishing. Lonu smiled non-committally. then, as if remembering something, pointed to a puppet in the far corner of the warehouse. Everything else is fine, but that puppet is a bit difficult to control. I've tried several times, and so far, I can only get one of its hands to move slightly. Ingun looked in the direction he pointed, and when she saw the appearance of the puppet, her pupils suddenly contracted. It was a completely black puppet, a size larger than the other puppets. Its design is even more ferocious, with sharp metal barbs covering its joints. A complex and ancient rune was also engraved on his chest. Upon seeing the puppet, Inguns voice changed. That's a a seven-star puppet. She walked over quickly and introduced. This is the most precious treasure of our shadow puppet village. It is the only combat puppet that has reached the sevenstar lord level rank passed down from our ancestors. She turned her head and looked at Lan Yu with an expression that went beyond shock. It was as if she were looking at a monster. Controlling this sevenstar puppet requires an extremely large amount of shadowqi and unparalleled precision in manipulation. The village the village has been there for over a hundred years and no one has been able to successfully drive it anymore. Lanu had only been learning for half a day yet he was already able to move one of its arms. This fact was even more shocking to her than seeing Lanu simultaneously control five puppets. This can't be explained by mere talent. It's simply monstrous. Lanu looked at her excited expression but didn't feel anything special. He simply felt that the internal structure of this puppet was a h 100 times more complex than the others, making it exceptionally mentally taxing to control. At this moment, Ingyu noticed that Lanus gaze was lingering on the sevenstar puppet, seemingly unintentionally. A thought struck her, and she subconsciously asked in a low voice, "Lord Lanu, are you very interested in this puppet?" Lan Yu turned to look at her, his deep eyes seeming to see right through people's hearts. He could roughly guess what the girl was thinking. He nodded calmly. I am somewhat interested. In Yuns heart skipped a beat. However, Lan Yus next words surprised her slightly. But don't worry, I'm a person of principle. Now that we have agreed to your conditions, we will not use this puppet as an extra reward to threaten you. After saying that, he stood up, dusted himself off, and walked toward the door of the stone house. I've practiced enough and the identity verification should be fine. I'll head back now. Only Ingun was left standing there, staring blankly at the pitch black seven-star puppet. He glanced at Lan Yus departing figure again and fell into deep thought. 3 days passed in the blink of an eye, and the day of the tribal competition finally arrived. Early in the morning, Lan Yu, accompanied by Ing Yun and the village chief, left Shadow Puppet Village and headed to Giant Stone City once again. This time the atmosphere in Stone City was noticeably more lively than last time. The wide streets were bustling with people and people from various villages and hamlets could be seen everywhere. They gathered in small groups dressed in the distinctive costumes of their respective tribes. With expressions of either nervousness or excitement on their faces, they converged towards the city center. The competition held every 5 years is not only a major event that determines the allocation of resources for each village over the next 5 years. A grand gathering of all the ShadowClan members in this area. The arena for the competition was set up in a huge circular arena at the very center of the city of Giant Stone. The arena is built of massive black stones and its style is both magnificent and ancient. It could accommodate tens of thousands of spectators. At this moment, the arena stands were already filled with ShadowClan members who had come to watch the battle. To the north of the arena, a high platform was erected. On the high platform, six ornate chairs made of obsidian were lined up in a row, five of which were already occupied. The five men were composed and dignified, clearly high-ranking figures who had long held important positions. In Yune whispered to Lan Yu, "Those are the six lords who are in charge of hosting this competition. They are all rulers of Boulder City and other cities. Each of them is at least a seven-star powerhouse and they are deeply respected by everyone. Lanu's gaze swept across the high platform without lingering for long to avoid unnecessary trouble. Before coming, he deliberately used a disguise tool from Shadow Puppet Village to slightly alter his appearance. It's a special ointment applied to the face that can blur a person's facial features with the added assistance of Nidhog's power. Unless someone is far stronger than him or has special methods of detection, it is difficult to see through his true nature. The three followed the flow of people to a large open space outside the arena. This is the area where participants undergo identity verification and testing. More than a dozen long cues had already formed in the open space. Each team had a sign in front of them displaying the name of the village. In Yune pointed to the very last position in the line, "Let's go queue up over there." Lanu looked in the direction she pointed and saw that the line there was so long that it seemed to stretch on forever. He asked somewhat speechless, "When will our turn come?" A bitter smile and helplessness appeared on In Yuns face. "There's nothing we can do, Lord Lu." The order of the queue is determined by the rankings from the last competition. As she spoke, her voice trailed off. "Our shadow puppet village ranked 116th last time, which is at the bottom of all the villages, so we can only be ranked last." Chapter 247. Is this Red Rock Tribe really that strong? 116. Lan Yus lips twitched, gaining a more direct understanding of the shadow puppet vill's strength. The wait is long. Lanu stood listlessly in the line, listening to the people from other villages around him. They were excitedly discussing the favorites to win the competition and all sorts of gossip. Have you heard? The reinforcements that Blackwood Village has invited this time are said to be formidable characters. They once single-handedly wiped out the layer of a six-star shadow monster. What's that? Sherang, the genius of the Stonetooth tribe, has also emerged from seclusion this year. It's said that he has broken through to the peak of the sixth star, and his rocks shattering fist is unmatched. If you ask me, this year's champion will definitely come from the top 10 villages. Their position is unshakable. Time passed slowly and the line in front of us got shorter and shorter. After waiting for nearly an hour, it was finally their turn. The test was conducted by two guards dressed in the standard armor of the city lord's mansion. They glanced at Lan Yu and Ing Yun expressionlessly and said in a business-like manner, "Shadow puppet village participant identity verification." Lanu stepped forward and following the method he had practiced before, flicked a wisp of shadow energy from his fingertip and injected it into a small puppet being used for testing next to him. The puppet immediately raised its arm and moved slightly. Although it was just the most basic movement, Lu's control was incredibly precise without the slightest flaw. The two guards nodded and crossed out a list in their hands. Authentication successful. The whole process was simple and quick. However, although Lu passed the verification, his unfamiliar face still attracted the attention of many people around him. Huh? Who's that guy? He looks unfamiliar. He's not from Shadow Puppet Village, is he? They must have hired thugs. Shadow Puppet Village has fallen into such a state of decline. If we don't bring in outside help, are we expecting them to play on their own? The surrounding chatter was neither too loud nor too soft, just enough to reach Lon's ears. He didn't really care about it. He was just there to complete the transaction anyway. In once said that hiring thugs has now become an unspoken rule. Although the rules of the competition are ostensibly prohibited, who would bother to investigate if identity verification is possible? Besides, which village hasn't done this kind of thing in private? Everyone just keeps quiet about it. Just as he and Ingun were about to leave the testing area and head to the rest area to wait for the competition to begin, a tremendous roar of an engine accompanied by arrogant honking suddenly came from behind. Buzz, a magnificent all black land-based vessel resembling a steel behemoth. It barged into the testing area, creating a gust of wind and nearly knocking over the people queuing nearby. What's going on? Do you even know how to drive? You're asking for it? A chorus of curses erupted from the crowd. However, when they saw the markings engraved on the side of the landship, all the curses stopped abruptly like ducks being choked. It was an emblem consisting of crossed swords and a wolf's head. They are the people from Bloodwolf Stronghold. Bloodwolf Stronghold ranked 10th. The crowds faces instantly changed to expressions of awe and fear, and they all voluntarily made way for them. Lu Shinghas door opened, and a group of Shadow Clan members dressed in uniform blood red outfits and exuding a fierce aura walked down from above. They ignored the stairs of everyone around them. He walked straight to the front of a line and cut in without any hesitation. The small village that was cut off dared not speak out in anger and could only silently retreat a few places. Ingun explained in a low voice from the side. They can skip the queue and get tested first. The top 10 villages have this privilege. Lanu raised an eyebrow, neither confirming nor denying it. Since it wasn't his team that was being cut off, he couldn't be bothered to pay attention. He was about to leave with Ingun when he caught an interesting glimpse of something out of the corner of his eye. The Bloodwolf Stronghold members seemed to have encountered a minor problem during the identity verification process. Representing them in the competition was also a young man who looked very young. The young man had neat black hair, a cold face, and an aura that kept strangers at bay. He was testing the swordsmanship of the bloodwolf stronghold. Although his movements were equally standard, it was clear that he was not a native of Bloodwolf Village. What's going on? Even the 10th ranked Bloodwolf Stronghold is hiring thugs. That's really strange. Aren't there plenty of experts in their village? How come they've fallen to the point of having to ask for outside help? Who knows? Maybe they're aiming for a higher ranking. The crowd started talking again. However, the elder leading the blood wolf stronghold clearly has some connections in the city lord's mansion. He simply stepped forward and whispered a few words to the two guards, then slipped them a bulging money back. The two guards immediately smiled and approved their verification. Lanu saw this scene and understood what was going on. It seems that this so-called tribal competition is quite complicated. He withdrew his gaze, no longer paying attention, and walked with Ingun towards the rest area of Shadow Puppet Village. The first match is about to begin. Shadow Puppet Village is located in a secluded corner of the arena. The place is small with only a few simple stone benches and is similar to those of the other topranked villages. The contrast was stark with guests enjoying private tents and exquisite refreshments. The village chief brought over a relatively clean stone bench, his face showing some apology. Lord Lanu, please sit down and rest for a while. We apologized for the poor conditions here. Lu waved his hand, indicating that he didn't care. He found a corner to sit down, closed his eyes, and began to adjust his state of mind. servant from the city lord's mansion, responsible for relaying battle information, walked to the various rest areas with a list in his hand and loudly announced the arrangements for the first round of battles. The first match is between Blackwood Village and Greenstone Village. The second match is between the Stonetooth tribe and the Flying Feather Tribe. As the match rosters were read out one by one, the atmosphere gradually became tense. The villages whose names were called were all eager to participate and ready to go on stage. Those whose names hadn't been called yet were all listening intently, waiting with baited breath. Finally, the servants voice reached their corner. Match 17. Crimson Rock Tribe versus Shadow Puppet Village. Upon hearing this battle arrangement, the village chief and Ingun s expressions changed instantly. The village chief's voice trembled slightly. What? The Red Rock Tribe drained from Ingy Yuns face, and her purple eyes were filled with somnity and unease. Wanu opened his eyes and asked calmly, "What's wrong? Is this Red Rock Tribe very strong? Chapter 248 is simply the worst possible outcome." The village chief, with a pained expression, nodded and explained in a dry voice, "Strong is an understatement, Lord Lu." The Crimson Rock tribe ranked 26th in the last competition. "They are definitely a top tier team. Their people are naturally skilled at manipulating fire, and their fighting style is extremely ferocious, making them very effective against puppets like ours that are primarily made of wood. We were so unlucky. Out of over a 100 villages, we drew them in the very first round. This is the worst possible outcome. The village chief side repeatedly, looking as if the sky had fallen. Upon hearing the match arrangement, the other people in the rest area also cast sympathetic glances at this side. Shadow puppet village. That's the village that's always at the bottom. They're really unlucky to run into the Crimson Rock Tribe right away. Yeah, what's the point of fighting? The Red Rock Tribes flames are the natural nemesis of those wooden lumps. I bet that shadow puppet village thug will be burned to ashes in 3 minutes. I think 3 minutes is an overestimation. 1 minute is more like it. Let's just surrender and avoid making a fool of ourselves. Various gloating comments were heard without any attempt to conceal them. In looked at Lan Yu, but her expression didn't show much worry because she had witnessed Lan Yus strength firsthand. The other party is fine, I guess. So, still had some minor concerns. However, Lan Yus face remained calm and composed. He stood up, stretched his limbs, and calmly said, "Let's go. It's time to go on stage." The village chief stammered as he asked, "Lord Lu, do you do you still want to go on stage? How about How about we just forfeit? There's no need to take this risk. It wouldn't be good if someone got hurt. Lan Yu ignored the other party and walked straight towards the designated competition platform number 17. Watching Lan Yus composed figure, Ing Yun and the village chief exchanged glances, unsure of what to say. As if by some strange twist of fate, the despair in their hearts dissipated considerably. The number 17 competition platform is a circular platform paved with blue stone slabs with a diameter of about 50 m. At this moment, a tall young man with a full head of red hair was already standing on one side of the platform. He was shirtless, revealing bronzecoled rock-hard muscles. His skin was covered with flame-shaped crimson lines. Held no weapon in his hands. He simply stood there casually. A scorching and violent aura emanated uncontrollably from his body, causing the surrounding air to become somewhat distorted. He is the representative sent by the Chiian tribe. time. He is also the top expert among the younger generation of their tribe. Chiefing seeing Lan Yu walk onto the competition stage. A disdainful smile curled at the corner of Chiefing mouth. He looked Lanu up and down, his eyes like those of someone looking at a lamb to the slaughter. Chiefing voice carried a condescending arrogance. I've heard that you're the thug hired by Shadow Puppet Village. Lanu did not answer, but just looked at him quietly. Chiefing didn't seem to care and continued speaking to himself. Kid, let me give you a piece of advice. Get off the stage yourself and you'll suffer less. After all, if you thugs get seriously injured and develop some kind of chronic illness, you won't be able to make a living in the future." His tone on the surface sounded like he was offering well-intentioned advice. But the undisguised sarcasm and contempt in those words were more jarring than any vicious curse. A burst of laughter erupted in the rest area of the Chiian tribe below the competition platform. Haha, brother foam is awesome. This is how you deal with arrogant thugs who don't know their place. Someone hired from a run-down village dares to challenge our red rock tribe. How laughable. Meanwhile, in Shadow Puppet Village, both Shadow Cloud and the village chief were furious. In Yun was so angry that she trembled all over. This is outrageous. How could they insult people like this? On the competition stage, despite Chiefing provocation, Lan Yus face remained expressionless. He spoke softly. His voice not loud, yet it clearly carried throughout the entire competition area. Have you finished talking nonsense? Chiangs smile froze and his eyes instantly turned cold. You fool, since you're so eager to die, I'll grant your wish. The moment the words fell, the referee in charge of supervising the competition also announced loudly. Let the competition begin. Boom! As soon as the referee finished speaking, a violent flame suddenly erupted from Chiefing's body. The crimson aura burned fiercely on his body like a volcanic eruption, enveloping his entire body. Fireb blast fist. Chief roared and the blue stone slab beneath his feet cracked instantly. He transformed into a crimson meteor. Carrying temperatures high enough to melt gold and iron. It charged fiercely towards Lanu. He didn't even bother with any fancy techniques. It was all about the purest, most direct power and the crushing force of fire. In his opinion, this punch would be enough to end the fight against a guy who controls wooden puppets. The audience below the stage gasped in surprise. Such speed, such doineering flames. With that punch, that thug will probably be blasted to dust. In Yun's heart jumped into her throat, and she nervously covered her mouth. However, facing this earthshattering punch, Lu remained standing still without moving an inch. He simply raised his hand and snapped his fingers lightly. Smack. With a crisp sound, a humanoid puppet, entirely black, appeared. It appeared before him without warning, like an indestructible shield. It firmly blocked Chiefing's path. Upon seeing this, Chiefing's disdain deepened. You think this piece of wood can stop me? Instead of slowing down, he poured even more shadow energy into his right fist. He was going to use this punch to smash this overconfident puppet along with the kid behind it into pieces. The next second, the fist burning with raging flames slammed hard into the chest of the black puppet. Boom! A deafening explosion erupted on the competition stage. Crimson flames and violent shock waves instantly engulfed the entire platform, raising clouds of dust. Everyone instinctively squinted and craned their necks, trying to see the scene through the smoke and dust. In their minds, that punch had destroyed the wooden puppets of Shadow Puppet Village. It must have been torn to pieces, reduced to charred remains. It's over. In the Red Rock Tribes rest area, some people had already started celebrating. With that punch from Brother Foam, that kid will be seriously injured, if not killed. However, as the smoke and dust slowly dissipated, the sight that was revealed made everyone present almost pop their eyes out of their sockets. On the dueling platform, the completely black puppet remained firmly in place. Kid, don't you know that smoke doesn't cause injury? Chapter 249. They actually won. On stage, no one could believe their eyes. The puppet used its own chest to take the brunt of chiefing s devastating punch. Apart from a small area on its body being blackened by the flames, it was otherwise unharmed. Incredibly, completely unharmed. Not even a single crack. On the contrary, the confident chiefing staggered back three steps before barely managing to regain his balance. His right fist, which was burning with flames, was trembling slightly, and his face was filled with shock and disbelief. "How how is this possible?" he cried out in disbelief. He used 70% of his strength in that punch just now, let alone a wooden puppet. Even a piece of refined steel would have been blasted with a huge hole by him. But this thing in front of us actually withstood it, and it doesn't seem to have wavered at all. What the hell is this thing? What? What's going on? That puppet actually blocked Chiefing's Firestorm fist. Am I seeing things? The material of that puppet doesn't look like metal, so how can it be so hard? The audience below the stage was completely dumbfounded. Those who were originally gloating and waiting to see the shadow puppet village make a fool of itself. The expression on his face at that moment was as if he had swallowed a fly hole. It was absolutely hilarious. Ingun and the village chief jumped up from the stone bench in excitement. On the competition stage, Lan Yu looked at Chi Fo, who was in a state of astonishment without changing his expression. Shadow puppet village. It belongs to the type that becomes harder the more shadow power is injected. Although there is a limit to its hardness, it is more than enough to withstand these six-star shadow masters. This is perfect for Lan Yu. After all, even he himself doesn't know how much shadow power he possesses. Lan Yus voice rang out softly. Is that all the strength you have? It's like I haven't eaten at all. Chiefing was so angry by Lan Yus words that his face turned red and veins bulged on his forehead. You damn it, don't get cocky. That was just a warm-up. He roared and the flames on his body surged again. This time unleashing his full power without reservation again. Chiefing transformed into a streak of fire once more, charging towards the puppet. However, Lanu simply snapped his fingers again unhurriedly. Smack. Another identical pitch black puppet appeared out of thin air next to the first puppet. What? Chiefing's pupils contracted. Two before he could even react. Smack. Smack. Smack. Lanu's fingers moved as if playing an elegant melody, striking the strings three times in succession. Three pitch black puppets reappeared in front of him. In the blink of an eye, there were five tall, imposing pitch black puppets. Like five insurmountable mountains. They stood side by side blocking Lon Yu's way. The space behind him was completely protected. The entire arena became crowded with the appearance of these five puppets. The cold and heavy sense of oppression made everyone feel suffocated. Five. Five bodies. He He can actually control five puppets at the same time. Are you kidding me? When did Shadow Puppet Village produce such a monster? The audience below the stage erupted in shears. If Lanu producing an indestructible puppet only surprised them. So the fact that he can now control five puppets at the same time is enough to terrify them. Controlling a puppet and multitasking is already genius. Multitasking is genius. To be able to multitask and maintain independent combat capabilities for each puppet. In their understanding, this was simply impossible. This guy, is he really a temporary thug hired by Shadow Puppet Village? You call this temporary thugs? If these are thugs, then what are we? Useless trash. I suspect this isn't a thug at all. This is definitely a genius that Shadow Puppet Village has been secretly cultivating for many years, hiding his true abilities all along. The direction of public opinion shifted dramatically in an instant. No one dared to underestimate Lanu anymore, and no one dared to mock Shadow Puppet Village anymore. All eyes were focused on the indifferent looking blue-haired youth. His eyes were filled with awe and curiosity. At this moment, the most bewildered person on the competition stage was none other than Chiefing. His forward-rushing figure abruptly stopped in midair, staring blankly at the five black mountains before him, his mind a complete blank. He might still have confidence if he takes on one opponent. Fighting five. How are we supposed to fight them? Are we supposed to fight them with our heads? He felt like a worker preparing to demolish a house, only to find upon arrival that what he was to demolish was not a thatched hut, but an impregnable fortress complex. Lanus voice rang out again, tinged with a hint of mockery. Shall we continue? Chiefings face turned pale and then red, looking extremely unwell. Fight. He doesn't even have the courage to charge in now. Not fight. Then the Red Rock tribe will lose all face today. Just as he was caught in a dilemma, Lan Yu decided not to give him any more time to think. Since you're not going to attack, then I won't be polite. Lu flicked his finger lightly. The five pitch black puppets with a flash of red light in their eyes seemed to be demons imbued with souls and moved at the same time. They marched with heavy steps from five different directions. They launched a siege on Chiefing, which had already fallen into a slump. In an instant, the wind howled and the air surged. Chiefing was instantly engulfed by the puppet's relentless barrage of attacks. He could only frantically activate the flames to form a shield around himself, struggling to hold on. Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Heavy fists pounded on his fire shield again and again, producing a dull thud like drumming. Each punch contained immense power, causing his blood to surge and his internal organs to feel as if they were about to shift. His prized flames were as fragile as paper before these seemingly indestructible puppets. I admit it. Chiefing finally couldn't hold on any longer and was about to admit defeat. One of the puppets, however, seemed to have timed it perfectly, delivering a precise uppercut that slammed into his chin. Chiefing let out a muffled groan as he was sent flying high into the air. It traced a beautiful parabola in the air before crashing heavily onto the edge of the competition platform with a thud, instantly losing consciousness. The entire room fell into a deathly silence. Everyone stared in disbelief at the scene, unable to recover for a long time. Did we win? Puppet Village, which everyone underestimated, actually won. Red Rock Tribe ranked 26th in such a decisive and overwhelming manner. After what seemed like an eternity, the referee finally snapped out of his days and announced loudly. Match 17. Shadow Puppet Village wins. Chapter 250. I advise you not to cause any unnecessary trouble. As soon as he finished speaking, the entire audience erupted in thunderous cheers and applause. Meanwhile, on another arena stage, the battle ended at almost the same time. Bloodwolf Village, ranked 10th, faces off against Iron Mountain Tribe, ranked 15th. The black-haired youth only used one move, one cut. They then chopped the representative of the Taan tribe off the competition platform. Clean, efficient, and utterly doineering. Two truly outstanding dark horses burst into everyone's view in the first round of the competition with the most dazzling performance. After the first round of competition ended, the entire arena was immersed in an exciting and enthusiastic atmosphere. The Red Rock Tribe and the instant annihilation by the blood wolf stronghold became a hot topic of conversation. Lan Yu and the Blackhaired youth, these two dark horses who suddenly emerged, are undoubtedly the most dazzling stars of the day. Just who is that blue-haired kid from Shadow Puppet Village? He's incredibly powerful. Yes, controlling five such powerful puppets at the same time is unheard of. I feel like he hasn't even used his full strength yet. And that black-haired guy from Bloodwolf Stronghold is even more ruthless. He took down an expert from Iron Mountain Tribe with a single strike. And that's a team ranked 15th. Looks like this year's competition is going to be quite a show. These two might even disrupt the top 10 standings. Amidst the murmurss of the crowd, Lu had already stepped down from the competition platform and returned to the rest area of Shadow Puppet Village. Lord Lu, you you are amazing. As soon as he returned, Ing Yun and the village chief excitedly came to greet him. The village chief's face was beaming like a blooming chrysanthemum, his wrinkles crinkling together. In Yun s amethystlike eyes sparkled with admiration as she looked at Lanu. We We actually won. We won against the Red Rock Tribe. The village chief was so excited he was almost incoherent. Am I dreaming? Lu looked at their excited expressions and simply nodded calmly. I told you it's not difficult for him. The fight just now was hardly even a warm-up. He chose to fight with puppets partly to fit the identity represented by Shadow Puppet Village to avoid arousing unnecessary suspicion. On the other hand, it is also his consistent style of doing things, keeping a low profile before you fully understand the complexities of this world. Having an extra card hidden means you're safer. He didn't want to expose all his abilities to the public just for a moment of fame. In the following rounds of competition, Lan Yu continued his steady style. No matter who the opponent is, no matter what moves they use, he simply summoned the five pitch black puppets at a leisurely pace. Then, in the simplest, most direct and most unsolvable way, crush your opponent. His fights lacked any fancy techniques or thrilling scenes. Yes, there is only absolute power in defense. Five indestructible puppets form an insurmountable steel defense line, rendering any attack feudal. Then came a brutal, relentless beating. The whole process was tedious and boring, but it was extremely effective. Winning streak. Shadow Puppet Village is advancing triumphantly and is unstoppable. The opponent ranked 98th wins. The opponent ranked 73rd wins. The opponent ranked 52nd wins. Victory after victory caused Shadow Puppet Villages ranking to soar like a rocket. Lan Yu's reputation as the five puppet Azuras spread throughout the entire giant stone city. Everyone knows that shadow puppet village which used to be at the bottom of the rankings has produced an unfathomable monster this year. Meanwhile, another dark horse, the black-haired youth from Bloodwolf Stronghold, also demonstrated unparalleled dominance. His fighting style is completely opposite to Lan Yu's. If Lan Yu is a fortress as solid as Mount Thai, then he is a sharp sword with its edge fully exposed. In every match, he only used one move, one cut. Regardless of whether the opponent is strong or weak, whether they are on the defensive or on the offensive, he only used one knife. A blade of light, incredibly fast and doineering, flashed by, and the battle was over. His opponents don't even have a chance to react before they are sent flying out of the arena. This overwhelming power terrified everyone. Then an interesting phenomenon emerged. This year's tribal competition has almost become a personal showcase for these two dark horses. All eyes were on them. People were amazed by the unbeatable defense and manipulation techniques of Lan Yu, the five puppet Azuras. On one hand, they were shocked by the terrifying attack power of the one/ Azura from Bloodwolf Stronghold. Everyone is speculating which of these two dark horses is stronger. If the two of them were to face off, would Lan use strongest shield be able to block the opponent's strongest spear? Or is it the opponent's strongest spear that can cleave through Lonu's strongest shield? On the other side of the arena in the blood wolf stronghold s exclusive rest area, the black-haired youth was sitting on a luxurious animal skin chair, polishing his long black sword. In front of him floated a light screen displaying a match that Lu had just finished. In the scene, Lan Yu still maintains his calm and collected demeanor, commanding five puppets to easily defeat his opponent. The black-haired youth looked at Lan Yu in the picture, and for the first time, a hint of interest appeared on his usually cold face. He stopped wiping the knife and muttered to himself, "That's interesting. How could a village ranked outside the top 100, possibly higher thugs of this caliber?" He could tell that Lanu had not used his own power from beginning to end. The five puppets were quite strong, but not to the point that he should be wary of them. What truly interested him was Lan Yus composed demeanor and his incredible manipulation skills. This is a master, a master like him who concealed his true strength. His fighting instincts told him that this person was very strong. A long, dormant fighting spirit slowly rose in his chest. The black-haired youth licked his lips, his eyes gleaming with a warlike light. I really want to fight him. Just then, a middle-aged man dressed as a butler with a smile appeared. She walked over carrying a cup of tea that emitted a unique fragrance. The middle-aged man handed over the teacup with a respectful tone, but his eyes held a hint of helplessness. Young master, it's time to take your medicine. He naturally saw the match on the screen and heard his young master talking to himself. The middle-aged man spoke up to offer advice. Young master, I advise you not to cause any unnecessary trouble. We're only here to earn some travel expenses and to complete the task assigned by the master. There's no need to cause unnecessary trouble in a place like this. Chapter 251. That blue-haired kid is in danger. He glanced at Lan Yu on the light screen and continued. That person's origins are unknown, and his strength is unfathomable. Perhaps he has other motives just like us. The wisest choice is for us to keep to ourselves and not interfere with each other. The black-haired youth took the teacup, drank it all in one gulp, and frowned because of the bitter taste of the medicine. He curled his lip, and said dismissively, "What's there to be afraid of? It's just a fight. I'm just itching for a match and want to find a decent opponent to warm up my muscles." The middle-aged man looked at him and sighed helplessly. This young master of ours is good in every way, except for his belligerent nature, which is really a headache. Hopefully, he won't really do anything reckless. On the other side, Lu has just finished another competition. His opponent was a village ranked 17th, which was quite strong, but the result remained unchanged. Surrounded by five puppets, the opponent couldn't even touch the hem of Lanu's clothes before being defeated in frustration. With this victory, Shadow Puppet Village has successfully broken into the top 20, reaching 17th place. This ranking has broken the highest record in the history of Shadow Puppet Village. The village chief and Ingy Yun were so excited they could hardly speak. If we win just one more game, we we can make it into the top 11. The village chief trembled with excitement. 11th. This was a ranking they never even dared to dream of before. And now that dream is within reach. The atmosphere in the arena reached a new climax due to the upcoming Clash of Titans. Because Lan Yu's opponent for the next match has already been determined that ranked 11th in the previous competition, the Flowing Sand Tribe. The Flowing Sand Tribe, a top 16 team in the previous competition, possesses strength and foundation, far surpassing their previous opponents. The atmosphere in their rest area was somber. A lean and sharp-eyed young man, Jang, and an elderly man with white hair and beard were sitting around a light screen, repeatedly watching recordings of Lu's previous matches. The young man's name was Sand Scorpion, a genius that the flowing sand tribe rarely saw in a century. Their sand control skills are superb, and they are also their representative in this competition. Sand Scorpion's gaze was fixed on the five pitch black puppets in the light screen, his brows furrowed. Village Chief, what do you think? The old man, who was also the village chief of the flowing sand tribe, pondered for a moment before slowly speaking. This person is not simple. His shadow magic is profound, and when combined with the puppet, he has extremely high resistance to any attack. Ordinary attacks cannot harm them in the slightest. What's even more terrifying is his ability to control five things at once. It's simply unbelievable. The five puppets work together seamlessly, combining offense and defense, and are almost without any weaknesses. Sans Scorpion nodded, a hint of seriousness flashing in his eyes. I admit his puppetry skills are indeed genius level. In a pure- ranged combat, I have no chance of winning. At this point, he changed the subject, a confident smile appearing on his face. However, he is not invincible. The old man looked at him. Oh. Sans Scorpion pointed at Lan Yu on the light screen and analyzed. You see, he hid behind the puppet the whole time and never made a move himself. Even when the opponent occasionally breaks through the puppet defense line and gets close to him, he only commands another puppet to come back to defend instead of taking action himself. What does this mean? The old man's eyes lit up. This means that he himself is not good at close combat. All his strength is concentrated on those five puppets. The sand scorpion smile grew increasingly confident. That's right. My idea is simple. As long as we can find a way to temporarily trap his five puppets, then seize the opportunity to engage him in close combat. Once I get close enough, I only need one move to take him down. He had absolute confidence in his close combat skills. His quicksand technique allows him to manipulate sand for ranged attacks. It can also adhere sand to its body, forming a tough layer of sand armor, greatly enhancing its melee attack and defense capabilities. He believed that as long as he could get close, that guy who only hid behind the puppet would be no match for him. Upon hearing this, the old man clapped his hands in praise. Great, excellent plan. Let's do it. Under the watchful eyes of everyone, the duel between Lan Yu and Sand Scorpion officially began. The dark horse of Shadow Puppet Village versus last year's top 16. This match is absolutely thrilling. Do you think that five puppet Azura can continue his winning streak? It's hard to say. The sand scorpions of the quicksand tribe are not the pushovers they used to be. Their sand control techniques are unpredictable and extremely difficult to deal with. Murmurss rose and fell in the audience. On the competition stage, Sand Scorpion looked at Lanu opposite him with a confident smile on his face. He began to speak. I have to admit, you're very strong. However, your winning streak has come to an end. Lu didn't even bother to lift his eyelids, simply repeating the same actions as before. Smack, smack, smack, smack, smack. Five pitch black puppets, once again like loyal guards, stood in front of him. Seeing this, the Sand Scorpion sneered. Is it that trick again? I'm so tired of seeing it. The moment the referee announced the start, Sand Scorpion slammed both hands onto the ground. Secret technique, quicksand hell. Boom. The entire competition platform, paved with blue stone slabs, began to tremble violently. Immediately afterwards, the hardstone slabs, like melting candles, quickly transformed into an endless sea of yellow sand. The entire competition arena was transformed into a desert in just a few seconds. Splash! The yellow sand surged and five giant hands made of sand suddenly shot into the sky from the sea of sand. The five sand palms, as if alive, grabbed at Lan used five puppets with lightning speed. The puppets immediately retaliated with punches, smashing the sand palm to pieces. However, the shattered sand did not dissipate. Instead, it turned into more quicksand, which like maggots clinging to bones, entangled the puppet's body. In the blink of an eye, the lower bodies of the five puppets sank deep into the quicksand, unable to move. It's a success. A glint of light flashed in the sand scorpion's eyes. This is exactly the effect he wanted. His quicksand hell is not for defeating the puppets, but for trapping them. Now it's your turn. With a light tap of his toes, sand scorpion shot forward like an arrow, stepping on the churning yellow sand towards Lan Yu, who was being protected by the puppets in the middle. On his body, yellow sand gathered and quickly condensed into a majestic suit of sand armor. His right hand transformed into an incomparably sharp blade of sand. A great opportunity. Sand Scorpion's tactics have succeeded. He has trapped those five puppets. That blue-haired kid is in danger. He's about to be caught in close combat. Chapter 252. An unexpected decision. The audience members below the stage all stood up excitedly. Ingun's heart was in her throat. She never expected that the sand scorpion would have such a powerful ability to alter the terrain. Lanus puppet is trapped. How will he deal with this deadly close-range attack? The sand scorpion was incredibly fast. In the blink of an eye, it broke through the puppet's defenses and arrived in front of Lan Yu. The gleaming sandblade was less than half a meter away from Lan Yus throat. A victorious smile had already appeared on his face. In his opinion, this guy who only knows how to hide in the back is doomed. However, just as his blade was about to touch Lan Yus skin, the panicked expression he had anticipated did not appear on Lan Yus face. The blue-haired youth still wore that expression that was almost too calm. He didn't even try to dodge. He simply slowly raised his right fist. Then he threw a punch at the sand scorpion. This punch appeared to have no force or energy fluctuations. It was as if an ordinary person had casually waved their hand. A hint of disdain flashed in the eyes of the sand scorpion. When death is imminent, you still want to fight back with such weak fists. How laughable. He ignored Lanu's fist, and the sand blade in his hand continued its momentum, aiming straight for Lan Yu's vital point. The next second, fist and blade about to meet. At this critical moment, a strange armor as black as ink and with a metallic sheen suddenly appeared on Lan Yu's fist. King's demon armor. Boom! An unimaginable explosive force erupted from Lonu's fist. The smile on Sand Scorpion's face froze instantly. He only felt an irresistible terrifying force coming from the other person's fist. His sand blade, formed from highdensity sand grains, was considered indestructible. The moment it made contact with the opponent's fist, it shattered like paper. Immediately afterwards, that force struck his prized sand armor without any resistance. Snap! A crisp cracking sound rang out. The armor of sand shattered instantly. Puff! Sand scorpion was struck dumb, spitting out a mouthful of blood, his whole body like a kite with a broken string. It flew backward at an even faster speed than it had come. He crashed heavily onto the edge of the arena, creating a large crater in the sand. After struggling for a few moments, he could no longer get up. Sold out instantly. Another sellout. The entire arena fell into a deathly silence. Everyone seemed frozen in place, staring blankly at the blue-haired youth on the stage. He slowly withdrew his fist, and the menacing black demonic armor on it dissipated. What just happened? That guy whom everyone thought was weak in close combat actually killed the sand scorpion who was known for his close combat skills with a single punch. This is ridiculous. Who's the weakling in melee combat anyway? The same thought popped into everyone's mind. Their values are being repeatedly trampled and rubbed into the ground by this man named Lan Yu. When the referee recovered from his extreme shock and announced Lanu's victory, the entire arena erupted like a powder keg that had been detonated. What did I see? A punch. Just one punch. The sand scorpion sand armor is known for its strong defense. How could it be destroyed with just one punch? What kind of monster is this guy? His puppetry skills are so abnormal and his close combat ability is so terrifying. Does he even allow anyone else to live? An all powerful war god. He's practically an all powerful war god without any weaknesses. The audience went absolutely wild. Previously, they only regarded Lan Yu as a strong, dark horse. So now, in their minds, Lan Yu has risen to a level that can be compared with those monsters who have been dominating the top five for years. Some have even begun to make bold predictions. This year's champion may very well be this blue-haired youth in the rest area of Shadow Puppet Village. The village chief's mouth was agape, and he couldn't close it for a long time. He looked just like a dried up statue. He was so shocked by Lan Yus displayed strength that he became numb. Inguns mouth was slightly open and little stars twinkled in her purple eyes. She knew Lan Yu was very strong, but every time Lan Yu managed to redefine her understanding of the word strong. The man who seemed like a god descended from heaven in her eyes could never be seen to have his limits. With this victory, Shadow Puppet Village has risen to 11th place in the rankings. If they win just one more game, they can break into the top 10. Top 10. That's the glory that every village around Stone City dreams of. This means that in the next 5 years, they will receive more than 10 times the resources they do now. The village chief was so excited just thinking about it that he almost fainted. However, just when everyone was expecting Lanu to continue creating miracles and hoping that Shadow Puppet village, the biggest dark horse, could make it all the way to the finals. A decision that surprised everyone was quietly brewing. After the competition ended that day, Lanu returned to the rest area. But before he could even sit down, Ingy Yin came looking for him. The girl's face no longer held the excitement and exhilaration of the past. Instead, it displayed a somnity and composure beyond her years. She looked at Lanu, took a deep breath, and seemed to have made a difficult decision. Lord Lu, for the next match, we forfeit. Lu looked at her with some surprise. Upon hearing this, the village chief became anxious and rushed over. What? Forfeit? Young girl, are you crazy? We're in 11th place right now. Just one more win and we'll be in the top 10. How can we give up such a great opportunity like this? The village chief was so anxious. He was jumping up and down. In Yune ignored the village chief. Her gaze was fixed firmly on Lan Yu, awaiting his answer. she explained slowly. Village Chief, I know it would be a pity to give up now, but have you ever thought about it? Our shadow puppet village is just a small village ranked outside the top 100. We were able to achieve such great results this time because of you. However, this is far beyond the position we should be in. Her voice wasn't loud, but her reasoning was exceptionally clear. The taller the tree, the more the wind will blow against it. Since we have suddenly climbed to such a high position, we can certainly get more resources. But at the same time, it will inevitably affect the interests of other powerful villages, especially those forces that have consistently ranked in the top 10 for many years. Chapter 253. The village chief's request. Shadowcloud continued to explain. What will they think of us? Will they be willing to let a village like ours, which is at the bottom of the rankings, take away their position and resources? In the competition arena, there are rules that limit them so they might not dare to do anything. But what happens after the competition? Can our shadow puppet village withstand the wrath and retaliation of a top 10 village? When Lord Lu leaves, how will our village cope? These words left the village chief speechless. The excitement and fervor on his face gradually faded, replaced by deep fear and apprehension. Yes, he was only thinking about the glory and benefits in front of him, but forgot about the huge risks hidden behind them. Shadow Puppet Villages foundation is too weak. They simply cannot afford such unexpected good fortune. Lanu looked at the girl in front of him, and for the first time, a hint of approval appeared in his eyes. He never expected that this seemingly naive girl would have such a long-term vision and such decisive judgment. It is no easy task to maintain a clear head and know when to stop in the face of enormous profits and glory. Wu nodded. I'm fine for him. What ranking he achieved in the competition was completely unimportant. His goal was simply to obtain the dark crystal. Since the people from Shadow Puppet Village had voluntarily withdrawn from the competition, he was naturally happy to relax. The fewer matches you play, the less risk you have of exposing your true strength. The next day, he was the host of the arena. It was announced that Shadow Puppet Village had decided to withdraw from the competition because its main player, Lanu, suffered a relapse of an old injury in a previous battle and was unable to continue participating. The entire arena erupted in uproar. What? They withdrew from the competition. What a joke. When he killed Sans Scorpion with a single punch yesterday, he didn't look injured at all. A recurrence of an old injury. You're kidding me. That's just an excuse. What a pity. I was really looking forward to seeing him fight that one sort of jura from Bloodwolf Stronghold. Now I can't watch it. The audience members were discussing among themselves, their faces filled with disappointment and confusion. They couldn't understand why Shadow Puppet Village, which was riding high, would choose to give up at this critical juncture. However, inside a secluded luxury box in the arena, inside the private room sat representatives from several of the top 10 villages. They were sitting together, discussing something sinister. An old man with a sinister face said coldly. That kid from Shadow Puppet Village has become a force to be reckoned with. If he keeps winning, one of us will inevitably be pushed out of the top 10. That's right. 5 years worth of resources is no small amount. We absolutely cannot let some wild brat who's popped up out of nowhere steal it. Another burly man chimed in. My suggestion is to go all out and take him out before the next match starts. Do it cleanly without anyone noticing. I agree. Once he's dead, Shadow Puppet Village will revert to being a helpless piece of trash that everyone can manipulate. The atmosphere in the room was filled with a chilling murderous intent. They had already decided to kill them just as they were about to vote on whether to take drastic measures against Lanu. One of his men rushed in and reported that Shadow Puppet Village had withdrawn from the competition. The room fell silent instantly. The murderous intent on the faces of those representatives slowly faded, replaced by expressions of relief. He forfeited the match. Huh, he's smart to be sensible. The sinister old man sneered. Since they've withdrawn on their own, there's no need for us to go through all this trouble. It'll save us from leaving any loose ends that could cause problems if the city lord's mansion finds out. That's right. As long as our interests are not harmed, there is no need to go to extremes. An assassination plot against Lan Yu was thus thwarted by Ing Yun s wise decision. The day after announcing their withdrawal from the competition, the courtyard that Shadow Puppet Village had arranged for him, he keenly sensed that the gazes that had been subtly fixed on him since the start of the competition, filled with prying and malice, had disappeared. It seems that Shadowcloud strategy has indeed been effective. However, this is for the best. It saved a lot of unnecessary trouble. The controversy surrounding the competition gradually subsided. Shadow Puppet Village ultimately withdrew from the competition, but their 11th place finish is enough to give them several times more resources over the next five years than before. The whole village was immersed in a joyous atmosphere. That evening, the village chief held a small celebration banquet in his stone house. Only Lan Yu Ing Yun and a few village elders participated. The village chief, holding a wine cup polished from stone, stood up, his face flushed. Lord Lu, thank you so much this time. If it weren't for you, our shadow puppet village would never have the glory it enjoys today. On behalf of all the villagers of Shadow Puppet Village, I raise a toast to you. After saying that, he drank the slightly cloudy fruit wine in his glass in one gulp. Lanu took a symbolic sip in response. He has never been interested in such social engagements. Several elders also stood up and expressed their gratitude and flattery to Lu. Lu only gave peruncter replies. The atmosphere at the banquet was quite lively. After several rounds of drinks, the elders were quite drunk and supporting each other took their leave. Only Lan Yu, Ing Yun, and the village chief remained in the stone house. The village chief poured Lan Yu another glass of wine, his smile somewhat mysterious. He rubbed his hands together, seemingly hesitant to speak, but finally mustered the courage to say it. Lord Lanu, this old man has another request. Lanu glanced at him, signaling him to continue. The village chief took a deep breath as if he had made up his mind and solemnly said, "My lord, your strength is extraordinary, and your character is noble. You are truly the only person I have ever met in my life. Our shadow puppet village is truly fortunate to have met a powerful figure like you." This old man dares to suggest that Inyune and you, sir, be betrothed. Puff! Hearing this, Ingun, who was sipping her juice nearby, spat out the juice she had just taken a sip of. She coughed until her face was red, and her purple eyes were wide open as she stared at her village chief in disbelief. "Village, village chief? What? What nonsense are you talking about?" Lu was also slightly takenback, not expecting the old man to suddenly pull such a stunt. The village chief ignored Inguns reaction, staring intently at Lan Yu as he continued to throw out his chips. Lord Lu, if you are willing to marry into our shadow puppet village and become one of us. I am willing to pass the position of village chief to you. All the resources in the village are at your disposal. Furthermore, we will also present you with another ancestral seven-star puppet from the village as part of the betroal gifts. Yun is the most outstanding girl in our village. Her character and appearance are both top-notch. She would never be unworthy of you. Chapter 254. Additional gains. The terms he offered were undeniably generous. The position of village chief grants him the power to allocate resources at will along with a seven-star puppet. This is an enormous temptation for any ShadowClan member enough to elevate them to the top in one step. Looking at his sincere and eager appearance, Lanu instantly understood the old man's plan. The Marriage Alliance and betroal gifts are just a pretense. His true purpose was to use this method to completely and permanently bind his powerful fighting force to the shadow puppet village. It has to be said that this old man has a very good plan. However, he was destined to be disappointed. Lu had no interest in becoming a village chief. He came to the shadow realm only to complete a mission, improve his strength, and then return to the human world. This place is just a stop on his journey through life. He cannot stay here forever. Just as Lan Yu was about to politely refuse, "Village chief, please stop talking." Ingun suddenly stood up, interrupting the village chief with a mixture of shame and anger. She quickly walked up to the village chief, grabbed his arm, and dragged him out of the stone house. "You've had too much to drink. Go back and rest." The village chief is still struggling. "Hey, young girl, what are you doing? I'm not drunk. I'm discussing serious matters with Lord Lan Yu." Ingun didn't give him another chance to speak and dragged him out of the stone house. Soon, complaints came from outside about the village chief being forcibly taken away. A short while later, Ingun returned, her face flushed. She dared not look Lan Yu in the eye, her head lowered, her voice barely audible. Lord Lan Yu, I'm sorry, Grandpa Village Chief. He's just getting scenile. Please don't take what he just said to heart. Lan Yu looked at her embarrassed appearance and smiled faintly. Fine. Ingun looked up and secretly glanced at him, only to breathe a sigh of relief when she saw that he didn't seem angry. She bit her lip and said softly, "I know you had other destinations, and your appearance here was just an accident. I knew you wouldn't stay here." Her voice carried a hint of barely perceptible disappointment, but more so a clear-headed understanding. She was more intelligent and insightful than he had imagined. Silence fell over the stone house for a moment. After a long while, Ingy Yun seemed to remember something and turned to walk to a corner of the stone house. A heavy black metal box was pulled out from a hidden compartment. She placed the box on the table in front of Lan Yu and pushed it towards him. Lan Yu asked, "What's this?" A genuine smile appeared on Inguns face. "This is the compensation you deserve." She opened the box. It lay quietly inside the box. It was none other than the core component of the sevenstar puppet that had shown brightly in the competition along with a thick manual on its operation. Lord Lu, this time you have won unprecedented glory and benefits for our village. A single dark obsidian crystal is far from enough to repay your kindness. Please accept this sevenstar puppet. This is the reward you deserve. Lana was somewhat surprised. Isn't this your village's most prized treasure? What will you do with it if you give it to me? In blinked and smiled. mischievously. There is indeed one more in our village, so please accept it without worry. Don't worry about us." Looking into her sincere eyes, Lanu knew that it would seem pretentious to refuse again. His help this time has indeed brought great benefits to Shadow Puppet Village. This seven-star puppet was indeed a significant boost to his combat strength. Lu nodded and put the box away. Having obtained the dark crystal and the sevenstar puppet, Lanu had no reason to linger in Shadow Puppet Village. The next morning, he bid farewell to the village chief and Ingy Yun. Although the village chief was extremely reluctant to part with him, he knew that forcing him to stay was useless, so he could only thank him repeatedly and tell him to be careful on his journey. Leaving Shadow Puppet Village, Lanu began his journey toward his next goal, following the map and information he had obtained from Skinny Monkey. His current location is roughly within the territory of the king of knowledge in the middle of the entire film industry. To return to the human world, he needs to go to the port city at the easternmost edge of this territory, Endless Harbor. There, you can take a special ship across the dangerous sea of shadows to reach the outer region of the shadow realm. Once you reach the outer regions, you won't be far from the human world. There are not only the headquarters of various guilds and shadowman legions there, but also a stable spatial passage that allows one to return to reality. According to the map, the journey from his current location to Endless Harbor is long. If it were an ordinary member of the Shadow Clan, it would probably take them more than half a year to walk there. But this is not a problem for Lanu. He possesses the wings of the holy dragon, allowing him to fly regardless of terrain. He estimated that if he traveled at his own pace at full speed, it would take him about a month to reach the port. Before embarking on his long journey, Lyu decided to return to Giant Rock City to purchase some necessary supplies. Upon arriving once again in this modern film metropolis, Lanu easily found the city's market. He bought some food and water that were easy to carry and store. In addition, he also specially bought a lot of a staple food unique to the film industry, black rice. This type of rice is completely black and when cooked, it has a chewy texture and a unique aroma. Most importantly, Lanu discovered that consuming this black rice could slowly increase the shadow energy within his body. Although the growth was minimal, it was better than nothing. He thought to himself that this thing was a pretty good local specialty and he could bring some back for his sister and his guilmates to try. After making all these preparations, Lanu found a hotel in Giant Rock City that looked fairly clean and settled in. We planned to rest for one night and then officially set off the next day. It was late at night. In the hotel room, Lanu took out the black metal box containing the sevenstar puppet from his storage space. He opened the box and took out the fist-sized black core sphere. He infused a wisp of shadow energy into it, then tossed the sphere to the ground. Buzz. With a flash of black light, the tall and mighty sevenstar puppet appeared in the room, almost filling the small space. Looking at the powerful combat weapon before him, Lanu smiled with satisfaction. This is definitely one of the biggest gains from his trip to the film industry. In Shadow Puppet Village, he didn't idle around. Instead, he thoroughly studied the manipulation manual that ShadowCloud had given him. He has now basically mastered the fighting style of this sevenstar puppet. This puppet can unleash combat power comparable to a true seven-star lord in battle. The only drawback is that it consumes an extremely large amount of the user's shadow energy. An ordinary six-star shadow master would probably be drained of energy in less than 3 minutes of combat using it. However, this weakness is nothing to Lan Yu, who possesses unlimited shadow power. Middle-aged housekeeper Uncle Wong. Chapter 255. They'll be coming to our door soon. His influence is virtually limitless. He briefly manipulated the puppet to move its limbs around the room, familiarizing it with the feeling of power before returning it to the core sphere. After doing all this, he sat cross-legged on the bed and closed his eyes to rest. The next day, just as dawn was breaking, Lan Yu then checked out of the room and left Giant Stone City. Arriving at a deserted wilderness outside the city, the holy dragon wings behind him suddenly flapped, and he transformed into a streak of light, soaring into the sky and flying rapidly eastward. The wind was fierce high in the sky. Lu was moving at an extremely fast speed, and the mountains and rivers below rushed past him. This feeling of freedom and soaring made him feel good. However, this was only about half an hour after he left the city of Boulder. A familiar engine roar suddenly came from ahead. Lanu frowned and stopped. In the sky ahead, a black land-based vessel that looked somewhat familiar, floated silently, blocking his path. This land-based vessel has an ornate design and is clearly very valuable. Bloodwolf Village, which ranked 10th in the tribal competition, had ridden. Two people were standing on the deck of the land-based boat. One was the dark-haired youth who, like him, was also called a dark horse. The other was the middle-aged guard, who always stayed by the young man's side with a gentle smile on his face. Lu could tell that the stronger of the two was the middle-aged guard. Judging from the fluctuations in his aura, the black-haired youth was only six-star, just like himself. The middle-aged man, though his apparent strength was only seven stars, was actually hiding his true strength, which should be at least eight stars. Wu was getting impatient. He thought he would have no further contact with these people after the competition ended, but he didn't expect them to be here waiting for him. Hello. The black-haired youth opposite had obviously also seen Lu. He pointed at Lan Yu, looking displeased, and spoke first, his voice loud and clear, questioning, why did you withdraw from the competition back then? Lu looked at him and answered expressionlessly. My old injury flared up again, so I had to withdraw from the competition. This is the official reason given. So he naturally didn't bother to make up any other ones. However, the black-haired youth immediately became furious upon hearing this. He pointed at Lanu and started cursing. You're just standing here, not injured at all. Old wound flared up again. Who the hell are you trying to fool? Lu was too lazy to waste words with him. His eyes turned cold and he said indifferently, "Gentlemen, just say what you need to say. I'm in a hurry." The black-haired youth was even more displeased with his attitude. He stepped forward and said with fighting spirit, "It's simple. Since we couldn't fight during the competition, let's have a good, satisfying fight right here." The loser has to cow out three times to the other person. "How about it? Are you in?" However, before he could finish his arrogant words, the middle-aged man next to him covered his mouth. "Wh the middle-aged man with a kind smile on his face said apologetically to Lanu." Excuse me, sir. My young master had his head caught in a door when he was little, so he's not very bright. Please don't take it to heart. As he spoke, he held down the struggling black-haired youth tightly. He meant that he greatly admired your fighting style in the previous competition and wanted to spar with you to verify each other's strength. What do you think? Lanu glanced at them indifferently. Not interested. After saying that, he prepared to bypass Lu Shinghao and continue on his way. He didn't have time to waste with this hot head. However, he was just about to leave. But the middle-aged man's voice rang out again. But this time, the voice didn't come from his mouth. It rang directly in Lan Yus mind. It's a kind of telepathic ability. Your Excellency, please consider this carefully. Regardless of the outcome of this sparring match, I will tell you some information that is absolutely beneficial to you at this moment. The voice that suddenly rang in his mind made Lonu pause slightly. He stopped, turned his head, and his gaze fell on the middle-aged man who still had a smile on his face. Telepathy? That's interesting. However, he did not show any abnormality. Does it contain intelligence that is absolutely advantageous to me? Lu sneered inwardly. He had seen this kind of trick used by charlatans many times. They simply want to use some pretentious and mysterious words to deceive themselves and achieve their goals. He's not that easy to fool. I said, I'm not interested. Lanu reiterated his stance and turned to leave. He felt that saying even one more word to these people was a waste of his life. However, the moment he turned around, the middle-aged man's voice rang in his mind again like a ghost. But this time, the content made Lanu's pupils shrink sharply. You must have killed someone in the southern district of Boulder City not long ago, right? And we also obtained a decent treasure from those people. If I'm not mistaken, it should be a mythical relic. Boom. These words exploded in Lanu's mind like a thunderclap from the heavens. He turned around abruptly, his eyes fixed on the middle-aged man like two drawn swords. How did this person know about this? Besides himself, the only other people present were the two assassins from Eternal Knight Pavilion and the unfortunate leader of the Claw Society. These people had all been blasted to dust by his six senses skill, Dragon's Roar. There can't be any survivors left at the scene. How did he know? Was he there at the time? Impossible. Given the range of his six senses, he couldn't possibly have failed to notice if there were others nearby at the time. Countless thoughts flashed wildly through Lan Yus mind. He forced down his emotions and tried his best to remain calm. He knew he absolutely couldn't afford to lose his composure at this crucial moment. Lan Yu responded coldly in his heart. What are you saying? I don't understand. The middle-aged man seemed to have anticipated his denial. His smile remained gentle, but his deep eyes gleamed with an all- knowing light. He continued, speaking telepathically. Sir, please don't misunderstand. I have no ill intentions toward you, and I have no interest in the mythical relic in your possession, much less the intention to use it to threaten you. I just wanted to kindly remind you, the two people you killed were assassins from the Eternal Knight Pavilion. And the Eternal Knight Pavilion is under the command of the Eternal Knight King, one of the seven great kings. They often bear a very subtle tracking mark on their bodies and the valuables they carry. That kind of mark is impossible to detect using ordinary detection methods. I suppose the pursuers from the eternal night pavilion are already searching the world for you. Following the mark on that treasure, they'll come knocking on our doors soon. Young master. Chapter 256A. Competition. A transaction. Tracking the trail. Pursuers from the eternal night pavilion. Wanus heart sank. He remembered the boundarybreaking feather that was temporarily unusable. At the time, Nidth Hog only mentioned that there were restrictions on it, but did not mention the tracking mark. Could it be that even Nithog didn't notice? It's not impossible. After all, although Nidhog is a god, she doesn't know much about the film industry of this era. If what this middle-aged man said is true, then wouldn't I be like a moving target carrying a time bomb? The thought of a group of powerful assassins possibly coming to his door at any moment gave Lanu a headache. He hates this kind of trouble the most. Lanu asked himself in a deep voice. Why should I believe what you're saying is true? He remained vigilant. After all, words are not enough. Who knows if this guy is bluffing. The middle-aged man seemed to smile slightly. It seems you won't believe it unless I show it to you for yourself. The words had barely left his mouth. The middle-aged man slowly raised his right hand. Some strange and complex black runes flashed across his palm. Then he spread his five fingers and gently beckoned in Lanus direction. It's such a simple action. The next moment, Lanu suddenly felt the box containing the boundary breaking feather in his storage space begin to vibrate violently. A faint blue light seeped out from the box. It seemed as if an invisible force was pulling it, urging it to break free from its constraints and fly away. Lu's expression changed, and he hurriedly used his shadow energy to suppress the box's unusual movements. When he looked up at the middle-aged man again, his gaze had completely changed. Fear and a hint of killing intent. This thing can actually activate the mark on that feather. He wasn't lying. Upon seeing this, the middle-aged man stopped what he was doing, and a hint of amusement appeared on his face. I am not very talented, but I once stayed in the eternal night pavilion for a period of time, so I have some understanding of some of their methods. If you agree to a duel, I will tell you how to remove the tracking mark regardless of the outcome. How about it? His voice echoed in Lan Yus mind once again. Lanu fell silent. The middle-aged man offered him a deal he simply couldn't refuse. To exchange a trivial sparring match for an opportunity to eliminate future troubles and resolve a huge potential threat. This deal is a good deal no matter how you look at it. Good. After a long while, Lanu slowly uttered this word in his heart. I promise you. Upon receiving Lanus affirmative reply, the middle-aged man's smile grew even brighter. He released his hand from the black-haired youth. Young master, he agreed. The black-haired youth, who had been holding back his anger for a long time, jumped up as soon as he was freed, pointed at Lanu and roared with high spirits. Just how much this so-called five puppet Azura really is. Lanu looked at his impatient appearance, but his heart remained calm. Since we've decided to fight, this is a good opportunity to test the power of my seven-star puppet. With a thought, the sphere containing the core of the sevenst star puppet appeared in his hand. Lanu asked calmly, "Shall we fight here?" Just as the black-haired youth was about to nod, the middle-aged man next to him spoke up again with a smile. "It's too spacious here. It wouldn't be good if we made too much noise and attracted unnecessary attention." He pointed to a range of mountains below. "Why don't we go down there and fight? It's deserted and perfect for us." Lu nodded indifferently. It doesn't matter to him where he plays. The group landed in a deserted valley. With its jagged rocks and sparse vegetation, this place is indeed a great spot for hands-on activities. Bring it on. The black-haired youth couldn't wait to draw his long black sword as soon as he landed. The blade was pointed directly at Lanu, and his aura rose steadily. Six-star peak. His strength is on the same level as Hu Yao from the claw society back then, but Lanu could sense that this hot head was much stronger than Hu Yao. His aura was more refined and purer, carrying an indomitable sharpness. He is clearly a person with a solid foundation and extensive experience. The middle-aged guard stepped aside with his arms crossed and kindly offered a reminder. Young master, be careful. Don't get beaten to death. If I carry the body back, the master will scold me. The young man turned around and cursed. Are you cursing me? However, Lan Yu ignored their bickering and threw the black ball in his hand to the ground. buzz, a flash of black light, and the oppressive seven-star puppet suddenly appeared in the valley. When the black-haired youth saw the puppet, which was even larger and more ferocious than the one he had seen on the competition stage, his pupils contracted slightly. "Oh, you changed to a new puppet? It looks much more powerful than the previous five." His face showed no fear whatsoever. On the contrary, he became even more excited. That's more like it. Hopefully, this iron lump of yours can last a little longer than the previous ones," he shouted loudly, and his figure vanished from the spot in an instant. Shadow Blade, a black blade of light, moving at incredible speed, was like lightning tearing through space. It appeared in front of the sevenstar puppet without warning and chopped off its head. This strike was swift and ruthless, containing terrifying power capable of splitting mountains and shattering rocks. However, the sevenstar puppet's reaction was equally swift. Under Lonu's control, its huge metal arm suddenly rose up like a black iron wall that precisely blocked the blades light. Clang. A piercing metallic clang echoed through the valley. Sparks flew everywhere. The black-haired useful full force strike was actually blocked by the puppet's arm. Only a faint white mark was left where the blade collided with the arm. What? For the first time, a look of horror appeared on the black-haired youth's face. His shadow blade is his most prized skill. Combined with the treasured sword in his hand, it can cut even a defensive shadow weapon of the same level in two with a single strike. But this puppet in front of us actually blocked it without getting hurt with its own flesh. No, with its arm. Just how ridiculously hard is this thing? Before he could recover from his shock, the sevenstar puppet's arm that had blocked the attack suddenly spread its five fingers, transforming into a giant iron claw that slashed down at his head. The howling wind made it almost impossible for the black-haired youth to breathe. He was greatly alarmed and quickly sheathed his knife. He then pushed off with his feet and retreated rapidly, narrowly avoiding the grab. Boom! The enormous iron claws landed where he had just stood, tearing five deep furrows into the hard rock. Looking at the horrifying claw marks, a bead of cold sweat appeared on the black-haired youth's forehead. If he were caught red-handed, he had no doubt that he would be instantly crushed into a lump of minced meat. You've got some skill. He studied himself, his gaze becoming extremely solemn. He realized he had underestimated the puppet in front of him. This thing's strength has definitely surpassed the six-star level and reached seven stars. A six-star shadow master control a seven-star level puppet. What kind of monster is this kid? Chapter 257. Let's cow out three times first. The last trace of disdain in the black-haired youth's eyes vanished completely, replaced by an unprecedented somnity. He took a deep breath, and the shadow energy in his body surged violently like boiling water. Wolf shadow clone. He let out a low shout and the shadow energy around his body surged violently. The next second, two clones identical to him, made of pure shadow energy, appeared on his left and right sides. Three black-haired youths simultaneously wielded long swords and charged at the sevenstar puppet from three different directions once again. That's interesting. Lanu watching this scene from afar nodded in approval. This hotad's shadow skills are indeed quite impressive, especially his tricky swordsmanship. This incredibly realistic clone technique is definitely top tier at the six-star shadowmaster level. Any opponent of the same level would probably be in a panic and completely disorganized by now. Unfortunately, he encountered himself today, and the person he was playing with wasn't even human. Despite being attacked from three sides, the Sevenstar puppet's scarlet electronic eyes remained completely unmoved. Under Lonu's mental control, its enormous, almost clumsy body made an incomprehensible move. Suddenly, its knees sank, and the rocky ground beneath its feet was instantly covered with spiderweb like cracks. Immediately afterwards, those two metal thighs, comparable to giant pillars, suddenly burst forth like springs compressed to their limit. Boom! The ground cracked open, and its enormous body leaped high into the air and slammed down on the three black-haired youths below like Mount Tai. Not good. The black-haired youth's expression changed drastically. He never expected that this seemingly clumsy puppet could perform such tricks. He quickly directed his two clones to meet the giant foot that was falling from the sky while his main body swiftly dodged backward. Bang! Bang! Two muffled thuds. The two shadow clones were crushed like bubbles the moment they touched the giant puppet's foot, serving no purpose whatsoever. The puppet landed heavily on the ground with a loud thud, and the entire valley seemed to tremble. Although he escaped a fatal blow, the black-haired youth situation became even more passive. The sevenst star puppet gave him no chance to breathe. As soon as it landed, the ancient rune on its chest suddenly lit up. Buzz. A powerful energy gathered in its chest. The next second, a thick, dark red beam of energy, powerful enough to pierce through mountains, suddenly shot out from its chest, heading straight for the black-haired youth's body. Magic annihilation cannon. This is the strongest attack method that this sevenstar puppet possesses. The beam of light was incredibly fast, arriving in front of the black-haired youth almost instantly. A deadly sense of crisis made the hairs on the black-haired youth's body stand on end. His pupils contracted sharply. He tried to dodge, but it was too late. At this critical moment, he could only pour all the shadow energy in his body into the long sword in his hand. A criss-crossing net of blades formed in front of him, attempting to block this devastating attack. Rumble. An even more terrifying explosion rang out in the valley. The dark red energy and the black blade light collided and annihilated each other wildly. The entire valley was bathed in dazzling light. Lanu, who was some distance away, squinted as he looked at the epicenter of the explosion. He knew the battle should end. Really, when the light fades, the black-haired youth knelt on the ground, panting heavily. A deep bottomless ravine was left in the ground in front of him, stretching all the way to the end of the valley. Although he barely managed to block the shot, he was already on the verge of exhaustion. The precious sword in his hand was covered with cracks and was almost shattered. He himself was dressed in rags with a trace of blood at the corner of his mouth. Looking extremely disheveled, he looked up at the unharmed, still terrifying Sevenstar puppet, and for the first time, a hint of helplessness appeared in his eyes. He lost a complete and utter defeat. Just then, the sevenstar puppet raised its arm again. However, just as it was preparing to deliver the final blow to the black-haired youth, its movement suddenly stopped. The black-haired youth was startled and looked up. The sevenstar puppet, which he had previously destroyed, was now healing the crack in its chest caused by his sword energy at a speed visible to the naked eye. In just a few breaths, the crack disappeared without a trace, as if it had never existed. this this can even repair itself. The black-haired youth was completely dumbfounded. If you can't beat them but can't kill them, how are you supposed to play like this? What he didn't know was that this puppet could self-repair indefinitely as long as there was a sufficient supply of shadow energy. Lu s shadow energy is limitless. So to him, this sevenstar puppet was a indestructible fighting machine. Seeing the blackhaired youth's desperate expression, Lanu was too lazy to continue playing. He manipulated the puppet to slowly walk forward. The battle was decided in 5 minutes. The black-haired youth was punched in the stomach by the sevenstar puppet. He flew backwards, his body arched like a boiled shrimp. He fell heavily at the feet of the middle-aged guard, completely losing his fighting ability. Young master, the middle-aged guard looked at the black-haired youth who had fallen unconscious at his feet, but the smile on his face did not diminish. On the contrary, it seems to have gotten even worse. He crouched down to check the young man's injuries and found that he was not seriously hurt. They then threw the other party back onto the land vessel. That's no different from throwing away trash. He stood up, looked at Lanu walking slowly towards him and the terrifying sevenstar puppet behind him, his face grave, and said, "Your strength is truly remarkable. I admire you." Lanu didn't speak, but simply put the seven-star puppet back into its core state. The battle was over, and he couldn't be bothered to say anything more. However, the black-haired youth who had been knocked unconscious, possessed, and unusually tenacious will to live. He slowly woke up after a short while. Cough, cough. He clutched his stomach and struggled to sit up. The first thing he did was look at Lanu, his eyes filled with resentment and anger. Again, again. I haven't lost yet. He gritted his teeth, wanting to hit again. However, just as he was about to stand up, a middle-aged guard next to him pressed down on his shoulder with one hand. That hand looked weak, yet it was like an unshakable mountain, rendering him immobile. Young master, that's enough. Stop embarrassing yourself. The middle-aged guard's face regained its signature smile. A loss is a loss. Is it really that hard to admit defeat? After saying that, he ignored the black-haired youth resistance and forcibly pulled his head down hard in the direction of Lanu. Come on, young master. A bet is a bet. Let's count out three times first. Bang. The black-haired youth's forehead made solid contact with the hard rock ground, producing a dull thud. Chapter 258. When What will you use to win? You, Uncle Wong. You. The black-haired youth was both shocked and furious. He struggled desperately to lift his head. However, the middle-aged guard's hand that was holding him down remained completely still. Bang. Bang. Two more times. The middle-aged guard actually forced the black-haired youth to cow out three times to Lu. Throughout the entire process, the black-haired youth was cursing and swearing, but because he was no match for the middle-aged guard, his resistance seemed so pale and powerless. Lanu stood aside, watching this scene with a blank expression. He had no interest in this kind of cow and apology drama. However, he also gleaned more from the middle-aged guard's actions. This so-called guard treated his young master was nothing like a subordinate treating a superior. It's more like an elder disciplining a disobedient junior. Or perhaps they are two enemies. After he cowtowed three times, the middle-aged guard finally let go of his hand. The black-haired youth got up from the ground with a humiliated look on his face and glared fiercely at Lanu. She glared at the middle-aged guard again, then stormed off to sulk. The middle-aged guard ignored him and walked up to Lanu, smiling as he said, "All right, sir. The sparring is over. As agreed, I will now tell you how to find and remove that mark. After saying that, he closed his eyes. The next second, a complex and obscure message was transmitted directly into Lonu's mind via telepathy. It was a special incantation and a unique method for circulating shadow energy. According to the information, as long as this method is used and the incantation is recited, the tracking mark of the eternal night pavilion will have nowhere to hide. then it is completely removed using specific techniques. Lanu silently memorized this information and mentally went through it. After confirming that there were no problems, he nodded to the middle-aged guard. Thank you. The middle-aged guard smiled and waved his hand. No need to be polite. It's just a transaction, and I don't have a good impression of those guys from the Eternal Night Pavilion. After the transaction was completed, Lyu did not linger. With a flap of the holy dragon wings behind him, he soared into the sky, transforming into a streak of light and disappearing into the horizon. Watching Lon use departing figure, the middle-aged guard's smile slowly faded, replaced by a deep contemplation. The black-haired youth, still sulking, walked over, his face still full of resentment. Uncle Long, what are you doing? I was just careless. I'm sure I can win if we fight again. The middle-aged guard glanced at him and retorted mercilessly. Win? What do you have to win with? That seven-star puppet can continuously repair itself. As long as the controller has enough shadow chi, it is an indestructible war machine. If you keep trying to wear it down, you will only be the one who gets worn down in the end. The black-haired youth was still unconvinced. That guy is just relying on his puppet's power. If he were to attack me himself, I could easily cut him down with one strike. The middle-aged guard's face once again wore that playful smile. Yeah, I feel like they were already holding back by using that sevenstar puppet to fight you. If I'm wrong and he really does go in person, I'm afraid you won't even last one round. The black-haired youth seem to have heard the biggest joke imaginable. What? Uncle Wong, you're not kidding, are you? He's only a six-star like me. How could I not even last one round against him? But halfway through the argument, he quieted down. Because he knew Uncle Wong well, the other man's ability to judge people was exceptionally accurate. The middle-aged guard shook his head and offered no further explanation. His gaze turned toward the direction where Lanu had disappeared, his expression growing increasingly solemn and complex. "And for some reason, I always have a very strange feeling." The black-haired youth asked curiously. "How does it feel?" The middle-aged guard paused, then slowly uttered a sentence that left the black-haired youth dumbfounded. I have a feeling if I had done it myself just now. I'm afraid I can't beat him either. What? The black-haired youth was utterly shocked, staring at his uncle in disbelief. What? What nonsense are you spouting? Didn't you just recently become an eight-star shadowmaster? An eight-star shadowmaster think he couldn't beat a six-star shadowmaster? This is simply a fantasy. The middle-aged guard looked at his shocked expression, remained silent for a moment, and then gave a self-deprecating laugh. H maybe it's just my imagination. He said it like that, but the feeling in his heart was exceptionally clear. That blue-haired youth is no ordinary person. He harbored far more secrets than he imagined. After parting ways with the mysterious master and servant, Lan Yu did not linger in the same spot. The holy dragon wings behind him shone brightly. All 10 wings flapped together, and his entire body transformed into a dazzling stream of light. It tore through the sky and disappeared instantly at the horizon. High in the sky, the gale force winds were like knives, howling as they lashed against our bodies. But for Lan Yu, who possesses the body of a king, these are nothing more than a gentle breeze. While maintaining high-speed flight, he repeatedly rehearsed the secret technique he had just received from the middle-aged guard in his mind. It was an extremely complex and obscure incantation accompanied by a unique method of circulating shadow energy. Completely different from any other method of cultivating shadow energy he knew. It's more like a reverse analysis and interference. According to the description in the information, the tracking mark of the eternal night pavilion is not a simple shadow mark. It is a special rune that has a weak connection with the laws of space and is extremely well hidden. Ordinary detection methods simply cannot detect it. This is why even Nidhthog didn't realize it at the time. After all, Nidhthog is a god. However, her understanding of the various strange and unusual methods developed by filmmakers in this era was not comprehensive. To remove this mark, one must first use a specific method of circulating shadow energy. Disrupt the subtle spatial fluctuations around the mark causing it to emerge from its latent state. Then use that special incantation to completely neutralize and erase it. Lan Yu mentally rehearsed the entire process several times, making sure he understood every detail. He finally breathed a sigh of relief. However, he did not start immediately. This is high in the sky, and although it's a remote place, no one can say for sure what might happen to pass by. The process of removing the mark must be completely undisturbed. He needed to find a place that was absolutely safe and completely hidden. Lan Yu activated his six senses and his immense perception spread like an invisible net enveloping the continuous mountain range below. Soon he discovered a hidden cave deep in the mountains and forests. The cave was hidden behind a waterfall, its entrance concealed by dense vines. If he hadn't used his six senses to conduct a thorough search, it would have been almost impossible to find with the naked eye alone. This is it. Chapter 259 is probably not short of money. Lanu moved swiftly like a nimble bird, silently passing through the water curtain and landing in the cave. The cave was dry and spacious, filled with a faint earthy smell. It's clear that no living creatures have visited for a long time. Just in case, Lyu first summoned the sevenstar puppet and ordered it to guard the cave entrance. This enormous war machine is like a silent guardian deity. Any creature that dares to approach will be torn to shreds in an instant. After doing all this, Lan Yu sat down cross-legged at the deepest part of the cave. He took out the black box containing the boundary-breaking feather from his storage space. As soon as the box appeared, Lanu felt a faint sense of being watched. This feeling was extremely subtle. If he hadn't just obtained the method to eliminate it and hadn't deliberately tried to sense it, he probably wouldn't have been able to detect it at all. There really is something. Lu's eyes turned cold. The thought of carrying this thing around all the time makes me feel like a moving target. He felt a surge of unease knowing that assassins from the eternal night pavilion might come knocking on his door at any moment. What he hates most is the feeling of being secretly watched. Without further hesitation, Lanu took a deep breath and began to circulate the shadowqi within his body according to the method in his mind. This is a completely new experience. The power of chaos and the energy of shadow flowed slowly through his meridians in an unprecedented manner. This process was not smooth. In fact, it was somewhat sluggish. It's like making a river that's used to rushing into the sea suddenly flow upstream, creating a sense of inongruity. But Lu was extremely patient, adjusting the flow and trajectory of the shadow energy little by little. Carefully manipulated them, moving them towards the box containing the boundarybreaking feather. Buzz. That unique aura touched the box. A sudden change occurred. On the otherwise unremarkable black box, there was a structure composed of countless tiny runes. A complex mark emitting a faint blue light slowly emerged. The mark was like a living thing. After sensing Lu s shadow aura, it began to flicker violently as if trying to struggle and disappear back into the void. Trying to run, Lanu snorted coldly and increased the output of his shadow energy. At the same time, his lips moved slightly as he began to recite the ancient and obscure incantation. Each syllable seemed to carry a strange power, directly affecting the blue mark. As the incantation was recited, the mark flickered even more intensely. The blue light emanating from it flickered and dimmed, appearing extremely unstable. Lanu could clearly sense the faint connection between the mark and the space gradually severed and disintegrated by its own incantations and shadow energy. This process lasted about 15 minutes. Finally, when Lanu finished reciting the last syllable pop, a soft sound like a bubble bursting. The blue mark entangled on the box trembled violently and then completely lost its light. It turned into specks of blue light and dissipated into the air. It's done. Lan Yu immediately used his six senses to investigate again, but the faint sense of being spied on had vanished without a trace. "How about it?" he asked himself. Nidhogs voice echoed in his mind, tinged with approval. "Yes, it has indeed disappeared. I never expected that in this era, someone could still research such a method for targeting spatial imprints. It's quite interesting. Only after receiving confirmation from Nidhog did Lanu finally feel completely relieved. The time bomb that had been hanging over his head has finally been diffused. Although I don't know who the middle-aged guard and the black-haired youth are. But this time, I do owe them a favor. However, Lanu didn't take it too seriously. For him, it was simply a fair trade. He fought and the other side provided intelligence. They were even. With his biggest worry gone, Lanu felt a sense of relief. He retracted the sevenstar puppet into its core state and left the cave. The wings of the holy dragon behind him unfolded once more and he soared into the sky. After determining its direction, it continued to fly rapidly eastward. His next destination was Cloudhouse City, a large city in the territory of the King of Knowledge in the central part of the film world. According to the markings on the map, that is the largest distribution center for supplies in the surrounding area. It is also the only way to reach the eastern port city of Endless Harbor. He needed to replenish his supplies there and gather the latest intelligence to prepare for the long journey ahead. Two days of flight was nothing to Lan Yu, who possessed the wings of the holy dragon. The outline of a huge city shrouded in a light mist. When the horizon appeared, Lu knew he had arrived at his destination. He slowly descended and landed in a grove of trees several miles from the city gate. He put away the holy dragon wings and then walked towards the city gate. From afar, he could see the towering city walls and the endless stream of people. Cloudhouse City was even more magnificent than the stone city he had seen before. At the city gate, squads of guards and standard armor were checking pedestrians and caravans entering and leaving. Lanu walked forward at a leisurely pace, following the flow of people. However, the closer Lanu got to the city gate, the more he frowned. He noticed that the procession at the city gate was moving unusually slowly, and the atmosphere was somewhat oppressive. Everyone who wants to enter the city, whether they are Shadow Clan or any other race, must obediently hand over a few glittering shadow crystals when being checked by the city gate guards. This is clearly blatant solicitation of bribes. Lonnie was not surprised by this. Such things happen all the time. He has never liked to cause trouble, adhering to the principle that it's better to avoid trouble. He took out several pieces of decent quality shadow crystal from his storage space, intending to pay for them directly later. However, while he was waiting in line, a considerable commotion suddenly broke out in front of him. Hey, what do you mean? Didn't we agree on five shadow crystals per person? How come it's 50 for us? A voice that sounded somewhat unconventional, yet carried a hint of coldness, rang out. Lanu looked in the direction of the sound and saw two well-dressed ShadowClan youths who did not look like locals being stopped by a group of guards. The one who spoke was one of the black-haired youths. He wore a black eye patch over his left eye, leaving only his right eye exposed, which gleamed with impatience and danger. The guard captain, whom he was questioning, had a greedy and arrogant expression on his face. He looked the two of them up and down and said with a forced smile. Judging from your distinguished attire, "You two are probably not short of money." "50 shadow crystals are nothing to you, right? Stop talking nonsense and pay up, there are other people waiting." Chapter 260 shouldn't be such a coincidence. The guard was clearly taking advantage of the fact that the two were from out of town and looked wealthy. He then hatched a wicked plan to raise the price at the last minute and extored a large sum of money from the customer. "Huh?" The oneeyed youth sneered. his laughter devoid of any warmth. "You think you're so great, huh?" Before he finished speaking, his figure vanished from the spot in an instant. The next second, he appeared in front of the guard captain as if by magic. One hand, like an iron clamp, gripped the other person's neck tightly, lifting him into the air. The guard was off the ground, struggling desperately, his face turning red. He made a horse sound in his throat, but couldn't utter a complete sentence. The oneeyed youth's voice was cold and devoid of any emotion. That's good enough. Seeing that we were well-dressed, they assumed we were easy targets from out of town and tried to raise the price on the spot, which is a bit unethical. He spoke softly, but everyone around him could hear him clearly. It turned out the guard was trying to extort money, but he ran into a brick wall. Such things are common in many places, but it is truly rare to see someone who dares to take action directly at the city gate like this oneeyed youth. How dare you? The other guards finally reacted, drawing their weapons and surrounding the two men. A burly man who looked like the guard captain pointed at the oneeyed youth and shouted sternly, "Who are you? How dare you attack the guards of Cloudhouse City? Put him down right now." Upon hearing the words, "Cloud House City." The surrounding onlookers instinctively took a few steps back. Her gaze toward the two men held a hint of pity. Everyone knows that the city lord of Yun Wu City is a seven-star lord level powerhouse and he is no pushover. Those who offend the city lord in this city usually don't farewell. However, upon hearing the captain's reprimand, the oneeyed youth showed no fear whatsoever. Instead, a cruel smile curled at the corner of his mouth. Okay, put it down. As he spoke, he applied slight pressure to his hand. Snap! A crisp sound of bone cracking rang out. The guard he was holding tilted his neck at an odd angle. The struggling motions stopped abruptly, and there was no sound at all. The young man casually tossed the now corpse-like body of the guard at the captain's feet like trash. He used his single eye to coldly observe the guard captain, whose expression had drastically changed. "Here, I've put it down." His tone was casual, as if he had only done a trivial little thing. H. A collective gasp of astonishment rippled through the crowd. Murder. This guy actually dared to kill someone at the city gate. This is no longer a simple conflict. It is an open provocation against the ruler of the entire Cloudhouse city. Yuyu, the guard captain, was completely stunned by this scene. He pointed at the young man, his lips trembling, unable to utter a single word for a long time. The guards behind him were even more terrified, their faces turning pale, and their hands gripping their weapons trembling slightly. The oneeyed youth in front of them exuded an undisguised, murderous aura. It made them feel like they were facing not a person, but a ferocious beast that had crawled out of the abyss and was ready to devour anyone it could. The captain of the guard finally came to his senses and roared at his men, his voice trembling with fear. What are you all standing there for? Get them. Arrest these two. However, his men looked at each other, and none of them dared to actually step forward. Just then, a massive and terrifying aura of shadow energy suddenly erupted from the oneeyed youth. That oppressive force, like a tangible wave, instantly swept across the entire city gate area. The guards around felt as if a mountain was pressing down on them. They suddenly found it hard to breathe. Their legs went weak, and they all collapsed to their knees with a thud. Even the guard captain turned pale and stumbled back several steps before barely regaining his balance. His eyes filled with horror. Seven stars. This seemingly young, oneeyed youth is actually a genuine seven-star lord level powerhouse. This is a huge problem. The oneeyed youth looked at the guards who were terrified. A cruel, eager smile appeared on his face as if he was about to unleash a massacre. However, just as he was about to make a move, the calm and composed man who had been silent all along suddenly reached out and grabbed his shoulder. The man's voice was calm yet carried an undeniable force. "Didn't I tell you not to cause trouble?" AI. The smile on the face of the oneeyed youth named AI froze and he seemed somewhat displeased. He curled his lip and said dismissively. They were the ones who started the trouble. The composed man sighed, rubbed his temples, and looked troubled. Well, seriously, that's why I hate mentoring newbies the most. After saying that, his face instantly put on a kind smile, and he raised his hands to the trembling guards. He said with a smile, "Everyone, it's a misunderstanding. It's all a misunderstanding. We are willing to cooperate with the investigation and go with you. He even turned back and gave the oneeyed youth a special reminder. Behave yourself and don't make any more moves. Although the oneeyed youth looked unwilling, he still obediently nodded and like his companion raised his hands. This dramatic scene left everyone stunned. One second they were murderous and ready to wreak havoc. The next second they raised their hands and surrendered. What kind of operation is this? The guards were stunned. Looking at each other, unsure of what to do. In the end, it was the guard captain who reacted quickly. He cautiously waved his hand, signaling his men to come forward. A few of the boulder guards then cautiously moved forward step by step. The two men were chained up with special shackles and then escorted towards the city lord's mansion. A bloody conflict that was on the verge of erupting ended abruptly and in a very unpleasant way. Lanu stood in the crowd witnessing the entire process. Those two people are very strong. He made his internal assessment. That oneeyed youth had reached the level of a seven-star lord at a young age and was rich in combat experience and decisive in killing. He was no ordinary person. The seemingly composed man, however, never revealed his true strength. But Lu could sense that he was no weaker than that lone youth. What Lanu cared about most was the faint, cold, and deathly killing intent emanating from them. This was very similar to the aura of the Eternal Night Pavilion assassins he had just met not long ago. Could these two be the people sent by the Eternal Knight Pavilion to chase after me? Lanu shook his head at this thought. It can't be that much of a coincidence. Chapter 2, 61. Space weaving. He suppressed his thoughts and following the restored flow of people entered the city gate. As per the rules, after paying a small bag of shadow crystals as an entrance fee, Lanu successfully entered this bustling city of Shadow Realm. Inside Cloud House City was even more prosperous than Lu had imagined. The wide street was paved with smooth blue stone slabs large enough to accommodate more than 10 carriages side by side. The streets are lined with shops and taverns, and people of all skin colors and attire come and go in an endless stream full of life and vitality. The air was filled with the aroma of food, the fragrance of wine, and the mixed sense of various exotic ingredients, creating a lively and bustling atmosphere. Lanu's goal was clear, to replenish supplies. He easily found the largest market area in the city. It's like a huge open air market with stalls packed tightly together and vendors loudly hawking their wares. From specialty foods to all sorts of strange and unusual materials and even some crudely made shadow puppets, it has everything. Lanu strolled around making purchases as he went. He bought some easy to carry dried meat and water as well as a large bag of black rice, a staple food unique to the film industry. Just as he was about to leave the market and find a place to stay, he suddenly stopped in his tracks because he saw those two Nightfall Pavilion assassins causing trouble at the city gate again. At that moment, the two were strolling leisurely through the market as if nothing had happened. The oneeyed youth was holding a skewer of grilled meat, his mouth greasy from eating it. The composed man followed behind him, looking utterly helpless. The pedestrians around them instinctively kept their distance from them as if avoiding a plague. Lanu overheard the whispers of several stall owners nearby. See those two? They killed the guards at the city gate, but nothing happened to them. They were released so quickly. SH, keep your voice down. Are you out of your mind? Those are people from the Eternal Knight Pavilion. Eternal Knight Pavilion? That's the Legendary Assassin organization. That's right. I heard they're backed by the Eternal Knight King, one of the seven great kings. Who would dare mess with them, let alone killing a guard? Even if they demolished the city lord's mansion, the city lord would probably have no choice but to accept it. Hearing these discussions, Lanu became even more certain of his guess. he thought to himself. As expected, they are from the eternal night pavilion. However, he wasn't too worried. The mark has been erased, so the other party could not possibly know that the boundary breaking feather is on him. Otherwise, given that oneeyed youth style, he probably would have attacked him directly at the city gate. To be on the safe side, Lu decided not to linger and left the city immediately after buying his things. However, just as he was about to turn and leave, Nidhog's voice suddenly rang in his mind. Wait, little guy. Lanu's heart skipped a beat. What's wrong? Nidhog's voice carried a rare hint of excitement. The third stall is to the left front. There's something good there. Lanu looked in the direction Nithog pointed. It was an unremarkable stall, and the owner was a thin old man who was listlessly dozing off. The stall was filled with a jumble of ores and bones, all of which looked like worthless junk. Lanu scanned the area with his six senses, but found nothing unusual. What good stuff do you have? Nidhog's voice carried a hint of smuggness. Your six senses are still far from adequate. At the very bottom of that pile of junk, there was a piece of space weaving crystals. Spac-ime crystallization. Lanu searched his memory but found no information about the name. What is that? Nit explained. A very rare advanced space material. This crystal is born on the edge of a spatial rift. Only under the repeated scouring and compression of spatial energy can a small piece be formed. It inherently contains extremely pure and stable spatial power. The restriction on your boundary breaking feather is essentially an external spatial shackle forcibly attached to it. And the power of spatial crystal weaving is like a key that can precisely target that shackle and dismantle it from the inside. In this way, the restriction can be broken without damaging the wing of boundary breaker itself. Upon hearing this, Lan Yus eyes lit up instantly. He never expected to encounter such a treasure here. The boundary breaking feather is a good thing. If we could remove the restrictions on it, if it were to be put back into use, its ability to survive and its strategic mobility would experience a qualitative leap. He absolutely must get his hands on this. Suppressing his excitement, Lanu casually walked towards the stall. He approached the stall, squatted down, casually picked up a few pieces of or that looked reasonably pleasing, and asked nonchalantly, "Old man, how much are these?" The god stall owner was startled awake, lazily raised his eyelids, and weakly quoted a price. While bargaining with him, Lu used the corner of his eye to spot the crystal at the very bottom of the pile of junk. It was a piece only the size of a fist, and its entire surface was a deep purple. Its surface is covered with irregular edges and corners, making it look like an ordinary amethyst. Nothing special. If Nidhog hadn't pointed it out, he would have definitely mistaken it for an ordinary stone and ignored it completely. Just as Lana was about to pick up the spaceweaving crystal as well. An arrogant and hotty voice suddenly rang out from behind him. I want everything on the street. The sound brought the hustle and bustle of the entire street to a halt. A murmur arose from the crowd. Isn't this the city lord's nephew, young master Lynn? Why did he suddenly come to the market today? Lu stopped moving, but he didn't turn around. He knew trouble was brewing this way. A young man dressed in a silver brocade robe and cloud-patterned boots swaggered over surrounded by a group of followers. This person is Linu, the nephew of the city lord of Yunu City. At this moment, young master Lynn was very agitated, extremely agitated. As the nephew of the city lord of Yun Wu City, he usually lived a very comfortable life. Wherever I go, I'm always surrounded by people who fawn over me and say all sorts of nice things to me. He also knew that everything he had now was thanks to his uncle, the city lord. Therefore, pleasing his uncle was the most important lesson he learned in his life. The problem is he was having too much fun with some friends a few days ago and completely forgot about something extremely important. Tomorrow is his uncle's birthday. He hasn't even prepared a decent gift yet. If his uncle finds out, he'll be skinned alive. Lyu broke out in a cold sweat at the thought of his uncle's imposing face. In desperation, he could only come up with this simple and crude method. They booked the entire street. Buy everything from every stall in the market. He refused to believe that among so many things, he couldn't find a treasure that would satisfy his uncle. What are you all standing there for? Didn't you hear what our young master Lynn said? One of Lin Yu's henchmen yelled at the surrounding stall owners. Pack up all your things. I'll take them all. The stall owners were stunned at first, then their faces lit up with ecstatic joy. Who cares about his background? When you encounter a god of wealth like this, why not quickly cling to his coattails? In an instant, the entire market came alive with stall owners busily packing up their goods, their faces beaming with joy. The onlookers, sensing the situation, quickly dispersed to make way for the arrogant young master. Soon, the once crowded streets became empty, except for that blue-haired youth who was still squatting in front of the stall, picking out stones by himself. Hey, you over there? Are you deaf? Chapter 262. All he wanted to do now was get rid of this big shot as soon as possible. That young nobleman seemed to be a relative of some important figure in Cloudhouse City, judging from his arrogant and fearless demeanor. The bodyguards around him were all around five-star level. Although they were insignificant in Lanus eyes, they were already a considerable force in this market. The surrounding stall owners and pedestrians witnessing this scene dared not speak out in anger and all avoided it. Clearly, this young nobleman had done this kind of bullying and intimidation quite often. However, he was destined to run into a brick wall today just as a bodyguard's hand was about to touch this space crystal. Many slowly stood up. He didn't speak, but simply looked at the young nobleman with a calm gaze. The young nobleman finally noticed Lan Yu. He sized Lan Yu up and down, and seeing his ordinary attire, a hint of disdain flashed in his eyes. "Um, what, kid? You have a problem with that?" One of his bodyguards stepped forward and shouted menacingly, "What are you looking at? Haven't you ever seen our young master land by things before? Get out of here." Lanu remained silent. He just had a fleeting thought. Buzz, a flash of black light. The oppressive seven-star puppet suddenly appeared in the open space of the market. When the 5- m tall, pitch black seven-star puppet resembling a demon god descending to earth appeared without warning in the center of the market. The whole world seemed to fall silent for a moment. The clamor of vendors shouts, the haggling and arguing, the footsteps of pedestrians. All the sounds came to an abrupt halt. At that moment, all eyes were drawn to the enormous figure that exuded a cold and terrifying aura. It was a pure, oppressive feeling stemming from absolute power. The puppet's scarlet electronic eyes, like two search lights from hell, silently scanned its surroundings. Everyone whose gaze swept over it felt as if their heart was being gripped by an invisible hand, making it difficult to even breathe. What? What is this thing? Seven stars. This oppressive aura. It's definitely a puppet at the sevenstar lord level. The film industry is a world where the strong are respected. Here, strength means everything. A person who can control the sevenstar puppet, regardless of his own rank, has a status that is equal to that of a city lord. After a brief silence, a horrified uproar erupted from the crowd. Holy crap. This is unbelievable. How come one lord level expert after another keeps popping up? Everyone reacted as if they had seen a ghost, desperately retreating and instantly creating a large vacuum around the puppet. The way they looked at Lanu had completely changed. Horror, awe, and a hint of fear. Who would have thought that this seemingly ordinary, even somewhat unremarkable, blue-haired youth was actually a terrifying being capable of controlling a seven-star puppet. This is no ordinary person. This is clearly a powerful Lordle expert who has been hiding his true strength. bewildered person in the room was none other than young Master Lynn, who had been arrogant and doineering just a second ago. The disdain and arrogance on his face had vanished without a trace, replaced by a deep-seated shock and fear. He stared blankly at the steel behemoth before him, which was as large as a mountain, and his legs went weak, almost causing him to kneel on the ground. His bodyguards were terrified. Their faces were deathly pale, and they were trembling so badly they could barely hold their weapons. Gulp. Young Master Lynn swallowed hard. He felt his throat was so dry it was practically on fire. Although he was a playboy, he wasn't stupid. He knew very well what a sevenstar lord level puppet meant. That means that the blue-haired youth in front of him possesses the power to easily crush him, let alone him. Even if his uncle, who works in the city lord's mansion, came, he would probably have to be very polite in front of this true powerhouse. The bodyguard who had just been verbally abusing Lanu now wished he could disappear into the ground. He kept his head down, not even having the courage to look at Lanu. Lan Yu ignored their reactions. His gaze remained calm. He walked slowly to the stall, ignoring the stall owner, who was already terrified. The deep purple space crystal from the pile of clutter. Upon handling the crystal, a cool sensation was felt, and at the same time, a faint yet peculiar spatial fluctuation emanated from it. Nth Hogs voice confirmed. That's right. That's it. Lanu nodded in satisfaction. He turned around, looked at the still dazed young master Lynn, and spoke softly, his voice not loud, but clearly reaching the ears of everyone present. I'm taking this. His tone was flat, without threat or command, as if he were stating a fact. However, this fact carries undeniable weight when contrasted with the terrifying pressure emanating from the Sevenstar puppet. Young Master Lynn was jolted awake and suddenly came to his senses. He looked at the purple crystal in Lan Yus hand, then at the demon-like puppet behind Lan Yu. His expression went from pale to ashen, a truly fascinating sight. Give up? He's really lost face today. How will he survive in Cloud House City from now on? Do not give up? What does he have to compete with them on? His uncle from the city Lord's Mansion. Stop joking. For such a worthless rock, he'd offend a lordle powerhouse. If his uncle found out, he'd definitely break his legs. What's wrong? Lanu asked again, seeing his hesitant expression. Do you have a problem with that? No, no objection. Absolutely no objection. At this moment, young master Linds will to survive triumphed over his ridiculous pride. He forced a smile that looked more like a grimace and waved his hands repeatedly at Lanu. Sir, it's a blessing that you've taken a liking to this stone. Please, please take it. He even kicked the terrified bodyguard next to him, yelling, "What are you all standing there for? Didn't you see the adults are carrying things? Get out of the way." The bodyguard, feeling as if he had been granted a pardon, scrambled to the side. The farce has come to an end. Lu had no interest in wasting any more time on such a minor character. He took out a small bag of shadow crystals from his pocket and tossed it to the stall owner, who was still in a days. Is this enough? The stall owner looked at the shadow crystal in his hand, then at Lanu, nodding his head like a chicken pecking at rice. Enough. Enough, sir. It is my honor that you have taken a liking to my things. How could I possibly accept your money? Consider this stone my tribute to you. All he wants now is to get rid of this big shot as soon as possible. Chapter 263. It seems I've been exposed. Lanu shook his head one thing at a time. After saying that, he ignored everyone. put this spaceweaving crystal into his bag, and then with a thought, he also returned the sevenstar puppet to its core state. The terrifying pressure that had enveloped the entire market vanished without a trace in an instant. Everyone felt a sense of relief and breathed a long sigh of relief, as if they had survived a disaster. Lu turned around, preparing to leave this place of trouble. However, in the instant he turned around, his six senses keenly caught a gaze full of inquiry and scrutiny. That gaze came from the second floor of a tea house not far away. Lanu felt a chill run down his spine and glanced discreetly in the direction of that gaze. Two people were sitting by the window of the tea house. It was those two assassins from the eternal night pavilion. At that moment, the composed man was slowly sipping his tea while the oneeyed youth was staring intently at him with an excited expression. On their table was a strange compass-like object. Lanus pupils contracted slightly. He sensed something was wrong. the second floor of the tea house, a window seat. The composed man is Sia, a senior assassin from the eternal night pavilion. He was slowly savoring a cup of fragrant cloud and mist tea. He liked this feeling. In between completing tasks, he would find a lively place and quietly watch people come and go, enjoying a moment of peace. This is a rare moment of relaxation for him. However, the newcomer beside him always managed to easily break the tranquility. Senior, senior, look. The oneeyed youth, Hi, excitedly slapped the table, pointed towards the market outside the window, and his voice trembled slightly. Sien didn't even bother to lift his eyelids and simply said indifferently, "What's all the noise about? You're about to spill the tea," Ai said urgently. "No, senior, look down there. That blue-haired kid, he he summoned a seven-star puppet." "Oh." Upon hearing the words sevenstar puppet, CF finally showed a reaction. He put down his teacup and looked in the direction AI was pointing. With just one glance, his gaze froze slightly. In the center of the market, the pitch black puppet exuding a terrifying aura was indeed a genuine sevenstar lord level being. The one controlling the puppet was actually a blue-haired youth who appeared to be only at the six-star level. A hint of surprise flashed in Sia's eyes. That's interesting. Excitement gleamed in Achi's single eye. He lowered his voice and said in an almost certain tone, "Senior, I think he might be the person we're looking for." See, I glanced at him and said dismissively, "Don't make wild guesses. How could someone who could kill two of our colleagues and erase the mark on the boundary-breaking feather be such a small fry who fights with people in the market?" Lu's guess was correct. These two were indeed pursuers sent by the eternal knight pavilion to track down the whereabouts of the mythical relic. However, not long ago, after Lan Yu erased the relic's aura, they could no longer sense its presence, and the trail went completely cold. S originally planned to give up and just get by, taking a vacation while he was at it. But his companion, the newcomer, Achi, was clearly a workaholic. But his new companion, AI, had a different idea. This section clarifies the villain's motivations and thoughts. Ai, however, didn't think so. His mind was exceptionally sharp. But senior, think about it. Anyone who can intercept and kill someone from our eternal night pavilion must be quite strong, at least a lord level. And to be able to erase the tracking mark personally set by the king is an extraordinary feat. This means that the other party is not only powerful, but also has a mysterious background and knows many secret techniques that we do not know. This kid in front of me can control the sevenstar puppet, which is abnormal in itself. Most importantly, the location where the mark was erased is not far from this city, only 2 days journey away. And then a seven-star expert just happened to appear. Don't you think that's a coincidence? Ai's analysis made Sia take another look at him. This kid, although he's a bit impatient, is definitely quick-witted. Sia hesitated for a moment, but then shook his head. What you said makes some sense, but these are all just guesses. In our line of work, the worst thing is to act based on guesses. AI pointed to the strange compass on the table. Then let's verify it. Although the imprint was erased, the tracking disc could no longer continue tracking. But can't the tracking compass also sense the aura of mythical relics within a 10- m radius? As long as the boundary-breaking feather is on him, we can find out by getting close. The tracing disc is a special treasure of the Eternal Knight Pavilion, specifically designed to track items bearing markings. Even if the mark is erased, it can still faintly sense the unique aura emanating from the mythical relic itself at close range. This was their last clue. Sia glanced out the window. The blue-haired youth had resolved the trouble and was preparing to leave. He sighed. Although he thought AI's idea was a bit far-fetched, as the other party said, it wouldn't hurt to give it a try. What if this kid actually guessed right? He picked up the tracking disc on the table and pointed it in the direction the blue-haired youth had left. See, I told you so. Cia's words were cut off midway through his sentence because he saw that the pointer on the tracking disc had been stationary. The moment it aimed at the blue-haired youth, it suddenly started spinning violently as if it had gone mad. The speed at which it rotated was so fast that it even produced a slight buzzing sound on Sia's perpetually lazy face. His pupils suddenly contracted to the size of pinpoints. This Sia was stunned for a moment, but quickly came to his senses. He quickly turned his head and said, "Seven, don't be impulsive. We need to think this through carefully." However, when he turned around, he found that the seat next to him was empty. That oneeyed youth had long since disappeared. Sia cursed inwardly. That impatient bastard. Sia's face instantly turned extremely ugly. He knew AI's personality too well. Once that guy spotted his prey, they would pounce on it without hesitation, just like sharks that have smelled blood. He didn't have time to think. In a flash, he disappeared from the second floor window. Coldly addressed a guard from the city lord's mansion downstairs in a commanding tone. Immediately notify your city lord to seal off the entire city and tell him to bring reinforcements immediately. At the same time, as Lanu prepared to leave the market, his ominous premonition grew stronger. It felt like being stalked by a venomous snake. Cold, sticky, and terrifying. Something's not right. Lu didn't stop walking. In fact, he quickened his pace. He could sense that he had been exposed. Chapter 264. How could he just die like that? Although it's unclear what methods the other party used, those two assassins from the eternal night pavilion were absolutely certain that he had identified himself. He must leave here immediately. He quickened his pace and headed toward a secluded alleyway in the city. The deep, narrow alleyways are like an inconspicuous scar in the fabric of the city. The towering walls on both sides blocked most of the sunlight, making the place dark and damp. A faint musty smell and the sour stench of rotting garbage filled the air. Occasionally, a few large shadow mice would dart through the garbage heap in the corner, making a rustling sound. Lanu stopped at the end of the alley. This is a dead end. He turned around and calmly looked towards the alley entrance. He did not choose to continue running away because he knew that since he had already been locked on, simply running away would be pointless. Only by completely resolving the troubles that have followed can the matter be put to rest. This is the grave he chose for his hunters. Tap tap tap. The crisp sound of footsteps echoed in the quiet alleyway, growing louder as it approached. A tall, slender figure appeared at the alley entrance. It was that oneeyed youth, AI. He walked over step by step. A playful smile on his face like a cat catching a mouse. His single eye was fixed on Lanu, filled with a greedy and bloodthirsty light. Achi's voice carried a hint of amusement. Run. Why have you stopped running? I thought you were really capable, but all you do is run around like a mouse. He seemed to enjoy the feeling of cornering his prey. Lanu didn't speak, but just looked at him quietly, his eyes as calm as a bottomless, icy pool. Ai's smile grew increasingly cruel. Not saying a word, are you scared out of your wits? That's right. Few people who are targeted by our eternal night pavilion are not terrified. He stretched out a hand and beckoned to lawn you with his finger. Kid, I'll give you a chance. Hand over what you took from our eternal night pavilion obediently, then cut off your own limbs, and I might consider leaving you a whole corpse. He spoke to himself as if he already held Lanu s life and death in his hands. However, the moment he finished speaking, Buzz, an invisible wave suddenly spread out from AI as the center. On the walls on both sides of the alley, black rune chains appeared out of thin air, instantly sealing off the entire alley and forming an airtight cage. Gray shadow cage. This is one of AI's most prized control type shadow techniques. Once trapped, not only will one be unable to escape, but even the circulation of shadow energy within the body will be greatly suppressed. In AI's view, the battle was over. a six-star shadow master trapped by him, whose strength was inferior to his, was simply a fish on a chopping board. At his mercy, he didn't even take out his weapon. He simply formed his five fingers into a claw and vanished from his spot in an instant. The next second, he appeared in front of Lan Yu like a ghost and grabbed at Lan Yus throat with a claw. Ghostly green glow emanating from its fingertips, clearly indicating that it was coated with a potent poison. He wanted to torture this arrogant brat to death in the most cruel way possible. Despite the fatal blow, Lan Yus face remained expressionless. He didn't even try to dodge. Just as AI's poisonous claws were about to touch his skin, a strange armor as black as ink and with a metallic sheen suddenly appeared on Lan Yus body. King's demon armor clang. A piercing clang of metal clashing suddenly rang out in the alleyway. Ai felt as if his claws were gripping a piece of refined steel. A tremendous force of recoil came from the other person's neck, making his entire arm go numb. His claws, sharp enough to pierce steel plates, shattered inch by inch the moment they touched the black demonic armor, leaving it dripping with blood. What? Ai's smile froze instantly. He stared at the scene before him in disbelief, his mind blank. How? How is this possible? His poison ghost claw is a defensive shadow weapon of the same level. It could easily be pierced. But this guy in front of me actually actually blocked it with his bare body and it even shattered his fingernails. What on earth is this kid's body made of before he could recover from his shock? Lu moved. He didn't use any fancy shadow techniques. He simply raised his hand slowly and grasped the hilt of the sword at his waist. Then he drew his sword. A dark sword light flashed and disappeared in the shadowy alley. Quick, it's almost at its limit. It was so fast that even Achi's mind couldn't keep up with the speed of that sword light. A fleeting moment. A soft sound of a sharp blade piercing flesh. The shocked expression on Achi's face froze completely. He lowered his head and stared blankly at the deep bone revealing sword wound on his chest. Gushed out of the wound like a fountain, his life forces slipping away at an alarming rate. How? How could this be? A roar of resentment escaped his throat. He couldn't understand how he, a dignified seven-star lord, could be. How could he be instantly killed by a six-star shadow master? However, he no longer had the chance to think about the answer to that question. Lyu's sword is too fast. Almost as soon as he was hit, his head separated from his body. A head bearing an expression of astonishment and resentment shot into the sky. It drew a blood red parabola in the air before finally rolling to the ground with a gurgle. That single eye, wide open, was still fixed on Lanu, as if it couldn't believe what it was seeing. The headless corpse swayed for a moment, then collapsed heavily into a pool of blood with a thud. The entire alleyway fell silent once again. Only the strong smell of blood slowly spread through the air. Lanu slowly sheathed his sword, the Hegny sword, which remained unstained by a single drop of blood. He didn't even glance at the corpse on the ground, as if he had just casually crushed an ant. And just then, another figure appeared at the alley entrance. Thank you for being late. When he saw the scene inside the alley, he was struck dumb, frozen in place. His gaze passed over the cal-faced Lanu and landed on the familiar headless corpse lying in a pool of blood. His pupils shrank to the most dangerous pinpoints in an instant. Dead. Ai, he's dead just like that. From the moment he sensed that Achi had acted on his own to the moment he caught up with him, only a few dozen seconds had passed. A newly promoted high-spirited seven-star lord, just like that, had his head chopped off. Chapter 265. Feather of the sky. The alleyway was deathly silent. Cia stood blankly at the alley entrance, staring at the familiar headless corpse on the ground, his brain frozen for a good 10 seconds. A tremendous storm raged within him. He was well aware of the shadow strength. Although he has only just advanced to the seven stars level, his foundation is not yet stable. However, thanks to the secret techniques of the Eternal Knight Pavilion and its endless stream of bizarre methods, his overall combat strength is enough to rival those established sevenstar lords. But now, such a powerful seven-star lord was actually killed by a six-star Shadowmaster in such a short time. Moreover, judging from the traces at the scene, this was a crushing defeat with no suspense whatsoever. Shadow was killed before he could even put up a decent fight. This is simply a fantasy. Cia's gaze fell on Lanu again. The blue-haired youth in front of him remained calm and composed. There wasn't even a trace of a fight on him. It was as if he had just casually swatted a fly. That composure and indifference sent a chill down Sia's spine. He finally realized that he, or rather the entire Eternal Night Pavilion, had severely underestimated the man before him. This guy is no six-star shadow master at all. No, perhaps his rank is indeed six stars, but his combat power has definitely far exceeded the scope of six stars. Countless thoughts flashed wildly through Sia's mind, but within seconds, the expression on his face returned to his signature lazy demeanor. He even sighed, speaking in a tone that sounded like he was complaining about the bad weather. Sigh. I knew it would turn out like this. I told him not to be impulsive, but he wouldn't listen. These young people nowadays, they really can't keep their temper in check. He shook his head, a look on his face, saying, "I have a headache. Now we're in trouble. We have to write a report to our superiors to apply for a new partner. Do you know how many partners I've had over the years?" As he spoke, he slowly walked into the alley, seemingly unconcerned about the corpse of his companion on the ground. Lu narrowed his eyes slightly as he looked at his demeanor. Instead of showing anger and sadness at the sight of his companion's tragic death, he acted like an outsider, putting on a show. Lu had no interest in acting with him. Now that we've started, there's no turning back. Both of them must die here today. Without wasting words, a thought struck him. Corridor of Shadows. In an instant, boundless darkness like a rising tide spread out from beneath Lu's feet and swallowed the entire alleyway. Light, sound, sense of direction. Everything is stripped away at this moment. Cia felt a sudden darkness before his eyes and was instantly plunged into absolute darkness where he couldn't see his own hand in front of his face. He couldn't even feel his own body anymore. Domain specific skills. See, I was startled. He hadn't expected that the other party would possess such a rare domain specific skill. Once this skill is involved, it's tantamount to handing over one's homefield advantage. He dared not be careless in the slightest, and his inner energy erupted instantly, attempting to forcefully tear through the darkness with his powerful strength. However, just as he was about to make his move, a cold, sharp blade had silently appeared at his neck. While so fast, C's pupils contracted sharply, and the hairs on his entire body stood on end. In this dark realm, the opponent's speed and perception were greatly enhanced. But he himself was like a blind and deaf man, constantly constrained. A life ordeath moment. Sia unleashed an unprecedented will to survive. Movie adaptation. He roared and his body was instantly enveloped in a thick layer of black mist. His body began to change drastically and strange black patterns appeared on his skin. His eyes turned completely black without a trace of white and the aura he exuded became increasingly violent and dangerous. Shadow transformation. A desperate technique that only experts at the seventh star level or above can master. In the instant Sia transformed into a shadow, his strength experienced a leap forward. His perception, aided by this power, temporarily broke through the limitations of the corridor of shadows. Clang. His short knife narrowly blocked Lanu's fatal sword strike. The immense force made his hands go numb, and he slid backwards several meters before barely managing to regain his balance. Huff, huff. Ciao was breathing heavily, his dark eyes filled with lingering fear and somnity. A bead of cold sweat slid down his forehead. That was close. A tremendous storm raged within him. This power, this speed, is this kid really just a six-star shadow master. Just a hair's breath away, his head would have been chopped off like that unfortunate guy on the ground. He's got some skills. Lu's voice drifted through the darkness, tinged with a hint of mockery. He was not surprised that he missed his first shot. After all, the other side was already on guard, and their strength was not bad. It would be virtually impossible to end the battle in the same short time as before. Cia's voice also became horsearse and low, no longer the lazy tone it had before. Likewise, as he spoke, he slowly pulled something out of his pocket. It was a feather, entirely black, emitting faint spatial fluctuations. Lanu's pupils contracted again. This feather looks very similar to the boundary-breaking feather that he had previously obtained. The only difference is that the feather is not white, but black. Without a doubt, this is one of the three spatial feathers. Without further ado, he swung the feather in his hand sharply. The moment Sia waved that jet black feather, a strange and powerful spatial fluctuation instantly rippled through the dark domain of the shadow corridor. Lanu immediately sensed that something was wrong. He suddenly felt immense resistance when he was preparing to launch his second attack. It felt as if the space around me had suddenly become viscous, like being stuck in a quagmire, making every movement incredibly difficult. This is gravity manipulation. Lu's eyes narrowed. He immediately understood that the mythical relic in the other party's hand possessed the ability to manipulate spatial gravity. Just as his body froze under the weight of gravity, CZ's figure appeared to his left at an incredible speed, as if he had teleported. The short knife in his hand transformed into a black lightning bolt, piercing straight into Lon Yus heart. With the combined power of shadow transformation and the mythical relic, C's speed and strength have reached an astonishing level. He was absolutely confident that this strike would pierce through the body of the monster before him. However, Lan Yus reaction was equally swift. A fleeting moment. His figure vanished from his spot at the last second, narrowly avoiding the fatal blow. Boom! Cia's dagger landed on empty air, and the violent blade energy blasted a huge hole in the alley wall. The response was very quick. Sia was not discouraged by his mistack. He flicked his wrist, and the jet black feather swung again. This time, the invisible gravity was no longer suppressing, but rather pulling. Lan Yu felt a tremendous pulling force coming from all directions, causing his body to fly involuntarily towards Sia's direction. Not good. Chapter 266. The city lord's arrival. Lana was startled. He knew that the other party was trying to use this method to forcefully close the distance and prevent him from having the opportunity to use his movement techniques and skills. Once you are entangled in close combat, you will become very passive in the face of the opponent's violent power and strange mythical relics. However, in the instant when he was pulled unsteady by gravity, a cold glint flashed in Lanu's eyes. Reign of corrosion. Instead of resisting the gravity, he used the pulling force to rush towards Sia. Raindrop emitting an ominous green light appeared out of thin air in the dark realm, pouring down on Siau like a torrential downpour. Every drop of rain contains a terrifying poison capable of corroding everything. A trivial skill. Sia saw the green raindrops and a hint of disdain appeared on his face. He flicked the feather in his hand again. An unbelievable scene has unfolded. The corrosive rain that was originally falling towards him seemed to be moved by an invisible hand. It strangely changed direction and flew towards the wall next to it. Sizzle. A harsh corrosive sound rang out. The hard walls, upon contact with the corrosive rain, melted away like foam splashed with concentrated sulfuric acid, leaving behind bottomless pits. Seeing this, a hint of smuggness flashed in Sea's eyes. Although his mythical relic, the feather of the sky, is only a fragment, it has countless uses. Not only can it manipulate gravity, but it can also distort space and deflect attacks of all energy forms within a small range. It can be said to be the nemesis of all ranged attack shadow masters. However, the smug look on his face didn't last long because he saw that the blue-haired youth did not retreat after releasing reign of corrosion. Instead, it used the momentum to rush towards him at an even faster speed. The distance between the two was instantly reduced to less than a meter. Court death. CS sneered inwardly. He was just worried about not having a chance to get close to her. He did not hesitate to relinquish control of reign of corrosion. He poured all his strength into the short knife in his hand, preparing to deliver a vicious blow to this reckless brat. However, just as he was about to make his move, he suddenly saw a triumphant smile on Lanus face. Not good. Alarm bells rang loudly in Sia's mind. He realized he might have been tricked. The opponent's use of rain of corrosion was not intended to attack him at all, but was a decoy. Its real purpose is to attract my attention and distract me from controlling the sky feather, thereby creating this opportunity to get close. This kid is so cunning. Unfortunately, by the time Sia realized this, it was too late. Lan Yus sword was already drawn. It was still that black sword light, incredibly fast and doineering. A fleeting moment. This time, Sia was prepared. The moment Lanu drew his sword, he condensed all his shadow energy in front of him, forming a thick shadow energy shield. At the same time, the short knife in his hand met the sword light at top speed. He was confident that he could withstand the attack while in his shadow form state. However, just as their attacks were about to collide, a smug smile spread across Sia's face. In his eyes, Lanu had fallen into a trap. The current predicament was an opportunity he deliberately created for Lanu. His trump card is not shadow transformation, but a more bizarre and insidious ability. He wants to control the sword in Lanu's hand. He silently recited a sentence in his mind. Secret technique, mechanical mind stealing. This is his trump card. A bizarre secret technique that can briefly seize control of an enemy's weapons with the blessing of this mythical relic, the feather of the sky. His secret technique is almost always effective. Unless the opponent's weapon is a mythical relic, they will absolutely be unable to resist his control. He wanted to make the opponent's sword turn against him at the most crucial moment, piercing the opponent's own heart. He could almost see the look of shock and resentment on Lan Yu's face when his sword turned the tables on him. However, the scene he had envisioned, the black long sword going out of control, did not occur. The sword continued its steady, unstoppable momentum as it slashed towards his neck. How? How is this possible? Cia's smile froze instantly. His secret technique failed. How is this possible? His mechanical heart stealing can even forcibly control some top tier eightstar shadow artifacts. Unless a thought that filled him with despair surfaced in his mind, unless the sword in that kid's hand is also a mythical relic. While he was figuring out the problem, the cold blade had already sliced across his neck. Eternal darkness descended upon C's vision. The darkness of the shadow corridor slowly faded away. The alleyway was restored to its original state. But there was another corpse on the ground, and disbelief that remained on C's face before his death were still visible. He died unable to understand why his ultimate technique had suddenly failed him. He couldn't understand why a mere six-star shadowmaster would have so many trump cards up his sleeve. Sevenstar puppet, domain skill, and that divine weapon of unknown rank that can ignore his secret techniques. He felt he hadn't died at the hands of a six-star shadowmaster. Instead, he died at the hands of an old monster who had lived for over a thousand years. Lanu stared blankly at the two corpses on the ground. His heart unmoved. To him, killing those two people was like clearing away two stumbling blocks on the roadside. Nothing more. He stepped forward, ready to reclaim his spoils. Especially the feather of the sky in C's hand. That's a really good thing. Nidhog, is this feather part of the same set as the previous one? Wanu asked in his mind. Nidhogs voice rang out. Um, they are all fragments of the same mythical relic, the wings of the realm. According to my perception, the complete wings of the realm should be composed of three such feathers. Once you find the last one, you will be able to truly control a portion of the power of spatial authority. Hearing this, Lanu felt a surge of warmth in his heart. Spatial authority, that is one of the supreme powers.ex Unexpectedly, this accident brought such a pleasant surprise. However, just as he bent down to pick up the feather of the sky from the ground. Suddenly, a series of hurried footsteps and the clanging of armor came from the alley entrance. Hurry, it's just ahead. Shel off the alley. Not a single fly is allowed to get out. Lanu frowned and looked up. A large group of guards dressed in the standard armor of the city lord's mansion had completely blocked the alley entrance. The leader was a burly, dignified looking middle-aged man. He was dressed in magnificent armor, and his aura was deep and imposing, clearly indicating that he was a powerful expert at the level of a sevenstar lord. It seems he is the lord of this cloudhouse city, stormed in with his men, looking very aggressive. Chapter 267. The king of eternal night. However, when he saw the scene inside the alley, he froze on the spot, just like sea before him. He had received a warning from the assassins of the eternal knight pavilion, saying that a wanted criminal had appeared in the city and he needed to come and assist in the capture. He originally thought this was just a good opportunity to curry favor with the eternal night pavilion and that he could just come and go through the motions, but he never dreamed he would see such a scene. The two lords of the eternal night pavilion are actually dead and he was killed in such a swift and decisive way in this inconspicuous alley. The city lord's gaze fell on the two gruesome corpses, his pupils contracting sharply. Although he was unaware of the exact strength of these two eternal knight pavilion masters, but he knew that those who could be sent out to carry out the mission were definitely the elite of the elite, and their strength was definitely no weaker than his, the city lord, and might even be stronger. But now these two important figures whom he regarded as high and mighty have become two cold corpses and the murderer. The city lord's gaze slowly fell on the calm-l lookinging blue-haired youth in the center of the alley. When he met Lanu's cold, emotionless eyes, the city lord's heart skipped a beat. A bone chilling cold shot from the soles of his feet straight to the top of his head. Danger. Extremely dangerous. His battleh hardened intuition was frantically warning him. The young man in front of him was definitely the most dangerous person he had ever met in his life. Escape. We must escape immediately. This was the only thought left in the city lord's mind. As for the arrest of wanted criminals or the favors done to the eternal night pavilion. Screw it. Compared to my own life, all those things are He had no doubt that if he dared to make any unusual moves now. The next second, my head will be moved like those two on the ground. In a flash, the city lord made the wisest decision of his life. Almost instinctively, he shifted his body slightly to the side, making way for someone. The guards behind him were stunned by the city lord's actions. An Agitan asked, puzzled. Lord, city lord, "Shut up!" the city lord hissed, a fine layer of cold sweat already beating on his forehead. He used his eyes to firmly stop all his men from moving. "Are you kidding me? Are you sending your men up to their deaths? Didn't you see those two bloody lessons on the ground? They were able to silently eliminate two Eternal Knight Pavilion assassins whose strength was no less than their own in just a few minutes. What can he do with that few people just to fill someone's teeth? One should have self-awareness. Sometimes being cowardly is the smartest way to survive. Lu's eyes flashed with surprise when he saw the city lord's reaction. He never expected that this seemingly imposing city lord would be so pragmatic, but this is for the best. It saved him a lot of trouble. He had originally planned to deal with them all if the city lord dared to meddle. Since the other party is so cooperative, he doesn't mind letting them live. Lan Yu ignored the trembling guards and bent down to pick up the feather of the sky from the ground. However, just as his fingers touched the feather, another unexpected change has occurred. Suddenly, the jet black feather began to tremble violently. A dense, impenetrable black shadow suddenly emerged from the shadow of the feathers. The shadow transformed into a hand without a physical form and grabbed Lan Yus wrist. Lu was greatly alarmed. An unprecedented sense of crisis instantly enveloped his entire body. Without a second thought, he swung the Hegny sword fiercely at the black hand. However, just as his sword was about to strike the black hand, a man's voice, tinged with a hint of mockery and langor, drifted out from the shadowy figure. "Kid, you've already taken one of my toys, and you want a second one? Isn't that a bit too greedy?" As the mocking voice rang out, the black hand that had grabbed Lan Yus wrist simply flicked it away. Lan Yu then felt an irresistible vast spatial force coming towards him. That power was many times stronger than the one Sia had used before. Boom! Lu felt as if he had been struck head-on by an invisible giant hammer. He was instantly sent flying backward and crashed heavily into the wall dozens of meters away. The sturdy wall collapsed with a roar, kicking up clouds of dust. Cough, cough. Lanu struggled to his feet from the ruins, feeling as if his internal organs had shifted. He was horrified. Such terrifying power from just a flick of the wrist. Who exactly is this person? He raised his head, his gaze fixed intently on the center of the alleyway. The black hands slowly withdrew, grasping the feather of the sky in its grasp. Immediately, clusters of black shadows emerged from the feathers as if they were alive. They gathered and writhed in midair, eventually coalesing into a complete human shape. As the black mist dissipated, the figure of a man appeared. He was a man who was excessively handsome. He had a cascade of long black hair and skin so fair it was almost translucent. Her features were so exquisite that they resembled the most perfect masterpiece of the gods, especially her long narrow phoenix eyes, which possessed a bewitching charm that could make all things in the world fall into a trance. He simply stood there casually. Yet, he exuded an innate nobility and majesty, as if he were a ruler of the world. Everyone in the alley who witnessed this scene was stunned, especially the city lord of Yun Wu City, who had just been congratulating himself on escaping a disaster. When he saw the face of the strange man clearly, all the color drained from his face instantly. His expression shifted from shock to horror and finally to boundless fear and fanaticism. He suddenly knelt down on both knees and buried his head deep in the ground. He shouted in a trembling voice, almost like a pilgrim. Welcome, welcome, Lord Eternal Knight. Although the guards behind him didn't know what was happening, seeing their city lord kneel, they all knelt down as well, shouting in unison, "Welcome, Lord Eternal Knight. The king of Eternal Knight." Upon hearing this name, Lus pupils instantly shrank to the most dangerous pinpoints. He never expected that he would encounter the Eternal Knight King, one of the seven kings of the Shadow Realm. here. The hell is this luck? However, he soon realized something was wrong. According to the intelligence he knew, each of the seven kings of the shadow realm is a terrifying existence that surpasses most nine-star powerhouses. The shadow energy emanating from the eternal knight king in front of them was powerful. However, it was far from reaching that level of cataclysmic destruction. Lanu used his six senses to carefully investigate and discovered that the opponent's strength was roughly at the peak of the eight-star level. Eternal Night King. Chapter 268. I suggest we withdraw now. Is it an incarnation? Lyu's heart stirred. He had heard that some top tier experts could use secret techniques to create avatars with a portion of their original strength and then descend to other places. It seems that the one in front of us must be the incarnation of the eternal night king. Even if it's just an incarnation, it's still an incarnation of a monarch. His strength is far beyond that of an ordinary eight-star film master. He knew he was probably in real trouble today. The avatar of the eternal night king ignored Lanu. His gaze first fell on the two cold corpses on the ground and his brows furrowed almost imperceptibly. He then turned to look at the cloud house city lord kneeling on the ground with a playful smile on his face he asked. Can you tell me why you made way for him just now? His voice was so gentle, but to the city lord it sounded more terrifying than the most vicious curse. The city lord trembled and cold sweat instantly soaked his back. He frantically racked his brains for excuses, trying to justify his earlier cowardly behavior, but he soon realized that in front of a monarch, any lies and sophistry were pale and laughable. From the moment this king arrived, his every move had probably been seen by him. With that thought in mind, he made up his mind and gave up struggling. He cowed out heavily, his voice trembling as he said, "Your majesty, please forgive me. It was it was my own fault for being afraid of death and acting foolishly offending your majesty. Please, your majesty, punish me. After saying that, he laid down on the ground, not daring to move, quietly, waiting for death to come. However, what was unexpected was instead of getting angry after hearing his words, the Night King chuckled softly, he waved his hand and said in a magnanimous tone, "Never mind. I'll not make things difficult for you since you've had it tough, too. After all, I am a very benevolent king." Upon hearing this, the city lord and the guards around him were stunned for a moment, and then their eyes revealed the wild joy of surviving a disaster. However, the next second, he looked at Lanu, his smile growing increasingly sinister. "Kid, you're the same. I have always admired capable people. Considering that you are quite capable, I can let bygones be bygones for the fact that you killed four of my subordinates." He slowly extended his hand towards Lan Yu, a benevolent smile on his face like that of a god. Just give me back that mythical relic. How about I pretend today's events never happened? His voice had a strange magic, as if it possessed the power to bewitch people. The words kept echoing in Lanus mind. Unconsciously, Lanu found that what the other person said seemed to make a lot of sense. His hand uncontrollably slowly reached towards his storage space. It seems they really are going to hand over the boundary-breaking feather. But at that very moment, kid, wake up. This is a mental charm ability. Nidhog's cold, angry voice filled with frustration at his incompetence, exploded in Lan Yus mind like a thunderclap. Lu shuddered, his eyes instantly regaining their clarity. At the very same moment, he regained consciousness. A terrifying force, powerful enough to crush mountains, had silently descended upon the spot where he had just stood. Boom! The earth suddenly sank downwards. A terrifying crater more than 10 m in diameter appeared out of nowhere in the alleyway and the city lord kneeling on the ground and all the guards around him. He couldn't even let out a scream. Under that terrifying gravity, they were instantly crushed into a pulp. Smoke and dust filled the air. On the other side of the ruins, Lu's figure slowly emerged. He activated flash of shadows the instant he regained consciousness. They narrowly avoided the fatal blow. He watched as the bottomless crater was crushed into the likeness of a two-dimensional lord and others. She glanced again at the Night King, whose face still bore that eerie smile, her eyes turning icy cold. This guy, from the very beginning, I never intended to let anyone go. His so-called magnanimity and forgiveness are just a pretext to unleash his bizarre and seductive skills. Oh, you actually managed to break free from my royal decree. When the Night King saw that Lanu had dodged his attack, a hint of surprise flashed in his eyes. It seems you're hiding quite a few secrets. He licked his lips, his bewitching eyes gleaming with increasing interest. Especially your blue hair. It really reminds me of some very unpleasant memories. The kings voice rang out leisurely. A few years ago, a crazy woman with blue hair, just like you, recklessly barged into our territory and killed that idiot undying king. Speak, kid. His gaze, like two sharp swords, was fixed intently on Lan Yu. What exactly is your relationship with that woman? A blue-haired mad woman. She killed the immortal king. Upon hearing the words of the eternal night king, Lanu almost immediately thought of one person, his sister, Luwang. He never expected to find himself here. I heard about my sister's glorious deeds from another king. It seems that my sister left a rather deep impression on those high-ranking monarchs back then. However, now is clearly not the time to think about these things. As the King of Eternal Night uttered those words, his hands did not stop moving in the slightest. He gently waved the wing of the sky in his hand once more. "Swish, swish, swish." The weapons scattered from the hands of the guards, who had been crushed into a pulp. It was as if it had been given life under the control of gravity. They flew into the air and transformed into deadly streaks of light, shooting towards Lanu from all directions. Each weapon was enveloped in a layer of dark shadow energy, making them several times more powerful than when they were in their original owner's hands. Lon Yus eyes narrowed, and the Hegny sword in his hand instantly transformed into an impenetrable net of swords. Jingle bells, a series of rapid clanging sounds of metal clashing rang out. The weapons that flew towards it were all shattered into countless fragments the moment they made contact with the Hegny sword. However, while he was dealing with these weapons, the figure of the night king suddenly vanished from the spot. This time, it was the king himself who was affected by gravity. His body was supported by gravity. He instantly traversed a distance of tens of meters at a speed that completely defied the laws of physics. Appearing in front of Lan Yu quick, it was so fast that even Lanu's six senses could only barely catch a fleeting after image. a fist enveloped in dark energy rapidly magnified in his vision. This punch was simple and unadorned, yet it contained a terrifying power capable of shattering mountains. Lanu's pupil suddenly contracted. Without thinking, he instinctively held the dark gold breastplate in front of him, the heart of a guardian. Boom! A deafening explosion. Lanu felt as if he had been hit head-on by a high-speed meteorite. He was sent flying backward again, crashing into a building behind him and smashing it to pieces. Smoke billowed and gravel flew everywhere. Lu stood up from the ruins, appeared on the kings demon armor he wore. The hand holding the guardians heart was trembling slightly. He looked down on the mythical relic shield, which was said to be able to withstand a fatal blow that was two major levels higher than itself. One could see. To everyone's surprise, clear cracks have appeared. Just one punch. This brought this top tier defensive mythical relic to the brink of destruction. The king's voice rang out again, tinged with confusion. Another mythical relic, though it's a very low quality, far inferior to my feathers. But you have to admit, you've got a lot of treasures on you. Nth Hog's voice in his mind became more solemn than ever before. The strength of this avatar is already infinitely close to that of a nine-star being. Moreover, this is the shadow realm, his home ground. The longer the battle drags on, the more disadvantageous it will be for us. I can even sense other powerful auras heading this way. I suggest we retreat now. Chapter 269. The game ends. Lanu agreed with Nidhog's suggestion upon hearing this. He had already thought about it when he entered the film industry. I don't think my journey in the film industry will be smooth sailing like before when I crushed everything in my path. Sooner or later, you will encounter an opponent you can't beat. And then there's the enemy like that. What can he do? It's very simple. If you can't beat them, run away. Is it like in anime or novels where the protagonist can't win? Shouting, "I absolutely cannot fall here." And then inexplicably unleashing a cheat-like power spike to crush the opponent. Obviously, this is unrealistic. But the question is, how do we evacuate? Faced with such a monster that can manipulate space and gravity, his speed, which he was so proud of, was completely useless. Nidhog's voice rang out again. I've been analyzing the spatial laws on that feather of the sky, and I've got some clues. Give me just five more minutes, and I'm confident I can use its power to forcefully tear open a spatial rift and take you away from here. 5 minutes. A resolute glint flashed in Lonu's eyes. Good. Without the slightest hesitation, he responded in his heart. It's only 5 minutes. Let's give it our all. He watched the god-like figure slowly emerge from the smoke and dust. He took a deep breath and the chaotic power and shadow energy within his body began to circulate wildly without reservation. Quarter of shadows. Boundless darkness descended once more. This darkness is more intense and deeper than before. The Night King remained unperturbed despite being swallowed by darkness. He even had the leisure to observe the surrounding darkness with great interest. I must say, you have quite a few tricks up your sleeve. Even among my subordinates, there aren't many who can use domain related skills. Unfortunately, this level of darkness is too much for me. He shook his head, a disdainful smile on his face. Not good enough. As soon as he finished speaking, two dark purple lights suddenly appeared in his eerie eyes. An invisible power filled with the aura of destruction and annihilation suddenly erupted from his body. Click, click. Under the impact of this force, Lanu's corridor of shadows shattered into pieces like fragile glass. In less than 3 seconds, the eternal knight king forcibly broke through this dark domain in a way that Lan Yu could not understand at all. Puff. With his domain broken, Lanu suffered a backlash, spitting out another mouthful of blood, his face turning even paler. However, at the very instant the corridor of shadows shattered, a colossal blue dragon composed of the purest shadow energy and chaotic power roared and soared into the sky from behind him. Six senses skill dragons roar. Lana was already preparing this killing move the moment he released shadow corridor. He didn't expect the shadow corridor to hold his opponent for long at all. That was just a ruse. A ruse to buy time for dragons roar to build up its power. Roar. A deafening dragon's roar echoed through the sky. The blue dragon, carrying a world destroying force, lunged at the eternal night king, who had just broken through the domain. After doing all this, Lanu didn't even look at the result before turning around and running away. He pushed the speed of the holy dragon wings to its limit, transforming into a streak of light as he desperately fled towards the city gate. He must create as much distance as possible within the precious time that dragons roar as bought for him. On the other side, the amusement on the face of the night king vanished completely as he watched the blue dragon roaring toward him. Instead, there was an unprecedented somnity. He sensed a terrifying power emanating from that dragon that was enough to threaten his avatar. This guy, a look of horror flashed in the king's eyes. Before he could think any further, the wing of the sky in his hand shone brightly. One floor, two floors, three floors. A semi-transparent barrier composed of seven layers of spatial power instantly appeared in front of him. Sevenfold obstacles of eternal night. This is the strongest defense that his avatar can unleash. At the very instant the barrier was formed, the blue dragon has already crashed into us. Rumble. A terrifying explosion resounded over Cloud House City. The blue torrent of energy collided and annihilated the purple spatial barrier in a frenzy. Trembled violently under this devastating shockwave, and countless buildings collapsed as if they were made of paper. The residents below screamed in terror and scattered in all directions, turning the entire Cloud House city into a living hell in an instant. At the epicenter of the explosion, the figure of the Night King slowly emerged. He appeared to be unharmed, but upon closer inspection, one would notice that his magnificent robes were torn in several places, and there was a barely perceptible trace of blood at the corner of his mouth. More importantly, the seven layers of the seven-fold barrier of eternal night in front of him have all shattered. The king's eyes were filled with disbelief and shock. Each layer of his seven-fold barrier of eternal night is strong enough to withstand a full force attack from an eight-star expert. Even a powerful expert of the same monarch level would need considerable effort to break through the seven layered structure. But that kid's attack just now, it actually shattered all seven layers of his barrier. Even the last wisp of the aftershock injured his main body. How is this possible? That kid really just a six-star shadowmaster The night king let out an angry roar. He felt like he had been played by an ant. He suddenly raised his head, his gaze locking onto the blue dot of light in the distance that was fleeing for its life. His eyes blazing with murderous intent. "You can't escape." He roared and transformed into a black streak of light, chasing after Lanu at a speed even faster than Lanu. A thrilling chase unfolded in the skies above Cloudhouse City. Lanu pushed his speed to its limit. They holy dragon wings behind him flapped wildly. Each flap creating a series of sonic booms that propelled him forward hundreds of meters. However, the black streak behind him was like a persistent leech. Not only did she not fall behind him, but she was also gradually closing the distance between them. This can't go on. Lanu's heart sank to the bottom. He knew that in a simple contest of speed, he was no match for the incarnation of the monarch. He must find a way to buy time. With a thought, the core of the seven star puppet reappeared in his hand. Without hesitation, he poured a massive amount of shadow energy and chaotic power into it. Buzz. With a flash of black light, the enormous sevenstar puppet reappeared in midair, completely unharmed. "Go stop him!" Lonu roared and manipulated the puppet to turn around and fiercely meet the pursuing eternal Night King. That overconfident lump of iron. When the Night King saw the puppet blocking his way, a hint of disdain appeared on his face. He didn't even try to dodge. He threw a punch directly. Boom! The Sevenstar puppet, which was indestructible in Lanu's hands, was as fragile as a toy in front of the monarch's incarnation. It was shattered into pieces with just one punch, turning into countless fragments. However, at the very moment the puppet shattered, another identical core sphere appeared in Lan Yu's hand. He injected energy again and another sevenstar puppet appeared out of thin air, charging forward fearlessly. Boom! Another punch. The puppet shattered once again. Then came the third, the fourth, the fifth. Lon Yu is like a tireless machine, constantly using shadow power to revive puppets, and they watched as the king smashed them to pieces with a single punch. This process is also extremely taxing on him. Each repair of the sevenstar puppet requires a massive amount of shadow chi, but Lu seemed to possess an inexhaustible amount of shadow energy. It provided him with almost unlimited battery life. In this way, by resorting to what was almost cheating, Lanu managed to delay the Eternal Night King's progress. Although each delay only lasted a few seconds, these small gains accumulated and bought him valuable time. Damn ants. Even the eternal night king was getting fed up with Lan Yu's shameless fighting style. Each time he made a move, he could easily shatter the puppet, but then an identical puppet would immediately appear in front of him. This made him feel like he was fighting a swarm of unkillable cockroaches, which was extremely disgusting. Time was ticking away second by second, 3 minutes, for minutes. That's about it. Nidhog's voice finally rang in his mind again, carrying a hint of relief. I've completed the parsing. It's ready to start at any time. Upon hearing this, Lyu was overjoyed. He glanced ahead and the city gate of Cloud House City was already in sight. As long as he can break through the city gates, he will have a chance to escape. However, just as hope arose in his heart, a familiar figure appeared out of nowhere, blocking his way directly above the city gate. It was the eternal Night King whom he thought he had left behind. Kid, the game is over. The Night King looked down at him with a cruel smile on his face. Do you really think I'll be held back by your little tricks? I just want to see how many more surprises you, this interesting ant can bring me. It seems your performance should come to an end now. Lanu looked at the figure blocking his way, then glanced at the black streak of light rapidly approaching from behind. Blocked in front and pursued behind. He was in dire straits once again. However, despite facing certain death, Lanu showed no despair. Instead, a smile appeared on his face. He didn't waste any unnecessary words. He simply raised the Hegny sword high in his hand. A perfectly condensed jet black crescent moon slowly took shape at the tip of his sword. Dark Moon Dragon Blade. This is his real killer move. All the previous escapes and humiliation were just to buy time for this move to build up its power. Now it's time for this high and mighty monarch to taste his ultimate move. Chapter 270. What strange methods did that kid use? At this moment, the avatar of the eternal knight king finally sensed something was a miss. His smile faded slightly and his brows furrowed. This kid is about to die. How can he still be laughing? Moreover, the energy fluctuations contained in the attack that is taking shape in his hand seemed to be unusually powerful. However, he didn't pay too much attention to it. In his eyes, this was nothing more than the final hysteria of an ant at its last gasp. Even if it were powerful, how powerful could it possibly be? Could it possibly harm him? The embodiment of a monarch? However, he was unaware of this. All of Lan Yus previous escapes, his disheveled state, and even his repeated summoning of the sevenstar puppet to his death were not simply attempts to buy time. All of that was just to buy enough time to charge up this dark moon dragon blade. The charge time for the skilled dark moon dragon blade is, the more its power and speed will increase exponentially. Now, after several minutes of desperate pursuit and charging up, the power of this attack has reached a terrifying level that even Lan Yu himself cannot estimate. It's time. Lan Yus gaze suddenly became incredibly sharp. Go! He let out a low shout and swung the Hegny sword down fiercely. "Call out!" The jet black crescent moon instantly detached from the sword tip without making a sound. It shot silently towards the avatar of the eternal night king above the city gate at a speed that exceeded the limits of vision. Fast. Too fast. Only when the dark crescent moon had flown right in front of him did the pupils of the eternal night king's avatar suddenly shrink. He sensed a deadly danger emanating from that seemingly insignificant crescent moon. Damn it. He cursed inwardly. No longer caring about maintaining his superior composure. He instinctively wanted to dodge. However, in the very instant he acted, an indescribable, terrifying pressure from the deepest part of his soul, like an invisible giant hammer, slammed heavily onto his mind. Um, the avatar of the eternal knight king suddenly froze. He felt as if he were being stared at by an ancient dragon lurking in the abyss with its cold and merciless vertical pupils. Those eyes were filled with contempt, brutality, and pure killing intent. That was an absolute suppression stemming from the level of life itself. He subconsciously looked toward the source of that oppressive aura and saw behind Lanu. In that dark shadow, a pair of huge and ferocious dragon eyes flashed by. What is this? A sense of horror and bewilderment flashed through the mind of the eternal night king. It was this slight hesitation that determined his fate. A soft sound of a sharp blade piercing flesh. The incredibly fast dark moon dragon blade precisely sliced across his right shoulder the instant he managed to turn his body to the side. Ah! A muffled groan, suppressed with pain and disbelief, escaped from the Night King's mouth. He watched helplessly as his entire right arm was severed cleanly at the shoulder, shooting into the sky with a spray of black blood. A sharp pain swept over his nerves like a tidal wave. However, Lan Yus attack was not over yet. He didn't give the other side any chance to breathe. Roar. Another earthshattering dragon roar. A blue dragon, even larger than the one that had appeared in the alley, roared and soared into the air from behind Lan Yu, its blood red m opening wide as it lunged at the one-armed eternal night king. Six senses skill dragons roar. After doing all this, Lanu didn't even have time to glance at the results. Nitthog, he roared in his mind. Ready? Nidhog's voice responded instantly. Without hesitation, Lanu took out the white boundary-breaking feather from his storage space. Guided by Nidhog, a completely different kind of shadow power surged from Lanus body and was precisely injected into the feather. Buzz, the white feathers burst forth with dazzling light, and the surrounding space began to twist and fold violently, forming an unstable vortex. trying to run. Even though the eternal night king was about to be devoured by the blue dragon, he still managed to spare a sliver of attention to notice Lanus actions. He let out a roar and swung his left hand violently. An immense force of gravity instantly pressed down on the location where Lan Yu was. However, it was too late. Just a second before gravity struck, Lu's figure was completely swallowed up by the distorted spatial vortex and vanished without a trace. Boom! The force of gravity struck empty space, causing the city gate tower below to collapse with a deafening roar. At that moment, the blue dragon completely engulfed the figure of the eternal night king. A terrifying energy storm swept through the entire cloudhouse city once again. The dizzying sensation from the spatial shift lasted for less than a second. When Lanu opened his eyes again, he found himself in an unfamiliar wilderness. The surrounding area is filled with rolling hills and sparse trees, and the air is filled with the fragrance of soil and grass. He succeeded. He really escaped from the clutches of a king incarnate. However, before he could even breathe a sigh of relief, Nidhog's urgent voice rang in his mind. Don't stop. Run. Those two attacks just now probably weren't enough to kill that guy's avatar. He'll catch up soon. Lu felt a chill run down his spine. Indeed, even if a king-level powerhouse is just an avatar, its vitality is far beyond that of an ordinary shadow master. Although those two attacks seemed incredibly powerful, they were probably far from enough to completely kill the opponent. Without the slightest hesitation, the holy dragon wings on his back unfolded once more. After discerning the direction, he transformed into a streak of light and flew rapidly into the distance. Meanwhile, on the other side, Cloud House City now reduced to ruins. Space distorted for a moment, and the figure of the eternal knight king staggered out from it. At this moment, he was in an extremely disheveled state. Not only was one arm severed, but his magnificent royal robe was also tattered. He was covered in blood, and black blood kept oozing from the corner of his mouth. His handsome, otherworldly face was no longer calm and composed. Only endless anger and ferocity remained. you, bastard. He roared to the sky, his voice filled with resentment and malice. He, the mighty eternal night king, one of the seven rulers of the shadow realm, was actually was actually forced into such a wretched state by a mere six-star human brat. This is an absolute disgrace. In less than half a second, the powerful black shadow energy around him surged wildly, covering his entire body. Those gruesome wounds healed at a speed visible to the naked eye. The severed right arm also regrowed amidst the writhing black energy. Physical injuries may heal, but the humiliation of the soul cannot be erased. He couldn't understand it. How did that kid manage to activate the wing of boundary break? It is important to know that mythical relics, especially fragments of this kind of supreme treasure, all have their own unique activation incantations and methods of use. Without his permission, no outsider could possibly use, even a fraction of it. What kind of bizarre methods did that kid use? Chapter 271. Here we go again. There are still many things that the monarch's incarnation cannot understand. Like that last glance, those golden dragon eyes hidden in the shadows. Just a single glance was enough to send shivers down his spine and freeze him in place. That's an aura of power that no ordinary god could possess. What kind of monster did that kid contract with? I don't care who you are. How dare you trick me, the eternal night king. No matter what means you use, I will tear you to pieces. He roared, his eyes flashing with a crazed killing intent. If he tolerates this, what kind of ruler is he? He stretched out his newly recovered right hand and scratched his palm with his fingernail. Black royal blood dripped to the ground, and he used the blood as a guide to quickly inscribe a complex and bizarre array on the ground. In the name of eternal night, with blood as the guide and origin as the sacrifice, chasing souls and seizing spirits, locking form across 10,000 m. As he chanted horarssely, the entire formation erupted with dazzling blood red light, shooting straight into the sky. He was willing to expend even a sliver of his own power to plant an indelible tracking mark on that damned ant. He wanted to leave him with nowhere to go, no way to escape to heaven or hell. Lana was riding the holy dragon wings at high speed through the clouds, trying to get away from that city of trouble as soon as possible. Suddenly, a sense of unease arose in his heart, and a strange feeling of palpitation surged up. He looked up abruptly, his pupils suddenly contracting. The once clear sky above had somehow transformed into a deep and vast starry expanse. Countless stars twinkled on the dark backdrop, creating a magnificent yet eerie scene. And in the very center of that starry sky, an enormous I slowly opened. One eye, it was. It has no pupils. The whites of its eyes are a chaotic blackness, while the pupils are vortices composed of countless rotating stars. It hangs indifferently in the sky, looking down at the earth like a creator god examining his creation. A feeling of being completely seen through and having nowhere to hide instantly enveloped Lanu's entire body. The eye scanned the sky and soon its gaze locked precisely on Lan Yu who was fleeing for his life. At the same time, a voice filled with resentment and hatred like rolling thunder echoed throughout the night sky. Kid, you can't get away. It's the voice of the night king. Lanu thought to himself, "This is bad. This guy actually used such an unheard of large-scale tracking technique." Sure enough, as the venomous voice faded, a beam of pitch black light shot out from the giant eye of the starry sky. The beam of black light was incredibly fast, ignoring spatial distance, and struck Lan Yu's body instantly. Lanu felt a sharp pain in his arm and quickly looked down. On his left arm, he noticed a constantly twinkling star mark made up of countless tiny stars. A chilling aura that was completely at odds with his own power. It emanated from the mark like a leech clinging to his bone, firmly imprinted on his soul. Upon seeing this mark, Lu was momentarily speechless. Is it that trick again? Marking again? He couldn't help but complain in his mind. Why can't these guys come up with something new? He hasn't even removed the elucory mark yet. The current monarch is doing this again. However, despite his complaints, Lyu didn't dare to stop moving his feet at all. Instead, he flew even faster. He knew very well what being marked with this mark meant. That madmanlike incarnation of a monarch will probably come chasing after us again soon. Following the scent of the mark, he had to get as far away as possible before the other side caught up. Cloudhouse City. After using the bloodline tracking technique, the Night King's face turned even paler. Consuming his source power is also a considerable burden for his avatar. But his face showed a kind of smug satisfaction at having avenged a great wrong. Let's see where you run this time. He sneered, preparing to personally pursue and kill them. Following the direction of the markings, however, at that moment, the space in front of him suddenly rippled like the surface of water. It formed a simple round mirror. A graceful female figure was projected into the mirror. She was an intellectual and elegant woman dressed in an academic robe, exuding a strong scholarly air, but her appearance caused the smile on the face of the eternal night king to freeze instantly. Erodite, the Night King, frowned. The visitor was none other than the projection of the knowledgeable king, one of the seven great kings of the film world. The learned king calmly surveyed the apocalyptic scene around him and the disheveled state of the eternal knight king and asked in a flat tone, "Eternal knight, you sent your avatar to cause trouble on my territory without even saying hello to me. Don't you think you deserve an explanation?" Her voice was soft, yet carried an undeniable authority. The seven kings of the film world each divided their own territories and did not interfere with each other. And this cloudhouse city happens to be located within the sphere of influence of the learned king. The incarnation of the night king has silently entered her territory and caused such a commotion. This is undoubtedly a provocation. The night king's eyes darted around and he immediately came up with an explanation. He didn't want to tell this woman about Lanu. That kid is hiding too many secrets, especially the boundary-breaking feather that can be used without ignoring spells, and that terrifying god who can intimidate you with just a look. These are all things he is determined to obtain. He absolutely did not want any other monarch to know until he had obtained it. He forced a smile, shrugged, and said it was just a minor accident. Two of my incompetent subordinates tracked down a traitor and ended up here. It turns out that the traitor was quite resourceful. He fought back before he died and killed them. That's why I came here personally to handle the aftermath. He downplayed the matter, attributing it to an internal conflict and made no mention of Lan Yu and the mythical relics. Upon hearing this, the learned king narrowed his eyes slightly behind his glasses, as if scrutinizing the truthfulness of his words. "Is that so?" she said calmly. "To make even your avatar look so disheveled. It seems that the traitor you mentioned is quite powerful." The night king waved his hand, indicating he was unwilling to discuss the matter further. Huh? He's just relying on a few stolen treasures. Nothing to brag about. The learned king added another sentence. I heard that you yourself have recently gone into seclusion to refine a very important treasure. How come you still have time to let your avatar run around everywhere? Chapter 272. Don't go too far. The king of eternal knight felt a chill run down his spine. He knew that the learned king was subtly warning him not to let trivial matters jeopardize their grand plans. His smile faded slightly, and he said in a deep voice, "You don't need to worry about my affairs. I know what I'm doing with that thing. Don't worry, it won't take long to deal with him." The learned king gave him a deep look, seemingly seeing through his prefuncter attitude, but ultimately said nothing more. "Suit yourself," she said casually. "Just a heads up. Don't overdo it." After she finished speaking, her figure slowly faded away and eventually disappeared into the air. As the learned king departed, the expression on the eternal night kings face darkened once more. He snorted coldly and without further delay, his figure transformed into a streak of light, following the guidance of the mark on his arm and chased after Lanu at full speed in the direction he had fled. The following week, an epic chase unfolded across the vast landscape of the film industry. Lanu ran for his life ahead with the incarnation of the eternal knight king in hot pursuit. Lanu had to admit that this king incarnate was indeed extremely difficult to deal with. Not only was his opponent faster, but he also seemed tireless and no matter how fast he ran, he couldn't shake him off completely. Fortunately, he had Nidhog's help. Whenever he was cornered, Nidhog would always be able to analyze the energy of the boundary-breaking feather in time and teleport him to create some distance. However, the use of the boundary-breaking feather is not without limitations. Each teleportation requires a cool down period of up to half a day before it can be restarted. This also meant that he couldn't get a real rest after each teleportation and could only take advantage of the half-day respbit to rush on his way. And that night, King was like a leech, always managing to find a way to bite back at him again after half a day, following the same pattern. What annoyed Lanu even more was that the guy not only chased after them himself, but also mobilized the entire Eternal Knight Pavilion. During this week, he encountered assassins from the Eternal Knight Pavilion almost everywhere he went. Those guys appeared from all directions, using all sorts of unbelievable methods to surround and intercept him. Although they weren't very strong, they greatly slowed him down, making him extremely annoyed. In a dense forest, Lan Yu beheaded the last assassin from the eternal night pavilion with a single sword strike. Without even glancing at the corpse on the ground, he immediately took out the boundary-breaking feather and prepared to run away again. This can't go on. In the instant that the distorted space swallowed him up, this thought flashed through Lan Yu's mind. He had to find a way to get rid of that damn star mark on his arm. Otherwise, this endless pursuit will never end. After using the boundary-breaking feather to teleport once again and temporarily shake off his pursuers, Lanu immediately found a secluded cave and plunged inside. He wasted no time. With a focused mind, he directly entered his own mental world. He was fed up with being chased around like a dog. He must find a way to break free from that tracking mark or he will eventually be worn down by that mad king. Azure sky, soft sand, and that small figure leisurely fishing by the sea. Everything in my mental world was as peaceful and serene as ever. Upon seeing that figure, Lu rushed over almost in three steps at a time. These past few days, he had been unable to find the king of the void realm every time he came in. But today, he finally managed to run into him. Janice, the king of the sky, who was intently watching the float, was startled and almost dropped his fishing rod. "What are you doing shouting like that? You scared my fish away," he complained, puffing out his cheeks. Lana wasn't in the mood for jokes right now. He pointed to the same star- shaped mark on his soul and asked bluntly, "Hey, bro, help. Do you have any way to get rid of this stuff?" Janice glanced at the mark, a look of disgust on his little face. "You's methods? Tsk, they're really ugly." He looked uninterested and turned his gaze back to the fishing float on the sea. "Why are you looking for me? I never said I would help you for no reason." Upon hearing this, Lu knew there was hope. This guy may look like a little kid, but he's actually an old monster who's lived for who knows how many years. He's definitely the type who won't do anything without a profit. He immediately put on a smile and said, "Boss, how about this? If you help me solve this problem, I'll tell you as many jokes as you want to hear. One a day, never the same one." However, Janice shook his head and pouted. "A joke? No way. You only need to hear a joke once every hundred years. If you hear it too often, your sense of humor will become more refined and then it won't be funny anymore. Lu was speechless. This guy's thought process is definitely different from normal people. Just as Lanu was racking his brains, trying to figure out what else he could do to impress this great master. Janice, however, seemed to have suddenly thought of something and his eyes lit up. He pointed to the well not far away, the one capable of replicating items, and said, "Got it. How about this? You use the water from that well to trade with me. Fill me a full jug and I'll tell you how to remove this mark. Upon hearing this, Lanu looked over and discovered that it was the well water with the ability to replicate. Without much thought, Lanu agreed without hesitation. Make a deal. Compared to my own life, a pot of wellwater is nothing. He told Lan Yu about the 10,000mi lock marked planted by the eternal night king. Essentially, it involved using a trace of primordial power directly imprinted on the soul and cannot be removed by ordinary means. To eliminate it, you need a special material called soul-leading flower. This type of peanut grows in extremely in places and can devour all energy at the soul level. However, the other party emphasized that it can only be used to remove the mark of the night king. The mark of nothingness is another characteristic which the soul devouring flower cannot achieve. Once you find the soul devouring flower, crush it and apply it to the mark. Then combine it with a special method of circulating shadow energy to completely erase the mark. Janice taught that method to Lu. He was told that according to his senses, there was a soul devouring flower in a valley not far from where Lanu was. Lu was overjoyed to have found a solution. He immediately withdrew from the mental world and followed Janice s guidance. Half a day later, the feather cooled down and was directly teleported to that valley. Perhaps he was lucky, as it only took him less than half an hour. In a dark cave deep in the valley, they found the soul devouring flower, which was entirely black and exuded an ominous aura. The materials have arrived. But a new problem arose. According to Janice, the process of erasing imprints requires absolute focus. The body must not move at all. Otherwise, if the flow of shadow energy goes wrong, not only will the mark not be eliminated, but it may also damage one's soul. This process will likely take several hours. But now, with that king incarnation still relentlessly pursuing him, how could he possibly have time to stop for several hours without moving? Why would the sevenstar puppet carry me while I run? No, the puppet is too slow. It will definitely be caught up. If only there were a fast and stable mode of transportation, just as Lana was worrying. Suddenly, a whooshing sound came from the sky above his head. He looked up and saw several strangely shaped ship-like flying machines flying overhead. Chapter 273. How much does one ship cost? I want to buy one land travel boat. Lu's eyes lit up instantly. It's like my wish came true. Meanwhile, on one of the most magnificent land ships, a group of fierce looking, thuggish men were sitting together, drinking heavily and boasting loudly. Boss, this time we're going to rob that Blackstone village. I heard that village is rolling in money. We're sure to make a fortune. That's right. After robbing the money, those young women in the village, he all of you keep your voices down. A burly man with a oneeyed appearance, their leader, slammed his hand on the table and shouted angrily, "Once we get our hands on it, I'll take care of how we divide the spoils. Now, all of you better be on your guard and don't mess things up." The robbers fell silent immediately after he shouted. However, at that moment, a calm voice suddenly rang out behind them, "Excuse me, may I bother you? Excuse me, how much does one of your land-based boats cost? I'd like to buy one." The sudden sound startled all the pirates on the ship. They turned around abruptly and saw a blue-haired youth who had silently appeared on their ship at some point, looking at them intently. "Who the hell are you? How did you get up here?" One of the robbers, both shocked and enraged, drew his machete from his waist and shouted at Lu. Lu did not answer his question. He simply glanced at the group's attire and their undisguised bandit-like demeanor, and a surge of joy welled up in his heart. It turned out to be a group of robbers. Very good. This eliminates the need for negotiation. Upon seeing this, the oneeyed leader was first takenback. Then a cruel smile appeared on his face. He looked on you up and down, and seeing that he was dressed plainly and was alone, he suddenly became boulder. "Kid, you've got a path to heaven, but you're barging into hell. Isn't this just a fat sheep delivered to your doorstep?" He grinned maliciously and waved his hand at his men. "Brothers, give it to me." However, he hadn't finished speaking. A dark sword light flashed and disappeared. The oneeyed leader's head shot skyward. Blood stained the deck red. A deathly silence fell over the ship. The remaining robbers stared in disbelief at the scene, their minds blank. Lonu slowly sheathed his sword, his face still bearing that calm expression. Ignoring the terrified robbers, he asked again in an unquestionable tone. Now, can you tell me which of your land ships is the fastest? Not long after, a group of robbers stood trembling on the deck, looking at the ship that belonged to their boss, the fastest and most magnificent land-based vessel carrying that ominous blue-haired youth. transformed into a streak of light and disappeared into the horizon. They were still somewhat stunned when the ship completely disappeared. What? What just happened? We We seem to have been robbed. Damn it. A group of professional robbers like us got robbed by a passerby. Today is the worst day ever. On the deck, a series of heart-wrenching whales erupted. On the other side, the avatar of the eternal night king was flying rapidly through the sky, following the markings. His face was so gloomy it could drip water. After chasing him for the past few days, the frustration and anger in his heart almost burned away his reason. That damn ant, it's like a slippery eel. It can run like a bastard. Every time he was about to catch up and think he could finally get revenge, his opponent would always manage to use that damned spatial feather to escape, making all his efforts feudal. It feels like you've thrown a punch with all your might. The result was that the needle hit the cotton ball, which was incredibly uncomfortable. However, just now he sensed something unusual. That kid's speed seems to have slowed down. Although it was still moving, it was noticeably slower than its previous frantic running speed. Oh, are you tired? The King of Eternal Knight sneered inwardly. Indeed, after a week of continuous escape, even the toughest person would reach their limit. Moreover, the opponent was merely a six-star shadowmaster. The shadow energy within his body must be almost exhausted. However, just as he was thinking this, something else made him feel uneasy. Over the course of the day, he could clearly feel it. The 10,000mi lock mark that he planted with a trace of his own power was slowly but steadily weakening. How is this possible? The king of eternal knight found it hard to believe. This mark is directly imprinted on the soul and unless a powerful being of the same monarch level uses special means, it is impossible to remove. How could Amir's six-star shadow master possibly achieve that? Could it be that mysterious deity residing within him has made a move? The thought of those cold, indifferent golden dragon eyes filled the night king with irritation. The harsh reality slapped him in the face, forcing him to accept the truth. That kid really had found a way to remove the mark. We can't delay any longer. Thinking of this, the Night King's eyes flashed with murderous intent. He has to catch that kid before the mark is completely erased. He held nothing back, unleashing the full power within him. Its speed increased to another level, transforming into a black lightning bolt that tore through the sky, frantically chasing after the last direction the mark sensed. About half a day later, above a range of rolling mountains, the Night King finally saw once again the target he hated so much. A black land ship was flying slowly through the valley. Found it. A terrifying killing intent erupted in the eyes of the Night King. He didn't act immediately, but followed silently. At the same time, through the secret channels of the eternal night pavilion, the highest level kill order was issued to all the subordinates lurking in the vicinity. This time he's going to lay a trap so that the kid can't escape. Soon, black figures emerged from the surrounding mountains and forests. Like sharks that have smelled blood, they silently surrounded the landship. However, strangely enough, faced with this murderous intent, surging from all directions. The landship, however, maintained its previous speed, flying at a leisurely pace, as if it were completely unaware of the approaching danger. Boom! A seven-star assassin from the Eternal Knight Pavilion launched the first attack. He slashed out with his sword and a huge blade of energy slammed into Lu Shinghas tail. Lu Shingho shuddered violently, but it was not destroyed. It just slowed down. It was at this moment buzz. A beam of black light flew out from the land-based boat, revealing a massive seven-star puppet. He reappeared in midair, blocking the path of all the assassins. Chapter 2, 74. Impotent Rage. The puppet's scarlet eyes swept across the entire area. Without saying a word, it charged directly at the assassins closest to it and launched a ferocious attack. The battle erupted instantly. However, the blue-haired boy never came out of the land-based boat. Only the puppet was fighting tirelessly. High in the sky, the Night King took in everything, but he did not rush to make a move. He simply observed quietly, his brows furrowing deeper and deeper. Something's not right. Something's really wrong. Given that kid's personality, once he realizes he's surrounded, even if he doesn't immediately use the spatial feather to escape, he will definitely activate Lu Shinghao as soon as possible to accelerate his breakout. But now, he allows Lu Shingho to be attacked, only sending out a puppet to fight. This is completely out of character for him. Moreover, that mark, the Night King, could clearly feel that since the start of the battle, the speed at which the mark was dissipating had suddenly increased several times over. The land-based boat flew slowly. He only sends out puppets to fight while he himself stays hidden away. The mark is fading rapidly. Clues were rapidly connecting in the mind of the Night King. A bold and exhilarating guess suddenly popped into his mind. That kid, although he found a way to remove the mark, he couldn't move during the process. That's right. That must be it. He's currently hiding in that landship, performing a crucial step in removing the mark, which is why he can't be distracted. That's why he could only send out a puppet to buy time. Hara, this is truly heaven's help. Having figured this out, the eternal night king couldn't help but burst into laughter. He felt he had seized a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. This is a fatal flaw. Everyone, destroy that ship at all costs. He issued a cold command to his subordinates below. Having received the king's order, the assassins of the eternal knight pavilion launched an even more frenzied attack. They bypassed the troublesome puppet and unleashed all their attacks on the black land ship. Boom, boom, boom. Violent energy continuously exploded on the landship. That fairly sturdy land-based boat, treasured by the bandit leader. Under the combined attack of several Sevenstar experts, it quickly became unable to hold on. The hull was riddled with cracks and parts kept falling off. Break. An assassin seized the opportunity, leaped high into the air, and swung his giant ax with the force of thunder, slamming it down on the top of Lu Shinghao. Click. A crisp sound. A huge hole was forcibly cleaved open in the roof of Lu Shinghao. It's done. All the assassins were expressions of joy. The Night King's eyes flashed with a sharp light, and he moved to personally go down and capture and kill the immobilized boy. He couldn't wait to see when the kid got to the most crucial step. He interrupted himself and then a look of despair and disbelief appeared on his face. However, just as they lifted the roof of the landship and saw what was inside. Everyone froze in their tracks. The joy on his face froze instantly. Instead, there was boundless terror and horror. Inside the broken cabin, all that could be seen was Lonnie was sitting cross-legged. There was not a trace of tension or weakness on his face. He was looking at them with a calm, even slightly mocking expression. Before him, a jet black long sword floated silently. Above the sword tip, a dark crescent moon, even more refined, deeper, and more terrifying than the one that had appeared above Cloud House City, was slowly rotating. The crescent moon emanated a destructive aura powerful enough to eclipse the very heavens and earth. Inside the cabin, Lonu watched as the expressions on the faces of the eternal night pavilion assassins outside shifted from ecstasy to terror and felt a strange sense of satisfaction. Let you chase me. You guys have been chasing me for over a week. Today, I'll make sure you get your principle and interest back all at once. That's right. He had already removed the mark long ago. Just as the assassins began to surround him, he had already completed the final step. With his current strength, plus Nith Hog's help, he could have easily activated Wings of Boundary Break again and left before everyone could surround him. But after being chased for so long, Lyu was also seething with anger. It would be so unlike him to slink away like that, given his vengeful nature. He wouldn't be satisfied unless he gave these guys a good beating. So, he turned the tables on him. He deliberately pretended to be still removing the mark and unable to move, luring these guys to attack him. Meanwhile, he used this time to continuously charge up the power of the dark moon dragon blade. It took a full hour to accumulate. This will be the longest charged and most powerful dark moon dragon blade he has ever unleashed. Now the time has come. Here's a big gift for you. Lanu looked at the eternal knight king in the sky whose expression had changed drastically and his smile grew even colder. Go. The dark crescent moon hovering at the tip of the Hegnes sword instantly transformed into a streak of light and shot into the sky. Oh no, get out of the way. The Lord of eternal night let out a horrified roar. He sensed an unprecedented crisis of death from that crescent moon. Without a second thought, he frantically activated the power of the wing of the sky, and his figure instantly vanished from his original spot, reappearing a thousand meters away. He dodged it, but his subordinates were not so lucky. The dark crescent moon suddenly swelled up the instant it flew out of the cabin. From its original palmsized size, it instantly transformed into a terrifying black moon blade that stretched across the sky for a thousand m. The crescent blade swept across silently. There was no explosion, no roar. But wherever it passed, the space seemed to be cut open with a pitch black crack. The dozen or so elite eternal night pavilion assassins didn't even have time to react. Their bodies were as thin as paper. Some people were cut in half at the waist. Some people had half their bodies cut off. A few unlucky ones right in the center of the moon blade didn't even have time to scream before being completely disintegrated and vanished in that extreme dark energy. Blood and severed limbs rained down from the sky. Just one strike. More than a dozen elites from the Eternal Knight pavilion, all of whom were at least six star, including some sevenstar powerhouses, were wiped out. A thousand meters away, the eternal night king, who had just revealed himself, stared blankly at the scene, completely dumbfounded. He looked at Lanu. Lanu smiled slightly at him and waved his hand. Goodbye. After saying that, he decisively activated the boundary-breaking feather and his figure disappeared again. All that remained was the image of a king, impotent and furious. This one is really beautiful. Chapter 2, 75. Grey Sun City. After completely resolving the troubles caused by the incarnation of the monarch, Lyu finally ushered in long-awaited peace without those annoying tracking marks and without the endless stream of assassins from the eternal night pavilion. For the next two weeks, he had no trouble getting around. However, out of caution, Lanu did not let his guard down. He maintained his high-speed movement, not lingering in any one place, and continued rushing towards the border of the shadow realm. Two weeks later, a magnificent and bustling mega city appeared on the horizon. Greyson City. The city is known for its grey sun every morning. This is one of the largest cities in the eastern part of the film industry and also the inland main city closest to the seapport. According to the map, it will only take three more days to reach the port of the sea of shadows from here. Once there, he can use a special route to leave the core area of the shadow realm and return to the border between the human world and the shadow realm. I'm almost home. After traveling continuously for more than a month, even Lanu with his strong physique felt a bit tired to take his final rest in this gray sun city. As usual, he paid the city entrance fee and entered the city smoothly. The city's prosperity far surpasses that of the previous Cloudhouse city. The wide streets, magnificent buildings, and the constant flow of ShadowClan members all demonstrate the city's strength and prosperity. Along the way, Lyu robbed cough cough. He seized quite a few shadow crystals, so he was quite well off. He didn't skimp on himself and checked into the most luxurious hotel in the city. A soft, comfortable bed, clean hot water, and exquisite food. Lanu lay on the bed, enjoying the long-lost comfort. So comfortable that he almost groaned out loud. Indeed, it is easy to go from frugality to extravagance, but difficult to go from extravagance to frugality. He planned to get a good night's sleep and recharge before heading to the port the next day. However, just as he closed his eyes, preparing to drift off to sleep. Nitthog's voice suddenly rang in his mind. Little one, how long do you plan to stay here? Lu was a little puzzled, but still replied, "About a day. I'll leave tomorrow. What's wrong?" He could sense that Nits tone seemed a little off. Nth Hog was silent for a moment, then said, "Take out your two mythical relics, the sword of Hegny and the Father of Boundary Break, and let me see them." Although he didn't understand, Wanu did as instructed. With a thought, two top tier mythical relics, one black and one white, appeared in his hands. As soon as he took it out, Wanu noticed something was wrong. These two mythical relics, which are usually quiet and still, are now trembling slightly at a frequency that is imperceptible to the naked eye. In particular, the sword of Hegny even emitted a slight humming sound, as if it were resonating with something. "What's going on?" Lanu asked in surprise. Nidhogs voice carried a hint of somnity and excitement. just as I expected. Ever since I entered this city, I've had a very strange feeling, as if something extraordinary is about to descend upon this area. Now, it seems that my feeling was right. The treasure that can elicit a reaction from mythical relics of the caliber of the sword of Hegny, and they feather of the boundary, is definitely extraordinary. It might even be an existence of the same level as them. A treasure on par with the sword of Hegny. Lanus heart skipped a beat. If only I could get one more. Suppressing his excitement, Lyu asked in his mind, "So, you mean you want me to stay here a few more days and see how things go?" Nidhog pondered for a moment, then said, "It's up to you. The appearance of a treasure of this caliber will inevitably attract the covetous eyes of countless powerful individuals, and its danger is beyond doubt." She changed the subject, but my personal advice is that fortune favors the bold. This is a once-ina-lifetime opportunity. If you miss it, you'll never have another one. Hearing Nidhog's analysis, Lan Yu also fell into deep thought. Danger? How many dangers has he encountered along the way? He survived even the pursuit of a king in disguise. So why would he be afraid of this? Moreover, he will later face the formidable enemy of nothingness. Mythical relics that can enhance strength and serve as a trump card. One more item is always better. As the saying goes, fortune favors the bold. To become stronger quickly, you must seize every possible opportunity. After thinking for only a few seconds, Lanu made his decision. Stay a couple more days and see how things go. His eyes gleamed with a light called ambition. After making the decision, Lanu was no longer in a hurry to rest. He closed his eyes and his mind once again sank into the world of his imagination. He was going to meet someone to thank them in person. It remains that tranquil island. Lanu quickly found Janice, the king of the sky realm, who was intently fishing at the usual spot. Boss. Lanu walked up behind him and said sincerely, "Thank you very much this time." He felt it was essential to come in person and express his sincere gratitude. After all, if Janice hadn't told him how to remove the mark last time, he is probably still being relentlessly pursued by that king incarnate with nowhere to run or escape. Although the other party demanded wellwater as payment, Lanu felt that it was more of a superficial reason. After all, this big shot has always stayed in his own mental world. If he really wants well water, he can get it himself anytime. There is no need to exchange with him. Janice simply flicked his fishing rod casually and said without turning his head. Don't worry about it. It's just a transaction. He didn't seem to appreciate such words of gratitude. Lanu didn't say anything more. He knew this man's personality. After a moment of silence, Janice spoke first. He looked at the sea and said calmly, "Oh, by the way, just a reminder. I've already studied that well that can replicate things. That thing can't be used indiscriminately. Each copy requires a large amount of the power of the legendary water droplets to recover. The cool down time is about half a month. Upon hearing this, Wanu nodded, indicating that he understood. This was exactly what he expected. Such an incredible ability would be abnormal if it had no limitations. Just then, Janice suddenly stood up and put away his small fishing rod. All right, I should go now. Huh? Lonnie was taken aback. Go? Where to? His heart skipped a beat and he felt a strange sadness. Oh no, is my invincible cheat code about to go offline? Janice seemed to read his mind, turned around, walked over, and patted him on the shoulder. Those small hands patting him carried an undeniable sense of weight. Don't worry, it's not that I'm not coming back. I have some things to take care of over there. I'll come back once I'm done. After all, you're quite comfortable here, Wanu asked. How long will that take? Chapter 276. the world in the well. Janice thought for a moment and said, "It's hard to say. In short, it'll take a year and a half. In long, it'll take 3 or 4 years." "So long?" Lana was a little disappointed, but there was nothing he could do. All right, before I leave, I'll give you one last piece of news. Consider it a parting gift. Janice gave a mysterious smile. That replicated wellwater is far more complicated than it appears. If you have time, jump in and take a look for yourself. There's a surprise inside. After saying that, before Lu could ask about his whereabouts, he transformed into specks of blue light and slowly dissipated into the air. Lu was left standing there, completely bewildered. Jump into the well and take a look. Lu turned around and glanced at the unremarkable well not far away. His heart filled with curiosity. Surprise? Something that this big shot calls a surprise must be something extraordinary. Lanu muttered to himself. If you have time, I have free time right now, don't I? He thought about it and concluded that Janice wouldn't stoop to such a level as to betray him. Let's do it. Without further hesitation, he took a deep breath and leaped into the well. Thump. The icy well water instantly submerged him. The well water was icy cold, but it was nothing to Lu's current physical condition. He opened his eyes and found himself in a bottomless vertical tunnel. Without hesitation, he continued to descend along the well wall. After swimming for about a minute, just when he thought the well was truly bottomless, a strange lake suddenly appeared below him. The lake's surface shimmerred with a soft glow, creating a striking contrast with the surrounding dark well water. Lanus heart skipped a beat. Realizing that this must be the entrance to this surprise that Janice had mentioned, he swam vigorously toward the lake and passed through the membrane of light without any hindrance. Whoosh! He emerged from the lake and found himself in a strange cave that shimmerred with a ghostly blue light. The cave walls are inlaid with countless unknown luminous crystals, illuminating the entire space like a dream. He looked around and soon found a line of familiar handwriting on a smooth stone wall. The king of the void has been here. The handwriting is flamboyant and full of childlike mischief. Lana was speechless. This big shot really doesn't have any heirs of a powerful person. A naughty child, he scribbles and draws everywhere. He shook his head, ignoring the graffiti, and began to carefully explore the cave. Soon, he found an upward passage deep inside the cave. He followed the passage upwards. At the end of the passage, a thick dark stone wall blocked the way. Lanu reached out his hand, ready to try and push the stone wall open. However, something unexpected happened. His arm actually passed right through that stone wall. It's as if the wall doesn't exist at all, just a phantom. His arm too was like a ghost devoid of any physical form. Soul state. Lana was taken aback at first, but then immediately realized what was happening. He is now in the form of a soul. Having entered this world underground, he couldn't help but sigh inwardly, realizing that this world inside the well was indeed extraordinary in every way. Without further hesitation, he passed directly through the elucory stone wall. Beyond the stone wall lies a completely different world. Suddenly, a very spacious room opened up before me. The room is decorated in a classical medieval style with a high dome and rows of shelves filled with various antiques and objects. This appears to be the interior of an ancient castle. Around the room stood a dozen stone knight statues, each clad in heavy armor and wielding a weapon. These stone knights caught Lanu's attention. He sensed a structural aura emanating from these stone knights that was very similar to that of the puppets he had encountered in Shadow Puppet Village. Could it be that this place is connected to that shadow puppet village in some way? A sense of doubt arose in Lanu's heart. He stepped forward, ready to take a closer look at these stone knights. However, his gaze was soon completely drawn to another item on the shelf. His gaze swept quickly across the rows of shelves. Suddenly, his gaze settled on the top shelf of one of the shelves. There, a teardrop-like crystal appeared. Inside, a blue gemstone, seemingly containing a starry sky, lay there quietly, emitting faint and pure spatial fluctuations. Tears of the void. Lan Yus breathing instantly became rapid. This is the last crucial material he needs to advance to the seven stars level. He had been worried about where to find such a top quality material that was priceless and unavailable. I never expected to appear in front of him here in this way. This is truly something I searched high and low for only to find it without any effort at all. Lanu was overjoyed and subconsciously reached out to take the tear of the void. However, his hand went straight through the gem. The ecstasy on Lan Yus face instantly froze. He then realized that he was now just a soul without a physical body. This feeling is simply amazing. The priceless treasure is right before your eyes, yet you can only see it but not touch it. Is there anything more upsetting than this? Lana was not giving up and tried several more times, but the result was the same. He scratched his head in frustration. What to do? Are we just going to stand by and watch? No. His gaze once again fell upon the stone knights surrounding the room. A bold idea slowly emerged in his mind. If the structure of these stone knights is similar to that of those shadow puppets, then could I try to control them? He learned how to control those shadow puppets back in shadow puppet village. Since these stone knights in front of us have similar structures, can they also be made the same? Just do it. Lanu took a deep breath and slowly extended his soul power toward the stone knight closest to him. His soul power was like an invisible tentacle. They carefully probed into the stone knight's body and began to analyze its internal energy circuits and core structure. The process went more smoothly than he had imagined. Although the construction of these stone knights is much more complex and sophisticated than that of those in Shadow Puppet Village, their core principles are the same. After a series of not too difficult attempts, Lanu succeeded. He felt his soul establish a faint connection with the stone knight. But he soon discovered a new problem. This connection is very unstable, as if it could be broken at any moment. Moreover, he can no longer control it remotely as before. It seems we have no choice but to go in. Wu made a judgment. With a thought, his entire soul transformed into a stream of light and directly entered the body of the stone knight. The moment you enter the puppet, a strange sense of control arises spontaneously. He felt as if he had become the brain of this cold stone statue. He could clearly perceive every part of this body. Move a little. Lanu gave the order in his mind. Creek. The stone knight's stiff fingers twitched slightly. It was a success. Lu was overjoyed. He controlled the somewhat awkwardly proportioned stone knight, walking step by step towards the shelf where the tears of the void were displayed. He walked to the shelf, slowly raised his stone arm, and reached for the blue gem. This time, a cold and hard sensation came from my fingertips. He successfully grasped the tear of the void in his hand. However, the moment he removed the tears of the void from the shelf. A sharp piercing sound suddenly came from behind him. Chapter 277. The castle owner. a massive battle axe carrying immense force cleaved fiercely toward his back. Lana was startled, but his reaction was quick. He controlled the stone knight and with a sideep easily dodged the attack. Boom! The battle axe struck empty air, shattering the sturdy wooden frame to pieces. Lanu turned his head to look. What attacked him was another stone knight, exactly the same as the one he was controlling. The stone knight's eyes flashed with a cold red light. It raised its battle axe and uttered a series of mechanical syllables that Lan Yu couldn't understand at all at #uan% asterisk. However, strangely enough, when those unfamiliar languages entered the stone knight's body where Lanu was, they seemed to undergo some kind of strange transformation. He actually miraculously understood. The meaning of that sentence is very simple. Thief detected. Activate attack mode. Thief. Lanu glanced down at the void tier in his hand and instantly understood. These stone knights were actually the guardians of this place. Taking the void tier triggered their warning mechanism. The stone knight opposite him didn't give him any more time to think. It moved again. This time it was even faster than before, turning into a blur as it charged towards Lan Yu once again. That speed was enough to rival that of an ordinary sevenstar shadow master. Despite the fierce attack, Lan Yus eyes remained calm. His speed at the mere beginning stage of the Seven Stars realm was not enough to impress him. Moreover, the opponent was merely a mindless puppet whose attack methods were too monotonous and full of flaws. He didn't even turn his head. He simply manipulated the stone knight he was possessing and thrust his sword backward with a backhand motion. The movements are simple and direct yet incredibly fast. Clang. A crisp metallic clang rang out. The seemingly ordinary stone sword accurately blocked the opponent's powerful battle axe. Immediately afterwards, Lanu twisted his wrist. The stone sword, like a venomous snake emerging from its hole, traced a strange arc along the handle of the opponent's ax in an instant. Puff, puff, puff, puff, puff. Five consecutive dull thuds as sharp blades pierced flesh. Before the menacing stone knight could even react to what was happening, its limbs and head already separated from its body. The body cut into six pieces, rushed towards Lan Yu due to inertia, and then scattered on the ground with a crash. Sold out instantly. Lanu was already used to fighting opponents of higher levels, and even fighting opponents two stars higher was commonplace for him. If he can't easily defeat a puppet that's only one star higher than him and has no brains, then he might as well give up. However, the next moment, something happened that slightly surprised him. The stones scattered on the ground began to tremble slightly. Then, as if they came to life, they began to slowly wriggle and converge towards the center. Judging by this, it won't take more than a few seconds for this puppet, which he has dismembered, to be reassembled and restored to its original state. This is really troublesome. Lanu pursed his lips. He raised the stone sword, intending to interrupt the others restoration. However, at that moment, a clear melodious voice like that of a night and gale suddenly rang out in the empty room. The voice spoke in a language that Lanu couldn't understand. But through the stone golem's translation function, he understood again. The content is very simple, consisting of only one word, stop. As the word fell, the stone knight that was attacking Lonu stopped moving instantly. Even the fragments that were wriggling and coalescing suddenly froze in place, motionless. Lon Yus heart stirred and he looked in the direction from which the sound came. Suddenly, a small thin figure appeared at the top of the stairs on the second floor of the room. That was a girl, completely black. She wore an elaborate and gorgeous black gothic gown, but her skin, hair, and eyes were all pure, unblenmished black, like a human figure made of shadows without any substance. Aside from her figure, which tells you she's a girl, you can't see her specific features at all. The shadow girl was leaning against the stair railing, half her body hanging out, looking down at the mess below, and complaining. Number 76. Number 75. What's going on with you two? Did you trip over your own feet again and fall down? Honestly, how did I ever design you two idiots? Her voice was filled with disdain for her own work. She clearly assumed the commotion downstairs was caused by the two clumsy puppets accidentally tripping over each other. A designed puppet? Lan Yus heart stirred upon hearing this. Could this mysterious shadow girl be the owner of this ancient castle and also the creator of these stone knights? However, when the shadow girl walked down the stairs and saw the situation clearly, the complaint on her face instantly froze. She saw puppet number 75 holding its stone sword high, poised to strike. Meanwhile, the puppet number 76 opposite her was dismembered and scattered all over the ground. This this doesn't mean he fell down on his own. This is clearly a fight. The shadow girl froze on the spot, her dark, expressionless face seemingly filled with disbelief. She covered her mouth and spoke slowly, her voice trembling slightly. You two, are you fighting? This is the first time something like this has happened in all these years. Her tone was filled with shock. It's like seeing your two pet cats suddenly stand on their hind legs and start a boxing match. However, the next second, the girl's reaction was completely unexpected by Lu. The shock on her face was quickly replaced by an indescribable excitement. As if suddenly remembering something, she turned around abruptly and rushed back upstairs. Lana was completely baffled by her actions. Is this going to call for help? We're going to get some more powerful weapon. Less than a minute, the shadow girl rushed back again. However, this time she had something more in her hands. She was carrying a small, comfortable looking stool with a back rest in one hand. In his other hand, he was holding a plate. The plate was filled with all sorts of strange dark-l lookinging snacks made of some unknown material. She moved the stool to the best spot with a heave ho sound and then plopped down on it. She placed the plate of snacks on her lap, picked up a piece, and looked at the two puppets in the room with great interest. Then, in a tone full of anticipation, she gave the order again. Cancel command. Continue. As her voice faded, the stone knight, who had been frozen in place, regained its movement, raised its battle ax, and roared as it charged toward Lanu. Chapter 278. The strange castle mistress. Lu was utterly speechless at the dramatic scene before him. After all that, it turns out this guy ran back not to call for help, nor to get weapons. Instead, they're moving chairs and grabbing snacks to get ready to watch the show. Luide inwardly. The owner of this castle seems to have a somewhat abnormal thought process. However, he had no interest in playing with her. He wanted a quick victory. This time, he didn't hold back. The shadow energy within his body surged wildly into the stone sword. Buzz. The stone sword emitted a loud hum and a jet black light shone from its blade. A fleeting moment. A black sword light condensed to its extreme, flashed, and disappeared within the room. The body of the puppet number 76 was neatly split in two from head to toe. On the smooth cut surface, there are even traces of being burned by high temperature. This time, Lanu didn't give it any chance to recover. With a thought, his powerful aura, like countless chains, pin the shattered stones to their original positions, keeping them forever separated by an insurmountable distance, preventing them from ever coming together again. In the distance, the shadow girl who was stuffing snacks into her mouth was completely stunned by this scene. The black pastry in her hand stopped at her lips, but she forgot to put it in. Her mind was blank. She couldn't understand it. They were both puppets she created, and they were almost identical in strength. Why? Why was the outcome decided with just one move? Moreover, it was such a decisive and overwhelming victory. Just as she was too shocked to speak, the victorious stone knight slowly turned around to face her. A calm yet unfamiliar voice came from beneath the cold stone helmet armor. "Hello, I think there might be some misunderstanding between us. If you are the owner of this castle, please allow me to apologize for my inappropriate behavior just now." Upon hearing this, the shadow girl's dark face finally lost all composure. The pastry in her hand fell to the ground with a thud. She stared blankly at the stone knight in front of her, who was speaking to her in a polite tone. he murmured to himself. The puppet I created it actually spoke. 10 minutes later in the reception room on the first floor of the castle beside an exquisite round table, the stone knight controlled by Lon Yu and the mysterious shadow girl sat facing each other. The atmosphere was somewhat subtle. The expression on the shadow girl's face had softened considerably from the initial shock and blankness. Clearly, in those 10 minutes, Lyu had explained the ins and outs of the matter to her. from how he unexpectedly arrived here to why he took the tear of the void. To Lan Yu's surprise, this seemingly eccentric girl had a very strong ability to learn. After hearing Lan Yus explanation, she was not angry at all, but quickly forgave Lan Yus rash behavior of taking the things and running away. Of course, there is a very important reason for this. Janice, the king of the sky. So, the shadow girl picked up a glass of black liquid from the table, took a small sip, and then spoke. Are you the guest that Mr. Smuff mentioned the one who will come from the well later? Puff. When Lonu heard the words Smurfs, he almost lost his composure. He suppressed a laugh and nodded. During their conversation, he learned that Janice had been here before him and had spoken with the shadow girl in front of him. That unreliable king of the void seemed to have given them advanced notice, saying that a guest would be coming to visit later. However, he never expected that Janice would refer to himself as a smuff in front of others. This nickname is just hilarious. Lanu cleared his throat trying to make his voice sound as normal as possible. If if the smuff you're talking about is someone who glows blue all over and looks like a little kid, then I think that must be him. By the way, Lu didn't want to dwell on the awkward form of a dress any longer. I was so busy explaining that I haven't had a chance to ask, "Are you the owner of this castle?" Upon hearing this question, the shadow girl seemed to straighten up. Although he couldn't see her expression clearly, Lanu could detect a slight sense of pride in her tone. My name is Hillen Kelster. He is the first head of the Kelster family and the only owner of this eternally silent castle. The Kelster family. Upon hearing the name, Lu felt a strange sense of familiarity. It wasn't his own memory, but rather the memory of the original owner of this body. He seemed to have a somewhat vague impression of the term. It seems that when I was a child, my family's history teacher mentioned this name. But he couldn't remember exactly what it was because it had been so long ago. Maybe I can look into it after I returned to the human world. Lu thought to himself. A family that can be included in history courses by a top tier family like the Lawn family is definitely not a simple existence. So, it's the head of the Hen family. My apologies. Lanu controlled the puppet and performed a standard noble salute. Helen seemed pleased with his politeness and nodded slightly. After exchanging pleasantries, Lanu finally got back to the main topic. He pointed to the tier of the void he had placed on the table and said, "Patriarch Har about this item. I urgently need this material because I'm advancing to the seven stars level. That's why I was in a hurry just now and offended you. Please forgive me. I'm willing to exchange this tier of the void for something of equal value. For example, starry sky, which is also a key material for the seven stars. What do you think?" Lu has already replicated several sets of sevenst star materials through the well in his mental world. He doesn't hesitate to exchange one of them for another. However, what he didn't expect was after hearing his words, Helen shook his head directly, "No, my castle is full of treasures. Adding another item would just take up space." She paused, then said in a matterof fact tone, "Since you need this tier of the void, just take it. Consider it a small gift from me." Oh. Lana was stunned upon hearing this. Give it to me. This is the tears of the void. These are top quality materials that you can't buy even if you have money. Countless Peak six-star powerhouses fought tooth and nail for such a small stone, even resorting to war. But when it came to her, she actually just gave it away like that. Looking at Shiluin's this thing is worthless expression, Lanu was momentarily speechless. Seeing that the stone knight controlled by Lu hesitated to reach for the tear of the void, Haren seemed to have noticed his hesitation. She tilted her head, thought for a moment, and then said, "If you feel really bad about taking it for free." "How about this? Could you bring me some books next time you come?" Henchapter 279. An unexpected treasure. A book? Wanu asked, puzzled. Helen nodded, his tone tinged with anticipation. "Yes, a book. I heard from Mr. Smuff that you came from a cave behind that wall and then from the lake. But I went to see it and from my perspective there was no cave or lake behind that wall at all. So I think you must have come to me from another world through some very special means. Right? Since they are different worlds, your world must have many interesting books, right? A hint of distress seemed to appear on her dark face. I don't have many other hobbies, but I really enjoy reading. But I've read all the books in this castle countless times, and I'm almost tired of them. Lanu gleaned a great deal of information from her words. First of all, the passage connecting the mental world in this ancient castle is one way. Only you can see and pass through it. Secondly, the girl in front of me who looks quite young seems to have been in this castle for a very, very long time. Last but not least, she wanted a book for Lanu. This deal was like a windfall. Would you trade a few books which are readily available in the human world for a priceless tear of emptiness? Is there a better deal than this? Lanu nodded in agreement without hesitation. No problem. Don't just say a few. I'll bring you as many as you want. Our world has all sorts of interesting books. Hearing Lanus assurance, Sharan seemed very happy. Although he couldn't see her expression clearly, Lanu could sense that she was radiating a joyful aura. Great, she exclaimed happily. Then it settled. Please take this tear of the void. Remember to bring me a book next time you come. She pushed the blue gemstone in front of Lanu. Lana no longer held back. He controlled the stone knight and solemnly put away the tears of the void. Then I won't bother you any longer. I'll take my leave now. Having achieved his goal, Lanu prepared to leave and returned to the real world to complete his promotion as soon as possible. Lanu controlled the stone knight and turned to walk back towards the wall they had come from. However, just as he was about to pass through the wall, Helen's voice came from behind him again. Oh, right guest. Next time you come, could you bring me some um you know those story books with lots of pretty pictures about love and romance between men and women? I heard Mr. Smuff say that those kinds of books are called what's it called? Comics? Lu stumbled and almost lost his balance. He turned around stiffly, looked at the expectant girl in the shadow, and couldn't help but twitch his lips. He seriously suspected that Janice, that unreliable fellow, had instilled some strange things in this innocent girl. Lanu, still feeling quite annoyed, finally agreed to Shiuin's small request. He could even imagine how this first patriarch, who had lived for countless years, would be completely engrossed in his manga when he brought a bunch of Shiao manga next time. The scene was too beautiful for him to imagine. After bidding farewell to the somewhat eccentric but surprisingly easygoing castle owner, Lan Yu controlled his soul form and returned the way he came. He passed through the stone wall, returned to the cave with its shimmering light, and then plunged into the strange lake. With a familiar feeling of weightlessness, his consciousness returned to his body in the real world. On the soft, large bed in the hotel, Lanu suddenly opened his eyes. He took a deep breath, feeling the real sensation of his body being filled again, but he was still somewhat dazed. This journey through the world of mental images was truly fantastical. He not only obtained the key material for advancing to the seventh star, the Tear of the Void, but also unexpectedly discovered a mysterious ancient castle in another world, as well as a living first patriarch of the Kelster family. All of this made him feel like he was dreaming. He reached out his hand, a thought forming in his mind. Tearropshaped gem shimmering with brilliant blue light appeared out of thin air in his palm. It was that tear of the void. Upon handling the gemstone, a cool and pure sensation lingered in my hand. The unmistakable tactile sensation told him that none of this was a dream. We've struck it rich. Once we return to the human world, we'll have to thoroughly investigate the origins of this Kelster family, Wanu thought to himself, making a mental note of it. Currently, all the materials needed to advance to the sevenstar level have been collected. All you need to do is wait for the progress of six stars to reach 100%. Then one can hold a promotion ceremony and step into the ranks of sevenstar shadow masters. Lana glanced at the current progress rank six-star shadow master 36%. Since becoming a six-star shadow master, my progress has slowed down considerably. But Lanu could understand since it was harder to improve one's rank as one progressed. Moreover, Lanu's speed would still leave others speechless if they saw it. I pulled myself back to reality. On the soft, large bed, Lanu sank into a long- lost sense of comfort. Chapter 280. Gathering information, I rested for a while, he got out of bed, quickly tidied his clothes, and left the room. At the front desk of the luxury hotel stood a youngl looking Shadow Clan member whose strength was probably only around two stars, idly wiping the counter. Lu walked over and casually placed a shadow crystal on the counter. The young Shadow Clan member s eyes lit up when he saw the crystal clearar shadow crystal and his expression became enthusiastic. How may I help you, sir? Lu asked succinctly. I want to ask about something. I'm new to Greyson City and not very familiar with the area. I was wondering if there have been any unusual or interesting rumors circulating in the city recently. Rumors? The young man was taken aback. Then a look of understanding appeared on his face. It seemed that quite a few people had been asking this question recently. He definitely put away the shadow crystal, lowered his voice, and said mysteriously, "Guest, you must be from out of town. If there's one big rumor going around lately, it's definitely the news that Sky City Babylon is about to appear in this area. Castle in the Sky." Lonu felt a slight stirring in his heart upon hearing this name. He was not unfamiliar with this name. In fact, he was quite familiar with it. The sky city consists of three great wonders left over from the age of mythology. They were powerful war fortresses in themselves and their interiors contained countless secrets and treasures from the mythical era. The headquarters of the shadow bureau of the human world is located in one of the sky cities called Asgard. Apart from the one owned by the administration bureau, the other two have remained missing, existing only in ancient legends and records. I never expected to encounter news of one of them about to appear here. The treasure that Nidhog sensed is most likely on that sky city. Where did this news come from? Wanu asked calmly. The young woman at the front desk spoke freely. It first came from the East District. It is said that some informants and mercenaries over there were the first to discover the anomaly. Right now, the entire East District is practically bursting at the seams with Shadow Clan members who rushed here after hearing the news. It's incredibly lively. East District. Lana nodded, tossed a few more Shadow Crystals as a reward, and then turned and left the inn. Without any delay, he walked straight towards the East District. Greyson City is a place where mercenaries, assassins, intelligence brokers, and all sorts of people mingle. It's a melting pot of all sorts of people, but that's precisely why it's the most well-informed place in the entire city. Upon entering the Eastern District, the air seemed to be filled with a restless atmosphere mixed with the smells of alcohol, sweat, and blood. Shadow Clan members with various weapons hanging on their backs and fierce eyes can be seen everywhere on both sides of the street. They gathered in groups of three or five or loudly played drinking games at roadside stalls where they might be whispering in the shadows of an alley and without exception the topic of their conversation revolves around castle in the sky. It seems this news is no longer a secret. Lu's gaze swept across the street and finally his eyes settled on the bar that looked the most lively. The bar sign read Mad Dog Bar in crooked allegible script. People came and went at the entrance, and the noise, shouts, and clinking of glasses filled the air. There's no better place than this to gather information. Lanu straightened his collar and stepped into the bar, a place brimming with chaos and opportunity. As soon as Lanu stepped into the Mad Dog bar, a stronger, murky atmosphere mixed with cheap alcohol and various body odors hit him, causing him to frown slightly. The bar was dimly lit and extremely noisy. Everywhere you look, there are shadow clan members, their faces flushed from drinking, loudly boasting. The aura emanating from them was mostly between three and five stars, clearly indicating that they were ruthless characters who lived on the edge of a knife. Lan Yus appearance didn't attract much attention. He looked too ordinary, like a young Shadow Clan member fresh out of school, unlikely to cause any ripples in this place. He found an inconspicuous corner to sit down, ordered the cheapest beer, and then listened carefully to the conversations around him. Have you heard? It seems that the sky city descended at a location outside the city called Weeping Valley. Really? Is this news reliable? Don't tell me it's a scam. It's almost certainly true. My second uncle's cousin's neighbor works at the city lord's mansion, and it said that the city lord has already sent people to seal off that area. So, what if it's sealed off? The city lord's mansion thinks they can monopolize those mythical relics. Dream on. In the end, it'll all come down to who has the ability. Chapter 2, 81. A special ticket. As long you sipped his bland, lowquality liquor, he gathered these scattered pieces of information in his mind. It seems the news that Sky City is about to appear is indeed true. However, he soon heard an even more crucial piece of information. What's the use of just knowing the location? I heard that to enter Sky City, you need a special ticket called something like Skystone. A drunken oneeyed man slammed his fist on the table and shouted. The person next to him asked curiously, "Sky Stone, what's that?" The oneeyed giant let out a burp. Who knows? Anyway, it's a special kind of stone. Without that thing, even if the sky city appeared in front of you, you still couldn't get in. Moreover, I've heard that there are very few sky stones left outside now, and most of them have already been acquired by the major families in the city and the city lord's mansion. A large family, a lord. Hearing this, Lanu frowned even more deeply. It's always like this. Good things are always in the hands of these top level powers. Ordinary people can't even get a sip of soup. Just as Lonu was pondering whether he should simply visit a certain powerful family, borrow a piece of the sky stone for use, a shadowy looking thin man. He quietly approached his table with his wine glass in hand and plopped down on it. The man winked and asked in a low voice, "Brother, you're from out of town, right?" Wanu glanced at him, but didn't say anything. The man didn't seem to care and continued speaking to himself. Seeing you drinking alone here all by yourself. Are you also worried about the sky city situation? He lowered his voice, moved closer, and a strong smell of bad breath wafted over. Brother, to be honest, although the sky city is about to descend, not everyone will have the chance to go in and search for treasure. Seeing that Lu remained unmoved, he seemed to get a little anxious and directly threw out his own chips. Entering Sky City requires a sky stone as a ticket. You've probably heard about this, brother, haven't you? The shifty eyed man is mysterious, part one. Unfortunately, I happen to have one in my hand. As he spoke, he carefully took out something wrapped in black cloth from his pocket and then quickly lifted a corner to show Lu. It was a palms-sized, irregularly shaped stone with a peculiar grayish white color throughout. A faint, almost imperceptible aura emanated from it, giving it a rather mysterious appearance. The shifty man looked smug. How's it going, brother? I risked my life to get this from someone inside a powerful family. Since we're destined to meet, I'll sell it to you for a fixed price of 100,000 shadow crystals. 100,000 shadow crystals is an absolute fortune for ordinary Shadow Clan members. However, Lan Yu looked at the so-called sky stone without changing his expression. After all, he didn't believe that the sky stone would actually be delivered to his face. Just then, a loud voice suddenly came from the direction of the bar. Rat, you're trying to fool the new kid again, aren't you? There was a burly bar owner with a full beard holding a rag. She stormed over and grabbed the wrist of the shifty man. You bastard. You still haven't paid me back the money you cheated me out of last time, and now you want to cause trouble on my turf again. Believe me or not, I'll break your legs and throw you out. The bar owner was cursing. He gave Lonu a look that said, "Brother, don't fall for it." And then kindly reminded him, "Young man, don't believe his nonsense. This guy is a professional swindler. Cheating and deceiving are his specialties. Then the owner turned to the crowd in the bar and shouted, "Attention everyone, there are a lot of scammers around lately, so keep your eyes open and don't get sold out and still be counting the money for them." The shifty man remained calm, even when caught red-handed by his boss. He just chuckled, broke free from the boss's hand, and disappeared into the crowd in a flash. The bar owner chased the con man away. Then he pulled something out of his pocket that looked like a photograph and waved it at everyone. The background of that photo is the bar counter of this bar. In the photo, a hand with distinct knuckles is holding a glass of wine. Next to the wine glass was a peculiar stone. That stone was completely different from the fake item the swindler had just shown. It is crystal clear and there seems to be a starry river flowing inside. Even just a photo can convey its extraordinary nature. The bar owner proudly held up the photo and said, "Look carefully. The one in my photo is the real Sky Stone. Everyone should pay attention to identification and not be fooled by those clueless scammers." The moment the boss said that, the entire bar erupted in chaos. Holy crap. That's the real Sky Stone. Boss, you actually saw it with your own eyes. This stone is so beautiful. It's definitely not an ordinary stone. Boss, tell me quickly, who is this person holding this stone? Do you know where he is? In an instant, countless questions flooded the bar owner like a tidal wave. However, the boss waved his hand, signaling everyone to be quiet. He cleared his throat and said with a serious expression, "Everyone, everyone, please calm down. I'm showing you these photos so you'll be more careful and not get scammed. As for the information about the guest in the photo, I will not reveal a single word." He looked around, his tone becoming serious. We're all in this together, so let's put ourselves in each other's shoes. You wouldn't want to be drinking in my bar one day and have your privacy sold for a few bucks, would you? The boss spoke with righteous indignation. The people in the bar were somewhat disappointed, but they couldn't say anything to refute it. Indeed, if we put ourselves in someone else's shoes, no one wants their information to be sold so easily. The boss is indeed following the rules, there's nothing wrong with that. The commotion in the bar was quelled by the owner's few words. However, the fact that most people were appeased does not mean that everyone will give up. For those ruthless individuals determined to obtain Sky City, rules are meant to be broken. Just as the bar owner calmed the commotion down and turned to walk towards the stairs behind the bar to go upstairs to rest. Lan Yu, who had been sitting in the corner, observing coldly, had a slight smile on his lips. His six senses are like invisible eyes. We followed closely in the footsteps of the boss heading towards the second floor which was full of secrets. A sign that reads no trespassing hangs at the top of the stairs leading to the second floor. Moreover, Lan used six senses clearly perceived it. The entire second floor was enveloped by a faint energy barrier. This is a common type of barrier used to prevent mental or sensory abilities from spying on you. For ordinary Shadow Clan members, this barrier, though not strong, can still serve as a good warning and barrier. Unfortunately, it encountered Lan Yu. Chapter 282. When did you come in? Lu's six senses were far beyond those of ordinary people from the very beginning of their awakening. After this period of growth, its range has exceeded 100 m, and its strength and penetration are now vastly different from what they used to be. This barrier appears to others as an impenetrable fortress. In his perception, it was as fragile as a thin sheet of paper, easily broken with the slightest touch. His senses penetrated the barrier without hindrance, and he followed the bar owner into a room on the second floor that appears to be the boss's private lounge. However, the moment the boss pushed open the door and walked in, the smile on his face froze. The room was not empty at all. In the dim light, several figures wearing black cloaks, their entire bodies shrouded in shadow, could be seen. They stood there quietly like several silent statues. A fierce and icy aura instantly filled the entire room. The bar owner's pupils contracted sharply, but as someone who had been welcoming and seeing off customers here for years, he quickly regained his composure. He closed the door, forcing a smile back onto his face. If you'd like to have a drink, there are seats downstairs. This is my private area, so it's probably not convenient here. However, the cloaked figures completely ignored his nonsense. The middle-aged member of the shadow clan who was in the lead slowly raised his head, revealing a face covered in pock marks, his voice and cold. Name your price. Who is the person holding the sky stone in the photo? His words were simple and direct without any beating around the bush and filled with an undeniable sense of pressure. The bar owner's smile faltered slightly, but he still tried to struggle. Everyone, as I've already said, I have my own rules here. Before he could finish speaking, he was rudely interrupted by the pockmarked middle-aged man. The pockmarked middle-aged man's eyes were like those of a venomous snake, fixed intently on the boss. We don't want to hear it a second time. Either you name your price and tell us what you know, or we'll smash up this lousy bar right now and hang you out the door to interrogate you slowly. A blatant threat. The bar owner's face finally darkened. He knew that things were unlikely to end well today. He remained silent for a moment, seemingly weighing the pros and cons, before slowly speaking. "What if I told you that the people in the photo are from one of the six most powerful families in the city? Wouldn't you all have come all this way for nothing?" He was testing the waters with those words. Most of the tickets to Sky City are controlled by the various families and lords in the city. This is common knowledge. These powerful families are the true local tyrants of Greyson City, each with a sevenstar lord level expert in charge. Their power is immense and their experts are numerous. These desperate criminals are simply not people they can afford to offend. If the person in the photo is indeed a member of a large family. Even if he told these people the information, they would absolutely not dare to take action. However, upon hearing his words, the cloaked figures all burst into laughter. The laughter was full of mockery and disdain. The pockmarked man sneered. People from the six major families. Boss, are you treating us like three-year-olds? If the people in the photo really are from the six major families, would you dare to take that photo out and flaunt it so openly downstairs? You know what happens when you leak information about a powerful family, right? When that happens, your bar won't just be smashed up. The pockmarked man's words shattered the boss's last glimmer of hope. Indeed, the reason he dared to produce the photos was because he was certain that the people in the photos were not people he couldn't afford to offend. The bar owner looked at the men across from him, their eyes filled with confidence. The last shred of hope in my heart vanished. He slowly exhaled, letting out a soft sigh as if resigned to his fate. All right, I agree to your deal. Upon hearing this, the pockmarked middle-aged man smiled with satisfaction. That's smart. After accepting the heavy bag of shadow crystals, the bar owner cleared his throat and then lowered his voice to speak. That guy usually hangs out near Al Street in the South District. I don't know that guy's name. Nobody knows his real name. As the boss spoke, he dipped his finger in the liquor on the table and drew a rough outline. Short, striking silver white hair and a faint scar on her left eyebrow. His strength is probably at the peak of the four-star level, almost reaching the threshold of the five-star level. He usually likes to wear a worn out black trench coat and looks no different from a rag picker. In the corner of the bar downstairs, Lanu picked up his glass and drank the last sip of ale. and one gulp. He saw the details and information of a transaction clearly through his six senses. That sounds plausible. He stood up to leave. He stood up ready to leave this place of trouble. Now that he had obtained some possible information for free, whether it was true or false, he had a direction to follow. So, he didn't want to waste any more time here. However, just as he was about to take a step, he suddenly stopped. He sat down again, a playful expression on his face. Because in his perception, another familiar figure was sneaking into the bar through the back door. Then, familiar with the place, he made his way to the boss's room on the second floor. It was the same shifty con man nicknamed Rat, who had been driven away by the boss. Interesting. It seems this scene is even more exciting than he imagined. The room on the second floor. After paying a large sum of shadow crystals, the cloaked figures left satisfied with the intelligence. The bar owner was sitting in a chair, counting the money bags on the table with a pained expression. Just then, there was a gentle knock on the door. "Come in," the boss said without looking up. The door was pushed open, and a shifty eyed rat peeked in, then skillfully locked the door behind him. "How is it, boss?" the rat asked, rubbing his hands together with a fawning expression. "All done." The shopkeeper put away the money bag, a smug smile on his face. "Six more greedy fish have taken the bait. Have you lousen? Get ready. We can close the net now. Upon hearing this, the mouse's smile widened even further. Boss, your move is brilliant. First, you let me go out and put on a show to muddy the waters. Then, you step in to uphold justice and bring out the real deal. Aren't those self-righteous fools all scrambling to walk into the trap? The boss pulled out a small money pouch from his pocket and tossed it to the mouse. All right, stop flattering me. This is your share. Take the money and get out of here. Don't get in my way. The mouse hurriedly caught the money bag, waited in its hand, and beamed with joy. However, just as he was about to say a few more flattering words. Lon Yus voice, like a chilling wind from the depths of hell, suddenly rang in their ears. "You two acted really well. If you don't mind, how about adding me as an audience member?" The two people in the room froze instantly, their smiles freezing on their faces. They turned around in alarm, only to see the blue-haired youth they had previously regarded as a fat sheep and a foolish boy had silently appeared in the room and was looking at them with a mocking expression. When when did you come in? Chapter 283. A trap within a trap. The bar owner reacted the fastest, leaping up from his chair. The shadow energy within his body surged instantly, and one hand reached for the short sword at his waist. The shifty rat was terrified. The money bag in his hand fell to the ground with a thud and his legs went weak, almost causing him to collapse. They couldn't understand how this seemingly ordinary young man had managed to bypass the guards downstairs and the barrier on the second floor so quietly and appear here. However, Lana didn't give them any time to think. Buzz. A soft buzzing sound. A huge black core sphere appeared out of thin air and then crashed heavily to the ground. The next second, to the horror of their eyes, the sphere rapidly deformed and unfolded, revealing a grotesque puppet 3 meters tall and gleaming with metallic luster in the room. It is indeed the Sevenstar puppet. The Sevenstar puppet's scarlet electronic eyes coldly swept over the two of them before they could react at all. Whoosh! The puppet's arm, as thick as a giant pillar, swung suddenly, so fast that it left after images. The shifty rat didn't even have time to let out a scream. Just as he reached out to pick up the money bag from the ground, his outstretched right hand was grabbed by the puppet's enormous hand. Click. A crisp sound of bone cracking. The mouse's entire arm was twisted into a pretzel shape. Ah! A piercing scream finally burst from his mouth. Without pausing, the Sevenstar puppet grabbed his neck with its other hand as if it were a chick. They lifted him up and slammed him hard to the ground. Boom! The sturdy wooden floor was smashed, leaving a huge dent. The mouse was thrown around so hard it was completely disoriented, and it was unclear how many bones in its body were broken. He lay on the ground like a lump of mud, only able to groan in pain. All of this happened in the blink of an eye. The bar owner was terrified when he saw this. He could no longer afford to hide his strength. The shadow energy within his body erupted without reservation, revealing the aura of a peak five-star expert. He roared and a black vortex appeared in his hand. A powerful shadow technique about to take shape. However, at that moment, a cold touch suddenly pressed against his neck. The bar owner froze instantly, all his movements coming to an abrupt halt. Cold sweat streamed down his forehead. He lowered his head with difficulty and saw a long black and ancient looking sword resting quietly against his neck. The sword emanated a terrifying aura that sent shivers down his spine. He didn't even dare to doubt that if he dared to move again, the sword would sever his throat without hesitation. "Gulp." He swallowed hard and turned his head stiffly. "Look at the blue-haired youth holding a long sword, whose face is calm." It was only at this moment that he truly realized what a terrifying being he and the rat had provoked. The young man before them was far more capable than they had imagined. "Resistance is a dead end." Lan Yu ignored the bar owner's terrified look and said calmly, "Only one of you can live. Whoever tells me the information I want to know first gets two. He hadn't finished speaking. The instinct for survival made the bar owner's brain work at lightning speed. He spoke almost without hesitation, his voice shrill with fear. I know, I know. Ask away. I'll tell you whatever you ask. All he wanted now was to survive. He had completely forgotten about brotherhood, plans, and secrets. The rat, which was being trampled underfoot by the sevenstar puppet and was on the verge of death, struggled to raise its head upon hearing this, as if it wanted to say something as well. Me, me, too. However, he only managed to utter two words. Snap! The sevenstar puppet exerted a slight force with its enormous foot. A crisp sound of a neckbone breaking rang out. The rat's head drooped at an odd angle, and the last glimmer of life in its eyes quickly vanished. He never imagined that he would lose his life just because he was a fraction of a second too slow. The bar owner watched helplessly as his accomplice was mercilessly trampled to death. He shuddered in fright and even felt a warm, damp sensation in his crotch. Lanu withdrew his gaze and calmly looked at the bar owner who was almost scared out of his wits. Very good. You are very smart. He moved the Hegny sword away from the others neck by a fraction, but the chilling sword intent remained locked onto him. Now tell me, tell me everything about your trap and all the relevant information about that so-called third brother you without missing a single word. Remember, I'm only giving you one chance. If you tell even half a lie or hide anything, Lanu didn't finish his sentence, but his eyes said it all was colder than the sword in his hand. Faced with the threat of death, the bar owner dared not hide anything. He spilled everything he knew like beans pouring from a bamboo tube. M sir, I'll tell you everything. His voice trembled. His face was filled with fear. And he was no longer the righteous and heroic figure he had been downstairs. This all of this was Black Crow Yusan's plan. You lyu raised an eyebrow. The bar owner hurriedly explained. Yes, it's the Ulouse and we've been talking about. His nickname is Black Crow. He's a minor boss in the South District. This whole trap was his idea. He first spread the false information that Sky City required sky stones to enter. Then I'll have the rat. And no, that dead guy. Put on a charade here. That guy was in charge of using counterfeit goods to scam the newcomers from out of town. Then I'll step in and expose him, producing a real photo of the sky stone to gain everyone's trust. The boss swallowed hard and continued. Those ruthless characters who really have designs on the sky stone, but dare not provoke the powerful families will naturally come to me in private. Then I will lead them into the trap that Yusan has set in the south district. You Sani will pretend to be someone who possesses the sky stone. Wait for them to take the bait and then then he will wipe them all out and rob them of everything they have. Lanu listened and finally understood the trick behind it all. This is a complex scheme with each part linked to the next. First, they use low-quality scams to filter out a portion of brainless and penniles bastards. Then, they use real intelligence to lure out those powerful and ambitious, but not top tier big fish. The person who designed this trap was quite meticulous. How strong is that Yusan? How many men does he have under his command? Lanu continued to ask. Chapter 284. The six great families. This is his biggest concern. Yusan is very strong. The bar owner's face showed a hint of fear. He was already a peak six-star expert, and it said he was just one step away from becoming a seven-star lord. He keeps a large number of desperatos under his command. There are five or six six-star experts alone and no less than 25star experts. They are based in the factory area of Owl Street in the south district, which is their layer and the place where this trap was set. Peak six-star leading five or six-star subordinates. With this level of strength in a place like Greyson City, as long as they don't provoke those top families and the city lord's mansion, they can indeed do whatever they want. No wonder they dare to set up such a scheme so brazenly, killing those powerful individuals from other places. But this level of strength is really nothing in Lanu's eyes. He had even fought against the incarnation of a monarch, so he didn't really take a near sevenstar leader leading a group of six-star leaders seriously. Does he have any powerful backers? Lyu asked, remembering Nidhog's warning. The bar owner paused for a moment, then shook his head. Backing? Well, I'm not too sure. Yusan is a very mysterious person. We only know that he is strong and has many subordinates, but no one knows his background. He seemed to remember something and added. However, I once overheard him mention that he seemed to have some unclear relationship with one of the six major families, but he never said what the specifics of their relationship were, and we didn't dare to ask. Is it related to a large family? Wu understood. That makes sense. Without any background, relying solely on his own power, Yusen would have been swallowed up by other forces long ago if he had been able to thrive in Greyson City. All the questions that needed to be asked have been asked. The bar owner is no longer of any use to me. Seeing Lon Yus eyes gradually turned cold, the bar owner's heart skipped a beat, as if he also realized his own fate. He forced a smile that looked more like a grimace and said in a trembling voice, "My lord, I've told you everything I know. You You promised you'd spare my life. Lu looked at him and slowly nodded. Then, under the hopeful gaze of the other party, he gently swung the Hegny sword in his hand. A thin line of blood appeared on the bar owner's neck. His eyes were wide open, filled with confusion and astonishment. He opened his mouth as if to say something, but in the end, he only made a ho ho sound before collapsing to the ground and falling silent. Lan Yu slowly sheathed his long sword, looking at the two corpses on the ground with no expression on his face. He hadn't even finished speaking when the other person interrupted him. Lanu murmured to himself as he looked at the corpse. Feel sorry. What I really wanted to say was that the person who spoke first could die a quick death. Lu was never a pushover who kept his promises. For him, the dead are the best at keeping secrets. Leaving these two alive is just in case they tell you send their information. Wouldn't that just cause him trouble? He hates trouble the most. He walked over to the shifty corpse and picked up the money bag that had fallen to the ground. He then walked over to the bar owner's body and took the money bag from his arms. Even a small mosquito is still meat. Why not take it? After doing all this, he didn't even glance at the blood soaked room again. He manipulated the sevenstar puppet back into its core sphere and stored it in his mental world, then turned and left the bar silently like a ghost. The South District, the remote Al Street. You lu noted down this information. He didn't intend to directly cause trouble. Since someone has already scouted the way for him, why doesn't he just sit back and reap the benefits? He wanted to see if it was the mantis stalking the cicada or the oriel lurking behind. With a flash, Lanu disappeared into the shadows of Grey Sun City at night, stealthily making his way towards the southern district. Southern district of Greyson City at night is completely different from its bustling daytime atmosphere. This is the edge of the city, a gray area forgotten by mainstream society with abandoned factories, collapsed houses, and a maze of alleyways. The air was filled with the smell of rust and decay. This is a paradise for outlaws and a vacuum of order. At this moment, deep inside a steel smelter that has been abandoned for many years. A team of more than 10 people was stealthily making its way through the ruins. The man in the lead was the pockmarked middle-aged man who had bought the information from the bar owner. His name is Two Foam, a ruthless character with a considerable reputation in the underworld of Greyson City. He was not a native of Greyson City, but a wanderer from other places. He didn't have a distinguished family background or a powerful backer. Yet, he managed to get to where he is today. It only relies on two things: ruthless methods and reckless courage. The dozen or so brothers following behind him were mostly shadow clan members like him. Struggling to survive amidst the clash of various powerful forces. They were fed up with being exploited and driven by those powerful families and lords, and they longed to change their fate. In Tufang's view, the arrival of Sky City this time was their only chance. His own strength has reached the peak of the six-star level, and he is only one step away from the sevenstar lord level. But he knew very well that without a great opportunity, he could only rely on his own hard work. He may never be able to cross this threshold in his entire life. Therefore, he was determined to get that sky stone. As long as he can enter the sky city and obtain the treasures or inheritances inside, he is confident that he can break through to the seven stars in one fell swoop. By then, he will be able to truly establish himself in Grayson City. Establish your own power and never have to depend on anyone else again. That small stone carries more than just wealth. It is also the ambition and future of Twof Foam and all his brothers behind him. One of his men whispered, pointing to an area ahead with a few scattered lights. Boss, this is it. The bar owner said that guy hangs out in this area. Touong nodded, a fierce glint flashing in his eyes. He raised his hand and made a spread out gesture. The dozen or so men behind him immediately understood. Like well-trained hunting dogs, they silently dispersed, surrounding the lit area from all directions. They had all survived near-death experiences, and ambush and encirclement were common place for them. Tufong himself found a high vantage point and lay on top of an abandoned blast furnace. He took out a moninocular telescope and carefully observed the movements below. Soon, he spotted their target in front of a relatively intact factory building in the center of the area. Chapter 285. Black Crow at three. It was a silver-haired man dressed in black with an oval face and several black stripes on his body. He was sitting around a campfire drinking and wiping a dagger in his hand. They looked completely relaxed, seemingly unaware of the impending danger. At his waist, a bulging cloth-wrapped object was faintly visible. Although its specific appearance is not clearly visible, but judging from its outline and the occasional spatial fluctuations it reveals, it is most likely that it is the sky stone. That's him. Tufangs breathing became slightly rapid. He lowered his binoculars, his eyes revealing a murderous intent. He carefully observed his surroundings and confirmed that the other party was alone and there were no other ambushes. It seems this guy is a self-important fool, daring to wander around in a place like this with such a valuable treasure all by himself. That's practically suicide. Without further hesitation, Twof pulled out a small communicator from his pocket and issued an order in a cold and concise tone. Target confirmed, "Only one person. Let's do it." With his command, "Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!" More than a dozen figures like ghosts in the night suddenly sprang up from the shadows from all directions. The weapons in their hands gleamed with a deadly cold light in the frigid moonlight. They sealed off all of the silver-haired man's escape routes from every angle. A vast net woven from death instantly enveloped the figure beside the campfire. The silver-haired man seemed startled by this sudden turn of events. He leaped to his feet, a look of panic on his face. "Who are you people?" he screamed and frantically pulled out his dagger to try and parry. However, he was besieged by more than a dozen Shadow Clan members of the same or even stronger level. His resistance seemed so pale and powerless. A long sword broke through his defenses first and slashed hard at his shoulder. Blood instantly stained his clothes. Kill. Tufong leaped down from the blast furnace like a hunting eagle. With the force of a thunderbolt, the battle ax in his hand swung down towards the already injured silver-haired man. He wanted to kill him with one blow and finish the battle quickly. It looked like the silver-haired man's head was about to be split open like a watermelon. However, at this critical moment, the silver-haired man's panicked expression suddenly disappeared. Instead, a strange and cruel smile appeared. They've taken the bait. He spoke softly in a voice only he could hear. The next second, his body suddenly turned into a cloud of black smoke and disappeared into the air with a bang. It's just a phantom clone. Tufangs powerful ax strike landed squarely on empty air. Oh no, it's a trap. sense of foroding washed over two foam and an extremely ominous feeling instantly surged into his heart. However, it was too late. At the very moment the phantom vanished. Boom! The ground beneath their feet suddenly trembled violently. On the walls of the abandoned factory buildings, all around, dark cannon muzzles silently emerged, flashing with a chilling energy light. At the same time, dozens of powerful auras soared into the sky from all directions. They surrounded the dozen or so people from the opposite direction. A voice full of mockery and sarcasm came from above. Welcome everyone. My pockets black crows are not so easy to pluck. Tufong suddenly looked up and saw someone also dressed in black. But a much taller man stood with his arms crossed looking down at them with a playful expression from the roof of a factory not far away as if he were looking at a group of prey that had fallen into a trap. It was Usan who set the trap. Damn it, we've fallen for their trap. One of Twof Fing's men behind him let out an angry curse. They then realized that this was an elaborate scam from beginning to end. The information the bar owner gave them was completely false. "No, it can't be said to be fake." The target did appear, but the other party was not a lone fat sheep at all, but a deadly bait. "Come!" Two foam shouted sharply, forcefully suppressing the panic among his men. His hawk-like eyes were fixed on Usain on the factory roof, and the blackclad shadow clan members surrounding them were working at lightning speed. Although he had fallen into the enemy's trap, two foam did not despair. He could sense that there were many people surrounding them. However, the strongest members are only five or six-star shadow clan members. The rest are only five-star. His side had fewer people. Each of them was a battlehardened elite. He himself is a peak six-star expert. If they really fought to the death, it was still unknown who would win. Twof gripped his battle ax tightly and said coldly, "I admit you played that trick well, but do you really think you can take us brothers by the nose with your bunch of scoundrels?" Upon hearing this, Yen felt as if he had heard the biggest joke in the world and couldn't help but burst into laughter. Har, you think you can take me down? His smile vanished abruptly, and his eyes turned incredibly sinister. You're so adorably naive. Do you think that since I dared to set up this scheme, I wouldn't have made thorough preparations? Esen looked at him as if he were looking at a dead man. I know that you two foam are at the peak of the six-star level and are quite strong. I also know that your brothers are all desperate criminals and not easy to deal with. So he clapped his hands. I have prepared a special gift for you. As he finished speaking, several men in black struggled to carry a huge black iron box out from behind the factory. The box was made entirely of an unknown metal and was covered with densely packed runes. An ominous and oppressive aura emanated from the box. Yusen commanded in an unquestionable tone. Open it. Upon hearing this order, the men carrying the boxes all showed expressions of extreme fear and their bodies trembled slightly. One of the henchmen seemed to have mustered immense courage and said in a trembling voice, "Third third master, this thing. This thing. I'll let you open it. Yusen's eyes instantly turned icy cold, and the killing intent contained within made his subordinates feel as if they had fallen into an ice cave. Under the threat of death, they dared not hesitate any longer. One of his men reached out with trembling hands and carefully pried open the latch on the iron box. Then, as if he had encountered some kind of plague, he turned around and tried to run away. However, even so, it was already too late. Chapter 286. Soul devouring vine bees. Just the instant the latch was opened, whoosh. A jet black vine shot out from the crack in the box like a venomous snake emerging from its hole. The vines moved with incredible speed, instantly wrapping around the ankle of the fleeing henchmen. No. The subordinate let out a terrified scream. However, no matter how hard he struggled, he could not break free from the vine's hold. The next second, a tremendous force came and he was dragged back into the iron box. Crunch. Crunch. A sickening sound as if bones were being crushed and flesh being chewed came from inside the iron box. Just a few seconds later, the sound stopped abruptly. The whole process was so fast that no one had time to react. When everyone looked at the iron box again, they felt a chill run from the soles of their feet to the top of their heads. A living, breathing five-star shadow clan member was just eaten like that. The iron box seemed to have just had a large meal, and the ominous aura had become even stronger. However, the monster inside seemed unsatisfied. Whoosh! Another jet black vine shot out from the box, this time targeting Yusan, who was standing on the roof of the factory. Esen looked at the vines rushing towards him, but his face showed no panic. Instead, he revealed a cold smile. The vine stopped abruptly just centimeters from his face as if it had hit an invisible wall and could not go any further. Yusen slowly raised his right hand, and in his hand appeared a short stick that was entirely green and emitted a faint light. He seemed to have used this batten to forcibly control the terrifying vines. Yusen glanced sideways and spoke in a commanding tone toward the iron box since you've already eaten. Then, according to our contract, you should do something for me. After saying that, he suddenly swung his batten. Boom! The huge black iron box shattered into pieces in an instant. A huge and ferocious figure finally revealed its true form. It was a gigantic monster the size of a small mountain. Its body resembling a black wasp magnified countless times. But its body is not made of flesh and blood, but of countless thick dark vines twisted and intertwined. On its back grew a pair of enormous dragonfly-like wings made of black energy which were slowly flapping. A terrifying pressure belonging to a sevenstar lord level swept across the entire area like a tsunami. It's It's the soul devouring vine bee. One of Tufangs men recognized the monster the moment he saw it and cried out in horror. Tufing's heart sank to the bottom in an instant. Soul devouring Vine B. That's a sevenstar lord level shadow monster unique to the soul family. One of the six great families and it took a huge amount of resources to raise it successfully. How could such a strategically terrifying creature appear here and be controlled by us? Tufong suddenly looked up, staring intently at Yusan, his voice trembling slightly. You, what exactly is your relationship with the soul family? He finally understood where Yusen's confidence came from. However, Yusan had absolutely no interest in answering his question. With a cruel and triumphant smile on his face, he lightly waved the batton in his hand. Roar! The enormous soul-devouring vine let out a deafening roar. Its massive body transformed into a bolt of black lightning, hurtling towards the shadow clan members below who had fallen into utter despair. Faced with a true sevenstar lord level shadow monster, all resistance seemed so pale and laughable. That was a battle from a completely different dimension. Ah! One of Twof Fangs subordinates roared and unleashed his strongest attack, a massive blade of energy, fiercely slashing towards the soul-devouring vine B. However, the blade energy, powerful enough to cleave a tank, failed to leave even a white mark on the soul devouring vine, the Svineformed body. The next second, dozens of pitch black vines like venomous snakes that had come to life, instantly engulfed him. The piercing screams lasted for less than a second before abruptly ceasing. When the vines dispersed, only a pool of blurred flesh and blood and a few broken artifacts remained. Sold out instantly. This is the terror of a seven-star Lordle powerhouse. Run, run. Another of two Fangs men was terrified and turned to run away. However, he had only run two steps. The soul devouring vine be suddenly flapped its enormous wings. Call. A terrifying black storm appeared out of nowhere and caught up with him in an instant. The subordinate didn't even have time to react before being swept into the storm. My body was torn to pieces as if it had been thrown into a meat grinder. Despair. An overwhelming sense of despair enveloped everyone present. They were like a flock of lambs to the slaughter, facing a tiger charging into the sheepfold. There's nothing they can do but wait to die. Two foam watched helplessly as his brothers, with whom he had spent every day died one after another under the attack of the soul devouring vine bees. His eyes instantly turned blood red. You beast, I'll fight you to the death. He let out a roar of grief and indignation, and the shadow energy within his body burned wildly without reservation. A powerful force far exceeding his usual limits erupted from his body. In a desperate situation, he actually forced the activation of a forbidden secret technique that would damage his shadow origin and affect his foundation. A layer of blood red light appeared on his body and his speed and strength increased several times in an instant. Die two foam transformed into a streak of blood red light, bypassing the soul devouring vine bees and heading straight for Yusan, who stood on the factory roof with a mocking expression. To catch the thief, first catch the king. He knew that as long as he killed Yusan, the controller, the terrifying shadow monster would naturally collapse on its own. However, he still underestimated the strength of the sevenstar shadow monster. Just as he was about to rush in front of Usan, a black after image appeared in front of him in an instant, faster than he could, blocking his path. It was that soul devouring Vineb. Get out of my way. Two phone roared, gathering all his strength into the battle axe in his hand and fiercely slashed at the soul devouring Vineb. This axe strike was the strongest blow he had delivered, a blow that came at the cost of his life. However, clang a piercing clang of metal clashing. The soul devouring vine be simply extended a vine easily blocking his unstoppable ax strike. Two foam felt an irresistible terrifying force coming from the axe handle. Snap! The fine quality battle axe in his hand shattered into pieces. Immediately afterwards, the vine lashed out. Puff! Twof phone was struck as if by lightning. He flew backward like a kite with a broken string, crashing heavily into the wall in the distance, spitting out blood. Chapter 287. Now only you are left. Just one move. Despite burning his very essence and giving it his all, Twof was still easily defeated. This is the insurmountable chasm between the six stars and the seven stars. In less than a minute, all of Tufangs dozen or so elite men had been killed in action, none of them surviving. He was the only one left on the scene, barely clinging to life. Yusen slowly floated down from the factory roof and walked to two foam who was lying in a pool of blood and unable to stand up. He looked down at his opponent who had been so confident not long ago, his face full of contempt and mockery. All right, now only you are left. Twof raised his head and stared intently at Yan with eyes full of resentment and unwillingness. Why? Why? He couldn't understand why the soul clan would lend such a precious soul-devouring vine bee to an outsider like us. Esen didn't want to waste words answering the other party and commanded the soul devouring vine bees to pierce the other party's chest with their vines. Tufangs eyes dimmed instantly and his last glimmer of hope vanished. Eusen stood up, not even glancing at the corpse on the ground again, and waved indifferently to his subordinates who were also quite frightened. All right, let's clean up the battlefield. These people should have a lot of valuable equipment on them. It's all yours. Upon hearing this, the fear on the faces of his men was immediately replaced by greed, and they all stepped forward to loot the spoils. However, at that moment, a sudden change has occurred. There were no warning signs whatsoever. A deep pitch black realm seemingly capable of swallowing all light unfolded instantly. Everyone present, including us and the giant soul devouring vine, was enveloped in it. The corridor of shadows. What is that? Yusen was greatly alarmed. He felt as if the world before him had instantly plunged into boundless darkness and chaos. His five senses and even his six senses were completely stripped away. At this moment, he could not hear any sound, see any sight, or even distinguish directions, as if he had suddenly been thrown into an endless, constantly spinning, pitch black maze. However, before he could even react to this sudden turn of events, roar. A terrifying dragon roar seemingly from the ancient primordial era suddenly exploded deep within his soul. Six senses skill dragons roar. That terrifying dragon roar was not just a sound, but a terrifying impact that directly affected the soul and body. Yusen felt as if his head had been hit hard by an invisible giant hammer, and his consciousness went blank for a moment. However, he was, after all, a peak six-star expert, and he also possessed a life-saving treasure bestowed upon him by the eldest daughter of the soul clan. The moment the dragon's roar resounded, a jade pendant hanging around his neck suddenly burst forth with a dazzling green light. It formed a shield, absorbing most of the impact for him. Yusen suddenly jolted awake from the brief dizziness. His face turned deathly pale, and he was utterly horrified. There's an ambush. Moreover, he was a terrifyingly powerful individual whose strength far exceeded expectations. Without a second thought, he immediately pulled out a talisman that shimmerred with silver light from his pocket and crushed it without hesitation. Space teleportation talisman. This is one of the most powerful life-saving trump cards given to him by the eldest daughter of the soul family, allowing him to perform a short distance force teleportation in any area or barrier. Buzz. With a flash of silver light, Yusan's figure vanished instantly from the pitch black corridor of shadows. He managed to escape. However, just as his figure appeared a 100 meters away before he could even breathe a sigh of relief. Boom! Suddenly erupted from the dark area behind him. That energy storm was generated by the blue dragon formed from the six senses skill dragon's roar, which was completely detonated in the chaotic space of the shadow corridor. Its power is several times more terrifying than in an open area. Yusan, who had just escaped, was violently thrown away by the aftershocks of that terrifying energy storm. He tumbled through the air more than a dozen times before finally managing to steady himself, his face even paler. He looked up, still shaken, and stared ahead. The dark area slowly dissipated. The scene inside was revealed. However, after seeing the scene inside, Yusen's pupils instantly shrank to the size of pinpoints. The place where his men had been was now completely empty. No, it's not completely empty either. All that remained on the ground were patches of black powder left after the energy storm had completely decomposed them. His more than 20 elite five and six-star subordinates were actually actually wiped out by this one move. Not even a single intact corpse was left. His most prized trump card, the sevenstar lord level soul devouring vine bee, was now in a miserable state. Its massive body was blown to pieces. Countless vines snapped, and one of the energy wings on its back was torn apart, covered in blood. Its aura was extremely weak, clearly indicating that it had suffered an unprecedented severe injury. In the center of that devastated battlefield, a young man with blue hair was standing quietly. He held a long black sword in his hand, the tip of which was still dripping black blood. In his other hand, he was holding a huge grotesque head made of vines. It was the head of that soul devouring vine bee. The blue-haired youth slowly raised his head, his calm eyes piercing through the billowing smoke and landing on Yusan, who was 100 meters away. Then he spoke slowly in an extremely indifferent tone. The voice was exactly the same as what you had said to two foam not long ago. All right, now only you are left. The moment Yusan was stared at by Lan Yus eyes, he felt an indescribable chill surge up from the depths of his heart. At that moment, every hair on his body stood on end. Only one word remained in his mind. Run! We have to run! Get as far away from this monster as possible. This thought, like an instinct, instantly occupied all his thoughts. Without a second thought, he immediately turned around, his inner energy surging wildly, trying to escape once again. However, he had only just made a step backward. The next moment, he felt his body suddenly become light, and he fell forward uncontrollably. "Thump!" He fell to the ground in a sorry state. "What happened?" "My legs!" A sense of bewilderment flashed through his mind, and he subconsciously turned around to look. Then, he witnessed the most terrifying scene of his life that he would never forget. His legs had somehow become completely separated from his body. Two bloodied thighs remained standing in the same running posture. The cuts were smooth as a mirror, and blood gushed out like a fountain, and in front of him, that ominous blue-haired youth had silently appeared before him without him even noticing. She was looking down at him indifferently with those cold eyes. Ah, the excruciating pain and boundless fear overwhelmed Yusan's reason in an instant. screamed in terror, using his hands to support his body as he shuffled backward on the ground, trying to get away from the demon. No, don't kill me. You can't kill me. Chapter 288. Divine authority explodes, screamed incoherently, his face filled with fear and pleading. I am the lover of the soul clan head. I have ties to the soul clan. If you kill me, the soul clan will not let you off. The sky stone. It's for the sky stone, isn't it? I'll give it to you. I'll give you everything. Please spare my life. Spare my life. Crow Yusan was incredibly arrogant, treating human life like dirt. Now, however, he resembled a stray dog wagging its tail and begging for mercy, revealing his ugly side. However, when Lanu looked at him like this, he felt speechless and even wanted to laugh. The lover of the head of the Hun family. So, all this talk about having connections with powerful families turns out he was just someone's lover. It's unbelievable that he could come up with such a reason as an excuse to save his life. As for the sky stone, Lu raised the Hegny sword in his hand. Tickets. He had already taken it from the guy's clothes when he used shadow flash to sever the guy's legs. This guy in front of me is no longer of any value. However, just as Lana was about to end him with a single sword strike, soul devouring vine bee he was holding suddenly moved. Countless black vines surged wildly from the severed head. One part of it entangled Lan used sword wielding hand while the other part quickly stood in front of us protecting him. At the same time, a cold and arrogant female voice came from the head. The voice carried a commanding authority as if issuing an order. Sir, could you please spare this for the sake of the soul family? However, she hadn't finished speaking. A dark sword light flashed and disappeared. The Hegny sword in Lanu's hand unleashed unparalleled sharpness. Those seemingly incredibly resilient vines were as fragile as paper in the face of the sword light and were instantly severed. Without pausing, the sword light precisely sliced across Yusan's neck, who was protected by vines behind him. Yusen's expression froze instantly. The last glimmer of life in his eyes, wide with the will to survive, quickly faded. A large fine head shot into the sky, tracing an arc through the air. Then it rolled gluglug to Lanu's feet. Even on his deathbed, he couldn't believe it. Despite the fact that the eldest daughter of the Hun family had personally pleaded for his life, the other party actually dared to kill him without hesitation. Lanu didn't even glance at the corpse on the ground. He simply shook the blood off his sword and then turned his gaze back to the head in his hand, which was still trembling slightly. He spoke in a calm, almost provocative tone. "Excuse me, what were you going to say just now?" The woman's voice inside the skull fell silent. A deafly silence filled the air. A good 10 seconds or so passed. The woman's voice rang out again. This time, although she still tried her best to maintain a calm demeanor, anyone could hear the immense anger suppressed beneath that calm. Your excellency to be an enemy of the soul clan will not bring. She was left speechless once again because Lanu's figure had already vanished from the spot as a blur, a fleeting shadow. When he reappeared, he had returned to the same spot. The enormous head in his hand was instantly cleaved into dozens of pieces by the extreme sword light, then turned into specks of black light and completely dissipated into the air. After doing all this, Lanu calmly spoke as if talking to himself or perhaps answering the voice that had already disappeared. "You won't get away with this, will you?" He curled his lip, a hint of disdain on his face. "What era are we living in? Why are you still using such outdated lines to threaten people?" He bent down and began to clean up the battlefield. These guys probably have a lot of good stuff on them, especially as the lover of the eldest daughter of the Hun family. He must have a lot of life-saving treasures on him. These are all spoils of war. Soul family. Lanu sneered as he ransacked the place. Actually dared to threaten me. What he hates most is being threatened, and he's also most afraid of things going wrong if things drag on. Since we've already made an enemy of each other, let's just go all the way and see it through. Soul family would definitely send people to participate in the subsequent treasure hunt in Sky City. Once they're recognized, a fight is inevitable sooner or later. Since that's the case, why not take the initiative to go to their door and eliminate a competitor before Sky City opens? Perfect timing. He'd been chased by that damned eternal night king for so long, and he was seething with anger with nowhere to vent it. The Hun family just happened to run into trouble at this time. They can only be considered unlucky. Just as Lana had finished looting all the spoils and was preparing to set off, a familiar notification sound suddenly rang in his mind. The power of the authority that all things began and chaos has met the conditions. Gain one chance to draw divine power. Another lucky draw. Lu was overjoyed. Without hesitation, with a thought, his consciousness was instantly pulled into a boundless chaos. In the gray, chaotic ocean ahead, a group of strange little fish, their bodies radiating a soft golden light, were swimming happily. He reached out his hand with practiced ease and gently grasped the nearest golden fish. Got him. The next second, the little golden fish transformed into a pure golden stream of light and merged into his palm. A whole new wave of information flooded into his mind. Gain new divine authority ability. Divine authority burst. source of power, god of destruction. Effect. By directly contacting the object, one can infuse the power of their divine authority into any object containing shadow energy, transforming it into an unstable divine bomb. The explosive power depends on the concentration and mass of the energy source of the item being transformed. Bomb skill. Lu frowned slightly as he looked at the new ability he had just acquired. Can anything containing shadow energy be turned into a bomb? This skill seems pretty good. His first thought was how to maximize the effectiveness of this ability. What if you turned yourself into a bomb? With the immense amount of shadow power within him, coupled with the physical strength of the king's body, if he were to self-destruct, the power would likely be quite astonishing. However, the thought only flashed through my mind for a moment. He wouldn't dare actually do that. Him to reassemble himself after being blown to bits. I'll study it when I have time later. Lanu shook his head temporarily putting this dangerous thought out of his mind. The most urgent task is to first visit that ignorant and foolish soul family. He determined the direction and his figure transformed into a streak of light where the soul clan, one of the six major families in Greyson City, was located. Chapter 289. This really puts me in a difficult position. Greyson City, the residents of the soul family, one of the six great families. Unlike the chaos and ruin in other parts of the city, the Soul family s Manor is tranquil and luxurious with every building exuding an ancient and solemn atmosphere, highlighting the unquestionable status of its owner in the city. In a pavilion deep within the manor, a woman dressed in a long black dress sat quietly by the window. Holding a glass of blood red wine, he gently swirled it. She looked very young, only about 27 or 28 years old, with a delicate oval face that was flawless. Her long silvery white hair cascaded down like moonlight, creating a striking contrast with her fair skin. Most strangely, several mysterious black lines spread from the corners of her eyes to her neck. It did not detract from her beauty. On the contrary, it added a touch of eerie and dangerous charm to her. She is the current head of the Hun family, Huna. He is also the youngest family head in the history of Greyson Sun City. To be able to sit in this position at this age, one can only imagine his strength and methods. At the peak of the seven stars realm, just one step away from reaching the eight stars realm, he is among the very top group of people in the entire Greyson city. At this moment, her long narrow phoenix eyes were gazing out the window. Her gaze deep and cold, and no one knew what she was thinking. Hao s childhood was not pleasant. It could even be described as filled with bloodshed and betrayal. As a member of a collateral branch of the Hun family, she witnessed the dirtiest struggles within the family from a young age. In order to survive, she learned to use everything she could, including her beauty, her body, and the trust of everyone around her. Climbed to where she is today by stepping over the bones of countless people. Therefore, in her world, there is no such thing as emotion, only value. She would use anyone or anything without hesitation if it had any value to her. Once it loses its value, she will not hesitate to discard it. Black Crow is a very useful tool that she recently discovered. That man was quite capable, but he was too ambitious and not very bright. Hao only showed him a little interest and promised some dubious benefits. Yusan then became her most loyal dog. They sold devouring vine bee, a strategic level shadow monster that her family had spent enormous resources cultivating to us. Was certainly not because of any nonsense about love. The reason is simple. The soul devouring vine be needs to constantly devour the flesh and souls of high-ranking shadow clan members to grow. But on the soul family Esone territory, she couldn't allow this monster to prey on them with impunity that would arouse the vigilance of other families and the city lord's mansion. So she came up with this plan that would kill two birds with one stone. Give the soul devouring vine bees to you and let him use the guise of treasure hunting to hunt in those no man's land areas outside the city. Go and kill those powerful outsiders who were attracted by sky city. This allows the soul devouring vine bees to grow rapidly. This would allow us to amass a large amount of wealth to supply her while also perfectly extricating the hun family from this bloody scheme. Even if things are exposed in the future, she can still shift all the blame onto Yusan. She claimed that it was her good for-no lover who stole the family shadow monster and that the soul family had nothing to do with it. This is a near-perfect plan. However, not long ago, this perfect plan was abruptly interrupted. She left a trace of her soul within the soul devouring vine be for remote control and communication. They sensed that Yusan and the soul devouring vine bees had both suffered unprecedented heavy losses when she tried to speak through the mark and intimidate the other party with the name of the soul clan. That trace of soul imprint was mercilessly and directly destroyed by the other party. Waste Hun Yao ya down the blood red wine in one gulp, a cold smile curving her lips. She wasn't cursing the reckless attacker, but rather you can't even handle such a small thing. and she even lost her most precious pet. She deserves to die. As for that person who dared to provoke the Han family. A chilling killing intent flashed in Hun Yaoya's eyes. No matter who the other party is, if they dare to destroy her things, they should be prepared to face her wrath. She was considering who to send to handle this troublesome matter. While we're at it, let's also retrieve the sky stone that should have been in Yusan's hands. Just then, a series of hurried footsteps came from downstairs. Master, an elderly man who looked like a steward hurried upstairs and reported in a somewhat flustered manner. The people from Eternal Night Pavilion have arrived. Eternal Night Pavilion. Hyao sbrows furrowed slightly. Eternal Night Pavilion, the most elite assassin organization in the shadow world, and one of the seven kings is the sharpest blade under the command of the Eternal Night King. What are they here for? A bad feeling flashed through Hanyas mind. She stood up, straightened her skirt, and her voice betrayed no emotion. Tell them to wait for me in the reception room. A moment later, in the reception room of the Soul Family Manor, Huna Yao leaned back lazily in the main seat, calmly observing the two uninvited guests before her. Both of them were young and dressed in black, practical outfits that allowed for easy movement. One of them had a strange vertical pupil in one eye, like a lizards, shimmering with a ghostly green light, twitching slightly at an inhuman frequency as he examined every detail of the room. The other person was even stranger. He was burly and didn't utter a sound. His face was covered by a simple iron mask that concealed his mouth and nose, revealing only a pair of empty eyes. His hands were wrapped in layers of gray black bandages, emanating a faint smell of medicine and blood. The two exuded an undisguised chilling killing intent, and their eyes held a deep-seated arrogance stemming from top tier power. I wonder what brings you two esteemed guests from the eternal night pavilion here. Hao spoke first, breaking the silence. One of the men with vertical pupils sneered and said bluntly, "Master Han, we have come on the orders of the king, and we want something from you." "Oh," Hanya Yao remained calm. What could possibly warrant such a personal order from his majesty the king? With vertical pupils said, enunciating each word clearly. The sky city, the ticket to Babylon, the sky stone, sky stone. Upon hearing these three words, Hanyas hand holding the teacup paused slightly in midair, but her expression remained calm and composed. Her beautiful phoenix eyes narrowed slightly as she looked at the two arrogant Eternal Knight Pavilion assassins before her, her mind racing. This is troublesome. Her worst fears came true. The news that the sky city Babylon was about to appear had already spread like wildfire in Greyson City. As one of the three oldest and most mysterious wonders of the world, Babylon holds secrets and treasures within its walls. It is enough to drive any power mad. Even the highest monarch is no exception. As a local strongman in Greyson City, Hungao had naturally obtained two sky stones in advance through various channels. These things are incredibly precious. Each piece represents an opportunity to enter the sky city and obtain a tremendous fortune. Her original plan was to keep one piece for herself and give the other piece to us so that he could also try his luck. Even if that good for-no use can't find anything good, if he comes back alive and provides some information about Sky City, it will still be valuable to her. But now Yusan is dead and the sky stone in his possession has disappeared without a trace. Most likely falling into the hands of that mysterious attacker. In other words, she now only has one piece left. This was her only proof of entry into Sky City. How could she possibly be willing to hand it over? However, the people on the other side were from the Eternal Knight Pavilion, and they even invoked the name of the Eternal Knight King. Hyao tapped her fingertips lightly on the table, her brain racing as she considered what to do. She gave a perfectly timed look of embarrassment and sighed softly. My lords, this is truly putting me in a difficult position. Chapter 290. No one is leaving. Hunga Yao continued. To be honest, our soul clan only managed to obtain one sky stone this time. I was even planning to go in and try my luck myself, but she didn't finish her sentence, but the meaning was already quite clear. The landlord's family doesn't have any surplus grain either. They only have this one ticket and they need it for themselves, so they can't give it to others. However, those two assassins from the eternal night pavilion were clearly not so easily fooled. Another assassin who looked slightly younger but had equally cold eyes snorted and interrupted her. Patriarch Hun, we have no interest in listening to your complaints about being poor. All we know is that what his majesty desires must be obtained. Do you want to hand it over voluntarily? Or would you like us, the eternal night pavilion to help you save face? A blatant threat, not even bothering to disguise it. The atmosphere in the reception room instantly plummeted to freezing point. Hyas face gradually faded. She knew that this matter was unlikely to end well today. She tried one last time, changing her approach. My lords, it is not that I am unwilling to obey the kings will. However, there is something I do not understand. She raised her eyes. her gaze meeting theirs directly. As far as I know, the sky city of Babylon is subject to rules and restrictions set by ancient gods. Those with strength exceeding eight stars are unable to enter. Lord Eternal Knight's strength is extraordinary, already exceeding nine stars. I'm afraid even if he obtains the sky stone, he still won't be able to enter, right? She's implying that if even kings can't get in, what's the point of having a ticket? Why make things difficult for a small family like my seven stars? Upon hearing this, the assassin with vertical pupils revealed a mocking smile. For patriarch Han to worry about that, he said slowly. His majesty is naturally aware of this rule. Therefore, this time his majesty will not descend in his true form, but will send an avatar instead. Moreover, in order to abide by the rules, the king's avatar will also suppress his strength to the peak of the eighth star. The vertical pupil assassin leaned forward slightly as he finished speaking. Yao Yao with ill intent and his tone was full of pressure. Or is it that Patriarch Han thinks that just because it's an incarnation of the king, you can disregard it and just make up some excuse to get rid of it. Will the incarnation of a king personally attend? Hao s expression finally changed completely. Her last shred of hope was shattered by those words. King, the very pinnacle of the entire film industry. It is the supreme power that sets the rules and looks down upon all living beings. Even if it is just an avatar, its strength is absolutely unfathomable, and it is definitely not something that a small soul clan like her can afford to provoke. Faced with absolute power, any schemes and tricks appear pale and powerless. If she dares to refuse today, she would be openly challenging the majesty of a monarch. At that time, not only will she, the head of the family, be wiped out of Grayson Sun City in an instant. Hao sbback was already soaked with cold sweat without her realizing it. She fell silent. The reception room was deathly silent. The two assassins from the eternal night pavilion didn't urge her. They simply watched her leisurely. Their eyes filled with undisguised mockery and arrogance. They relished the feeling of driving the head of a large family to the brink of despair. Watching her struggle and her despair. Time passed by second by second. Hun Ya Yao was torn between her inner thoughts and her own. On one hand, there is a once-ina-lifetime opportunity that could allow her to further enhance her strength. On the other hand, there is a catastrophic disaster that could bring the entire family to ruin if one is not careful. Ultimately, reason prevailed over greed. She slowly exhaled as if she had used up all her strength. I see. She closed her eyes, and when she opened them again, all that remained in them was a cold, resolute gaze. She's not going to Sky City this time. I'll give you the Sky Stone. Upon hearing this, the two Eternal Knight Pavilion assassins finally revealed satisfied smiles. That's more like it. Patriarch Han is indeed a smart man. The man with vertical pupils said with a smile. Hung Yao Yao took out a brocade box from her bosom without expression. She opened the brocade box and inside lay a peculiar stone, crystal clear and seemingly containing flowing stars emitting faint spatial fluctuations. It was that sky stone. Ha yao s eyes eyes, but she quickly concealed it. She pushed the brocade box to the center of the table. The vertical pupil assassin's smile deepened. He stood up and reached for the brocade box. However, just as his fingertips were about to touch the brocade box. A voice, calm yet tinged with a hint of mockery, suddenly rang out in the reception room, catching everyone offg guard. Thank you. Then I won't be polite. The next moment, an extremely fast jet black sword light flashed and disappeared in the room. Two soft sounds almost simultaneously of sharp blades piercing flesh rang out. The smiles on the faces of the two Eternal Knight Pavilion assassins froze instantly. Before they could even react, they lowered their heads in astonishment. He looked into his chest and realized that an invisible sword aura had pierced through it without him noticing. Black blood gushed out like a spring. You with vertical pupils struggled to raise his head, his eyes filled with disbelief. He wanted to see who had done it. However, all he saw was a blue-haired youth who had appeared in front of him at some point and was reaching for the brocade box on the table. The young man didn't even look back at them. He simply put the sky stone into his pocket. Bang! Bang! Two corpses collapsed limply to the ground, splattering blood everywhere. Even in death, they couldn't understand how anyone in Greyson City dared to touch the people of their eternal night pavilion, especially on the territory of the soul family. All of this happened in the blink of an eye. Hunga Yao was also stunned by this sudden change and stood there dumbfounded. She stared blankly at the person who had suddenly appeared. Swiftly killed two six-star assassins and stole her last piece of the sky stone. The moment she saw the other person's face clearly, her pupils contracted sharply. this face. Although the aura and feeling are completely different, the contours of this face are the same. It was exactly the same face as the attacker she had seen in that fleeting glimpse through the soul imprint. It's you, Hun Yao Yao, suddenly stood up from her seat, and a terrifying aura of the peak of the seven stars erupted, her full head of silver hair moving without wind. Her beautiful phoenix eyes were now filled with boundless rage and murderous intent. They ruined her pet, killed her lackey, stole her tickets, and now they dare to show up in front of her so brazenly. This is absolutely outrageous. How dare you? However, before she could finish speaking, Wanu interrupted her without any politeness. Buzz. Wanu was too lazy to waste words with her, so he tossed it over with his hand. A huge black horse sphere roared and crashed towards Hanya Yao. It was his sevenstar puppet. Chapter 291. Art is Patrick Star. Faced with this sudden attack, Hunaya reacted extremely quickly. After all, she was a seasoned battleh hardardened peak level sevenstar expert. Instead of retreating, she advanced and an ancient bronze lantern appeared in her hand at some unknown time. She infused the lantern with her shadow energy and a ghostly green flame suddenly ignited in the wick. Roar! Roars filled with violence emanated from the lantern. The next second, three terrifying shadow monsters, each enormous and different in shape, but all possessing an aura that reached the sevenst star level appeared. Of the eerie green flames, and roared as it charged towards the black sphere that was hurtling towards it. A major battle seems imminent. Hunga Yao is ready to make this arrogant brat pay the most terrible price. However, what happened next was completely beyond her expectations. After throwing out his puppet core, the blue-haired youth did not rush to fight her. Instead, he flashed away at an incredible speed, retreating out of the reception room. That look doesn't seem like an attack. It looks more like they're running away. Hya Yao was startled, and then a bad premonition arose in her heart. She subconsciously looked at the black core sphere that had already flown into the air. Suddenly, the surface of the sphere shone with an incomparably dazzling black light. Countless mysterious runes swirled wildly across the sphere and a terrifying destructive energy so powerful it made her heart tremble was rapidly increasing exponentially within it. Broken Hunga Yao s face turned deathly pale instantly. She finally understood what the other person wanted to do. However, it was too late. Lu's icy voice drifted over from afar. Art is Patrick Star. Boom. A terrifying explosion beyond description occurred. The seven-star puppet, empowered by divine authority, burst, exploded with a deafening roar. The black energy storm was like a devastating tsunami. Centered on that reception room, it instantly swept across an area of several hundred meters in radius. Solid architecture, luxurious courtyards, exquisite sculptures. Everything was as fragile as paper in the face of that terrifying energy storm. Instantly torn apart, decomposed, and annihilated. along with Hun Yao Yao and her three newly summoned sevenst star shadow monsters. Before it could even utter a scream, it was completely vaporized at the epicenter of the explosion, leaving not even a trace of ash behind. 200 m away, Lan Yu's figure quietly appeared on a rooftop. The sole family manor in the distance, which had been raised to the ground, leaving only a huge crater. And the mushroom cloud that shot into the sky also made me click my tongue in amazement. This power, isn't it a bit too exaggerated? Even he himself was startled. He never expected that using divine power burst to detonate the sevenstar puppet would produce such a terrifying effect. The soul clan probably couldn't understand until his death why someone would be so extravagant as to use a precious seven-star puppet to immediately self-destruct. "Did you go too far?" Lanu muttered to himself as he began to try to communicate with the world of his mind, attempting to restore the sevenstar puppet that had been blown to ashes. To be honest, looking at the desolate scene before him, where not even a trace remained, he felt somewhat uncertain. If it can't be restored, he'll suffer a huge loss. He concentrated his mind, continuously channeling the shadow energy within his body into the connection with the puppet's core. 1 second, 2 seconds, 3 seconds. Just when Lan Yus heart was in his throat, a familiar sense of connection was finally reestablished. He was overjoyed and increased the transmission of his shadow energy. Soon, countless tiny black particles appeared out of thin air on the open ground in front of him. As if guided by some force, they quickly converged and reorganized. In less than a minute, the huge black core sphere. Then it reappeared before him, perfectly intact. Few, thank goodness. Lu breathed a sigh of relief. as long as it can be restored. Although the shadowqi consumed in this restoration was about 10 times that of his usual puppet control, it was nothing to him. Now, Lan Yu was certain that he had gained another powerful trump card that could be mass-produced. However, he also gleaned some troublesome information from the conversation between the two knight pavilion assassins. The incarnation of the eternal knight king is also coming to Sky City this time. The thought of that incredibly handsome but ruthless man gave Lanu a headache. based on the experience of the last encounter. Without using Hell's ultimate trump card, the death dragon horn, his chances of winning against that guy are probably less than 50%. With such limited confidence, going head-to-head with the opponent is no different from suicide. It seems that disguise is necessary, Wanu thought to himself. However, ordinary disguises would certainly not fool a monarch level being, even if the other party is just an avatar. Unless he has a top tier disguise item like the thousand faces mask that sister Luang gave him last time. Unfortunately, that thing was disposable. It broke after the last use. Just as Lana was worrying about this, Nithog's slightly languid mature female voice rang in his mind. You don't need to worry about that. That little thing called Thousand Faces mask hasn't had its core law runes completely damaged yet. I'll put in a little effort to fix it up for you, and it should be fine for you to use it again. Upon hearing this, Lanu was overjoyed. Really? That's wonderful. Now that the biggest problem has been solved, all that's left is to wait quietly for the arrival of Sky City in 3 days. Time flies, and 3 days passed in the blink of an eye. During these three days, Lyu did not go out and cause any more trouble. Instead, he stayed quietly in the hotel to rest and recuperate, consolidating his rapidly increasing strength. At the same time, he did not forget his promise to Helen, the owner of the eternal silent castle. He took some time to stroll around Greyson City, specifically looking for shops that sold books about the human world, and collected a large number of books of all kinds, from historical biographies to sharic romances, and even specifically according to Heron's requirements. I bought a lot of beautifully printed comics and books. The thought of the first patriarch, who had lived for countless years, engrossed in reading Shiao manga, filled Lan Yu with dread. But he still stuffed all these things into his mental world, intending to bring them to her the next time he went there. Over these three days, the atmosphere in Greyson City became increasingly eerie and tense. As the date of the arrival of Sky City draws ever closer, more and more powerful figures from all over the film world are rushing to the scene. For a time, the small city of gray sun became a melting pot of all sorts of people. A sense of unease, like the impending storm, permeated the air. In the struggle for the scarce sky stones that are firmly controlled by various powerful forces, bloody battles are fought almost every day in the city. Assassination, robbery, double crossing, various dirty tricks emerged one after another. Amidst this chaotic situation, a rumor, its veracity uncertain, emerged. Like a virus, it spread wildly among all outsiders, adding another spoonful of boiling oil to an already boiling pot. The rumor was simple, but enough to get any outlaws blood pumping. Just 3 days ago, the Soul family, one of the six major families, was approached by a mysterious lone expert. That unfathomable powerhouse not only acted with the force of thunder, he killed Hun Yaoya, the head of the Hun family, and all her elite shadow monsters on the spot. They even completely wiped the entire Soul family manner off the map of Greyson City, turning it to rubble. His purpose in doing this was simply to seize the sky stone from the Soul Clan. The rumor caused an uproar throughout the underground world of Greyson City. Chapter 292, Repairing the Thousand-faced mask. Holy crap. Really? One person single-handedly took on the soul family, one of the six great families, and almost wiped them out? What kind of godlike feed is this? That's too exaggerated. The head of the Hun family, Hun Yao Yao, is a peak seven-star expert with many powerful subordinates. How could she be taken down by just one person? Hey, you don't know this, do you? I have a brother who works in the city guard. He went to see the scene with his own eyes, and it was a complete disaster. The entire Hun family manor has been turned into a bottomless pit. It's said that not even a single intact brick can be found. Piss. So the rumors are true. Of course it's true. The whole of Greyson City is talking about it now. They say that mysterious expert is an outsider just like us. This rumor acted like a potent stimulant severely stimulating the nerves of all the outsiders who were still struggling to find tickets. It turns out that the six major families are not invincible after all. It turns out that even we powerless nobody have the chance to snatch our own opportunities from those high-ranking big shots. For a time, many self-proclaimed strong individuals began to harbor wicked intentions. They were blinded by the brilliant achievements of that role model and began to imitate him. Their greedy gaze was turned toward the other five major families of Greyson City as well as the power of the city lord's mansion. Thus, one farce after another unfolded. In the south of the city, there is a mercenary group with six powerful members that is quite famous in the surrounding area. Under the cover of night, they launched a surprise attack on a key stronghold of the Lei family, one of the six major families. They originally thought that with the strength and tacit cooperation of their team, they could succeed. Even if I can't wipe out an entire clan like that legendary figure, I should be able to snatch a sky stone and run away without much trouble. However, reality gave them a resounding slap in the face. They didn't even get to see the face of the Lelay family patriarch before being attacked by a dozen guards who rushed out of the stronghold. Along with the two Sevenstar elders, they were annihilated in just a few minutes as easily as cutting melons and vegetables. Similar incidents continued to occur in every corner of Greyson City. Without exception, those challengers who were blinded by greed. They all suffered heavy losses and were completely wiped out by those powerful and influential families with no survivors. Only then did the surviving outsiders finally calmed down from their frenzy. They belatedly realized a problem. Even an elite team of six powerful individuals could in last more than a few minutes against a large family. So just how abnormally powerful was the mysterious person who single-handedly uprooted the soul clan whose strength was comparable to his own? People began to feel awe and then fear. That legendary formidable man has become a taboo topic, leaving an indelible shadow in everyone's hearts. They will never know the powerful man they discussed, speculated about, and even deified. He was currently lying leisurely on his hotel bed, sipping a drink, and flipping through a comic book. They are making final preparations for their upcoming trip to Sky City. Finally, dusk arrived on the third day. Just as the sun was about to sink below the horizon, an unexpected change has occurred. Over gray sun city darkened without warning. Immediately afterwards, streaks of dazzling aurora like ribbons scattered by the gods intertwined and flowed across the sky. It was accompanied by a magnificent and solemn chime that seemed to come from ancient times. Magnificent floating city whose grandeur and magnificence defy description tore open the curtain of space and slowly emerged from nothingness. The sky city Babylon, it has arrived. The appearance of Babylon plunged the entire city of gray sun into a deathly silence. Everyone stopped what they were doing, looked up, and stared blankly at the floating city in the sky, which seemed like a miracle. It was so huge that it blocked out half the sky. The shadow cast enveloped the entire city of Grayson, an ancient and magnificent architectural complex. A strange garden suspended in the air and a silver river of light that flows slowly around the city. Every detail is imbued with a mythical aura. It exudes an ancient pressure that makes one's soul tremble. Is this the castle in the sky? Countless people murmured to themselves, their eyes filled with shock and fervor. After a brief silence, a deafening clamor and commotion erupted. Some outsiders, blinded by greed, activated their shadow energy without a second thought. They transformed into streaks of light, attempting to fly towards the giant city in the sky. They naively thought that the city in the sky was right in front of them. And who said that you had to get a ticket to go in? The first person to rush and will gain the upper hand. However, reality soon dealt them a heavy blow. Just as they were about to approach the sky city, an invisible transparent barrier suddenly appeared in front of them. Bang, bang, bang. A series of dull thuds rang out. Those Shadow Clan members who tried to force their way in were like those who had crashed into an invisible wall. They were all smashed to their heads and fell from the sky in a sorry state. There's a barrier. It can't be broken. This barrier is too strong. Damn it. Does this mean we really can't get in without the sky stone? Those who refused to believe in evil tried various methods using their strongest attacks to bombard that invisible barrier. However, all the attacks were like throwing a stone into the sea. They couldn't even create a ripple in front of that seemingly weak barrier. This scene shattered the last illusions of those who wanted to take advantage of the situation without tickets. And just then, another anomaly has occurred. Soft white beams of light shone down from the sky city. It landed precisely on every person in Greyson City who possessed a sky stone. Inside the hotel room, Lan Yu, who was preparing to leave, was also enveloped by one of the beams of light. He felt a gentle yet irresistible pull. And the next second, his body turned into specks of white light and disappeared from the spot. When Lanu opened his eyes again, he found himself in an incredibly spacious and magnificent front hall. The dome of the main hall is so high that it seems to reach the horizon, and it is engraved with intricate patterns that resemble a star map. It emitted a soft light, illuminating the entire hall as bright as day. The surrounding walls are carved with lielike murals recording the wars and glories of the gods in the mythological era. An ancient, solemn, and sacred aura wafted over me. Is this the interior of Sky City? Lu looked around, feeling slightly shocked. He subconsciously checked his own condition, fitted to his face, perfectly altering his appearance. Her originally striking blue hair has been transformed into a neat short black hairstyle. His facial features also became unremarkable, the kind that would be easily lost in a crowd. He even disguised several black markings on his face, markings that only members of the Shadow Clan possess. This is the mask of a thousand faces restored by Nit Hawk. With this top-notch prop made by his sister, Lan Yu has absolute confidence. Let alone the incarnation of the eternal night king. Even if his true form were to come in person, he probably wouldn't be able to see through his disguise. Chapter 293. Shadowbinding beast. Just as Lana was looking around inside the main hall, several more flashes of white light appeared. One by one, the Shadow Clan members holding tickets were teleported here. Soon, the once empty hall became lively. Lan Yus gaze swept across the crowd observing them discreetly. He saw the men from the Grey Sun City Lord's mansion led by a composed peak stage sevenst star elder. They also saw the teams of the other five major families. As for the Soul family, it seems they can't come because they were robbed of their tickets. They all sent their family's top experts and most outstanding young generation clearly determined to win Sky City this time. In another corner, he also saw five Shadow Clan members dressed in matching black outfits, exuding a chilling aura. People of the Eternal Night Pavilion. Lan Yu's gaze swept over the five people. They discovered that the leader was a green-haired youth wearing a silver mask. He did not find the figure of the king who had once hunted him down. The assassins from the Eternal Knight pavilion said that the incarnation of the Eternal Knight King had said he would come, right? Moreover, in order to specifically enter the sky city, he suppressed his strength to the peak of the eighth star. How exactly were they hidden? Lu was secretly on guard. After all, he had witnessed the other party use similar methods before. After observing the crowd, Lanu turned his gaze to the end of the main hall. There, there is a staircase made of light suspended in the air, spiraling towards an unknown upper level. According to the intelligence he had previously gathered, the sky city of Babylon was divided into five levels. The higher the floor, the greater the danger, but also the greater the opportunity. The legendary treasure that everyone dreams of capable of changing the world's gate, Gajio, a term referring to the overall situation or pattern of things, is located at the deepest part of the fifth level. However, since the age of mythology, countless powerful figures have come to explore it. But no one has ever been able to truly obtain that secret treasure. At this moment, some people couldn't contain themselves and took the lead in walking towards the staircase of light. Everyone's hearts were in their throats, preparing to face the first test of Sky City. The moment the first Shadow Clan member stepped onto the stairway of light, a sudden change occurred. A thin layer of black mist, almost imperceptible to the naked eye, spread out from nowhere and instantly envelop the entire staircase and the passageway extending upwards. What's this? It seems my shadow luck transformation is slowing down. Me too. It feels like my body is filled with lead, making it so difficult to mobilize my inner energy. A series of gasps rang out from the crowd. All the Shadow Clan members who stepped into the black mist area clearly sensed it. The shadow energy within his body seemed to be forcibly suppressed by an invisible force. Although it is still usable, each activation becomes incredibly sluggish and difficult, and the speed of releasing shadow techniques is several beats slower than usual. This sudden turn of events cast a shadow over everyone's hearts. However, the real test has only just begun. Roar, accompanied by bursts of bloodthirsty roars, dozens of grotesque shadow monsters appeared. It suddenly pounced out of the shadows on both sides of the stairs. These shadow monsters were entirely black with sharp claws and teeth, and their strength was around five stars. They were not a threat to the people present. However, with their shadow energy suppressed, many people were noticeably slower to react to this sudden attack. A six-star shadow master who was at the forefront hadn't even had time to condense a protective shadow technique when his arm was slashed by the claws of a shadow monster, leaving it covered in blood. Damn it, everyone. Be careful. Step back. Create some distance. A chaotic shouting erupted from the crowd. Many people suffered losses and were seriously injured. Those experienced members of large families who had visited Sky City before made the most correct judgment immediately. Put them all back. The Lelay family's sevenstar elder shouted, ordering his disciples to retreat quickly. They moved out of the shadow monsters attack range. These are shadowbinding beasts. They can't stray too far from the black mist. We'll deal with them from outside using ranged shadow techniques. Upon hearing this, everyone suddenly realized what was happening and followed suit, retreating hastily back into the main hall. Then they frantically began preparing for a ranged attack. However, amidst this chaotic retreating crowd, one figure stood out as out of place. The black-haired youth who had been sitting in the corner, seemingly inconspicuous, did not retreat. Instead, they leisurely walked against the flow of people up the stairs filled with shadow monsters. This scene naturally caught everyone's attention. Has that kid gone mad? Is this the way to court death? Another naive and ignorant fool who's never seen the world. He'll probably be torn to shreds in the next second. The crowd looked at Lan Yus retreating figure with eyes filled with pity and mockery. In their eyes, this guy who dared to charge into the monster horde. Even when his shadow energy was suppressed, was simply a fool. Even on the side of the eternal night pavilion, there was the green-haired youth who was leading the group and wore a silver mask. He only glanced at it briefly before paying no further attention, as if he had already foreseen Lu's fate. However, what happened next almost made everyone's eyes pop out. A shadow beast roared and brandished its sharp claws, lunging fiercely at Lan Yus head. Faced with this fatal blow, Lan Yu didn't even lift an eyelid. He did not use any shadow techniques, nor did he conjure any shields. He simply raised his hand, met the sharp claws, and casually threw a punch. To everyone's astonishment, bang. A deep resounding thud like the beating of a drum. shadowbinding beast whose strength was comparable to that of a six-star expert, shattered into pieces the instant it made contact with Lanu's fist, as if it had collided with a high-speed train. Immediately afterwards, that unparalleled, terrifying power spread from its arm throughout its entire body. Bang! The enormous shadowbinding beast didn't even have time to let out a whale before its entire body exploded in midair. It turned into a cloud of flying blood and flesh fragments. One punch. Just one punch. Without even using a trace of shadow energy, he blasted a five-star shadow monster to smitherines with pure physical strength. The entire hall fell into a deathly silence in an instant. Everyone seemed frozen in place, staring blankly at the black-haired youth standing on the steps, slowly retracting his fist, their minds completely blank. I I didn't see wrong, did I? What? What kind of monster is that? Is this even a power that a human body can possess? Even a body cultivator who specializes in physical training couldn't possibly be this monstrous, right? Chapter 294. Azura demon body. After a brief silence, there was a burst of gasps and uproar like a volcanic eruption. Everyone's face was filled with shock and disbelief. They finally realized that this seemingly ordinary young man was not a naive fool at all, but an ancient, ferocious beast in human skin. For Lanu, these shadow monsters of such a level were indeed not even qualified to make him use his shadow techniques. His current king's body, intermediate, has already brought his physical strength close to that of a true seven-star powerhouse, enough to rival a shadow weapon of the same level. Dealing with these small fry, is easier than crushing an ant. He ignored the shocked looks behind him and continued walking up the stairs. Wherever it went, none of the shadow beasts that fearlessly pounced upon it escaped. He used the simplest, most direct, and most violent method, punching each of them one by one, turning them all into a cloud of blood mist. For a moment, the entire staircase seemed to have become his personal stage. However, while everyone was still immersed in the shock brought by Lan Yus abnormal physical body. On the other side, a gasp of surprise also came. Lanu paused slightly, turned his head, and looked in the direction from which the exclamation came. Lan Yus gaze fell on the Eternal Night Pavilion's team. The group of assassins in black, like him, did not choose to retreat, but instead stepped straight into the staircase shrouded in black mist. Leading the group was the green-haired youth with the silver mask. At this moment, the other party took off his mask, and Lonu finally saw his face clearly. The young man was handsome, but his brows carried an inescapable air of gloom and arrogance. What is most striking is his long emerald green hair, which is braided into dozens of thin braids like pigtails hanging down his back. With his movements, they writhed like countless small snakes, appearing eerie and sinister. Shadow beasts that charged forward, the greenhaired youth didn't even have to make a move himself. A contemptuous sneer curled at the corner of his lips, and the shadow behind him suddenly twisted and riff violently. Phantom of a demon god formed from the purest darkness leaped out from his shadow. The demonic phantom had three heads and six arms. Each arm bulging with muscles and brimming with explosive power. Boom boom boom. The demon god phantom swung its six enormous fists, smashing all the charging shadow beasts into a bloody pulp like a whirlwind sweeping away fallen leaves. Its power was in no way inferior to that of Lan Yu's side. This scene once again captivated everyone present. That what kind of shadow technique is that? Such a strong sense of oppression. That phantom feels even more terrifying than those shadow-binding beasts. In the crowd, a learned elder from a prominent family upon recognizing the elucory image of the demon god pald and cried out in alarm. It's the Azura demon body, the legendary secret technique of the eternal night pavilion. The young man next to him asked curiously, "Elder, what is the Azura demon body?" The old man took a deep breath, his eyes filled with apprehension and somnity, and explained in a low voice. That's an extremely doineering body refining technique. It said that only geniuses who have tempered their physical bodies to the extreme and can withstand the infusion of demonic power qualified to cultivate it. Once mastered, one can summon the phantom of the Azured demon god to attach to oneself, gaining terrifying power capable of destroying the world. Moreover, this secret technique has always been the exclusive skill of the eternal night pavilion, never to be passed on to outsiders. The old man paused here, his gaze fixed on the green-haired youth, his tone becoming even more complicated. Legend has it that only those chosen by the eternal knight king as his successor are qualified to learn this supreme secret technique. Upon hearing this, a collective gasp of astonishment rippled through the surrounding area. The heir to the throne. These five words carry immense weight. All eyes were fixed on the greenhaired youth. Their gazes filled with awe, envy, and deep apprehension. No wonder he has such terrifying strength at such a young age. No wonder he dared to be so arrogant and doineering in Sky City. It turns out he was actually the future king of Eternal Knight. The greenhaired youth seemed to enjoy the feeling of being the center of attention, and his arrogance grew even stronger. He seemed to notice Lan Yu's gaze, turned his head, and their eyes met in midair. Those shadow beasts with overwhelming force. A fleeting hint of surprise crossed his eyes, but it was quickly replaced by an even stronger sense of disdain and competitiveness. The greenhaired youth gave Lan Yu a provocative sneer. The next second, the phantom of the Azura demon god behind him let out a roar. The frequency of the attacks suddenly doubled. His pace quickened and he transformed into a green whirlwind, hurtling rapidly upwards towards the top of the stairs with an overwhelming force. He seemed to want to use this method to leave Lanu far behind and prove to everyone who was the undisputed strongest person here. However, faced with his childish provocation, Lanu merely glanced at him calmly before looking away, his face expressionless. To him, this pointless squabble was utterly ridiculous. He continued at his original pace, unhurriedly advancing, punching one punch at a time. His calmness and composure formed a striking and interesting contrast with the flamboyance and eagerness of the greenhaired youth. The two of them cleared away all the shadow beasts on the steps. The group was finally able to pass through the first checkpoint and arrive at the second level of Sky City. When everyone stepped onto the second level of land, the view before them suddenly opened up. This is no longer a cramped staircase, but a vast and boundless primeval forest. Towering trees pierce the sky, blocking out the sun, and strange vines coil around the trunks like giant pythons, filling the air with a damp and primal scent. However, no one was in the mood to appreciate the magnificent view because the black mist that suppressed the shadow energy had become even denser here. If the first layer of suppression was like a gentle breeze to Lanu, he could hardly feel it. Upon reaching the second level, he could clearly feel a significant resistance as if he were walking in water. Although this resistance was still nothing to him, he could still use his shadow techniques normally. It just takes a little more effort to break free from the constraints. But for others, the situation is not so optimistic. Damn it. The oppressive force here is at least twice as strong as the first level. I feel that I can only exert half of my usual internal energy. How are we supposed to fight like this? If we encounter another shadow monster like the one we just saw, we're doomed. A suppressed murmur of complaints and panic rose from the crowd of their shadow energy means that their combat power and survivability will be greatly reduced. Just when everyone was in a state of panic and didn't know what to do, another anomaly occurred. Chapter 295. Annihilation. In the heart of the forest, in the densest area, a magnificent radiant light suddenly burst forth without warning. A dazzling beam of light shot into the sky, turning the entire sky gold. Then, an ancient yet magnificent stone base slowly rose from the ground. At the top of the base, a magnificent, shimmering box made of an unknown crystal floats quietly. An indescribable, overwhelming, and terrifying aura emanated from the treasure box. That aura was ancient and sacred, filled with the essence of laws, as if it contained the truth of the entire world. The moment they sensed this aura, everyone present felt their souls tremble and felt an urge to prostrate themselves in worship. This This is Everyone was stunned by this sudden turn of events. Among the crowd were elderly people from prominent families who had once entered Sky City. The moment they saw the treasure box, they screamed in utter terror as if they had seen a ghost. It is a supreme treasure. The legendary supreme treasure of Babylon. How could it be here? Impossible. According to the ancient records, shouldn't the secret treasure be located at the deepest part of the fifth level, guarded by the strongest guardian? Why has it appeared on the second level ahead of schedule? These exclamations were like a bomb dropped on a calm lake, instantly igniting the entire scene. The supreme secret treasure, the ultimate reward of Babylon, the sky city, which exists only in legends, attracting countless powerful individuals to follow in its footsteps, and even kings covet it. It just appeared before everyone without any warning. After a brief moment of shock came an uncontrollable volcanic eruption of madness and greed. It's a secret treasure. It really is a secret treasure. I'm rich. As long as I get it, I can rise to the top and become the strongest person under the king. Charge. Whoever grabs it first keeps it. In an instant, at least dozens of ShadowClan members were blinded by this enormous temptation. Their eyes were bloodshot and they roared like sharks that had smelled blood, charging madly toward the treasure box in the center of the forest. They had completely lost their minds with only one thought in their heads to grab it. However, amidst this frenzied crowd, Lanu keenly noticed something a miss. He saw that the large families who had first recognized the treasure and were the most shocked were now standing still with not a single one of them rushing forward. Their faces showed no joy or greed, but rather a deep sense of fear and unease. They were even desperately trying to hold back their own family's young members who had gone mad with ambition, preventing them from taking another step forward. Something's not right. Lana frowned slightly. Something unusual must be going on. These large families know far more about Sky City than they, as outsiders, do. Even they didn't dare to step forward and even showed a weary expression. This is enough to show that the treasure that is so readily available is definitely a deadly trap. Thinking of this, Lanu suppressed the slight unease in his heart and did not act rashly. Instead, he chose to stand still and observe coldly. Meanwhile, the ShadowClan member who was at the forefront, already laughing wildly, reaching out his hand, about to touch the treasure box that exuded endless allure. However, just as his fingertips were about to touch the treasure box, unexpected changes occurred suddenly. Buzz. The magnificent crystal box suddenly emitted a loud buzzing sound. Then, to everyone's horrified gaze, it began to violently deform, twist, and recombine. The crystal material quickly faded, transforming into a deep, dark substance as dark as the night sky, shimmering with a metallic luster. In just a few seconds, the treasure box, exuding endless allure, disappeared. He transformed into a majestic humanoid knight, nearly 3 m tall, completely enveloped in a heavy and ornate black armor. He had no weapon in his hand, but simply stood there quietly. A terrifying pressure like a landslide or a tsunami instantly swept across the entire area. What is that? Those Shadow Clan members who were at the forefront were startled by this sudden turn of events, and their steps instinctively faltered. However, before they could react. The black armored knight moved, he slowly raised his right hand. The next second, a long sword with an ancient design and a black blade appeared out of thin air in his hand. He didn't even make any extra movements. He simply casually swung the long sword in his hand forward lightly. There was no earthshattering momentum, nor any devastating energy fluctuations. It was just a simple wave. However, this simple wave of the hand caused all the sevenstar powerhouses present too. Everyone, including Lanu, felt a chill run from the soles of their feet straight to the top of their heads because they could sense that at the moment that sword was swung, all the laws of this space were twisted and submitted to it. Whoosh! The Black Knight's long sword flew out of his hand after being swung and instantly split into eight identical long swords in midair. Then something even more horrifying happened. The eight long swords that were suspended in the air began to expand and grow at a speed visible to the naked eye. In the blink of an eye, it transformed into eight towering black peaks hundreds of meters high that blotted out the sky. Eight terrifying mountains formed from sword energy carrying supreme divine might to suppress everything. Crashed down on the dozens of Shadow Clan members below who were completely terrified. No. Run. help. Only at this moment did the Shadow Clan, whose eyes had been blinded by greed, finally awakened from their beautiful dream and let out a scream that was distorted with terror. They turned around in a panic and tried to run away. Some people frantically urged the shadow energy within their bodies, which was already suppressed to almost nothing in an attempt to condense a shield to resist. Some people took out their most precious life-saving artifacts, hoping to block this earthshattering blow. However, it was all in vain. In the face of absolute power, all struggles seemed so pale and laughable. Rumble. Eight massive black mountains fell mercilessly. The earth trembled violently, wailed, and then collapsed. Those dozens of Shadow Clan members along with the vast forest beneath their feet were utterly crushed into dust in that instant, leaving not a trace behind. When the smoke cleared, only eight terrifying bottomless craters remained. One strike. Just one strike. Dozens of experts, all at least at the six-star level, were wiped out. The entire forest fell into a deathly silence in an instant. Chapter 296. The secret treasure appears ahead of schedule. All the survivors were like ducks with their necks choked, mouths a gate, but unable to utter a sound. Their faces filled with extreme fear and horror. Lanu's pupils also contracted sharply at that moment. This power definitely surpasses that of a nine-star power. A tremendous storm raged within him. This protective armor formed from a secret treasure is terrifyingly powerful. Looking back now, those powerful families probably already knew how powerful this protective armor was, which is why they showed such terrified expressions the moment the treasure appeared. While everyone was still immersed in the boundless fear brought about by that earthshattering blow, the black armored knight slowly raised his head. Through the dark helmet and visor, two pale ghostly lights shone. Those were his eyes. His pale, ghostly eyes slowly swept over all the survivors present. Everyone whose gaze swept over him. They all felt as if they were being targeted by a primordial beast from the abyss. Their bloods seemed to freeze, and they couldn't help but retreat, fearing that this god of death would be their next target. Finally, those eyes, burning with ghostly flames, stopped after scanning the entire scene. It remained firmly anchored at the back of the crowd, on the black-haired youth who hadn't moved an inch from beginning to end. It set its sights on Lanu. The moment I was stared at by those pale, ghostly eyes. Lanu felt an indescribable, terrifying pressure, like an invisible shackle, instantly locking him in place. Holy crap, what the hell? A sense of foroding washed over Lu and he was completely stunned. Why me? I didn't move an inch from beginning to end. He couldn't understand it at all. He was clearly just a bystander standing in the back row. They neither rushed forward to seize the treasure nor showed any hostility. Why would this seemingly incredibly powerful protective armor target me? This is not scientific. However, the black armored figure's next move confirmed his suspicions. The black armored knight ignored the other trembling shadow clan members around him. With heavy steps, he walked slowly towards the direction where Lu was. With each step he took, the earth trembled slightly and the terrifying pressure locked onto Lan Yu intensified accordingly. This scene left everyone around speechless. What's going on? The guardian spirit actually came looking for us. This How is this possible? It's clearly recorded in my family's ancient books that guardian spirits only attack those who covet the treasure and never attack others on their own initiative. Just who is that blackhaired boy? Why would the guardian spirit specifically target him? This has never happened before in the history of Sky City. The members of those powerful families were shocked at that moment. Even more intense than when I saw the guardian spirit instantly kill dozens of powerful figures. They knew that the rules of the sky city were set by ancient gods and had never changed for billions of years. Today, this rule seems to have been broken because of this mysterious black-haired youth. For the first time, this guardian spirit, which had always been on the defensive, had a target to actively attack. Being inexplicably targeted by a terrifying being with strength at least nine stars or higher would probably terrify anyone. However, although Lanu was filled with doubt and uncertainty, his mind remained absolutely calm and worked at a rapid pace. Beat. Stop joking. From that earth shattering sword technique just now, the black armored man in front of him is at least three major realms stronger than him. This kind of insurmountable gap in strength cannot be bridged by any skill or trump card to a head-on confrontation being crushed to ashes just like those people from before. Therefore, the only remaining option is run. The moment he reached his conclusion, Lanu did not hesitate for a moment. His inner energy erupted instantly and with a burst of power from his feet, he shot forward like an arrow. Without any hesitation, they retreated swiftly to a point a 100 meters away. This retreat was swift and decisive without the slightest hesitation. Those around were stunned by what they saw. Just now on the first floor, he was incredibly brave and fierce, a powerful figure who could kill everyone with a single punch when facing dozens of shadow monsters. Faced with the protective armor, they didn't even dare to fight back and chose to run away immediately. The contrast before and after is just too great. The greenhaired youth in the eternal night pavilions group displayed undisguised contempt and disdain. I thought he was some big shot, but he's just a coward who bullies the weak and fears the strong. He chuckled softly, clearly looking down on Lu s desertion at the last minute behavior. Lanu naturally didn't care what others thought of him. Face face is worthless in the face of life. He just wants to get as far away from this big trouble that's inexplicably targeting him as possible. However, the black armor clearly had no intention of letting him go so easily. Just as Lonnu retreated rapidly, the figure in black armor also became blurry, and it looked like he was about to catch up. But just then, in the sky, there was a pitch black vortex that seemed capable of swallowing everything. Without warning, it tore through space and appeared directly above the black armor. An incredibly powerful and irresistible suction force suddenly erupted from the black hole vortex, striking the black armor with deadly force. Roar! The black armor seemed surprised by this sudden turn of events. He let out a deep roar, his feet firmly planted on the ground, his whole body bursting with dark energy as he desperately resisted the suction force from the sky. It's a spatial passage to the fifth level. Among the crowd, knowledgeable elders from prominent families exclaimed in surprise once again. The guardian spirit forcibly broke through the barrier of the fifth layer and arrived at the second layer. Now it has been discovered by the laws of sky city and will be forcibly taken back. As expected, no matter how much the black armor struggled, it could not withstand the power of the laws of the entire sky city. His body was being dragged bit by bit irreversibly towards the black hole in the sky by that terrifying suction force. Finally, just before being completely sucked into the black hole, the black armored figure suddenly turned its head, revealing eyes burning with a ghastly white ghost fire, it traveled through the vast expanse of space, and for the last time, it was deeply imprinted on Lanu's body. There seemed to be a hint of doubt, a hint of resentment, and a hint of inexplicable familiarity in his eyes. The next second, the black hole closed, and the figure in black armor completely disappeared from the second level. The entire forest returned to peace once more. All that remained was a devastated battlefield and a group of terrified survivors. Chapter 297. Everyone can split up and act separately. As the all-consuming black vortex closed, the black armored knight, seemingly invincible like a god or demon, vanished completely, and the primeval forest on the second level seemed to regain its vitality. However, everyone present was still immersed in the boundless fear brought about by the earthshattering scene just now, and they could not recover for a long time. They stared blankly at the eight bottomless pits and the devastated battlefield, feeling their hands and feet grow cold, a chill rising from the depths of their hearts. What kind of power is that? A mere casual swing of the sword caused such terrifying destruction, instantly leveling more than a dozen highle experts along with a large area of forest, leaving not even a trace behind. This is completely beyond their understanding of power. The survivors discussed the story animatedly, their voices filled with lingering fear and relief. They were thankful that they hadn't been blinded by greed, otherwise they would be in the same boat as the dust in those eight giant pits. At the same time, almost everyone's gaze, carrying a complex and inscrable emotion, was cast toward the black-haired youth standing in the distance. If the guardian spirits devastating attack just now brought them pure fear, what followed was an unbelievable scene that left them utterly bewildered and shocked. Why? Why would the guardian spirit, which had been passively defending and only attacking the treasure hunters, specifically target the black-haired youth who had been standing still and doing nothing from beginning to end. This is completely contrary to the rules that have remained unchanged in Sky City for billions of years. Who exactly is this young man? What secrets does he hold that could attract such a terrifying being to break the rules for him? In an instant, Lan Yus image in everyone's mind became increasingly mysterious and unpredictable. Even on the side of the eternal night pavilion, the arrogant greenhaired youth now looked at Lan Yu with less contempt and more seriousness and inquiry. Although he had verbally mocked Lan Yu as a coward, he knew perfectly well what was going on in his heart. Faced with an existence of that level, running away is the wisest choice. If it were him, he would absolutely not dare to confront them head-on. He just couldn't understand why this seemingly ordinary guy could receive special attention from the guardian spirit. Lu naturally felt the various gazes directed at him from all around, but he had no interest in paying them any attention at the moment. He let out a long sigh of relief, and his tense nerves finally relaxed. Holy crap, that scared me to death. Lu cursed inwardly. The moment he was locked on to buy that black armor, he truly thought he was going to die here today. The terrifying pressure that made his very soul tremble was the strongest he had ever experienced. Even the last time I faced the incarnation of the Night King, it was far less desparing than this. "What exactly is that thing?" Lanu couldn't help but ask himself. Nidhog's languid voice echoed in his mind, tinged with disdain. Just a puppet bound by the loss. However, the guy who made it is quite interesting. He managed to integrate a trace of divine level law power into a suit of armor, giving it the power of a nine-star weapon. Nine stars. Lanu clicked his tongue. Why did it suddenly target me just now? This is the question that Lanu can't understand the most. Nit himself was also unsure about the matter, and his answer might simply be that the other person was acting strangely. I can't figure it out. I just can't understand it. Forget it. I don't want to think about it anymore. Lan Yu shook his head, deciding to put this question out of his mind for the time being. The most urgent task is to keep moving forward. While everyone was still in shock and unsure of what to do next, suddenly six beams of light shot into the sky from the depths of the forest. The six beams of light displayed different colors. At the edge of the forest stood two towering black towers, each exuding an ancient and mysterious aura. It's the tower of trials leading to the third level. Someone recognized the origin of the six towers and exclaimed in surprise, "Look, there are six. That means there are six different roads." "Great. This way, we won't have to squeeze together." Seeing this, the crowd who had been filled with anxiety immediately perked up. They knew very well that in a place like Sky City, the more people there were, the fiercer the competition and the greater the danger. Now that there are six different paths, everyone can go their separate ways. This is undoubtedly great news as everyone's fate depends on their own efforts. Soon the people present quickly divided into several teams based on their own judgment and intelligence and chose different towers to rush to. The city lord's mansion and several major families including the lay family seemed to have been prepared for this for some time. With a clear objective, they selected several of the most stable looking giant towers. Haired youth. The group from the eternal night pavilion charged without hesitation toward the blood red tower that exuded the most violent aura and appeared the most dangerous. In the blink of an eye, the once bustling forest was left with only Lu. Six towers. Which one should we choose? Looking at the six tall towers in the distance, Lu was momentarily at a loss. He was completely clueless about this sky city, having no idea what kind of trials were contained in the six towers and could only guess based on his intuition. However, just as he was about to randomly choose a direction that looked pleasing to the eye, Nithog's voice rang out again. Count to the right, the second one. Huh? Lonnie was taken aback. Sister, do you know what's inside that tower? Nidhog's answer was straightforward. Have no idea, but I smelled a very familiar scent in that direction. A familiar taste. Nidhog's tone seemed to carry a hint of nostalgia. Do you remember the dark source fruit you ate outside the eternal silent castle? I sensed an aura that was exactly the same as it's in that direction. Dark source demon fruit. Upon hearing those four words, Lan Yus eyes lit up instantly. How could he not remember? It was because he ate a dark source demon fruit that his king's body was able to advance from the initial level to the intermediate level, and his physical strength was greatly improved. He still vividly remembers the feeling of every cell in his body cheering and his strength surging. He had long been obsessed with that magical fruit. Unfortunately, that thing is a rare treasure in the film industry, and he never had the chance to get his hands on it again. I never expected to have another chance to meet him on the second floor of this sky city. This is an absolutely amazing surprise. Walk. Without the slightest hesitation, Lanu instantly activated the shadow chi within his body. He transformed into a streak of light. Without hesitation, they sped off toward the second black tower on the right. As Nidth Hog had pointed out, chapter 298, Orchard picking trip, following Nidhog's directions, Lanu sped through the dense primeval forest. The deeper you go, the darker and more eerie the surroundings become. Towering trees blocked out the sun, and thick vines resembled lurking giant pythons, filling the air with a decaying and dangerous atmosphere. The suppressive power of the shadow energy here is much stronger than before to even move in this environment. However, for Lan Yu, who possesses the body of a king, this level of suppression is not enough to have a significant impact on him. His speed did not slow down at all. His figure flickered like a ghost in the complex jungle. After running for about 10 minutes, Nidhog's voice rang out again. It's about this area that aura is getting stronger. Upon hearing this, Lu slowed down and began to carefully observe his surroundings. His six senses were fully activated, and every movement within a 100 meter radius was clearly displayed in his mind. Soon, he discovered a peculiar little tree in an open space not far ahead, standing out from the towering trees around it. The sapling was only a little over a meter tall, and its entire body was as black as ink. The tree trunk was covered with mysterious patterns, as if it had not grown naturally, but was carved from some kind of mysterious metal. At the top of the bare branches of that small tree, a fist-sized jet black fruit with a faint purple sheen on its surface hung quietly. It was the dark source demon fruit that Lu had been longing for. Found it. Lu was overjoyed and was about to step forward to pick the fruit. However, at that moment, his six senses detected an extremely faint anomaly. Beside that small tree, a seemingly ordinary withered yellow branch hanging to the ground seemed unusual. Lanu stopped abruptly, his eyes narrowing slightly. The next second, the tree branch's disguise was instantly seen through by his eyes. Those aren't tree branches at all. It was clearly a terrifying shadow monster that had disguised itself perfectly. It was a peculiar creature with a slender body resembling a stick insect. Its body blends perfectly with the color, texture, and even the scent emanating from the withered branches. If it weren't for Lonu's six senses being far beyond those of ordinary people, even a seven-star expert would likely find it difficult to detect its presence if they approached it without warning. That is the thousand illusion bamboo python. Lanu recognized the shadowy creature. It was extremely skilled at hiding and disguising itself. That energy fluctuation was cold, violent, and filled with a bloodthirsty aura, and the intensity of its shadow energy had reached the sevenstar level. Lanu raised his eyebrows slightly, but his heart remained completely unmoved. The sevenstar shadow monster is no longer a significant threat to him. The thousand illusion bamboo python seemed unaware that it had been exposed. They remained quietly lurking there, waiting for their prey to come to them. In its eyes, the six-star human who had taken the initiative to approach was undoubtedly the most delicious meal of the day. It could already imagine what would happen when the foolish prey reached out to pick the fruit. The beautiful moment when your sharp fangs pierced the other person's neck. However, it will never live to see that moment again. Just when Lu was less than 10 meters away from that small tree, his figure suddenly vanished from the spot. Divine sword technique, instant shadow flash. The thousand illusion bamboo python's pupils suddenly contracted. It felt an extremely dangerous aura instantly envelop it. It didn't even have time to react. A jet black sword light flashed like lightning across the night sky, disappearing in an instant. The next second, Lanu's figure had already silently appeared next to the small tree. The tip of the Hegny sword in his hand was still dripping black blood. Behind him, the thousand illusion bamboo python, disguised as a tree branch, suddenly stiffened. A thin line of blood slowly emerged from the seventh segment of its head. Then, its enormous head silently slid off its body. Clatter. A final look of disbelief still lingering in its cold serpentine eyes. Sold out instantly. Another clean and efficient 24-second kill. From the moment Lan Yu made his move to the end of the battle, the entire process took less than a second. Lanu flicked the blood off his sword. Not even glancing at the shadow monster as corpse as if he had casually crushed an insect. He reached out and plucked the alluring dark source demon fruit from the branch. Without the slightest hesitation, he put the fruit directly into his mouth. The fruit melted in his mouth, transforming into an incomparably pure and warm torrent that instantly flowed into his limbs and bones. Lanu couldn't help but let out a comfortable groan. He could clearly feel that every cell in his body was cheering and jumping for joy under the nourishment of this warm current. muscles, bones, meridians. Every part of his body is being strengthened and transformed at a visible speed. My proficiency with King's body, intermediate, is rapidly increasing. Although there is still a considerable distance to go before advancing to the advanced level, this improvement is still clearly visible. Lan Yu clenched his fist, feeling the surging power within his body that was even stronger than before. And a satisfied smile appeared on his face. Getting stronger without any effort just by taking drugs is just too awesome. All right, we've eaten enough. Time to go to the next floor. Lu stretched contentedly and was about to set off towards the black tower. However, Nidhogs voice rang in his mind once again, this time with a hint of mockery in it. What's the rush? Huh? Lonnie was taken aback. Sister, is there something else? Of course, Nidth Hog chuckled. Who told you there's only one here? Upon hearing this, Lon Yus breath hitched and an incredulous glint flashed in his eyes. Could it be there's more? Of course, Nithog's smile deepened. Just now, when you ate this fruit, I sensed similar fluctuations of energy coming from other different directions in this forest. Although it's a bit weaker than the one before, it's undoubtedly the same thing. Lanu was completely stunned by this huge surprise that came out of nowhere. He originally thought that finding even one would be incredibly lucky. I never expected there to be so many here. Is this primeval forest an orchard specifically for growing dark source demon fruit? We've struck it rich. We've really struck it rich. If we could get our hands on all of these fruits, his king's body might actually have a chance to directly advance to the advanced level during this sky city trip. What terrifying level of physical strength will his body reach by then? Just thinking about it made Lan Yus heart pound and his blood boil. Sis, quick, tell me the way. Lan Yus voice trembled slightly with excitement. He can't wait to start his orchard picking trip. Chapter 299, Wings of the Night. With Nits precise navigation, Lanu's picking journey proceeded exceptionally smoothly. For the next hour or so, he was like a diligent gardener. He roamed through this vast primeval forest, collecting the hidden dark source demon fruits from every corner. Of course, the process was not without its challenges. Each dark source demon fruit, without exception, lurks a powerful sevenstar shadow monster as its guardian. These guardians come in various forms, some of which, like the thousand illusion bamboo python from before, are adept at disguise and sneak attacks. Some are thick skinned and have amazing defense. Others are incredibly fast, like ghosts. If it were any other six-star shadow master, let alone harvesting the fruit, they would probably have to risk their lives just to deal with one of them. But for Lanu now, these so-called guardians pose no threat whatsoever. With the insight of minds, no weakness of any shadow monster can be hidden. combined with his elusive shadow strike and the indestructible Hegny sword. Every battle ended cleanly and decisively, even elegantly. Often with a flash of sword light, the guardian would be beheaded. Then Lonu calmly stepped forward, picked the fruit, swallowed it in one gulp, and turned to head to the next location. The whole process was smooth and efficient without any unnecessary delays. Dark sourced demon fruit after another. He could clearly feel his physical body undergoing earthshattering changes. His strength, speed, defense, and recovery ability are all skyrocketing at a terrifying rate. The proficiency of King's body intermediate has been rising like a rocket. When he ate the fourth Dark Source demon fruit, his physical strength had already faintly touched the threshold of the peak of the seven stars. Relying solely on his physical strength, he was even confident that he could hold his own against some newly entered eight-star experts for a few moves. The thrill of this sudden surge in power captivated Lanu, leaving him almost unable to extricate himself. Just as he had dealt with the fourth guardian and was preparing to head to the final location, a familiar notification tone suddenly rang in his mind. The power of the authority that all things began in chaos has met the conditions. Gain one chance to draw divine power. Oh, another lottery draw. Lanu paused, a hint of unexpected surprise appearing on his face. He forgot that he had killed several sevenstar shadow monsters that were much stronger than him along the way. According to the rule that all things begin in chaos, each time you kill a creature that is above your level, you will gain one layer of authority. Before we knew it, we had made it to five floors again. Perfect timing. Let's see what good stuff we can get this time. Lana was filled with anticipation. He had been quite lucky in the previous lottery draws. Whether it's Shadow Corridor, Reign of Corrosion, or Divine Power Burst, they are all very practical and powerful skills. Hopefully, they can maintain this record this time, too. Without hesitation, with a thought, his consciousness was instantly pulled into a boundless chaos. In the gray, chaotic ocean ahead, the strange little fish, emitting a soft golden light, swam happily once again. Lanu reached out his hand with practiced ease and gently grasped the nearest golden fish. Got him. The next second, the little golden fish transformed into a pure golden stream of light and merged into his palm. A flood of new information entered Lanu's mind. Gain new divine authority ability, wings of darkness. Source of power, god of night. Effect summons a pair of wings composed of pure dark energy, granting the ability to fly at high speed. Note, flight speed and stealth will receive additional bonuses in nighttime or shadowy conditions. Looking at this newly acquired ability, Lonu's smile slowly froze. Flight capability. That's it. He blinked, then carefully read the description of the ability again to make sure he hadn't misread it. For a moment, he didn't know what expression to make. He felt a mix of emotions and even wanted to curse. To say that his ability is poor is an understatement. In fact, it's not that bad. After all, for the vast majority of filmmakers who cannot fly, the ability to fly at high speed is an absolutely coveted skill, extremely useful for chasing, escaping, or traveling. Useless to Lanu because he could already fly. Moreover, he possesses the Holy Dragon clan's most top tier signature shadow technique, Holy Dragon wings. Those 10 wings made of holy light not only allowed him to fly at high speeds, it also comes with powerful defensive capabilities, even able to protect the mind and become immune to most illusions and mental interference. In terms of both functionality and prestige, it completely surpasses this newly acquired dark wings by leaps and bounds. Let me try it out and see just how fast this thing really is. Holding on to a sliver of hope, Lanu activated wings of darkness with a thought. The next second, his back suddenly felt heavy. A pair of enormous bat-like wings made of pure dark energy suddenly unfurled from his shoulder blades. Those wings look pretty cool. A faint black mist lingered around the jet black wings, creating an eerie and mysterious beauty. Lanu tried flapping his wings. Call. A powerful force propelled him into the air, and he transformed into a black streak of light, darting swiftly through the forest. However, after flying for less than 10 seconds, Lanu stopped with a blank expression. Then he silently put away the wings of darkness on his back. He didn't want to say anything more. Based on the test just now, he can be 100% certain. This so-called dark knight wings is not even as fast as his holy dragon wings. The only advantage might be that it provides better concealment at night. Oh well, I guess I'll just consider it an extra spare skin. Lanu shook his head helplessly and consoled himself with a remark. When it comes to lotteryies, there are always times when you're unlucky. You can't always get the best items. He adjusted his mindset and put the unpleasant lottery experience behind him. Continue heading towards the location of the last Dark Source demon fruit. However, when he arrived at the fifth location, the scene before him made him frown slightly. There are already people here, and there's more than one. He saw the processions of several prominent families, including the Lei and Fong families. There were also some powerful independent cultivators he didn't recognize, but who all seemed quite strong. At this moment, the dozen or so people were gathered in an open woodland, facing each other with different expressions, and the atmosphere was somewhat tense. Dark source demon fruit, radiating an alluring glow, hung quietly on a small, equally dark tree. Clearly, he wasn't the only one who discovered this last fruit. Chapter 300 dream. This is troublesome, Lanu thought to himself. He wasn't afraid of these people. He was confident he could take them all down, even if they attacked together. He just found it troublesome. It's a waste of time and energy to fight so many people over a mere fruit. However, just as Lana was pondering whether to rush up and snatch it directly or simply give up on this last fruit, the situation on the field suddenly took an unexpected turn. Just as Lu arrived at the scene and hesitated about whether to take action, the various forces confronting each other in the center of the woods seemed to realize that continuing the stalemate was not a solution. After all, no one knows what other dangers might be lurking in this forest. Too much time and energy is wasted here for a mere single fruit. It would be a losing proposition to fight to the death. Finally, the leading sevenstar elder of the Lelay family stepped forward and spoke in a deep voice. Gentlemen, I think we don't need to waste our time here. Although this dark source demon fruit is precious, as everyone knows, there must be a powerful guardian shadow monster next to such a rare treasure. If we fight to the death here and the shadow guardian gets the upper hand in the end, it will be a huge joke. His words immediately resonated with everyone present. Indeed, they were so focused on being wary of each other that they almost forgot this most important point. The leader of another solo team, a burly bald man, said in a deep voice, "Elder Lei is right. So, what do you think we should do?" The elder of the Lelay family stroked his beard, his gaze sweeping across the entire room and slowly said, "It's simple. Why don't we join forces to lure out that guardian shadow monster and take it down together? As for who gets this fruit, let's compete fairly based on our own abilities after we've resolved this problem, shall we? This proposal can be considered the most reasonable solution under the current circumstances. First, unite against the external threat and eliminate the biggest threat. Then decide internally on the distribution of the spoils. Those present were all shrewd people who had lived on the edge of a knife. So, they naturally understood this principle. I have no objection. Can let's do it this way. Soon, everyone reached a consensus. In an instant, the tense atmosphere eased. The group began to work together, cautiously approaching the dark source demon fruit. At the same time, they elevate their senses to the extreme, remaining vigilant against any potential attack. Lan Yu, who was hiding in the shadows, frowned even more deeply when he saw this scene. The situation became more complicated than he had imagined. It will be unlikely that he can obtain the fruits of his labor as easily as before. Never mind, it's just the last one. I don't need it. Lonnie weighed the pros and cons in his mind and finally decided to give up. He had already obtained four dark source demon fruits, which was a more than sufficient harvest. There was no need to risk exposing his strength or even being besieged for the last one. He has always been a person who knows how to make choices. With that thought in mind, Lanu prepared to leave quietly and head to the trial tower leading to the third level. However, the moment he turned around, something unexpected happened. Roar! With a deafening roar, the ground suddenly trembled violently. The next second, dozens of enormous mantis-like, but covered in a layer of gray rocky armor, ferocious shadow monsters suddenly burst out from the ground. There were so many of these shadow monsters that they instantly surrounded the dozen or so unsuspecting shadow race members. It's a rock armored mantis. Everyone be careful. The elder of the Lelay family exclaimed in surprise, reacting immediately. He instantly conjured a violent lightning spear in his hand and slammed it fiercely towards the nearest rock armored mantis. The others also came to their senses and unleashed their strongest shadow techniques to fight against the suddenly appearing shadow monsters. In an instant, the entire forest was filled with all kinds of violent shadow energy, and the sounds of explosions, roars, and the clash of metal were endless. a social shadow monster. Wan Yu, who was about to leave, stopped in his tracks when he saw this scene. He activated his mind's eye and glanced at the rock armored mantises. It was discovered that these shadow monsters were not particularly strong individually, generally only at the level of a six-star early to mid-tier. But there are just too many of them. Moreover, its rocky armor has an astonishing defensive capability. Ordinary attacks cannot cause much damage to it. Although those dozen or so people were not weak, they were no match for the overwhelming number of rock armored mantises. They were locked in a fierce battle and some people even started to get injured. Something seems off. As Lonu looked at the battle situation before him, the feeling of unease in his heart grew stronger and stronger. He felt that something was not quite right. These rock armored manises are numerous and have high defense. Their attack methods are relatively simple. Logically speaking, with the strength of a peak sevenstar expert like the elder of the Lelay family, even if he couldn't clear the area quickly, he should have been more than capable of protecting himself. But now he looks like he's having an exceptionally hard time and even seems a bit hesitant. And Lu's gaze fell on the dark source demon fruit that was still quietly floating in midair. Several minutes have passed since the start of the battle, and the fruit has not been affected by any aftershocks of the battle, not even a slight tremor. This is very abnormal. It's as if that fruit never existed in this space at all. Trap. A thought like a bolt of lightning suddenly exploded in Lonu's mind. This is definitely a trap. However, before he could figure out what kind of trap this was, a faint, indistinct voice suddenly echoed deep within his mind. The sound seemed to come through a thick layer of frosted glass, ethereal and distant. Wake up. It's Nit's voice. Lanu's mind jolted. He immediately realized that he had probably fallen under some kind of extremely sophisticated illusion without even realizing it. He bit his tongue hard and the sharp pain instantly brought him back to his senses. He immediately focused all his attention, trying to listen to the voice from the depths of his soul. Kid, wake up. This time, Nidhog's voice was much clearer, and his tone carried an unprecedented somnity. Break. Lu roared in his heart, and the chaotic power within his body suddenly erupted. The next second, the world before his eyes shattered like a broken mirror. The fierce battlefield, the roaring shadow monsters, the fighting crowd, and that tempting dark source demon fruit. All of it vanished in an instant. Chapter 31. Since he's already dead, let's not waste his life. When Lanu opened his eyes again, he found himself still standing in the same spot. There was no battlefield or shadow monsters around. There was only a desolate forest. and on his body and on the bodies of those around him was somehow tightly bound by thick barbed black thorns. The thorns, as if they were alive, were tightening and digging deep into their flesh. Those so-called comrades from before all had their eyes closed at this moment. His face still bore the ferocious expression of a fierce battle, clearly still immersed in the illusion of the battle he had just experienced and unable to extricate himself. As for that so-called dark source demon fruit, Lanu's gaze fell on the center of the woods. There were no dark saplings or tempting fruits there. Some were just broken black tiles, half buried in the soil and covered with cracks. From the very beginning, this was a complete scam. A deadly trap that lures them in and then wipes them out. Piss. Lanu gasped, utterly horrified. What a terrifying illusion. Even with Nidhog protecting him, he was unknowingly tricked. If Nithog hadn't woken him up in time, he probably would have ended up like everyone else around him, strangled to death by these thorns in the illusion. Lonu dared not be negligent in the slightest, and his shadowqi and chaos power erupted simultaneously. Clang, with a crisp snap, the tough thorns that were wrapped around him were instantly broken. However, just as he broke free of his restraints, a man's voice, tinged with both admiration and amusement, suddenly rang out in the empty forest. Oh, that's interesting. There are actually people who have managed to escape from my nightmare flower kingdom. Looks like we've caught a really big fish today. The sound seemed to come from all directions, ethereal and uncertain. Yet, it clearly reached Lan Yus ears. Lan Yus heart. He suddenly looked up, his sharp gaze sweeping across his surroundings. Who? He shouted in a deep voice while gripping the Hegny sword tightly in his hand. All the muscles in my body were tense, ready to fight at any moment. To be able to set up such a realistic and deadly illusionary trap, the opponent's strength must be extraordinary. He The voice emitted a low laugh full of mockery and amusement. Don't be nervous, young man. The words had barely left his mouth in the shadow of a giant tree not far in front of Lanu. A semi-transparent ghostly figure slowly emerged. He was a man who looked to be around 30 years old. He was dressed in an old-fashioned and gorgeous black aristocratic suit. With his handsome face and a faint smile at the corners of his mouth, he looked like an elegant and composed gentleman. But his body was translucent, like a wisp of smoke that could dissipate at any moment. Through his elucory body, one could even see the tree trunk behind him. Shadow soul. Lanu's pupils contracted sharply, and he instantly recognized the other party's origin. Shadow soul, an extremely special and rare type of shadow monster. These were created by powerful filmmakers in life who after death were driven by intense obsession or resentment. The soul failed to dissipate and instead combined with the surrounding shadow energy to form a special spiritual entity. This shadow monster not only retains most of its intelligence and memories from its previous life, but can even continue to use its shadow techniques. They are often more cunning and troublesome than shadow monsters of the same level and are among the enemies that all shadow masters least want to encounter. The mere presence of this shadow soul exerted an indescribable sense of oppression on Lanu. Lu was certain that this guy was an incredibly powerful expert in his lifetime. Even with Nidth Hog protecting me, he managed to trap me with illusions for so long. Lu's brain was working at lightning speed, analyzing the difference in strength between the two sides. This guy's strength has probably far exceeded the sevenstar level and may even have reached the eightstar level or even higher. This is an extremely troublesome enemy. Just as Lanu was filled with doubt and uncertainty, Shadow Soul, who called himself Nightmare, looked at Lanu with great interest, as if admiring an interesting work of art. That's really impressive. He spoke again, his voice tinged with admiration. Your soul strength far surpasses that of others of the same level. And it seems you are also protected by some powerful divine force. Otherwise, you wouldn't have been able to break free from my dreams so quickly. As he spoke, he turned his gaze to the others who were still bound by thorns and unable to extricate themselves from their dreams. A look of disdain on his face. Unlike these useless people who can't even put up a little resistance, they're really boring. After saying that, he snapped his fingers lightly as if he had done something insignificant. Smack. A crisp snap of fingers echoed through the deathly silent forest. The next second, something that made Lanu's scalp tingle happened. Snap. Snap. Snap. A series of teeth grinding sounds of bones cracking rang out continuously. Suddenly, the black thorns that were wrapped around the elders of the Lei family tightened. A terrifying strangulation force erupted instantly. Those powerful beings who were still fighting fiercely against the rock armor mantis in their dreams. He couldn't even let out a scream. Their bodies were strangled into several pieces by that terrifying force, like fragile porcelain dolls. Blood and inrols gushed out like a burst dam, staining the entire land red. There were more than a dozen experts, all at least six-star level, including several elders at the sevenstar lord level. In that brief instant, they were all wiped out. They died without ever knowing how they died. Perhaps in their dreams, they are heroes who fought to the death and sacrificed themselves. But reality is so cruel and ridiculous. Lonn you watched this scene unfold. How ruthless. How decisive. This shadow soul treated human life as worthless. Slaughtering more than a dozen highle shadow masters in the blink of an eye without showing the slightest emotion on his face, as if he had only crushed a few ants. This guy is an absolute madman, a complete demon. However, Shadow Souls performance was far from over. He then waved his hand gently once more. Those bloodstained black thorns seemed to be infused with some kind of evil life force and began to wriggle and grow wildly. Like nimble venomous snakes, they burrowed into the strangled corpses. The next moment, those corpses that should have been dead beyond any doubt stood up again in an extremely bizarre posture, swaying and staggering. Their joints were twisted to unbelievable angles, and their empty eyes burned with eerie green flames. A thick aura of death and resentment emanated from them. Since they're already dead, let's not waste them. Chapter 302. Clearing the field in one move. With a cruel smile on his face, Shadow Soul waved his hand lightly at the corpse puppets with an elegant gesture as if he were conducting a symphony. Roar. The moment they received the order, the dozen or so corpse puppets let out a roar that was not human. With stiff and twisted steps, they transformed into streaks of black after images and pounced on Lanu from all directions. To catch the thief, first catch the king. The thought flashed through Lan Yu's mind instantly. He knew that these corpse puppets were merely tools controlled by the enemy, and eliminating them would be meaningless. Only by killing the true form of that shadow spirit can the problem be truly solved. However, the shadow spirit seemed to have seen through his thoughts. Just as Lonnie was about to use instant shadow flash to rush directly in front of Inhan, a mocking smile curled at the corner of the shadow spirits lips as its figure slowly merged into the shadows behind it and disappeared. Only a single sentence remained, lingering in the air. Young man, it's not good to be too hasty. Lanu couldn't help but curse under his breath. That guy is so cunning. He watched as a dozen or so corpse puppets, each at least six star in strength roared and pounced in front of him. Lu knew he couldn't hesitate any longer. He took a deep breath and his eyes instantly turned cold and indifferent. Since you want to play, I'll play with you to the very end. Roar. The next second, a terrifying dragon roar, seemingly from the ancient primordial era, suddenly exploded deep within his soul. Six senses skill. Dragons roar. An invisible soundwave mixed with an overwhelming and unparalleled chaotic power spread out from Lan Yu as the center. The dozen or so corpse puppets that had just pounced on him suddenly froze. Then under Lanu's icy gaze, their bodies like weathered rocks began to crumble from the inside out. In the end, it turned into handfuls of black powder which fell down and dissipated into the air. One move and the area is cleared. The power of the six senses skill dragon's roar far exceeds everyone's imagination. That was more than just an impact on the soul. The chaotic power it contains has a devastating effect on these corpse puppets controlled by evil forces. In just a moment, the dozen or so menacing corpse puppets were completely purified, leaving not a trace behind. Oh, as the aftershocks of the dragon's roar subsided, the man's voice, tinged with surprise, rang out once again from another shadow not far away. of the shadow soul reappeared. He looked at the empty battlefield and the unharmed Lu and for the first time a look of surprise appeared on his handsome face. Lanu stared at him coldly without saying a word. But his vigilance was at its peak. Although the dragon roar moved just now cleared the field instantly and looked incredibly powerful. It also consumed a huge amount of shadow chi. The shadow spirit in front of them seemed to be completely unaffected. This guy's strength is unfathomable. on Inguins face gradually faded, replaced by a chilling killing intent. Now it's time for the main course. As he spoke, he slowly raised his right hand. As he moved, the corpses and remains that had been pulverized by the dragon's roar, as well as the blood that had been spilled on the ground during the previous battle began to converge wildly, as if drawn by some invisible force. Countless dark shadows were forcibly extracted from the remains and pools of blood. Like a hundred rivers flowing into the sea, it surged into the palm of shadow soul. In just a few seconds, a massive energy sphere over 3 m in diameter, entirely black, covered with blood red patterns and radiating a destructive aura condensed and took shape in his palm. That energy sphere contained the full shadow power of more than a dozen six-star powerhouses and one peaked seven-star powerhouse. After being compressed and purified by shadow souls evil secret techniques, its power has reached an astonishing level. Lonu could even feel that the space around the energy ball was creaking under the strain of its terrifying energy. A cruel smile appeared on Shadow Souls face. This is the end of vengeance that brings together the life's work of more than a dozen highlevel shadow artists. I hope you enjoy this meal. After he finished speaking, the black energy ball in his hand transformed into a black streak of light that tore through the sky. It hurtdled towards Lan Yu at an unavoidable speed. The moment the energy ball locked onto him, Lanu felt every hair on his body stand on end. An unprecedented sense of impending death instantly overwhelmed his reason. Don't try to take it head-on. Never try to take it head-on. At this moment, Lan Yu's brain was working at an unprecedented speed. Almost instinctively, he wanted to use shadow flash to dodge this fatal blow. However, just as his figure was about to disappear. Bang! With a muffled thud, his body seemed to have crashed into an invisible wall and was forcefully bounced back. Barrier! Lanu's heart sank to the bottom. He then realized that from the moment he stepped into this area, he had been trapped in an illusion. They were trapped within a powerful barrier. This barrier sealed off the space, preventing him from using shadow flash for short distance movement. Carrying the power to destroy the world was already within reach. Lanu knew he no longer had time to forcibly break the barrier. No. At this critical moment, a white light flashed through Lan Yus mind. He remembered that he still had a trump card up his sleeve. spatial treasure capable of ignoring any barrier or blockade. Buzz. Without a second thought, Lan Yu immediately pulled out the ordinary white feather from his pocket. The feather that breaks boundaries. Lan Yu infused the shadow energy into it. The white feather suddenly burst forth with a dazzling silver light. A vast and mysterious spatial force instantly enveloped Lan Yus body. The next second, just before the end of vengeance, was about to devour him. Lanu's figure vanished into thin air. Boom. A terrifying explosion occurred. The entire barrier area like a nuclear explosion. The earth was torn apart. Giant trees were evaporated and the entire space was violently twisting and wailing. At the edge of the barrier, 100 meters away. Wan Yus figure quietly appeared. He looked at the apocalyptic scene inside the barrier. His back completely soaked with cold sweat. That was close. just a fraction of a second off and I would have been torn to shreds by that terrifying energy storm. However, just as Lonu was congratulating himself on escaping death, the shadow soul, who stood unharmed at the center of the explosion, suddenly turned its head. A pair of elucory eyes stared intently at the white feather in Lonu's hand. His everpresent calm expression finally vanished completely at this moment. Instead, there was endless shock and disbelief. That's the wing of boundary breaker. He gasped in shock, his voice trembling. How is this possible? Shouldn't this mythical relic be in the hands of that guy, Eternal Knight? Why is it in the hands of a mere human like you? Chapter 303. Should I say you have commendable courage? Or should I say you're courting death? Shadow Soul clearly recognized this spatial treasure and knew who its original owner was. He stared intently at Lanu, his eyes filled with confusion and bewilderment. At first, he thought Lanu was a subordinate sent by the eternal night king. a pawn hidden in the human world. But he quickly dismissed the idea himself. Wrong. He just witnessed Lan Yu using the sixth sense technique, a unique skill possessed only by human filmmakers. This is an ability that the Shadow Clan absolutely cannot master. Therefore, this kid's identity is definitely that of a pure human, a human being yet possessing the Night King's most treasured possession. What does this tell us? An absurd yet unique possibility surfaced in Shadow Souls mind. This kid snatched this treasure from the hands of the eternal night king. Thinking of this Inhan s gazed towards Lanu instantly changed. That look was no longer the look of looking at a big fish, but rather the look of looking at a complete freak. He he ha shadow soul suddenly burst into manic laughter. His laughter filled with absurdity and wonder. Interesting. Very interesting. A mere human brat dares to steal a king's most precious treasure in the shadow realm. Kid, should I say you're courageous or that you're courting death? Shadow Soul shook his head, seemingly unconcerned by Lan Yus indifferent attitude, and the smile on his face became playful again. Forget it. I don't care who you are or what grudges you have with that guy, Yongya. It makes no difference to me because you're all going to die here today. As soon as he finished speaking, Shadow Souls body became elucery again. A more powerful and bizarre mental fluctuation than before swept towards Lan Yu like an invisible tide. He even tried to use illusion magic. Lanu sneered inwardly. Are you trying to use the same trick on him a second time? That's utterly delusional. Buzz. Just as that strange mental fluctuation was about to touch Lanu, a resounding him seemed to rise from the heavens. A dazzling and holy golden light suddenly erupted from behind Lanu. 10 magnificent wings made of the purest holy light energy suddenly unfolded behind him. Wings of the holy dragon. Holy light shines everywhere, impervious to all laws and banishing all evil. That terrifying mental fluctuation was enough to make even a seven-star expert instantly fall into despair. The moment they came into contact with the holy light emanating from the wings of the holy dragon, it was like ice and snow encountering the blazing sun instantly purified and evaporated without even causing a ripple. What shadow souls elusive voice? The holy dragon church's wings of the holy dragon. And it's a fully formed tenwinged form. How could a human like you possibly use the holy dragon clan s top tier shadow techniques? This time he was truly shocked. If the appearance of the boundary-breaking feather only surprised and amused him, the appearance of the holy dragon wings completely overturned his understanding. What kind of monster is this human kid in front of me? He has so many secrets. However, Lanu did not give him much time to be shocked and think. After perfectly blocking the opponent's mental attack with the holy dragon wings, Lanu's counterattack followed. He knew that ordinary attacks would be ineffective against such cunning spirit-like enemies. We must use a power that can restrain him. And coincidentally, this is exactly the kind of power he has in abundance. Since you enjoy using illusions, then I'll let you experience what it's like to be purified. Lu's voice was icy, cold, and devoid of any emotion. He slowly raised his hand, and the 10 wings of holy light behind him shone brightly. Endless holy light slowly appeared behind him. Ancient and sacred bells told between heaven and earth. Countless sacred musical notes transformed into tangible golden chains flying out from the phantom of the church and instantly sealing off the space within hundreds of meters around. Six senses technique temple gospel. This is a powerful area of effect attack that Lanu comprehended in the ruins of the holy dragon church specifically designed to counter evil and the undead for dealing with this shadow soul. Not good. Shadow soul saw the phantom of that church. His expression changed completely. He sensed a deadly threat emanating from the depths of his soul, from that holy light. That was the fear brought by a natural nemesis. Without a second thought, he immediately tried to transform into black mist and disappear into the shadows to escape. But it was too late. Boom! Endless holy light poured out from the phantom of the church like a flood bursting its banks. Wherever the holy light passes, all shadows and evil are instantly purified. Shadow spirit that had just turned into black mist didn't even have time to let out a scream before it was completely evaporated and annihilated in that destructive torrent of holy light. Not even a trace of its existence was left. When the holy light faded, the forest returned to peace. The elucory image of that magnificent church slowly faded away. The wings of holy light behind Lanu also retracted and he breathed a slight sigh of relief, his face turning somewhat pale. Simultaneously using the two large scale sixth sense skills, dragons roar and holy temple gospel also consumes a considerable amount of his energy. However, the result was good. That troublesome shadow soul has finally been completely dealt with. Lanu breathed a sigh of relief and was about to go forward to check the spoils of war and also to pick up the broken tile used as bait to see if it was anything special. However, just as he took his first step, another anomaly has occurred. Without warning, a black vine hidden underground suddenly burst forth from the ground beneath his feet like a venomous snake emerging from its hole. It pierced straight into his heart. This sneak attack came too suddenly and was too cunning. Almost the instant the vines broke through the soil, they reached Lan Yus chest. However, Lan Yu reacted even faster. He seemed to have anticipated all of this, showing no sign of panic on his face. He didn't even lower his head once. Clang. A clear metallic clang rang out. Lan Yu's Hegny sword had somehow appeared in front of his chest, precisely blocking the deadly vine. Sparks flew everywhere. The vine, strong enough to pierce steel plates, was severed by the unparalleled sharpness of the Hegny sword. Fisk, you're really cautious, kid. A familiar male voice, tinged with regret, drifted from the shadows not far away once more. Lanu suddenly looked up and stared coldly at him. On that land purified by holy light, a pitch black shadow was slowly writhing. The shadow spirit that he thought had been completely destroyed reappeared from the shadows, completely unharmed. Chapter 304. How about this? Let's cooperate. His face still wore that cynical smile. It was as if he wasn't the one who had just been annihilated by the holy light. Upon seeing the perfectly intact shadow soul whose clothes were not even wrinkled, Lanus pupils contracted sharply and his heart sank instantly. The gospel of the temple is not working. No, impossible. Lanu immediately dismissed the idea. He was now absolutely certain that the holy light of the temple gospel capable of purifying all evil had completely annihilated the opponent. That feeling of being eradicated from the very root is something that can't be faked since that's the case. Therefore, there is only one explanation for the current situation. The one I just killed was not your true form. Lonu spoke slowly, his voice cold, his eyes filled with semnity. Oh. Upon hearing this, Shadow Soul showed a hint of surprise on his face, and he clapped his hands with great interest. Smart. You figured it out so quickly. He made no attempt to hide it, admitting it as such. That's right. That was just a clone I created using a small portion of my power. A clone? Lu's brows furrowed even deeper. With such immense power, even a single clone could create an illusion that trapped over a dozen highle shadow masters. It can even unleash a killing move comparable to the full force attack of an eight-star expert. How terrifying must his true form be? Lanu recalled a record about highle shadow souls that he had once read in an ancient book. If the shadow soul exists for a long enough time, even thousands or tens of thousands of years, deeply merge with the shadow energy over endless years, eventually condensing into a unique soul crystal. As long as the soul crystal is not destroyed, the shadow soul can draw power from it and continuously split into clones with self-awareness. Each clone possesses considerable strength and is fearless in the face of death. Even if it is destroyed, it will only lose a portion of its power. Its main body will not suffer any substantial damage. It can be said that a shadow soul possessing a soul crystal is a near immortal being. Lanu's heart sank. This is troublesome. Encountering an old monster that is impossible to kill, impossible to eradicate, and likes to hide in the shadows and play dirty tricks is definitely the situation he least wants to face. However, what Lanu didn't know was that the shadow soul on the other side was thinking the same thing. He also felt that Lanu was a huge problem. He was, after all, an ancient being who had lived for nearly 10,000 years. Although its strength has declined significantly for certain reasons, it is not someone that can be provoked by just anyone. But today, he has been repeatedly humiliated in front of a mere six-star human shadowmaster. This kid has an endless stream of trump cards up his sleeve, and each one is more outrageous than the last. The most fatal thing is that the opponent also possesses holy light-based abilities that are a natural counter to his spiritual form. How can we fight like this? Even if we manage to wear him down in a direct confrontation, we'll likely suffer heavy losses, making it a losing proposition. Inguins gaze began to wander over Lan Yu. They seemed to be looking for his weakness. However, when his gaze fell upon the all black, ancientl looking Hegny sword in Lanus hand. His body jolted violently. Those elucory eyes were instantly fixed on the sword, unable to look away. This this sword. Shadow Souls voice suddenly became somewhat excited, even trembling slightly. He stared intently at the sword, as if he had seen something he would never forget. Boy, the sword you're holding, could it be? Could it be the legendary sword of Hegny? His voice trembled when he said the name. Lan Yus heart skipped a beat, but his face remained expressionless as he coldly stared at him. And then the shadow soul saw Lan Yus tacid expression as if he had suddenly realized something. He was stunned for a moment and then burst into laughter. Harah, I see. I see. I knew it. I was wondering why that stubborn guardian would suddenly break the rules and force his way from the fifth level to the second. So, so it's because you brought the sort of hegi here. Shadow souls laughter was filled with the joy of sudden realization. He looked at Lan Yu, who had a puzzled expression, and his smile became unfathomable. It seems you don't know enough about this treasure in your hand and this sky city. Fine, since you've given me so many surprises, I'll kindly tell you a secret. Shadow Soul paused, then spoke slowly in a mysterious tone. The first master of this sky city Babylon, was named Zazelle, an ancient god in the mythological era who held the power of curse and calamity. and the Hegy sword in your hand is the result of that god's painstaking efforts forged by my own divine bones and authority, the strongest divine artifact. It can be said that the sword in your hand and this sky city are of the same origin and that so-called supreme treasure is inextricably linked to this sword. It can even be said to be a key and lock connection. Upon hearing these words, a tremendous storm raged in Lan Yus heart. He finally understood why that black armored knight had been targeting him like a madman. It's because of the Hegny sword in his hand. The guardian, or rather the supreme treasure sensed the aura of the key, which is why it acted so unusually. However, just as Lanu was digesting this shocking secret, the opposing shadow soul dropped an even bigger bombshell. He looked at Lan Yu, a strange smile curving his lips, and said, "Word by word, I won't hide it from you anymore." to open that supreme treasure and obtain the unparalleled power within that could change the world order. There are two core conditions. First, there's the Hegny sword in your hand. Secondly, it is the essence and blood of the holder. Shadow souls voice like a demon's whisper echoed in Lanus ears. In other words, you are the chosen one, the one destined to unlock the secret treasure. Upon hearing this, Lan Yus heart skipped a beat, but he quickly calmed down. He couldn't believe that such a good thing could happen in the world, that a pie would just fall into his lap. The cunning and shrewd Shadow Soul in front of me must have some purpose in telling me such important information. As expected, Shadow Souls tone carried a hint of shot and Freuda. But all of this is contingent on you first defeating that guardian. Otherwise, you won't even have a chance to get close to the treasure, let alone open it. Just then, the shadow soul, who had been observing Lawn use changing expressions, seemed to finally feel that the time was ripe. He dropped the playful smile from his face, and his expression became more serious and earnest than ever before. Kid, how about this? Let's cooperate. Chapter 305, The First King Nightmare. Lanu raised his head and looked at him with a suspicious gaze. Cooperate. Shadow Souls face was full of sincerity. I'll help you deal with that troublesome guardian and you can use your sword and your blood to unlock the treasure. When the time comes, we'll split the treasures inside 50/50. The true intentions are revealed when the truth is finally revealed. Now, Lanu finally understood this guy's intentions completely. He went through such a long and complicated process, revealing intelligence, demonstrating his strength, and using both threats and inducements. After all that, their ultimate goal was to cooperate with me to retrieve that so-called supreme treasure. He narrowed his eyes, staring intently at Inhan and tentatively asked, "What if there's only one treasure inside or an odd number, making it impossible to divide equally? Without a second thought, Shadow Soul waved his hand generously. I've confirmed that there are at least two treasures inside. If there's an odd number, that's fine, too. You can have the extra one. I'll be content as long as I can use the power of the secret treasure to escape this damned aerial city. The other party's attitude seemed extremely sincere. But Lan Yus intuition was frantically warning him. Suspicious? That's highly suspicious. This guy is definitely hiding some crucial information from me. Cooperating with him is like asking a tiger for its skin. But Lanu glanced at the Hegny sword in his hand. then thought about the terrifying guardian and the avatar of the eternal knight king who was still eyeing him covetously somewhere in sky city. He had to admit that shadow soul was right. He is indeed in a dilemma. It would be almost impossible for him to seize the treasure by himself surrounded by powerful enemies. In this situation, having an ally with unfathomable strength, even if it's just a superficial one, is always better than having a persistent enemy. Risks and opportunities coexist. To gamble or not to gamble, Lana was going through a fierce internal struggle. The shadow soul on the other side didn't urge him, but just watched him quietly, waiting for his answer. Time passed by second by second. Finally, after thinking for a full 5 minutes, Lanu slowly raised his head. "Okay, I promise you." Upon hearing this, Shadow Soul finally revealed a satisfied smile. "A wise choice. However, I also have two conditions," Wanu added. The smile on Shadow Souls face froze. Then he sighed helplessly. You're such a troublemaker. So, what are your conditions? Lanu held up one finger. First, I want that dark source demon fruit. He pointed to a broken tile that was being used as bait not far away. He didn't believe the other party would use an ordinary tile to simulate the aura of the dark source demon fruit. The other side definitely has real fruit in their hands. No problem. Shadow Soul was quite decisive. He snapped his fingers and the branches and leaves next to the broken tile instantly flashed with light, turning into a real dark source demon fruit, which then flew straight into Lanus hand. Consider this a gift I'm giving to my future partners. Lu took the fruit, felt the pure energy it contained, and nodded in satisfaction. Then he extended his second finger. The second condition, his eyes instantly sharpened. As you know, the boundarybreaking feather in my hand was borrowed from the eternal knight king. Unfortunately, that guy's avatar is also in this sky city, and his target is also the supreme treasure. I imagine your excellency wouldn't want a monarch in disguise to interfere and steal a share of the spoils while we're preparing to retrieve the treasure, would you? Therefore, I hope you can temporarily restrain the other side while we are retrieving the treasure." Lanu stared intently at Inhan and stated his second condition. He had experienced the other party's elusive illusions. He believed that this old monster definitely had a way to trap the Avatar of the Night King. Upon hearing Lan Yu's second condition, Inhan's face revealed a strange expression. He looked at Lan Yu and couldn't help but sneer as if he had heard the biggest joke in the world. Why go to all this trouble for a mere incarnation of a monarch? He said it casually in a matterof fact tone. When we encounter him, I'll just kill him for you. Lu was so shocked by the other party's bold remarks that he was speechless for a moment. Just kill them. That was the embodiment of a king. The very pinnacle of the entire shadow realm. Even if it is just an avatar, its strength is infinitely close to that of a nine star. What seemed like an insurmountable chasm to him was treated like a worm that could be crushed at will in this guy's mouth. Lanu looked at him with extreme suspicion. You You're not bragging, are you? Are you really sure? shadow soul trapped in Sky City for tens of thousands of years actually had the strength to directly confront the incarnation of a current monarch. Faced with Lon Yu's questioning, Inhan remained silent for a moment. He seemed to realize that it would be difficult to convince this cautious young man with just words. The next second, a vast, ancient, and terrifying aura full of majesty suddenly erupted around his translucent body. That aura was as deep and unfathomable as a prison, as if it had descended upon this place across countless ages. The moment he sensed this aura, Lan Yus pupils suddenly shrank to the size of pinpoints. It felt as if the blood in his body was about to freeze. Familiar. He was all too familiar with that aura. He had sensed similar auras from both the eternal night king and the black flame king. That was a supreme pressure unique to monarchs, surpassing all living beings. Do you believe me now? Shadow Soul spoke slowly, his voice still calm, but it contained an undeniable majesty. He looked at the dumbfounded Lanu, a complex smile curving his lips, and slowly uttered a name that would shake the entire film industry. I can kill him because I was once a king. They all call me Nightmare. He was one of the original seven kings. Boom. This short sentence was like a thunderclap from the heavens, exploding in Lanu's mind. He was so shocked by this earthshattering secret that his mind went completely blank. The first king, Nightmare King. He had considered that the shadow soul in front of him had a significant background. But he never dreamed that it would be this powerful. The original seven kings were among the first group of supreme powerhouses to rise in the film world after the end of the mythological era. Each one was an unparalleled being who suppressed an entire era. And this guy in front of me is actually one of them. This means that this guy has lived for nearly 10,000 years. No wonder. No wonder he is so powerful, so cunning, and so indifferent to human life. Because in his eyes, apart from beings of the same level, other living beings are probably no different from ants. All right, now you can believe in my sincerity, right? The nightmare king concealed his aura and reverted to his harmless, gentlemanly demeanor. Lanu took a deep breath, forcibly suppressing the turmoil in his heart. He knew that he had probably gained an incredible ally today. Of course, it could also be a venomous snake that might bite back at any moment. But in any case, with the promise of the nightmare king, his biggest concern was finally resolved. In that case, it's a pleasure to cooperate. Lana nodded, thus officially establishing this dangerous alliance. It's a pleasure to cooperate. Nightmare King smiled and extended his hand. However, his hand passed directly through Lanu's hand. Oh, I forgot. I'm a spirit now. The nightmare king chuckled awkwardly and withdrew his hand. Now that we're allies, I won't hold back anymore. He pointed to the towering black tower not far away. I know a shortcut that can skip the boring levels on the third and fourth floors and take you directly to the fifth floor where the guardian is located. As he spoke, he casually waved his hand. Not far away, a ShadowClan corpse that he had previously strangled suddenly stood up, swaying like a puppet. The nightmare king said, "I will manipulate him to lead the way for you." Lanu glanced at the spot where the corpse had been standing. He noticed that the location was exactly diagonally behind where he had just been standing. That was a perfect blind spot, a perfect place to launch a sneak attack. Seemingly sensing Lanu's thoughts, the nightmare king spoke up, frankly, admitting, "Don't overthink it. I originally planned to use that corpse to ambush you. However, now that we're allies, there's no need for that anymore." He wore a warm smile and spoke with such sincerity that it was as if he were talking about something trivial. Lu was speechless for a moment. That guy is really damn cunning. Chapter 306 Kings Ace navigation. Before leaving, Lu remembered that there were still a few dark source demon fruits left on this floor. He stopped and suddenly spoke. All right, before I go to the fifth floor, I need to get a few dark source demon fruits. The nightmare king waved his hand, his tone unusually cheerful. Haha, of course. No problem. Since we're allies, your business is my business. It's just a small fruit, isn't it? I'll accompany you on that trip. Over the next half hour, guided by Nith Hawk, Lu successfully found two more dark source demon fruits. As before, each fruit was guarded by a sevenstar level shadow monster. No match for Lu. Basically, it's all a script of a flash of light followed by a fatal blow. The battle was resolved cleanly and efficiently, and then the fruit was harvested. All in one smooth motion. Lanu could sense that his proficiency with King's body intermediate had reached its peak. Just one step away from officially being promoted to senior level. He clenched his fist, feeling the explosive power within him, and his heart was filled with an unprecedented sense of satisfaction. He was confident that he could now face off against a mid-level eight-star expert headon with his physical strength alone and even gain the upper hand. Sister, where is the last one? Mu was already getting impatient. If he eats just one more, his king's body will be upgraded. Strange, however, Nidhog's voice carried a hint of doubt. The last trace of aura. How did it disappear? Disappeared? Lu was taken aback. Yes, just a few minutes ago, that aura suddenly stopped, Nidhog said. Someone must have gotten there first. It was taken by someone. Lu frowned. He immediately activated his six senses and sensed the general direction Nidhog had indicated. Sure enough, the fruit had already been taken. It seems I'm a step too late. Although it was a bit of a pity, he didn't dwell on it too much. After all, his gains this time were already enormous. He had consumed a considerable amount of dark source demon fruit, resulting in a qualitative leap in his strength. One should not be too greedy. To have such a gain is already an incredible stroke of luck. Never mind. Let's go back. Lanu adjusted his mindset and turned to return to the place he had agreed upon with the nightmare king. When he returned to the black tower, the corpse puppet controlled by the nightmare king still stood there silently as if it had never moved. "You're back." The nightmare kings voice rang out, judging by your radiant face. You must have had quite a hall. "It's all right," Lonu replied indifferently. "He, let's go. We don't have much time left." The nightmare king smiled and asked no more questions. He then manipulated the corpse puppet and stepped into the ominous black tower. Manu followed closely behind and stepped inside. The scene before my eyes changed in an instant. He found himself in a dark narrow corridor. This is the interior of the trial tower leading to the third level. The nightmare king's voice came from ahead. Stay close and don't wander off. There are many traps and mechanisms in this tower. If you take one wrong step, even a sevenstar expert will be severely injured. As he spoke, he manipulated the corpse puppet and walked straight toward a seemingly ordinary wall on his left. Then, to Lan Yus astonishment, the corpse puppet actually passed right through the wall and disappeared. This is a hidden passage. Lanus heart skipped a beat. I suppose so. The Nightmare King's voice came from behind the wall. This path bypasses most of the traps ahead and leads directly to the core area of the third level. Hurry up and follow. Without further hesitation, Lanu followed him inside. Sure enough, after passing through the wall, there was another, even more hidden passage. It seems that this old monster knows far more about this place than he imagined. With such a living map by my side, this trip to Sky City seems to be much more interesting. Lanu looked at the corpse puppet leading the way ahead, and the corners of his mouth turned up slightly. The third level is a trap maze. As its name suggests, this entire floor is a huge, intricate, three-dimensional maze. The walls of the maze were made of an unknown black metal that was not only indestructible, but also effectively block the detection of shadow energy. Here, even these six senses that a sevenstar expert is so proud of will have their perception range compressed to the limit, covering at most a radius of less than 5 m around them. Even worse, the maze is filled with all sorts of deadly traps and mechanisms. There are dark holes that spray corrosive venom, sharp spikes that suddenly emerge from the ground, and bizarre runes that can instantly drain the shadow energy from a shadow master's body. It's fair to say that this place is a nightmare for all explorers. At this moment, at a wide crossroads in the maze, the delegations of several prominent families, including the Lei and Fong families, were gathered here, each with a worried expression. Damn it, another dead end. This maze is different every time I come here. It's really troublesome. The lay family's sevenstar elder slammed his fist into the wall in front of him, producing a dull thud, but the wall remained completely still. They had been in this third floor for almost an hour, but they were still going around in circles. Several times they nearly triggered deadly traps, and several young members of the team have been injured. A middle-aged man from the phone family asked with a grave expression, "Elder Lelay, what do we do now?" The map we have only shows a route that is completely different from the one ahead. The elder of the Lelay family said irritably. What else can we do? The maze changes every time. We can only try one path at a time. Everyone pay attention. Watch your step. Although these large families possessed incomplete maps passed down from their ancestors, they were merely a drop in the ocean compared to the enormous ant nestlike maze. In most areas, they were also completely in the dark. While most people were struggling and finding it difficult to move forward because of this damn maze. A series of unhurried footsteps suddenly came from a passage behind them. Huh? There are other people. The elders of the lay family immediately turned around wearily and gripped their weapons tightly. They saw a plain-l lookinging, unremarkable young man with black hair walking leisurely out of the passageway, his hands in his pockets. His leisurely demeanor made him seem less like someone who had come to challenge a level and more like someone who was taking a stroll in their own backyard. It was Lu. It's you. The elders of the Lelay family all showed expressions of surprise the moment they saw Lanu clearly. They certainly remembered the mysterious boy who had caused the guardian spirits to stir on the second floor. They just couldn't figure out how this guy caught up so quickly. Chapter 3007. Does this maze belong to his family? The members of those six families only managed to get here because they had maps and experience. Lanu glanced at them, ignored them, and walked straight through them as if he hadn't seen them at all. He flashed past everyone like a ghost. A young member of the Lelay family exclaimed in surprise, pointing to the direction in which Lu disappeared. He seems to have just passed right through the soul devouring light wall. Impossible. The Lelay family elder leading the group immediately denied. The soul devouring light wall is a death trap. Even an eightstar expert would have their soul torn apart instantly if they touched it. You must have seen wrong. However, similar scenes kept playing out in different areas of the maze. Look, there's a figure over there. He's actually moving in a straight line through the endless corridor. Are you crazy? The space there is distorted. Anyone who goes in will just spin in circles until they die from exhaustion. I think I just saw someone jump off that cliff over there. There's spatial turbulence down there. Exclamations of surprise rang out from each of the teams. The figure they saw completely disregarded all the rules and traps in the maze, traversing what they considered dead ends and death zones in an incomprehensible way. This bizarre scene sent chills down the spines of everyone who witnessed it. Unbeknownst to them, Lana was following behind the zombie puppet, strolling leisurely as if he were in his own backyard. The road on the left looks like a dead end, but there's a hidden passage behind the wall. That platform in front is an illusion. Stepping on it will cause you to fall directly into the acid pool below. Just climb over the pillar next to it. Oh, the control core of this mechanism is behind the third brick in the ceiling. Break it and all the traps in this area will be disabled. The nightmare king's voice echoed continuously in Lanu's mind, dissecting this terrifying labyrinth, which was a place where death seemed almost inevitable for outsiders into a crystal clear. With this navigation system, which can be described as an official cheat code, Lanu's speed was astonishing. He was clearly the last one to enter the third floor, but it only took him less than 10 minutes. They had already overtaken everyone else and left them far behind. Those large family groups are still struggling in the middle of the maze. They could only stare in disbelief as the black figure flashed past not far in front of them. Then it disappeared at the exit leading to the next floor, its back view barely visible. How How did he get there? This This is not scientific. Does he own this maze? Everyone's mind was filled with endless confusion and shock. Lan Yu, who had already stepped onto the passage leading to the fourth level, was in a good mood. He had to admit that in hindsight, making this old monster an ally was indeed an absolutely correct decision. Just as he was about to reach the end of the third level, the Nightmare King's puppet suddenly stopped and turned into a narrower, darker side path. The Nightmare King's voice rang out again. It's closer this way. He didn't ask any more questions, but simply followed silently behind the corpse puppet. After many twists and turns, we entered a deeper passage. This passage was narrower than any of the previous ones, allowing only one person to pass at a time. The walls were covered with modeled marks, and the air was filled with a long-forgotten smell, as if no one had set foot here for countless years. After walking for about 5 or 6 minutes, the view suddenly opened up ahead. A huge circular stone chamber appeared before Lanu. This stone chamber is very spacious with a diameter of several hundred meters and a towering dome on which are carved ancient star maps that Lanu cannot understand. Apart from a huge now extinguished circular magic circle on the central floor, the entire stone chamber was completely empty without a single hair. Forget about treasures, there wasn't even a shadow of a monster here, and the concentration of shadow energy in the air was pitifully thin. The Nightmare King introduced. This road is a maintenance pipe left by the craftsmen who built this sky city. It is absolutely safe. There is nothing inside. There are no treasures or traps. It can be said to be the most boring place in the entire sky city. Lanu nodded slightly upon hearing this. Not taking it to heart. He followed the puppet at a leisurely pace, habitually, unleashing his full power of his six senses. It scans everything within a radius of hundreds of meters like a radar. To prevent any potential accidents, however, this scan of his six senses led Lan Yu to an unexpected discovery. Lu slowed his pace slightly. His gaze was fixed on a small, unremarkable black stone about the size of a fist in the corner of the stone chamber. Just now when he used his six senses to conduct a thorough search, it was discovered that his six senses could easily penetrate the walls and floor of the stone chamber, allowing him to perceive their internal structure and materials. This seemingly ordinary stone is the only exception. The moment his senses came into contact with the stone, it was as if a mud ox had entered the sea, completely swallowed and isolated by an invisible force. He had absolutely no way of knowing what was inside the stone. Lanu had only encountered this situation when facing certain special items that contain divine authority. There's definitely something wrong with this stone. It's just a broken rock. What's so interesting about it? Nightmare King said dismissively. Lu ignored him and instead reached out and picked up the stone. The stone feels cool to the touch, has a heavy texture and a smooth surface. Apart from its darker color, it is no different from an ordinary pebble. Lanu infused a wisp of shadow energy into it. attempting to investigate. However, the moment the shadow energy entered the stone, it was swallowed up by a black hole and disappeared without a trace, without causing any ripples. Something strange. Lanu became increasingly certain of his judgment. He quietly put the stone into his pocket. This action naturally did not escape the notice of the nightmare king. Eh, you're really greedy. You'd even take a scrap of a broken rock. Nightmare King chuckled, but didn't say anything more. In his view, it was indeed just an ordinary stone, perhaps with a special material, but definitely not a treasure. He had studied it for thousands of years without finding any problems, and he didn't believe that Lanu, this young upstart, could figure it out in just a few glances. Lu naturally wouldn't offer any explanation. He was now certain that although the nightmare king knew a lot about Sky City, he was definitely not omnisient or omnipotent. At least, he didn't notice anything unusual about the stone. This made lawn you secretly breathe a sigh of relief. Chapter 308. A piece of waste paper. Cooperating with such an old monster is always a good thing as it gives you an extra trunk card that no one else knows about. All right, we've taken the stuff. Shouldn't we be going? Nightmare King urged. Let's go. Lu nodded and followed the corpse puppet out of the mysterious stone chamber. However, just as they stepped out of the stone chamber and returned to the maze passage, the entire sky city suddenly trembled. violently without any warning. Immediately afterwards, an energy storm of unimaginable ferocity suddenly erupted from the depths of the maze. Boom! The terrifying howling sound was like the roar of thousands of demons. Countless black sand grains condensed from highly concentrated shadow energy, formed a sand wall that blotted out the sky, and swept towards their location with overwhelming force. For the first time, the nightmare king's voice carried a hint of anxiety and somnity. It's the shadow power sandstorm. Damn it. Why did it have to come at this time? The shadow sandstorm is an extremely terrifying natural disaster within sky city. A vast aura accumulated within the sky city over countless years. An energy storm formed by concentrated bursts at certain special nodes. Its terrifying power is enough to easily tear apart the protective aura of a seven-star expert. Even an eight-star expert trapped within it would be absolutely unable to escape and scathed. As the devastating sandstorm drew ever closer, Lon Yus expression grew extremely grave. "What should we do?" he asked in a deep voice. The Nightmare King said urgently. "What else can we do?" "Find a place to hide." "Quick, go back to that stone chamber. It's the only place that can withstand the sandstorm." Without further hesitation, the two rushed back to the circular stone chamber they had just left. The moment they stepped into the stone chamber, the terrifying sandstorm of shadow energy arrived. Boom! The entire stone chamber shook violently as if it would be torn to shreds by the terrifying storm at any moment. Outside the stone chamber, there was a terrifying apocalyptic scene. Inside the stone chamber, both Lan Yu and the Nightmare King breathed a sigh of relief. The Nightmare King said helplessly, "It looks like we'll be stuck here for a while. This sandstorm will last for several hours at the shortest and one or two days at the longest before it subsides. So long, Lanu frowned. However, he quickly came to terms with it. Perfect timing. He can use this time to thoroughly study what he has gained along the way. Thinking of this, Lanu sat down cross-legged. Lanu closed his eyes, a thought forming in his mind. The next second, his consciousness sank into his vast and boundless mental world. Upon regaining consciousness, Lanu found himself standing on that familiar island in his mental world. The sunshine, the beach, the waves, everything seemed so peaceful and serene, a stark contrast to the apocalyptic sandstorms outside. It's so comfortable at home. Lonu stretched and his mood relaxed as a result. Without delay, he arrived at the center of the island next to the ancient and mysterious well. He wanted to test whether this magical well, which claimed to be able to replicate everything, could actually replicate the dark source demon fruit. He took out the last one, which was also the best quality dark source demon fruit from his pocket. He didn't eat all the ones he picked earlier. He saved one. If if this well can be replicated, wouldn't that mean he could have an endless supply of Dark Source demon fruit? Just thinking about it made Lon's heart pound. With immense excitement, he carefully tossed the dark source demon fruit into the well. Thump. The fruit fell into the water, creating a small ripple. Lanu held his breath and stared intently at the well opening. 1 second, 2 seconds, 3 seconds. However, the expected scene of the two fruits floating to the surface did not occur. The well water remained crystal clear and calm without a ripple. Copying failed. How could this happen? Lyu frowned deeply. He waited a few more minutes, but nothing changed. Could it be because this fruit is food, so it can't be replicated? Or is its material too special, exceeding the replication capabilities of this well? Lanu wondered to himself. He had previously copied books or ordinary items that had no energy, and all of them were successful. Lu thought about it and felt that the latter was more likely is a rare treasure that even Nith Hog praised. Its origin is extremely high, so it is understandable that replication failed. Oh, what a pity. Lanu sighed, his face filled with disappointment. The dream of instant success was shattered. It seems that we will have to honestly search for these rare and precious materials in the future. It's impossible to mass-produce them by replication. He retrieved the only dark source demon fruit from the well and carefully put it away. Since the replication plan had failed, Lyu turned his attention to another prize. He pulled out the mysterious black stone he had picked up from the circular stone chamber. A stone that even his six senses could not penetrate. He examined it over and over for a long time. But apart from discovering that it was exceptionally hard, he still couldn't figure out anything about it. Could it really just be an ordinary stone? Lana was somewhat skeptical. He placed the stone on the ground, then gripped the Hegny sword tightly and chopped down on the stone with all his might. Clang. A piercing clang of metal rang out. Sparks flying everywhere. Lanu felt a tremendous force of recoil coming from the sword. The shock made his hands go numb and he almost dropped the Hegny sword and that black stone was completely unharmed. Not even a scratch was left. Holy crap, it's so hard. Lana was truly shocked this time. It's important to know that the Hegny sword is a top tier artifact even Nidhog has certified. Cutting through iron like mud is nothing to it. And this stone was actually unharmed by the full force of the divine weapon. This is absolutely a treasure. Lanu was overjoyed and picked up the stone again to examine it more carefully. Just then, he inadvertently pressed his finger hard on a certain spot on the surface of the stone. Click. With a soft sound, the stone split open from the middle, revealing a neatly folded thin sheet of an unknown material. Lanu carefully unfolded the thin sheet. He found it covered with all sorts of messy lines and some strange symbols that he couldn't understand at all, just like a child's doodles. What? What the hell is this? Lanu studied it for a long time, but couldn't figure it out. The hope that had just been ignited in his heart was dowsed with cold water again. After all that, all that was hidden inside was this piece of scrap paper. Chapter 309, Sky City construction diagram. Just as he was about to throw away the graffiti in disappointment, an idea suddenly flashed through his mind. Wait a minute. Just because I don't understand it doesn't mean others don't understand it either. He thought of a learned person. The master of the everlasting silent castle, Hillen Kelster. With that thought in mind, Wu no longer hesitated. He first went to his library and moved a large stack of various books that he had previously promised to give to Helen. Then through that well, they arrived once again at that familiar Gothic castle, forever shrouded in darkness. You've arrived. A clear, melodious girl's voice came from the throne in the hall. Hen remained as black as ever, like a shadow, sitting there quietly, as if he had been waiting for a long time. I'll keep my promise. Lu put a large stack of books he was carrying on the ground. These are what I've collected recently. They should keep you occupied for a while. Upon seeing the pile of brand new books, a hint of joy seemed to flash in Helen's pure black eyes. With a gentle wave of her hand, the books flew to her and floated in the air. "Thank you." Her voice was still cool, but Lanu could hear a hint of gratitude in it. "You're welcome. It's just a transaction." Lanu waved his hand. Then, as if remembering something, took out the doodle from his pocket and handed it over. By the way, I'd like to ask you for a favor. Can you tell what's drawn on this? Helen took the thin sheet and looked at it. With just one glance, her eternally aloof expression faltered slightly. Interesting. She murmured softly. "You can understand it?" Lana was overjoyed and quickly asked. Hin nodded, pointing to the jumbled lines on the thin sheet and saying, "Yes, I can understand some of it. If I'm not mistaken, this should be a map." Map? Lanu's lips twitched. This garbled mess is actually a map. What a joke. However, what Helen said next completely shocked him. Hen's tone became serious. Moreover, this does not appear to be an ordinary map. Judging from the structure and labels above, this seems to be the internal structure diagram of some aerial city. The blueprints for a city in the sky. Upon hearing these words, Lan Yus heart skipped a beat, and his breathing became rapid. He never imagined that such a shocking secret was hidden in a broken stone that he had picked up by chance. As Helen watched, he said, "This map contains a lot of information and is very complex, including a large number of hidden passages and secret rooms. I need some time to analyze this carefully." "No problem," Lanu said without hesitation. "You can keep this for now and study it at your leisure." He knew he had truly struck gold this time. With this complete structural diagram, the sky city of Babylon will no longer hold any secrets for him. That nightmare king who thought he controlled everything will become a complete joke in his eyes. Next time you come, I should be able to give you the deciphered structural diagram. Helen said, "Okay, thank you very much." Lanu suppressed his joy and solemnly thanked Shilluan. After bidding farewell to Shilluan, Lanu left the mental world with a sense of satisfaction, and his consciousness returned to his physical body. Outside the stone chamber, the shadow force sandstorm continued its raging onslaught. But Lan Yu's mood was completely different from before. He now only hopes that this storm will pass quickly. He couldn't wait to test the power of that map. The shadow force sandstorm raged for longer than the nightmare king had anticipated. It took a full day and night for the devastating energy storm to gradually subside. When the shaking in the stone chamber completely stopped and the terrifying howling outside dissipated, Lanu opened his eyes from his meditative state. It finally stopped. The nightmare king's voice sounded somewhat helpless. Being trapped in this empty room for a whole day was also a torment for an old monster like him who was used to being free. Let's go. Lanu stood up, dusted himself off, and was the first to walk out of the stone chamber. The maze passage outside was in a mess with a thick layer of black gravel on the ground and fine scratches on the walls caused by the impact of high-speed energy particles. One can imagine that if they hadn't taken refuge in this special stone chamber in time, they would probably have been torn to pieces by the sandstorm by now. Next, let's go to the fourth level. The nightmare king controlled the corpse puppet and continued to lead the way. Having learned from his previous experience, Lyu didn't bother with his surroundings this time and simply followed the puppet through various hidden passages. Soon, they reached the end of the third level. It was a huge teleportation array almost identical to the one connecting the first and second levels. The two stepped into the magic circle one after the other. A flash of white light and the scene before them changed once again. The dark oppressive labyrinth disappeared, replaced by a dilapitated ruin shrouded in thick black fog. This is the fourth level of Sky City. The nightmare kings voice rang in Lonu's ears carrying a hint of barely perceptible semity. The incarnation of that guy, Eternal Knight, is on this floor. Can you sense his exact location? Wanu asked. Nightmare King shook his head. No. The black mist in this layer has a strong isolating effect, and my senses are also severely suppressed. I can only vaguely sense that his aura is nearby, but I cannot pinpoint his location. He paused, then continued. Moreover, I can sense that the aura of that avatar seems to be constantly moving. It must be searching for something. Lanu nodded, understanding dawning on his mind. The incarnation of the eternal knight king shares the same goal as them. The so-called supreme treasure. He's probably trying to get to the fifth floor right now. So, what do we do now? Wait for him here or go find him. Wanu asked. The nightmare king said without hesitation, try to find. We can't let him reach the fifth level before us. Otherwise, with that guardian there, plus a king incarnate, things will become very complicated. Okay. The two reached an agreement and began searching the ruins shrouded in black mist. The environment on the fourth floor is even worse than that on the third floor. The dense black fog not only severely restricted visibility, but also contained a strange power that could erode the shadow energy. Here, the power of any shadow technique will be greatly weakened, and even activating it becomes extremely difficult. At this level, physical strength becomes the key factor in determining the outcome of the battle. Lan Yu and the puppets controlled by the Nightmare King searched the vast ruins for nearly half an hour, but still found nothing. The aura of the Eternal Night King's avatar was like a fish in water, slippery and elusive, moving east and west, making it impossible to lock onto. "Damn, this guy is as slippery as an eel," Lanu couldn't help but mutter under his breath. Just as he was getting impatient, he saw a dilapitated temple that looked relatively well preserved not far ahead. A thought struck him and with a try it out mentality, he walked towards the temple. The temple gate was a jar. Without thinking twice, Lanu reached out and pushed open the heavy stone door. However, the moment the stone door was pushed open, Lanu suddenly stopped in his tracks. His gaze instantly turned strange. He saw a group of familiar faces in the temple's main hall. Chapter 3:10. It's as if I've seen the ending. It was the same group of people from the Eternal Night Pavilion that we had encountered in the maze before. At this moment, the people of the Eternal Night Pavilion were gathered in the center of the hall, seemingly studying something, completely unaware of Lanu at the door. The moment they heard the door open, everyone in the Eternal Night Pavilion turned around wearily. When they saw Lanu standing at the door, they were taken aback at first, and then an unfriendly look appeared on everyone's face, especially the green-haired youth who was in the lead. The moment he saw Lanu, his eyes flashed with undisguised hostility and greed. Huh? It's like finding a needle in a haststack, only to have it come to you effortlessly. The greenhaired youth let out a cold laugh, slowly stood up, and walked step by step toward Lanu. Kid, we meet again. His voice was cold and threatening. Lanu looked at him raising an eyebrow slightly. What a small world. He originally wanted to find the incarnation of the eternal night king. But instead of finding the real one, he ran into his group of lackeyis. What is it? Lanu asked calmly, his tone utterly indifferent. The greenhaired youth looked as if he had heard the funniest joke, and his expression became increasingly ferocious. "What's up, kid? Stop pretending." He pointed at Lanu and shouted sternly. Did you take all those dark source demon fruits from the second level? It took us a long time to find just one. Hearing this, Lu understood. It turns out that the one I was missing was taken by the people from the eternal night pavilion in front of me. The greenhaired youth gritted his teeth in hatred and continued. Later, we found out that you were the only one who had been in that area before we went there. Speak. Did you take our fruit? He approached Lanu step by step, emanating a powerful sense of oppression. Lanu did not deny it, but instead asked in a calm tone, "If I say yes, are you planning to take it back?" Lu's seemingly casual yet provocative question instantly brought the atmosphere in the temple to a freezing point. Everyone in the eternal night pavilion stopped what they were doing and stared at Lan Yu with undisguised killing intent in their eyes. The greenhaired youth was so enraged by Lan Yus arrogant attitude that his face turned ashen and veins bulged on his forehead. Rob. He laughed in anger, looking at Lanu with the eyes of someone looking at a dead man. Kid, you think too highly of yourself. Just then, a tall member of the eternal night pavilion stepped forward from behind the greenhaired youth and arrogantly shouted at Lanu. It's not robbery. It's for you to offer his tribute to our young master. For an unknown nobody like you to be able to present treasures to our young master is the greatest honor of your life. Understand? However, he hadn't finished speaking. Bang! A dull, loud bang, like a heavy hammer striking a drum, suddenly resounded throughout the hall. A black after image flashed by and disappeared in the blink of an eye. The next second, the member of the Eternal Night Pavilion, who was still shouting. It was as if he had been hit head-on by a charging rhinoceros, and his body flew backward at an exaggerated angle. Boom! His heavy body slammed into the temple wall, cracking the hardstone wall with a spiderweb like pattern. He then slid to the ground like a lump of mud, spitting out blood. It was clear he was not going to survive. The whole process was incredibly fast. Almost everyone present, including the greenhaired youth at the sevenstar level, was completely caught off guard. They didn't even see how Lu moved. The hall fell into a deathly silence only after the member's body slid to the ground. Everyone stared in disbelief at Lan Yu, who stood rooted to the spot. Then at the mangled, unrecognizable mass of flesh and blood in the corner, their faces filled with utter shock and horror. You, a member of the Eternal Knight Pavilion, pointed at Lan Yu, his voice trembling with fear. They couldn't understand why this seemingly ordinary guy would resort to deadly attacks without warning, and why his strength was so terrifying. That's a genuine highle sevenstar shadow master. He He was actually defeated in one punch. Lan Yu slowly withdrew his fist, not even bothering to glance at the dead man's body as if he had merely swatted a fly. He raised his head, his icy gaze sweeping over all the horrified members of the eternal night pavilion and said calmly, "I hate it when people talk nonsense in front of me." "You, you're asking for it." Only at this moment did the greenhaired youth finally recover from his shock. His eyes instantly turned blood red and his face was filled with boundless rage and murderous intent. Kill his men right in front of him. This was a blatant slap in the face. It was the greatest humiliation he had ever suffered in his life. The greenhaired youth let out a beast-like roar, and the shadow energy within his body suddenly erupted. However, in this fourth layer filled with black mist, the circulation of shadow energy was greatly restricted. The forces he can mobilize are less than half of what they usually have. But he didn't care at all because his strongest skill has never been shadow techniques. Roar with a low growl. The greenhaired youth s body began to undergo strange changes. His body swelled and grew taller at a visible speed and a layer of fine black scales appeared on his skin. Even more shockingly, two more pairs of arms actually grew out of his back. Three heads and six arms. The shadow transformation ability brought about by the special shadow spirit he contracted in this fourth level where shadow techniques are severely suppressed. A powerful physical body is the only way to succeed. He has absolute confidence in his physical strength. He believed that his three-headed sixarmed shadow form alone would be enough to tear this arrogant brat in front of him to pieces. Die. The greenhaired youth roared. His six thick arms clenched into fists at the same time like six cannonballs fired from a gun, bringing a terrifying force that tore through the air and blasted towards Lan Yu from all directions. He could almost see Lanu being blasted into a pile of minced meat by him. However, Lan Yus face remained completely calm in the face of this devastating attack. He didn't even try to dodge. He just stood there quietly looking at the green-haired youth who rushed in front of him with the eyes of someone looking at a clown. buzz. An aura far more terrifying and doineering than that of the greenhaired youth suddenly erupted from Lanu's body. The pitch black chaotic power mixed with the shadow energy and rapidly condensed on his body. In the blink of an eye, a set of grotesque black demonic armor full of destructive beauty enveloped his entire body. King's demon armor. The demonic armor was activated. Lu's strength, speed, and defense all doubled. He slowly raised his right hand and made a fist. Then he casually met the six fists that were already within reach. It was just a simple punch. There were no fancy techniques, no earthshattering fanfare. Yes, it is simply the purest and most extreme power. The next second, the two forces collided with a deafening roar. Snap! A series of teeth grinding, cracking sounds as dense as popping beans suddenly rang out. To everyone's utter astonishment, that arrogant, green-haired youth, who was absolutely confident in his own body, his six iron fists, powerful enough to split mountains and shatter rocks, shattered like fragile glass the moment they made contact with Lan Yus fist. Chapter 311. The liquidation of the kings incarnation. Immediately afterwards, Lanu's unstoppable fist slammed heavily into his chest. Puff! The greenhaired youth felt an irresistible terrifying force instantly destroy all the life force within him. His once proud and powerful physique proved as fragile as paper in the face of that punch. He fell heavily to the ground, his eyes wide open, a trace of disbelief still lingering in them. Why? Why is it that when it's a physical contest, the difference between me and my opponent is so great? What he didn't know was that when he first entered Sky City, his physical strength might have been able to go toe-to-toe with Luus. But now, in front of Lan Yu, who has swallowed multiple Dark Source demon fruits and activated the monarch demon armor, he's no longer even worthy of carrying my shoes. Just as Lu was about to step forward and deliver the final blow to the air to the throne, a chilling, arrogant aura filled with boundless killing intent suddenly emanated from the greenhaired youth s shadow. The next second, an excessively handsome man slowly emerged from the shadows. It is the incarnation of the eternal night king. He stared intently at Lanu, who was clad in black demonic armor, his narrow phoenix-shaped eyes burning with a hatred that could consume everything. Although Lan Yu used the thousand faces mask to change his appearance and aura, but he will never forget this unique king's demon armor. So it was you. The voice of the eternal knight king's avatar seemed to be squeezed out from between his teeth, "You've got the path to heaven, but choose the path to hell." He ignored his trembling subordinates and said coldly to them, "Take these treasures and head back first." As he spoke, he waved his hand and a teleportation array appeared out of thin air. The severely injured heir to the throne and the surviving members of the eternal night pavilion along with some of the spoils they had found were teleported away. He wanted to personally torture and kill this brat who had brought him such humiliation right here and now. Lana didn't have time to stop it because his goal from beginning to end has only been one. That's the one right in front of you. The embodiment of a king. Just when the atmosphere between the two was extremely tense and a major battle was about to break out. A laugh tinged with a hint of frivvality and amusement suddenly rang out in the temple. Oh dear, isn't this Ya's all the count? How come he's doing so badly, unable to even protect his subordinates? The next second, the nightmare kings semi-transparent figure appeared silently beside Lanu. When the nightmare king appeared and uttered that flippant remark, the temperature in the entire temple seemed to drop several degrees suddenly. The gaze of the eternal night king abruptly shifted from Lanu and fixed firmly on the suddenly appearing semi-transparent shadow spirit. His pupils suddenly contracted, and for the first time, a solemn expression appeared on his incomparably handsome face. Although the other party's aura was very weak, or even almost non-existent. The eternal night king could smell an extremely ancient and dangerous scent emanating from the other party that made his soul tremble. The feeling was like a house cat suddenly encountering a prehistoric saber-tooththed tiger lurking in the grass in its own backyard. "Who are you?" the avatar of the eternal night king asked in a deep voice, his tone filled with vigilance. The nightmare king chuckled, looking at the eternal night king with the eyes of someone looking at a junior and slowly said, "I just an old guy stuck here about to rot away." His arrogant and condescending attitude infuriated the already proud and arrogant king of knight. You cowardly rat, hiding your head and tail, dare to be so insolent before me." The Night King snorted coldly and said, "No more." Although he couldn't see through the other party's true strength, he had absolute confidence in his own abilities as a king. Even if it is just an avatar, its strength is infinitely close to that of a ninestar being, enough to crush the vast majority of living beings in this world. In his view, the shadow soul in front of him, who was pretending to be profound, was at most a relatively strong eight-star peak and was not worth fearing at all. Since you're courting death, then I'll send you on your way first. As soon as he finished speaking, the figure of the eternal night king became blurry. It transformed into a black lightning bolt and hurdled straight towards the nightmare king. He didn't even use any shadow techniques. He simply slashed out with his claw. But this simple claw strike contains the power of laws. Wherever the claw-like wind passed, space itself distorted as if it were about to be torn apart. Faced with this fatal blow that could instantly kill any eightstar powerhouse, Nightmare King remained standing still without moving an inch. His translucent face even carried a hint of amusement as if he were watching a good show. Just a moment before the Night King's claws were about to touch him, Nightmare King lazily raised his right hand and lightly pointed forward. Certainly, a single light word escaped his lips. The next second, something happened that shocked both Lon Yu and the Eternal Night King. That unstoppable black lightning bolt, which seemed to tear everything apart, suddenly and abruptly froze in midair without any warning. The avatar of the eternal knight king remained in a forward-leaning posture. The ferocity and killing intent on his face still lingering, but his body was like a movie scene that had been paused, unable to move at all. Time seemed to stand still at this moment. What? What? What's going on? A monstrous wave surged within the heart of the eternal night king. Although his body cannot move, his mind can still function. He could clearly feel that a primordial power far superior to himself and far more ancient was like an invisible shackle, completely imprisoning him in the space around him. Faced with this power, his kingly power, which he was so proud of, was as insignificant as a firefly compared to the bright moon. How is this possible? How could this seemingly ordinary shadow soul possibly use it? The Night King roared madly in his heart, and for the first time, true fear appeared on his face. "Impossible! Who are you?" The Nightmare King, as if doing something insignificant, slowly walked up to the eternal Night King, who was imprisoned in midair and gently flicked his handsome face with his finger. Tsk tsk tsk. Young people these days are getting more and more rude. He shook his head and said in a tone full of disappointment. Even a simple trick like incarnation is played so crudely. Do you know what? The avatar technique you're using now was something I created when I was bored back then to save the lives of my underlings. I never imagined that after so many years, this trick would become a tool for you younger monarchs to put on heirs. The nightmare king's voice wasn't loud, but every word was like a heavy hammer blow striking the eternal night king's heart. The art of incarnation, he created it. Chapter 312. Best strategy. An absurd idea like a bolt of lightning suddenly exploded in the mind of the eternal knight king. He recalled an ancient legend that had been passed down in the film industry for countless years. The original seven were supreme beings who stood at top the ruins after the end of the mythological era and ushered in the era of kings. His pupils suddenly shrank to the size of pinpoints and he stared intently at the shadow soul with a ghostly gaze. That ancient aura that sent shivers down his spine. That terrifying pressure that transcends all laws. And then there's that name long since vanished from the annals of history, yet still feared by every monarch. Could it be? Could it be that you are? The voice of the eternal knight king trembled violently with extreme fear. However, the nightmare king did not give him a chance to finish speaking, trying to act like an avatar in front of me. The founder is just asking for trouble. The smile on the nightmare king's face slowly faded, replaced by a chilling coldness. He slowly raised his hand and a faint black lit up at the tip of his index finger. The consequence of trying to teach someone a lesson is being utterly destroyed. The moment the words fell, he placed his fingertip on the forehead of the avatar of the Night King. There was no earth shattering explosion, nor any devastating energy fluctuations. The moment that Black came into contact with the avatar of the eternal night king, it spread wildly like a maggot clinging to a bone. Ah, a scream so shrill it was inhuman came out for the first time from the mouth of this proud king. In just a few seconds, the powerful avatar that the eternal knight king had condensed by expending a great deal of his primal power shattered and disappeared inch by inch, leaving not even a trace of ash behind. The embodiment of a great monarch has thus fallen completely. Lanu stood aside watching this scene unfold from beginning to end. He was so shocked that he couldn't speak. Sold out instantly. A true instant kill. The incarnation of the eternal night king whom he considered invincible and who had even driven him to the brink of despair. Before this old monster, they didn't even have the slightest power to resist. Like a lamb waiting to be slaughtered, easily annihilated. Is this the power of the first monarch? An unprecedented storm raged in Lan Yus heart. For the first time, he gained the most direct and profound understanding of the power of a monarch. All right, the flies are taken care of. The nightmare king clapped his hands as if he had done something insignificant, then turned to look at Lanu, who was still in shock, and said with a smile, "So now you believe in my abilities, right?" Lanu took a deep breath, forcibly suppressing the shock in his heart, and nodded. It wasn't just belief. It completely shattered his worldview. Lanu finally asked the question that had been nagging at him. Why are you trapped here? Given the strength this guy has shown, even if he's just a remnant soul, he absolutely shouldn't have been trapped in a mere sky city for tens of thousands of years. Upon hearing this question, the nightmare king's smile faded slightly, and a complex emotion flashed in his eyes. He remained silent for a moment before slowly speaking. Because of some old stories after I perished, only a wisp of my soul remained. I barely survive by relying on a trace of divine power left in this sky city. But at the same time, I am also bound here by this force and cannot leave. As he spoke, he looked at Lanu and his expression became sincere again. Therefore, I desire that supreme treasure more than anyone else. Only with its power can I have the chance to break free from my shackles and regain my freedom. From this point of view, our interests are completely aligned. So, you can rest assured that I will absolutely not cheat you before we obtain the treasure. The nightmare king's explanation sounds reasonable. But Lanu caught a glimpse of something a miss from the change in his eyes just a moment ago. This guy is definitely hiding something from me. However, Lu did not press the matter further. He knew that now was not the time to completely break off relations. Let's go to the fifth floor, Lanu said calmly. Good. The nightmare king smiled and nodded, and the two walked side by side into the depths of the temple. One harbored ulterior motives. The other was full of suspicion. How long can this fragile alliance last in the face of absolute interests. After passing through the dilapitated temple, Lan Yu and the nightmare king quickly found the teleportation array leading to the fifth floor. A familiar white light flashed by. The two finally arrived at their ultimate destination, the fifth level of the sky city of Babylon. The moment I stepped out of the teleportation array, an ancient, sacred, and oppressive aura rushed towards me. Lanu looked up and found himself in an incredibly magnificent, enormous circular hall. The dome of the hall is so high that its top is invisible, and a dazzling light like a galaxy flows across it, illuminating the entire hall as bright as day. The ground was paved with smooth mirror-like white jade, and towering pillars with intricate carvings stood all around. The entire hall was empty and quiet, filled with a solemn and dignified atmosphere. In the very center of the hall, on an ancient yet magnificent stone base, the exquisite treasure box made of an unknown crystal which Lu had seen once on the second floor was quietly floating there. It is that so-called supreme treasure. Unlike the second level, this time a figure stood quietly in front of the treasure box. A majestic humanoid knight nearly 3 m tall, completely clad in a heavy and ornate black armor. It was that terrifying guardian who killed dozens of powerful figures in a single move. It stands there like an unchanging statue, silently guarding the place, radiating a terrifying pressure like a landslide or tsunami. The moment L you saw the guardian, his pupils contracted sharply and all the muscles in his body tensed up involuntarily. Even though they had already witnessed the nightmare king's terrifying power that crushed everything. But facing this guardian who had once threatened his life again, he still felt immense pressure. Take it easy. Just then, the nightmare king's relaxed and carefree voice rang out beside him. This guy may look intimidating, but he's actually just a dim-witted lump of iron with weaknesses. Weakness. Lanu looked at him with some confusion. That's right. Nightmare King nodded and began to explain to Lanu in detail. This guardian was created by a Zazelle using his divine power combined with the power of the laws of the sky city. Its strength is not fixed. Its strength depends on the number and ability of its challengers. The nightmare king pointed at the black armored knight and slowly said, "Simply put, the more people challenge it and the stronger they are, the stronger its power will be. Do you remember when we were on the second floor? Dozens of reckless guys rushed up there, including several seven stars. Therefore, the guardians were instantly unleashed with terrifying power surpassing that of nine stars, and they were all wiped out in a single move. Upon hearing this, Lanu suddenly realized what was going on. No wonder, no wonder the guardian was so powerful. It turns out there were just too many challengers. The nightmare king continued. Therefore, the best way to deal with this guy is to fight him one-on-one. Chapter 313. Kid, it's your turn. Its strength will only be suppressed to its lowest level when challenged by a single person. What is the minimum level? Lu pressed. Around the peak of the eighth star, Nightmare King gave a number that made Lan Yus heart sink, seemingly sensing Lan Yus concerns, the Nightmare King chuckled softly. Wait, I haven't finished speaking yet. Although its strength is suppressed to eight stars in a one-on-one fight, it still retains its most troublesome trump card. It's the move you saw on the second floor called Divine Sword. Eight mountains suppressing prison. The nightmare king's voice turned serious. The power of that move has already touched the threshold of the divine realm containing a trace of true law power. Don't even mention you. Even a true Ninstar expert would be severely injured and on the verge of death if he took a single blow. Upon hearing this, Lan Yus expression turned even more unpleasant. Doesn't this still mean we can't fight? An eight-star opponent with a powerful move that can instantly kill a n-star opponent. This is simply an unsolvable situation. Nightmare Lord abruptly changed the subject. A sly smile playing on his lips. But that move, though terrifying, has a fatal limitation. What restrictions? Lan Yus eyes lit up instantly. The Nightmare King spoke slowly and deliberately. limited attempts. That level of secret technique consumes an enormous amount of energy from the guardian with each use. Based on my observations over the past few thousand years, the core shadow power within its body is only enough for it to use divine sword. Eight mountains suppressing prison nine times in a row at most. After nine uses, it must return to the core area of the base to replenish its energy before it can be used again. Upon hearing this, a flash of inspiration struck Lu. He already understands the Nightmare King's plan. You mean? That's right. The Nightmare King snapped his fingers with a smile. My plan is simple. I'll take care of the attrition, and you'll take care of the cleanup. I will keep sending out clones or controlling puppets to attack it, forcing it to use up all nine of its ultimate moves. Once it runs out of energy and turns into a lump of iron that can only be chopped with a flatb blade, it'll be your turn. The nightmare king looked at Lan Yu, his eyes filled with confidence. By then, you should be able to handle an eight-star opponent without their ultimate move, right? This plan sounds flawless. First, use cannon fodder to wear down the opponent's strongest trump card and then let the main force go in to finish them off. Although it is simple and crude, it is exceptionally effective. Lanu calmly analyzed. There's one more question. Since the guardian strength changes according to the challenger's strength, when I challenge it, won't it still be at the peak of eight stars? I'm only a six-star. Even if it doesn't have its ultimate move, it'll be hard to beat it in a head-on fight, right? The nightmare king nodded approvingly. Good question. That's why I said you're the best candidate. Because the Guardians judge the strength of a challenger based on their own shadow power rank. Although your combat power far exceeds that of others of the same rank, your essence is still only a six-star shadow master. Therefore, when you challenge it alone, its strength will be forcibly suppressed by the power of the laws to the early stage of the eighth star. With your freakish combat power, you should be fine. Lu was making plans. Early stage of eight stars. If that's the case, then this battle has great potential. Okay, let's do it this way. Lanu agreed without hesitation. Very good. The nightmare king nodded in satisfaction. Then step back and watch my performance. As he spoke, his translucent body began to split apart. 1 2 3. In the blink of an eye, more than a dozen shadow clones that looked exactly like him appeared in the hall. Go, my children. The nightmare king elegantly waved his hand, issuing the order to attack. The dozen or so shadow soul clones let out a silent roar, transforming into streaks of black light that charged fearlessly towards the black armored knight in the center of the hall from all directions. The guardian, who had remained as still as a statue throughout, finally moved. The moment he sensed the enemy's presence, it slowly raised its head. The pitch black mask, two pale white ghost flames, suddenly lit up. Lu retreated to the edge of the hall, activated his six senses, and carefully observed the impending battle. He thought to himself, "This nightmare king is indeed incredibly resourceful and unfathomable. This ability to create infinite clones alone is enough to give most powerful individuals a headache. Just as he was pondering, the first shadow soul clone rushed in front of the guardian, condensing into a jet black energy claw and fiercely grabbed at the guardians helmet. However, the guardian simply raised his hand casually. A jet black knight's long sword appeared out of thin air. Then, with a gentle wave, whoosh! A flash of sword light. The shadow clone along with the two other clones behind it was instantly cut in half at the waist and turned into nothingness. Black mist rushed in from other directions fearlessly. The guardians seemed to be annoyed by the swarm of unkillable flies. Its pair of pale white willow. The wisps suddenly leaped. The next second, the black long sword in its hand flew out and split into eight pieces in midair. They're here. Lanu's pupils suddenly contracted. He saw that the eight long swords began to expand and grow wildly. And in the blink of an eye, they turned into eight towering black mountains that blotted out the sky. Divine sword, eight mountains suppressing prison. Rumble. Eight massive black mountains crashed down, completely crushing all the remaining shadow soul clones along with most of the hall's floor into dust. After the attack, only eight terrifying bottomless craters remained inside the hall. The Nightmare King's true form, however, had a slightly pale face, clearly indicating that the attack had not been entirely without its effects on him. Once he counted in a low voice, then he split into more than a dozen clones and launched another suicidal attack. And so it went, once, twice, three times. The Nightmare King continuously used his clones to deplete the Guardians ultimate ability. The entire magnificent hall was ravaged and left in ruins by repeated destruction and rebirth. Lanu watched quietly from afar, his heart filled with awe. He finally understood why the nightmare king said that only he could do this. Such a war of attrition, regardless of cost, is something that only an old monster like him, who possesses soul crystals and can infinitely create clones, could do. No one else could possibly do it. Finally, after the nightmare king's ninth clone was crushed to ashes by the divine sword, eight mountains suppressing prison, unleashing that devastating sword strike, the black armored knight's aura noticeably weakened. It stood quietly in place, making no further movement. We succeeded. The nightmare king's voice was filled with exhaustion, but even more so with excitement. Its energy is exhausted. Kid, it's your turn. Chapter 3:14. Given time, he will surely become a king. Is it my turn? Lanu took a deep breath, stepped out from the edge of the hall, and walked step by step toward the black armored knight, standing silently in the center of the giant pit. His eyes were more focused and calm than ever before. Boy, remember my words. The nightmare king's weak but urgent voice echoed in his mind. Although this guardian no longer has its ultimate move, it is itself composed of the power of laws and can absorb the vast majority of shadow energy and shadow technique attacks. So don't bother with any fancy shadow techniques. It's useless. You'll just be giving it more energy. Fight it with your purest physical strength. Use your fists, use your sword, and smash it to pieces. No, Lu responded calmly without pausing in his steps. Hand-to- hand combat. That suits me perfectly. After consuming multiple dark source demon fruits, what he is most confident about now is his physical body, which has become abnormally powerful. The moment Lanu stepped into the guardians 100 m range, the black armored knight, who had been standing still, seemed to sense something and slowly turned around. Those eyes, burning with a pale, ghostly flame, were fixed intently on Lan Yu. Buzz, an invisible force of law descended from the sky and enveloped the guardian. Under Lanu's mind's eye insight, he could clearly see that the terrifying energy within the guardian's body, originally comparable to the peak of the eight-star level, was being forcibly suppressed and weakened by a higher level force. In the end, it steadily remained at the early stage of the eight-star level. The information about the nightmare king was absolutely correct. Seeing this, Lanu's last shred of concern vanished completely. Instead, a fighting spirit burned fiercely like a volcanic eruption. Lanu suddenly exerted force with his feet. Boom! Divine sword technique. Instant shadow flash. Lan Yus figure appeared before the guardians like a ghost. The Hegny sword in his hand traced a dark arc in midair before piercing straight into the guardians chest. However, just as the tip of the sword was about to touch the heavy black armor. Suddenly, Nidhog's slightly lazy voice echoed in Lanu's mind. Kid, don't stab there. It won't work. Use your inner eye to look at the area 3 in below its left scapula. Lanu's mind jolted almost instinctively. At the critical moment, he forcefully twisted his wrist. Mind's eye activated. In his vision, the entire world instantly lost its color, turning into a black and white picture composed of countless lines and energy flows. The guardian's towering figure became transparent in his eyes, and its complex energy circuits and structure were clearly visible. 3 in below its left scapula, a tiny, almost negligible spiderweb-like crack appeared in Lanu's field of vision. Found it. Weakness. A brilliant light flashed in Lu's eyes. He instantly understood what Nidth Hog meant. This crack is probably the only flaw in this seemingly perfect guardian armor. Perhaps because it has existed for too long. Even with the constant repair by the power of shadow, it still suffered some irreparable wear and tear under the erosion of time. This flaw was something that even the nightmare king who had been observing for tens of thousands of years had not noticed. This is it. Lanu roared inwardly, pouring all his strength, the terrifying power enhanced by the combined power of the kings body and the king's demon armor into the hegny sword in his hand without reservation. The sword in his hand seemed to sense its master's determination and emitted a clear resonant hum. On the jet black sword blade, ancient and mysterious dark gold patterns suddenly lit up. A soft sound like a sharp blade piercing leather rang out. In the distance, the nightmare king, who had just condensed a new clone and was preparing to watch the show, was met with astonishment. Lonu's Hegny sword pierced the guardians indestructible black armor with perfect accuracy and without any resistance. It went straight down to the handle. The entire temple fell into a deathly silence. At that moment, time seemed to have been paused. The guardians tall body stiffened abruptly. It slowly lowered its head, looking at the black long sword that had pierced its core. The next second, crack. A crisp cracking sound rang out from where the sword tip had pierced the target. Immediately afterwards, the tiny crack like a spiderweb spread rapidly and visibly across the guardian's entire body. Snap. Snap. Snap. A series of dense cracking sounds rang out. Final boom. With a deafening roar, the Guardians tall and imposing body exploded into pieces. It turned into countless black fragments, falling like a black downpour. One strike. Just one strike. That terrifying guardian whose strength reached the peak of the eighth star and who possessed an immortal body, leaving even the nightmare king helpless, was completely annihilated by Lon Yu's sword. When the last fragment fell to the ground, it dissipated as pure shadow energy. The entire temple returned to peace once more. Black-haired youth, wielding a black sword and standing silently in the center of the temple, his body covered in ferocious demonic armor, remained. And in the distance, there was the nightmare king, completely petrified, his face filled with disbelief. The nightmare king opened his mouth, but found that he couldn't utter a single word. His mind was completely blank from the unbelievable scene before him. It's over. That's it. Over? He originally thought that even if he exhausted the guardians nine ultimate moves, no matter how abnormal Lawn's strength was, facing an iron lump at the peak of the eightstar level, one would have to go through a tough battle and even pay a considerable price to have any chance of defeating it. But he never dreamed of this. Lu actually used only one sword strike. How did he find that weakness that even he himself was unaware of? Countless questions flooded into the nightmare king's mind like a tidal wave, making him feel as if his very soul was trembling. He looked at Lan Yu in the distance, who was slowly putting away his demonic armor and whose figure had become ordinary again. For the first time, a trace of fear from the bottom of his heart was revealed in his elucory eyes. This kid, he's terrifying. His strength, his composure, his insight, and the endless stream of mysterious trump cards he possesses. If a thought uncontrollably surfaced in the nightmare king's mind, if this kid is a member of the shadow clan, given time, he will probably become a supreme king who can rival or even surpass that black flame guy. Chapter 3:15. You can go die. He took a deep breath, forcibly suppressing the turmoil in his heart. A smile reappeared on her face as she slowly floated towards Lanu. Well done. Time to collect our spoils. The two arrived in front of the base and looked up at the supreme treasure that was suspended in midair. As agreed, the nightmare king said, "I need your sword and your blood." Lana nodded without hesitation, traced the tip of the Hegny sword across his palm. Bright red blood immediately gushed out. He slowly placed his bleeding hand on the cold stone base. At the same time, he inserted the Hegny sword in his hand into an inconspicuous groove at the top of the base. Buzz. The instant lawn used blood and a Hegny sword simultaneously touched the base. The entire base suddenly burst forth with a dazzling golden light. Countless ancient and mysterious runes lit up from the surface of the base, flowing and rising rapidly like living things, and finally all flowed into the crystal treasure box above. Click, click, accompanied by a series of crisp cracking sounds. Fine cracks began to appear on the surface of the magnificent crystal box. Finally, to the delight of the two, it shattered completely with a deafening crash. The blinding light caused both Lon Yu and the Nightmare King to squint instinctively. When the light faded, they saw three fist-sized energy spheres, each radiating a soft glow, floating quietly in midair. Inside each sphere of light, there seemed to be a vast world filled with the essence of loss. This is the supreme treasure. Three items. Not bad luck. The nightmare king looked at the three orbs of light and a satisfied smile appeared on his face. He turned to look at Lan Yu and said in a very generous manner, "According to our previous agreement, if there is an odd number, the extra one is yours. How about you choose two of these three treasures, and I'll choose one." His attitude seemed extremely sincere, as if he genuinely intended to share these treasures enough to drive the entire world crazy with Lan Yu. But in Lan Yus heart, alarm bells were ringing loudly at this moment. Something unusual must be going on. The more generous this guy acts, the deeper his scheming is. However, Lanu remained expressionless, simply nodding slightly. Sure, you choose first. He he. Okay, then I won't be polite. The nightmare king smiled and pointed to the leftmost orb of light. I'll take this one. As he spoke, he stepped forward to take it. However, just as his hand was about to touch the sphere of light, it was bounced back by an invisible energy barrier. H nightmare king frowned. It seems this treasure isn't so easy to obtain. He seemed to be talking to himself, yet also explaining to Lanu. He studied it for a moment, then said to Lan Yu, "To open this energy shield and retrieve the treasures inside, we need to inject shadow power into it. Moreover, this energy shield seems to have a time limit. If we don't open it soon, the treasures inside will probably be sucked back in quickly, and it will be troublesome to retrieve them then." As he spoke, he looked at Lan Yu with a caring smile on his face. "Okay, I'll go first and show you." After saying that, he placed his palm on the energy shield of the leftmost orb of light and began to frantically pour his shadow power into it. Lanu watched coldly from the sidelines, activating his mind's eye to its fullest extent, carefully observing every movement of the Nightmare King and the energy changes of the light sphere. He saw that as the Nightmare King's shadow power was injected, the protective shield of the light sphere was indeed thinning at a visible rate. At the same time, he could also sense that the Nightmare King's own aura was rapidly weakening. Clearly, opening this shield was a huge drain on him. A few minutes later, with a soft pop, the shield of the leftmost orb of light finally shattered. The treasures inside transformed into a stream of light and instantly merged into the nightmare king's body. He let out a long sigh of relief, then immediately withdrew and retreated to a safe distance of over a 100 meters, where he sat down cross-legged as if to immediately digest the treasure he had just obtained. "All right, kid. It's your turn." He shouted at Lan Yu. "Hurry up. Don't doawtle or the treasure will disappear." His face still wore that warm smile. And his tone was so sincere that it seemed he was truly thinking of Lan Yus best interests, afraid that he might miss out on an opportunity. Wanu looked at him, then at the remaining two orbs of light, and the unease in his heart grew stronger. Something fishy is going on. There's definitely something fishy going on. Lanu couldn't figure it out for a moment. The light from the two orbs was dimming at a visible speed, seemingly just as the nightmare king had said, and they could disappear at any moment. Lu gritted his teeth and finally decided to take action. Fortune favors the bolt. He stepped forward, placed his palm on the central sphere of light, and began frantically channeling his shadow power into it. The moment his palm touched the sphere of light, a terrifying suction force emanated from it. The shadow energy within his body was being frantically drained away like a flood bursting its banks. At the same time, he finally saw the treasure inside the sphere of light. That wasn't a physical thing at all, but rather an incredibly complex and profound flow of information. Information about swordsmanship. Divine sword technique. Divine sword. Eight mountains suppressing prison. Lanu's pupils suddenly contracted. This was actually the ultimate sword technique used by that guardian. A technique capable of destroying the heavens and the earth. Moreover, this sword technique seems to have been tailorade for the Hegny sword. As many of the profound laws and principles it contains are from the same source as the Hegny sword. If I could learn this trick. Lan Yus heart began to pound uncontrollably. However, this divine sword technique is far too obscure and difficult to understand. The profound principles it contains are far beyond Lanu's current comprehension. Even with his monstrous talent, after fully absorbing this stream of information, he only understood less than 10%. To fully master it, it will probably require a long period of research and comprehension. He glanced at the nightmare king who was resting with his eyes closed in the distance. Then looked at the last ball of light that had already dimmed, gritted his teeth, and placed his hand on it again. The absorption of the second orb of light also drew away a massive amount of his shadow energy. Fortunately, Lu's internal organs had enough airways. It doesn't have much of an impact. As for the second orb of light, it is also a sword technique exclusive to the sword of Hegny. Lu glanced at it briefly. It was titled divine sword infernal purgatory. It must be on par with the divine sword eight mountain suppressing prison. Both being top tier divine sword techniques, so it can't be much worse. Just after Lanu completely absorbed the second ball of light. The nightmare king, who had been sitting cross-legged in the distance, slowly stood up. He walked up step by step. The warm smile on his face vanished without a trace. Instead, there was an undisguised, naked greed and murderous intent. Kid, he spoke, his voice and cold, completely devoid of any of its previous warmth. Are you satisfied with those two treasures? Lanu didn't speak, but just looked at him silently, his eyes calm as still water. He wanted to see what tricks this old monster was up to. As Nightmare King looked at Lan Yus forced composure, his smile grew increasingly sinister and smug, absorbing two light orbs at once. Even if your shadow energy far exceeds that of others of the same level, the shadow energy within your body now. He drawled out his words, staring at Lanu with a teasing look like a cat playing with a mouse. There shouldn't be a single drop left, right? He he, you've really worked hard to reward you for your hard work. I will send you on your way. The moment he finished speaking, his elucory body suddenly unleashed a tremendous burst of shadow power. The atmosphere in the entire hall instantly plummeted to freezing point. That undisguised killing intent was like a real cold wind, making one's skin sting. The true intentions are revealed when the truth is finally revealed. That old bastard has finally shown his fangs. The nightmare king looked at Lanu, stretched out a hand, and his eyes were filled with greed that was almost overflowing. Hand over the Hegny sword and all the secrets you hold. Then you can die. Chapter 3:16. the flame of the underworld. The nightmare king's calculations were in full swing. This plan had been conceived in his mind from the moment he proposed the collaboration. He had long studied the energy sphere that this supreme treasure had transformed into. What seemed like an incredible opportunity was actually a huge shadow force pump. To open the energy shield and absorb the treasures inside, one must inject a massive amount of one's own shadow power. He absorbed just one ball of light and most of his immense shadow power was drained away. At this moment, he felt his soul was somewhat unstable. Lan Yu, a mere six-star shadow master, greedily absorbed two in succession. In his view, Lan Yus body at this moment was just an empty shell that had been completely drained. Let alone fighting, they'd probably have trouble even standing up. The Nightmare King's smile grew increasingly distorted. The elucory body suddenly unleashed a torrent of shadow power. It transformed into a gigantic sky-covering demonic claw and fiercely clawed down towards Lan Yus head. At the same time, the corpse puppet he had been controlling to lead the way suddenly darted out from the corner of the hall, blocking all of Lan Yus escape routes from behind. Countless eerie runes on the floor and walls of the entire hall lit up instantly. A massive barrier was formed, completely sealing off this space. This was a trap he had set up long ago so that Lonu would not have any chance to escape. Hand over the Hegny sword and all the secrets you hold. Then you can go die. The nightmare king's roar echoed within the barrier, filled with the arrogance and triumph of someone who was certain of victory. He could almost see Lanu being crushed into dust by the ghost claws and the legendary artifact falling into his own hands. However, Lan Yus reaction to this seemingly hopeless situation was completely unexpected. There was no panic, no fear, not even the slightest surprise. Lan Yu slowly raised his head, and a ripple finally appeared in his calm, still eyes. Golden light surged out from his body without warning, enveloping his entire body. 10 magnificent wings made of pure light suddenly unfurled behind him, radiating boundless light. Wings of the holy dragon. Immediately afterwards, a magnificent splendid golden cathedral phantom composed entirely of light slowly emerged behind him. The melodious hymns once again echoed throughout the entire hall. Six senses technique temple gospel. That divine radiance capable of purifying all things, swept out in all directions like a flood bursting its banks. When that familiar golden light shines again. When the magnificent phantom of the church reappears once more. When the melodious hymn echoed once again within the hall. The nightmare kings expression froze completely. No. Impossible. How come this kid also has shadow powers? However, Lyu did not give him much time to think. The golden light powerful enough to purify all evil spirits swept across the entire barrier in an instant like a raging torrent. Sizzle. The enormous ghostly claw formed from his overwhelming shadow power melted away the moment it touched the holy light ice and snow meeting the scorching sun. Within a mere second, it completely transformed into nothingness and dissipated into the air. The corpse puppet that attacked from behind was even more vulnerable. Under the holy light, its resilient body couldn't even withstand it for a moment. It was completely purified from the inside out, leaving not a trace of ash behind. Even the protective runes he had placed throughout the entire hall to seal off the space were shattered and extinguished one after another under the holy light. Just one move, his seemingly foolproof trap, his proud and deadly strategy, was so easily and utterly broken. Puff, formed from the primordial shadow power, was broken, and the nightmare king suffered a severe backlash. His translucent body trembled violently, its color dimming as if it might vanish at any moment. He stared intently at Lanu, his voice trembling. What exactly is going on with your shadow aura? And now, after experiencing such a huge expenditure of energy, the opponent is still able to unleash such terrifying power without changing his expression. This can no longer be explained by the word profound. This is simply infinite, a monster with almost limitless shadow energy. The moment this absurd thought crossed his mind, the nightmare king felt as if his very soul was frozen. If that's the case, then all his previous calculations and schemes have become a complete joke in the face of this bug-like existence. Want to know? Looking at his dejected appearance, Lanu curled his lips into a cold smile. Go to hell and ask Yama, the king of hell. He had no interest in offering advice to a dying man. Under the immense threat of death, the nightmare king's dormant, ruthless nature was fully unleashed. A flash of crazy determination appeared in his eyes. Kid, don't get too cocky. He let out a shrill roar, and his elucery eyes instantly turned blood red. The nightmare king has more than just this one trick up his sleeve. The treasure he just absorbed is different from Lanu's treasure. It's not a sword technique that requires time to master, but a powerful shadow weapon that can instantly enhance his combat power. The moment the words left his mouth, the nightmare king suddenly opened it wide. A ball of light the size of a fist and burning with a ghostly blue flame slowly emerged from his mouth. Same shadow artifact he obtained from the supreme treasure. The flame of the underworld, an item from an ancient god in mythology who held the power of death. A terrifying weapon forged with a trace of his own primordial divine fire. This flame does not burn the body but scorches the soul. It contains the purest and most doineering laws of death. incinerated and scattered in an instant if touched by it. Because the amount of flame in the flame of the underworld is limited, it will be gone once it's used up. He originally intended to conserve such a powerful killing move as much as possible, but he can't care about that now. Buzz with shadow power shown brightly instantly. The eerie blue flames expanded and surged wildly at a speed visible to the naked eye. In an instant, it transformed into a raging blue sea of fire, radiating a terrifying chill capable of freezing the soul and swept towards Lan Yu and the phantom of the holy temple gospel behind him with earthshattering force, utterly consumed by this supreme power of death. The sacred and vast holy light pald in comparison to the blue flames that represented ultimate death and retreated in defeat, gazing at the overwhelming blue sea of fire. Feeling the terrifying power that seemed to freeze and tear his very soul apart. For the first time, a look of seriousness appeared on Lan Yus face, he could sense that this force was beyond his current ability to cope with. However, he inexplicably sensed a familiar, even somewhat intimate aura within the flames above. How's your interpretation of that map in chapter 317 going? However, at that moment, the shadow behind him began to wrigle slightly. The next second, a white-haired girl wearing a pure white dress and with bare snow white feet silently emerged from his shadow. It was hell, the god of death. Her appearance did not cause any energy fluctuations as if she had always been standing there. The nightmare king's soul, which was about to dissipate due to exhausting all its power, froze the moment it saw hell appear. His unreal eyes were fixed on the suddenly appearing white-haired girl. His gaze filled with confusion and bewilderment. Who is this girl? Why did she give me a sense of dread that came from the depths of my soul, even though there was no aura emanating from her? A bizarre scene unfolded. That flame of death, powerful enough to erase everything and enough to make even a nine-star expert tremble. vanished the moment hell beckoned. It was surprisingly docel like a kitten summoned by its owner, obediently and joyfully flying into her palm. It kept jumping and spinning in hell's hand and even affectionately rubbed against her fingers as if expressing the highest respect to its monarch. The entire hall fell into a deathly silence. Meanwhile, the nightmare king, whose soul was about to dissipate, looked as if he had seen a ghost. No, it's impossible. With his last breath, he uttered incredulous murmurss. The power of death. Why? Why would it submit to her? Just as the nightmare king was filled with doubt and uncertainty, the white-haired girl, hell, finally made a move. She seemed somewhat curious about the massive, terrifying sea of blue flames before her. She tilted her head, a hint of doubt flashing in her pure obsidian eyes. Then she extended a fair, slender finger, and gently touched the sea of fire in midair. Um, she seemed to have tasted something. Her delicate nose wrinkled slightly, and a look of disgust appeared on her face. It smells awful. She spoke in a soft, complaining tone, mixed, filthy, like expired garbage. Upon hearing this comment, the nightmare monarch on the other side almost spat out a mouthful of blood. What is that rubbish? This is the flame of the underworld. It is a divine fire containing the supreme authority of death. It is an unparalleled weapon of destruction that can burn even a king to ashes. In your mouth, little girl, it's become expired garbage. Do you even know what this is? However, Hell's next move almost made his eyes pop out. Hell seemed to have lost interest in this garbage. She puffed out her pink cheeks and gently blew a breath at the dark blue sea of fire that was powerful enough to scorch the heavens and boil the seas. Call. There were no strong winds, no huge waves, and not even the slightest energy fluctuation. It's that simple, that casual, just like a little girl blowing away dandelion seeds. However, it was just this casual breath. However, this triggered a terrifying anomaly that caused even the nightmare king's soul to shatter. The once raging, all-consuming blue sea of fire vanished the moment hell exhaled that breath. It changed direction without any warning. It was as if a group of soldiers charging into battle suddenly received an order from their supreme commander and without hesitation turned around and launched an even fiercer charge back to their own camp. No, he wanted to escape. He frantically urged his already exhausted soul to tear through space and escape the engulfment of this sea of fire. However, it was all in vain. That dark blue sea of fire had completely engulfed him, following him like a shadow. Ah! A piercing scream, so shrill it was inhuman, suddenly rang out in the hall, only to abruptly cease in a fleeting moment. Because the flame of the underworld faithfully fulfilled its duty. The moment it came into contact with the nightmare king's soul, it burned and erased it completely from its most fundamental level, leaving not even a trace of residue. As the eerie blue flames gradually dissipated, the entire hall returned to tranquility. It was as if the earthshattering battle just now and the sea of fire that could have burned a king were just an illusion. Still shrouded in holy light, and the petite, adorable white-haired girl floating in midair in front of him remained in the same spot. Hell seemed to have done something trivial, she gave a delicate little yawn and rubbed her sleepy eyes. Then his figure flashed into Lanu's shadow and disappeared. She probably went back to sleep. He slowly retracted the wings of the holy dragon and holy temple gospel behind him. A crisis that could have shaken the film industry was thus resolved by Hull with a nonchalant air. However, there was no sign of relaxation on Lan Yu's face. He knew that the nightmare king was not dead yet. Soul crystal. The word instantly popped into Lan Yu's mind. As long as the soul crystal remains intact, the shadow soul will be immortal. The one that was just killed by hell was still just an avatar of the nightmare king. Although this clone may contain the vast majority of his power, but as long as the soul crystal is still there, he can make a comeback at any time. We must find his soul crystal and eradicate this scourge completely. But Lu's brows furrowed tightly. This sky city is so enormous and its structure so complex. That cunning old fox must have hidden his manhood in the most concealed and unexpected corner. Soul crystal in this massive aerial fortress is like finding a needle in a hay stack. Hidden in a corner, murmured these words unconsciously. Suddenly, a thought flashed through his mind like lightning. A hidden corner. It seems like he has something specifically designed to find places like this. Map. Lanu's eyes lit up instantly. He remembered the mysterious stone he had picked up from the third floor secret room and the graffiti hidden inside the stone that looked like a ghost scribbles. I am reminded of Hillen Kelster, the master of the ever silent castle. On the day and night that the shadow sandstorm raged, Helen promised him that she would help him decipher the map. Based on the timeline, we should have a result by now. There's no time to lose. Without the slightest hesitation, Lan Yus mind stirred, and his consciousness instantly sank into his own mental world. Familiar islands, familiar beaches, familiar Gothic castles. Lan Yus figure reappeared in the dim and empty hall of the eternal silent castle through that magical well. You've arrived. A clear, melodious girl's voice came from the throne at the far end of the hall. Han remained as dark as ever, like a shadow, sitting there quietly. Before her floated the thin sheet of paper she had obtained from Lanu, covered with strange symbols. "It seems she has just finished her research. I need your help," Lanu said bluntly, stating his purpose directly. How's your interpretation of that map going? Chapter 3:18. There's always a way out. With a gentle wave of his hand, the thin sheet of paper slowly floated to Lan Yus front. Her voice remained cool and aloof, but Lanu could detect a hint of accomplishment within it. It has been completely deciphered. This map is more detailed and complex than I imagined. It not only marks the detailed structure of each level of the sky city Babylon, but also records a large number of hidden passages, secret rooms, and even the control core locations of some traps and mechanisms. Helen paused, then continued. It's no exaggeration to say that possessing this map is equivalent to having supreme authority over the entire sky city. Upon hearing this, Lu was overjoyed. As expected, there's always a way out. The broken stone that I picked up by chance turned out to be the trump card that decided the outcome at the most crucial moment. That's great. Lu suppressed his excitement and immediately asked, "Then can you help me find all the hidden rooms on this fifth floor?" Helen seemed somewhat surprised that Lu would ask this question, but she nodded nonetheless. She stretched out her slender finger and gently tapped it in midair. The next second, a huge and complex three-dimensional light and shadow map made of pure shadow energy appeared in the center of the hall. This is the complete structural diagram of the fifth level of Sky City. Helen stretched out his finger and tapped the light and shadow map several times. A dozen or so red glowing markers scattered throughout the hall appeared on the map. There are 17 hidden rooms on the fifth floor, Hillen said, pointing to the markings. Most of them are maintenance passages left by the craftsmen of the past or some abandoned storage rooms. 17. Upon seeing this number, Lon's heart sank instantly. So much that old monster could hide the soul crystal in any room. Do I have to search for them one by one myself? That would be too much of a waste of time. What if he recovers and causes some trouble again? That would be a real problem. Seemingly sensing Lan used distress, Sharon's cool voice rang out again. Are you looking for something in these rooms? treasure. Lanu shook his head and said in a deep voice, "It's not a treasure. I'm looking for a shadow soul's soul crystal, which is his lifeline. I must find it and destroy it." Soul crystal. Upon hearing this word, a thoughtful glint seemed to flash in Helen's pure black eyes. She paused for a moment, then stretched out her finger and precisely pointed to one of the 17 red markers on the map of light and shadow. That mark was located in the most remote and inconspicuous corner of the entire hall. right next to the outer wall. Helen said in a rather confident tone. If that's what you're looking for, I think it's most likely hidden here. Why? Lu was overjoyed and quickly asked. Why are you so sure? Helen's answer was full of rational analysis and rigorous logic. Because soul crystals are essentially a combination of the soul's essence and a high concentration of shadow energy. For it to maintain its own existence and even draw power from it to create clones, it needs an environment with extremely abundant and stable shadow energy to nourish it. She pointed to the location she had marked on the map and continued to explain. I just analyzed the energy flow diagram of the entire sky city. The core of the city's energy is located on the first underground floor. It provides energy to every floor through energy pipes that are distributed throughout the city. And this room happens to be located at an important node of the main energy pipeline on the fifth floor. Although it is an abandoned room, the concentration of shadow energy around it is the highest and most stable on the entire fifth floor. If I were that shadow soul and I wanted to find an absolutely safe place where I could guarantee an energy supply to hide my manhood, this would be the only option. After listening to Helen's clear and logical analysis, Lanu's last trace of doubt completely vanished. professional. Absolutely professional. No wonder he's a tech geek who's lived for who knows how many years. His analysis of problems is incredibly insightful. Thank you so much, Helen. You've helped me a lot, Lanu said to Helen solemnly. Just a transaction, Helen replied casually, putting away the map of light and shadow. Remember to bring a new book next time. Must. Lu nodded heavily. And after saying goodbye to Shiluan, his consciousness quickly returned to the real world. Inside the magnificent hall, Lanu suddenly opened his eyes, a dazzling light flashing across them in an instant. He glanced at the corner marked by Hillen in the distance, a cold smile curving his lips. "Found you, old monster." The moment he finished speaking, his figure transformed into a black lightning bolt and shot off in that direction. Guided by the map, he skillfully navigated around several obstacles that appeared to be walls, but were actually hidden doors. Soon, an inconspicuous stone door blending seamlessly into the wall appeared before him. Without the slightest hesitation, Lanu kicked open the stone door. Behind the door was a small room of less than 10 square meters. In the center of the room was a fist-sized, completely black object. The crystal, its surface shimmering with an eerie purple light, floated silently in midair, emanating an evil yet powerful aura. It is the soul crystal of the nightmare king. Below the soul crystal was a phantom, a shadow that was many times weaker than before. It is twisting and struggling wildly, seemingly trying to reform. That shadow was none other than the nightmare king who had just escaped death. At this moment, he looked extremely disheveled, his very soul severely damaged by hell's death fire. It even affected the original entity located far away. The opponent could no longer even maintain a basic human form. When he saw Lanu kick down the door and enter, the shadowy figure trembled violently, and a fear from the depths of his soul instantly overwhelmed him. "You, how did you find this place?" His weak voice was filled with disbelief. This place is an absolute secret he has kept hidden for nearly 10,000 years. No one else could possibly know it except himself. How did they find this kid in front of them? Looking at the trembling elucory figure in front of him, unable to even speak clearly, there was not a trace of pity on Lan Yus face, he walked over step by step, the Hegny sword in his hand reflecting the dazzling light of the hall. It reflected a cold, icy glint. No, don't come any closer. The nightmare king was completely panicked. He could feel the undisguised, almost tangible killing intent emanating from Lu. Chapter 319. The final trial ends. He was scared. He was genuinely scared. Having lived for nearly 10,000 years, this was the first time he felt death was so close to him. No, don't kill me. He cried out with all his might, begging for mercy. Boy, no. My lord, Lord Lu, spare my life. If you spare my life, I'm willing to serve you as my master. I'm willing to tell you all the knowledge and secrets I've accumulated over the past 10,000 years. The legacy of the first king, the secrets of the mythical era, even the weaknesses of other kings. If you want to know, I can tell you. In order to survive, he abandoned all his dignity and pride as the first king like a dog wagging its tail and begging, it humbly pleads. However, Lu did not respond to him, but simply raised the Hegny sword in his hand. There is no need for an explanation to a dying man. No. As the black sword blade fell upon him, the nightmare king let out his last roar. A roar filled with resentment and despair. A flash of sword light. The soul crystal suspended in midair along with the elucory shadow below. It was cleaved in two by the sword of Hegny. There was no earthshattering explosion nor any shrill screams. That soul crystal represents the life essence of the nightmare king. The moment it is cut open, it is like a punctured balloon and all its energy dissipates instantly. Immediately afterwards, countless cracks appeared on the surface of the soul crystal. With a deafening roar, it exploded into countless points of light, then completely vanished into the air. The first monarch of his generation, a nightmare, thus fell completely. In the moment before the soul completely dissipates in the nightmare king's mind, countless images flashed by rapidly like a revolving lantern. I'm so unwilling to accept this. He remembered his original self, the person he was back then. It was just a weak shadow monster called Dream Eater, struggling to survive at the very bottom of the shadow world. He survived by feeding on nightmares of devouring other living beings, enduring endless killing, and being killed. In just 100 years, he transformed from a lowly nobody at the mercy of others into a powerful figure who made a name for himself in the film industry. In the third hundred years, he ignited the divine fire, ascended to the throne, and was revered by all beings as the nightmare king. How spirited and high-spirited he was back then. Of the first seven monarchs, in terms of strength, who could fight him head-on, perhaps only that lazy bum who only knows how to fish all day long, Black Flame. He once thought that his power was enough to conquer everything. He conquered far and wide, annexing countless territories and even personally killed the king of his own time. Ultimately, he turned his greedy gaze toward that rich yet fragile world called reality. He wanted to turn that place into his dream ranch as well. But he was wrong. He never imagined that in that seemingly fragile world, there was actually a terrifying existence that could rival him. What he didn't expect was that at the most crucial moment of the decisive battle with the human powerhouses, his most trusted subordinate, the guy he had personally promoted, nicknamed immortal, he was struck fatally from behind. Ultimately, he was critically wounded and on the verge of death, falling in resentment amidst the siege of powerful humans. Only a wisp of a soul managed to escape to this isolated sky city where it barely survived thanks to the remaining divine power. This predicament lasted for nearly 10,000 years. He was constantly thinking about escaping his predicament and seeking revenge. He sought revenge against those who betrayed him and those who drove him to the brink of despair. Today, the hope of escaping this predicament and the chance to regain freedom are right before our eyes. But he failed at the last hurdle. They were defeated by such an unknown human kid. How ironic. I wonder if that beast undying who ambushed me is still alive. In his final moments, he couldn't help but recall the figure who always wore a straw hat and lazily sat by the river fishing. Hey, Nightmare, don't mess with humans. They're much more troublesome than you think. I'm not really interested. I still think that just staying in my little corner of the world and fishing is enough. Hey, Black Flame, back then, if I had listened to your advice and stayed in the film industry, would the ending have been different? With that final unheard sigh, the nightmare king's consciousness was completely swallowed up by eternal darkness. When the nightmare king soul crystal was completely shattered by the Hegny sword, the moment it vanished, turning into countless points of light, Lanu clearly felt that an invisible shackle seemed to have been removed from this ancient sky city. The entire secret chamber and even the entire fifth floor began to shake violently. Boom! The dazzling starlight above the dome began to become disordered. Visible spatial rifts like hideous scars appeared and closed repeatedly in the sky above the towering hall. The white jade stones on the ground carved with intricate patterns also began to crack inch by inch. It was as if they couldn't withstand some kind of immense pressure. What's going on? Lanu frowned slightly, and with a flash, he flew out of the huge hole he had blasted open and returned to the magnificent hall. It seems that the nightmare king is not just trapped here. Nidhog's voice echoed in his mind, carrying a hint of understanding. His remnant soul and soul crystal have probably merged with the energy core of this sky city to some extent over the past 10,000 years. He is both a prisoner and the new controller of this aerial fortress. Now that you've destroyed him along with the soul crystal, the sky city, now without its controller, is naturally becoming unstable. I see. Lana nodded, understanding dawning on his mind. He glanced at the empty stone base in the center of the hall. I glanced again at this magnificent palace that was heading towards collapse, but felt no attachment whatsoever. The purpose of this trip has been fully achieved. Not only did his strength undergo a qualitative leap, but he also acquired two powerful divine sword techniques. They also conveniently eliminated a major threat and even obtained a complete official map. They made a fortune. It's time to leave. However, just as he was about to set off to return the way he came, a cold, vast, and emotionless mechanical synthesized voice suddenly resounded throughout every corner of the entire sky city. Detection indicates that the supreme treasure has been taken. The core controller nightmare has been detected as destroyed. Babylon defense system has determined. The final trial has ended. All participants will be forcibly teleported out of this area in 10 seconds. 10 9 8 The chilling countdown sound like the death nail exploded in the ears of every shadow master still lingering in Sky City. Chapter 3 20 He couldn't understand it. The third level is a trap maze. Elderlay, it's another dead end. It seems we've gone around in circles again. Damn it. Is there even an exit in this godforsaken place? The teams from the Lelay and Fong families and other major clans were still trapped in this intricate maze, looking disheveled and in a sorry state. They had been here for more than a day and a night, but still couldn't find the way to the fourth floor. The team's food and water supplies have been exhausted. Several young men were seriously injured after triggering the trap, and the morale of the entire team had plummeted to rock bottom. Just when they were feeling upset and even starting to feel desperate, that cold mechanical synthesized voice rang in their ears without warning. "Um, what was that sound?" The elders of the Lelay family immediately gripped their weapons more tightly. However, when they heard the contents of the voice, everyone's face showed a blank expression. "The supreme treasure has been taken," the middle-aged man from the foam family muttered to himself in a dreamlike tone. "Are you kidding me? We haven't even made it to the fourth floor. Who could possibly take the treasure? The elder of the Lelay family roared out, his face filled with disbelief. That's a supreme treasure. That's a supreme treasure guarded by a terrifying and invincible guardian. But now, the strongest among those who have entered Sky City are none other than these eight star shadow masters. Who is it? Who on earth has such extraordinary abilities? How could he possibly manage to single-handedly reach the fifth level while everyone else was trapped on the first few levels? defeat the invincible guardian and take the treasure. This thought swept through the minds of everyone present like a storm, making them feel that their worldview had been completely overturned at this moment. However, the system didn't give them much time to be shocked. 3 2 1 Teleportation initiated. As the last syllable fell, beams of white light descended from the sky. It precisely enveloped every shadow artist still within Sky City. A flash of light. The next second, regardless of whether it was the large family team still wandering around in the maze. The lone expert who was still searching in the ruins of the fourth level vanished instantly. When Lu regained his sight, they found themselves back on that familiar desolate plane shrouded in black mist. Not far away lies Babylon, a sky city that sprawls across the earth like a colossal beast. It is slowly becoming transparent as if it is about to disappear back into the inter layer of space and around him beams of white light flashed continuously. Shadow artists who were forcibly teleported out. They appeared scattered across the planes like dumplings being dropped into a pot. Most of them still wore expressions of bewilderment and shock were clearly still reeling from the shocking news that the treasure had been taken. Who is it? Who took the treasure? Step forward. hand over the treasure. Angry and resentful roars erupted from the crowd. They risked their lives to break into the sky city. Before they could even see a trace of the treasure, they were told that it had already been taken. No one could stand that. Suddenly, everyone became wary and suspicious of each other, trying to find the lucky one in the crowd. However, they were destined not to find it because the real culprit had already left this place of trouble silently the moment he was teleported out. Lan Yus figure moved through the black mist like a ghost. He ignored the noise and chaos behind him. His gaze already fixed on the distance. The trip to castle and the sky has come to a successful conclusion. But his journey is far from over. He hadn't forgotten. There was still a small matter he needed to deal with. Eternal Night Pavilion. Lanu uttered these three words softly, a cold glint flashing in his eyes. He was determined to get that last dark source demon fruit. Moreover, that greenhaired youth with three heads and six arms is the heir to the eternal knight king. Lanu has always had only one principle when it comes to enemies, especially those with great potential. That is to nip him in the bud before he grows up. One fruit, one life. He wants them all. Hundreds of miles away from the sky city of Babylon lies a shadow city called Black Rock City. The city is not large, but its geographical location is very important. It is the largest distribution center for people and goods in the surrounding area. In the heart of the city, a fortress-like building constructed entirely of black megaliths stands out with its imposing style. This is an important branch of the eternal knight pavilion, one of the seven major forces in the shadow realm. At this moment, they are in a heavily guarded secret room deep within the branch. The green-haired youth who was severely injured by Lanu's punch on the fourth floor of Sky City. He lay pale-faced on a stone bed made of millennial old cold jade. He was the most talented and most valued among the many sons of the eternal knight king. Fan is hailed as the undisputed successor to the throne. At this moment, Yean's chest was wrapped in thick bandages with dark purple blood stains seeping through them. His breathing was rapid and weak, and each gasp aggravated the injury in his chest. This triggered a sharp pain contorting his otherwise handsome face. But he was more concerned about the physical pain than the physical pain. Rather, it was an uncontrollable feeling of humiliation and rage emanating from the depths of one's soul. Ah. He slammed his fist into the cold jade bed beneath him, creating fine cracks in the hard stone. Damn it. Damn it. Damn bastard. He roared madly, his emerald green eyes burning with a hatred powerful enough to consume everything. We lost. He actually lost. Moreover, he lost because of his most prized physical strength, whose rank was even lower than his own. What an utter disgrace. Yean has been a prodigy since birth, and has never been defeated among his peers. He had always assumed that apart from the other few monarchs heirs, there were no other. There is no one in the world who can compare to me. But today, in Sky City, his invincible confidence was shattered by a single punch from the man clad in black demonic armor. Every time he closes his eyes, that scene uncontrollably appears in his mind. His own sixiron fists powerful enough to split mountains and shatter rocks. It shattered like fragile glass before that seemingly casual punch from its opponent. That irresistible, doineering, and terrifying force instantly destroyed all his defenses and life force. If it weren't for the timely appearance of the king's avatar to teleport him back, he's probably a cold corpse by now. Why? Why did this happen? Ye fan was panting heavily, his eyes filled with resentment and confusion. We're both competing in terms of physical strength. So why is there such a huge gap between us? He doesn't understand. He couldn't understand it. Young master, please calm down and take care of your injuries. An elderly man dressed in the attire of a steward from the eternal night pavilion hurriedly stepped forward and offered words of advice with a look of fear on his face. Get out of my way. Yean pushed the old man away and struggled to sit up in bed. He stared intently at the jade box in the center of the secret chamber, protected by layers of barriers, his eyes filled with a frantic desire. The dark source demon fruit. How's it going with that dark source demon fruit? Chapter 321. You can now travel in peace. He asked in a horse voice. That jade box contained the information about their eternal night pavilion team in Sky City. dark source demon fruit that we finally found on the second floor. He believed that as long as he ate the fruit, he'll take his physical strength to the next level and next time he'll definitely be able to tear that kid to shreds. He will use that brat's blood to wash away the shame he has suffered today. Reporting to reporting to young master, the elderly deacon answered tremblingly. The divine aura remaining in the dark source demon fruit is too doineering. Our alchemists are doing their best to purify it, but but it will take some time. Time? Time. What I lack most is time. Yean roared, wishing he could rush up right now and swallow the fruit hole. But he knew it wouldn't work. The dark source demon fruit is a product of the mythological era containing a trace of the original aura of the god who created it. Unless one possesses divine authority like Lanu, those who can ignore this aura, the chosen ones or supreme beings like kings can forcibly suppress it. Otherwise, it would be ordinary filmmakers like them. If you rashly ingest it, you will be overwhelmed by that doineering divine aura and die from the force of its explosion. It must first be carefully stripped away and purified using special medicines and techniques before it can be safely consumed. Useless. A bunch of useless trash. Ye fan cursed in frustration. Tell them to hurry at all costs. I need to see that fruit tonight. Yes. Yes. I'll go and urge them right away. The old man felt as if he had been granted a pardon and scrambled out of the secret room. Ye fan lay back down on the bed, panting heavily, but the frenzied killing intent in his eyes did not diminish in the slightest. Kid, you just wait. Wait until I eat the dark source demon fruit. Wait until I master my secret technique. I will find you and crush every single bone in your body. He could almost see himself successfully taking revenge. The image of trampling and humiliating Lonu underfoot brought a sinister and gleeful smile to his face. Time passed by second by second. For ye fan, every second was torture. He kept urging his subordinates on, driving all the alchemists in the eternal night pavilion branch to the brink of exhaustion. Finally, late at night, the door to the secret room was opened again. The elderly steward himself carefully carried in a tray. His face showed a hint of fatigue, but even more so, a sense of relief and joy. Young master, I have not failed you. He raised the tray high, and the jade box on the tray, which had previously sealed the dark source demon fruit, was now open. A fruit entirely black, exuding an enticing aroma, and with wisps of pure energy swirling around its surface, lies quietly inside. That doineering divine aura has vanished. Instead, there is pure extreme life energy that can be directly absorbed. Good, good, good. A dazzling light instantly burst forth in Ye's eyes. He suddenly jumped out of bed, the movement so violent that it aggravated his chest injury. It made him grown softly, but he didn't care at all. His eyes were only on the dark source demon fruit, which could grant him revenge and make him stronger. He snatched the tray from the old man's hands and stretched out his trembling hand to put the fruit he had been dreaming of into his mouth. However, just a moment before his fingertips were about to touch the fruit, a calm, indifferent, yet unforgettable voice suddenly rang out in the silent chamber. "Are you even worthy of eating this?" The voice was so calm and even, as if it were stating a very simple fact. But to Yean and the old steward, it was like a thunderclap from the heavens. Who? Yean's body stiffened abruptly. His emerald green eyes widened instantly, and his pupils shrank to the size of pinpoints. He turned abruptly and stared intently in the direction the sound came from, the entrance to the secret room. Suddenly, a figure appeared there without anyone noticing. An ordinary-looking young man dressed in plain black clothes was leaning casually against the door frame with his hands in his pockets. A faint amused smile played on his face. She was watching him quietly with the eyes of someone eyeing prey. Yean saw that face clearly. His mind went completely blank. That face. He would recognize this face even if it turned to ashes. Although the other person had changed their hair color and some subtle features, he would never forget those eyes. Those calm indifferent eyes that seemed to see through everything. This is the man. This is the man who shattered his pride and confidence with a single punch in Sky City. It's you. The moment the greenhaired youth saw the person's face clearly, his pupils suddenly shrank to the size of pinpoints. The ecstasy on his face froze instantly, replaced by endless horror and fear. The person who arrived was none other than Lanu, whom he both hated to the bone and feared like a tiger. "You, how did you get here?" he screamed, his voice distorted with fear. "Lanu didn't answer him, but only glanced at the tray in his hand, a slight smile playing on his lips. It seems I've arrived just in time." He flashed like a ghost, instantly appearing in front of the greenhaired youth. The greenhaired youth was terrified and instinctively tried to unleash his shadow energy to resist, but Lanu was much faster than him. Smack. Lanu grabbed his wrist as it reached for the fruit and squeezed it gently. Snap! The crisp sound of bones shattering rang out. "Ah!" The greenhaired youth let out a shrill scream, and his entire arm went limp and hung down. Lu didn't even glance at him and casually took the dark source demon fruit from the tray with his other hand. Then under the greenhaired youth's gaze filled with resentment and despair. He threw the fruit directly into his mouth. Crunch. The crisp chewing sound was particularly jarring in the deathly silent enclosed room. Yuyu, the greenhaired youth, pointed at Lanu, trembling with rage, and suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood. He watched helplessly as the hope that should have belonged to him, the hope that would have allowed him to take revenge slipped away. He was eaten up right in front of his own enemy. This feeling was more painful than killing him outright. It tastes good. Lanu swallowed the last bite of fruit, feeling the joyful sensation emanating from his kings body and nodded in satisfaction. Then he raised his head and looked at him with the gaze one would give a dead man, looking at the green-haired youth who was so angry he was about to faint. I've eaten your fruit. Now you can set off with peace of mind. Chapter 3:22. The void raven ship. The moment he finished speaking, he threw a punch. Bang! The greenhaired youth s body flew backward like a tattered sack. It slammed heavily against the wall and then fell silent. Just then, from outside the secret chamber came a cacophony of hurried footsteps and roars. Young master, assassins, protect the young master. The powerful members of the eternal knight pavilion branch finally realized what was happening and charged toward the secret chamber with murderous intent. Lanu slowly turned around looking at the members of the eternal night pavilion who rushed in. A cold smile on his face. Perfect. Saves me the trouble of looking for them one by one. With a thought, a black core sphere appeared in his hand. He casually tossed the ball to the ground. Boom. The next second, a tall, ferocious, terrifying puppet made entirely of black metal with scarlet electronic eyes burning in its eyes suddenly appeared in the hall. It was that Sevenstar puppet. Lanu gently pressed down on the puppet. Divine authority burst was used. Then in a flash, he disappeared from the spot. All that was left for everyone was a bomb formed from a sevenstar puppet. The next second, a black energy storm swept through the entire room. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. After a loud explosion, the black fortress that once stood in the city center, symbolizing the supreme authority of the eternal knight pavilion has completely disappeared. All that remained was a huge bottomless pit, still emitting wisps of smoke. And Lan Yu, who stood at the edge of the pit and slowly put away the terrifying puppet. He glanced at his masterpiece and nodded in satisfaction. Without pausing, he vanished into the chaotic and panicked night of Black Rockck City in a flash. He should go. 3 days later, a massive port city filled with noise and chaos appeared at the edge of Lanu's vision. Cinema City. This is the largest city along the coast of the Sea of Shadows. It is also the only gateway for countless Shadow Clan members and adventurers to reach that forbidden sea. As long as they can successfully cross this sea of shadows, known as the cradle of death, that way you can reach the boundary between the human world and the world of shadows. By then, going home will no longer be an unattainable dream. Walking on the wide but dirty streets of Inchao City, Lanu could clearly sense that this city had a completely different atmosphere from other film cities. The air was filled with a salty, damp sea scent. It was a strange mix of fishy, bloody, and various unidentified creatures, creating a unique and indescribable flavor. Lanu blended into the bustling crowd entering the city, appearing completely inconspicuous. At this moment, he is no longer the young man with striking blue hair. The effects of the Thousand Faces mask had long since worn off, and he was now using the basic disguise techniques he had learned in Shadow Puppet Village. He changed his hair and eye color to black, the most common color in the film industry. And his face showed signs of hardship, making him look like an ordinary mercenary who had been away from home for many years. The Shadow Clan here also seems to be more ferocious and direct than the Shadow Clan in the interior. Most of them had dark skin and a rough weathered look as if they had been eroded by the sea breeze. His eyes were filled with vigilance and scrutiny. Lana did not attract much attention. He mingled with the bustling crowd like any ordinary traveler heading towards the city gate. However, as he approached the towering city gate, he couldn't help but pause. The notice wall next to the city gate was surrounded by layers of people. Countless photographers were pointing and discussing a brand new wanted poster on the wall. With his height advantage far exceeding that of ordinary people, Lanu easily saw the contents of the wanted poster. It was a portrait imprinted using a special memory crystal. The painting depicts a young man with striking long blue hair, handsome features, and a cold gaze. Lui twitched. Isn't that a picture of myself? Criminal charges. Destroying the eternal night pavilion branch and assassinating the monarch's heir. Ye fan reward. 100,000 shadow crystals will be awarded to anyone who provides valid clues about the whereabouts. A bounty of 500,000 shadow crystals will be awarded to whoever can severely injure and capture him alive. Whoever kills him and brings back his head will receive a reward of 1 million shadow crystals and will have the opportunity to be personally received by the eternal knight king. Looking at the astronomical bounty, Wan use twitched involuntarily. Good heavens, a million. He remembered that damn gang member who hired assassins from the eternal night pavilion to kill him. The price offered was only 100,000 shadow crystals. Now look what's happened. Their own number of casualties has increased 10fold. The night king has really gone all out this time. It seems he'll have to kill his precious heir. She really angered him. When did I become so valuable? Lanu couldn't help but think to himself. However, despite the complaints, their vigilance instantly reached its peak. He turned and left the crowd without making a sound. Heading towards the port, the most urgent task is to figure out how to safely cross the sea of shadows. The port was busier than the city with all sorts of ships docked on the huge pier. These ships are mostly grotesque and bizarre in appearance with their hulls made of huge animal bones and tough metal. The sails were made from the skin of some kind of giant sea beast and were engraved with various runes to protect against wind and waves. Countless shirtless ShadowClan boatman, their bodies covered in tattoos, bustled about on the dock like ants. Boxes of goods were loaded onto the ship. Lanu found a middle-aged ShadowClan member who looked like the boatman's leader and was resting by smoking a pipe. He handed him a few shadow crystals and began to gather information. The entire investigation process was not complicated, but the results made Lanu frown more and more. The sea of shadows was far more dangerous than he had imagined. This vast ocean is considered a forbidden zone for life by all Shadow Clan members. The area within 10 km of the coast is relatively safe. Many shadow masters hunt valuable marine shadow monsters here in exchange for cultivation resources. However, once you cross this invisible boundary and enter the true deep sea, the danger increases exponentially. The deep sea is home not only to countless powerful and unknown highle shadow monsters. Even more terrifying is that a bizarre natural disaster called soul devouring storm has been shrouded in the sky above the sea of shadows for many years. That storm is invisible and intangible. Yet, it can directly attack the soul of living beings. Any creature that attempts to fly across the sea of shadows will be instantly obliterated once it is caught in it, even a ninestar powerhouse. Therefore, the route to fly over there is completely blocked. The only way is by boat. However, not every ship can sail in the Sea of Shadows. To safely cross the Sea of Shadows, you must travel on a special vessel built by top craftsmen, the Void Raven ship. Chapter 323. A special blessing. This ship is not only incredibly sturdy, but it can also withstand attacks from most sea monsters. Most importantly, it possesses two irreplaceable special abilities. First, it can speed shuttle, which allows it to burst into extremely fast speed in a short period of time to shake off the enemy's pursuit. Secondly, void concealment allows a ship to enter a demiplane state for a short period of time, perfectly concealing its aura and traces and avoiding the perception of those terrifying highle shadow monsters. Only by riding on one of these void raven ships is there a sliver of hope to successfully reach the other side. However, very few of these mythical creations have survived to this day, and each one is priceless. They are usually available, but not for sale, as they are firmly controlled by various powerful forces and are never sold or leased to outsiders. After making inquiries, Lyu's heart sank. The situation was more complicated than he had anticipated. He was standing on the edge of the dock. While gazing at the distant sea of shadows shrouded in black mist and surging with waves, he pondered a countermeasure. A rough hand suddenly reached out from the side and gently tugged at his sleeve. Lanus body tensed instantly, and his eyes suddenly turned icy cold. His right hand had already subconsciously reached for the Hegmi sword at his waist. Take it easy. A low, somewhat urgent voice sounded in his ear. ShadowClan man dressed in ordinary merchant clothes with an unremarkable appearance looking at him nervously. The man's eyes darted around. After making sure no one was paying attention to them, he asked a question in an almost whispered voice that made Lan Yu's pupils shrink sharply. Are you Lu? Lu was stunned when someone called him by his first name. A chill instantly shot from the soles of my feet to the top of my head. He was 100% certain that he had never seen this ShadowClan man before. How did the other person recognize me? Was the disguise seen through? Or has the influence of the eternal night pavilion infiltrated to this extent? Even an ordinary vendor is their informant. Countless thoughts flashed through Lonu's mind, but his expression remained unchanged. Only the weariness and murderous intent in his eyes intensified. His hand, which rested on the hilt of the Hegny sword, was already gripping it tightly. He would draw his sword and eliminate any potential threat at the first sign of any unusual movement from the other party. The ShadowClan man clearly also sensed the palpable killing intent emanating from Lanu. He was so frightened that his face turned several shades pale. He seemed to realize that his behavior was somewhat reckless, which made Lanu extremely wary. No, don't do that. The man hurriedly waved his hands, his voice stammering with nervousness. I I didn't mean any harm. He glanced around anxiously and noticed that patrolling city guards were casting suspicious glances his way. In a moment of desperation, he grabbed Lanu's wrist and dragged him into a secluded alleyway. "Come with me. This isn't the place to talk." Lanu frowned, intending to break free immediately. But seeing the other person's anxious and genuine expression, she had a sudden thought and ultimately did not resist, letting him pull her into the alley. The alley was filled with all sorts of discarded junk, emitting a foul, musty smell. The man pulled Lanu to the deepest part of the alley to a complete blind spot before stopping, panting heavily. He leaned against the wall, panting heavily for a few moments before looking at Lan Yu with a tense expression. He lowered his voice and said, "Don't misunderstand. I'm really not your enemy." Lanu didn't speak, but simply looked at him quietly with his calm and cold eyes, waiting for him to continue. Staring at Lanu with eyes that seemed to see right through people. The man felt cold sweat break out on his back. He swallowed hard, knowing that if he didn't produce something real soon, he might lose his head in the next second. He gritted his teeth and said in a reckless tone, "Don't be nervous. I'm human." Upon hearing the word human, Lanu's hand, which was gripping the sword hilt, finally paused for a moment. A hint of surprise flashed in his eyes. humans deep within the shadow realm in this port city where the shadow clan resides. Are there actually humans? Seeing the still skeptical look in Lanus eyes, the man knew that he couldn't gain his trust with just a few words. To prove his identity, he did something that surprised even Lanu. He raised his hand and gently wiped his cheek with one index finger. A ripple like waves on water spread across his face. Then the black markings on his face belonging to the Shadow Clan slowly disappeared like faded ink. What was revealed was a standard human face. Not exactly handsome, but with sharp features and a resolute expression. This isn't over yet. The man then pulled out a sharp knife from his pocket without the slightest hesitation. In front of Lanu, he gently made a cut on his arm. This crimson blood, completely different from the dark purple blood of the Shadow Clan, gushed out of the wound instantly. Now you should believe me, right?" The man said, wincing in pain. Looking at that glaring red, Lon Yu's last trace of doubt finally vanished. It can't be wrong. Only human blood is this color. He slowly loosened his grip on the sword hilt, but his vigilance did not completely subside. Lanu asked three questions in a row, his voice still cold. Who are you? Why are you here? And how did you recognize me? The man answered while frantically tending to his wound. My name is Lynn Fong and I am a member of the intelligence department of the filmmakers administration bureau. Lana was startled. I never expected to run into people from the administration bureau here. As for why I'm here, that's a long story. He looked up at Lanu, a rise smile appearing on his face. Let's talk somewhere else. It's too unsafe here. Come with me and our boss will explain everything to you personally. Lu frowned again. Your boss. Lynfong nodded, his tone carrying a hint of admiration. Yes, our boss. He is the backbone that allows us to stand here. He seemed to sense Lan Yus concerns and quickly added, "Don't worry, we have absolutely no ill intentions towards you. In fact, we've been looking for you for a long time." Linfangs expression turned somewhat strange, and he pointed to his eyes. As for how I recognized you, you might not believe it, but it's because our boss gave me a special blessing. Bless? Yes, our boss's contracted shadow spirit is an extremely rare and special support type shadow spirit called eye of truth. Chapter 324. What happened to your injury? It has an ability to bestow a blessing upon others called insightful eyes. Those who possess this blessing can see through most disguises and illusions to a certain extent. Lynfong explained, "Your disguise is superb. Most people would never be able to tell the difference. But I still managed to see something a miss in you thanks to this blessing. I see. Wu understood. Seeing that Lanu seemed to believe him, Lynf quickly led the way. Let's go. Our boss will be very happy to see you. Lyu pondered for a moment but ultimately decided to follow and see what was going on. He is now all alone and has no idea how to cross the sea of shadows. If these humans hidden in the shadow realm can really offer help, it would be a godsend for him. Even if the other party has ill intentions, he is confident that he can handle it with his current strength. Led by Lynn Foam, Lanu navigated through several intricate alleyways. Finally, they arrived at a seemingly unremarkable three-story stone building. A sign reading, "Black Sale Merchant Guild hangs at the entrance of the stone building, making it look like an ordinary business organization." Lyn Fong led Lan Yu through the back door, where a hidden world awaited them. The first floor is like a warehouse filled with all kinds of goods. The second and third floors were converted into living and office areas. People with human faces walk by from time to time. They all showed surprise and curiosity when they saw Lan Yu behind Lin Foam, but they all tacitly refrained from asking any questions and simply bowed in greeting. Although the Chamber of Commerce has a small number of members, it is wellorganized and highly disciplined. This made lawn you think more highly of the so-called Black Sale Chamber of Commerce. This is by no means an ordinary business organization. It is more like a disciplined militarized group. Lin phone led Lan Yu to the door of the innermost room on the third floor and gently knocked on the door. Boss, I'm back. I I brought him with me. There was a moment of silence in the room, followed by a slightly weak but powerful male voice. Let him in. Lynfong gestured to Lan Yu to please and then pushed open the door. Lanu stepped inside and a strong medicinal smell wafted towards him. The room was simply furnished with a bed, a table, and a few chairs. On that bed, a middle-aged man with a pale face and thick bandages wrapped around his chest was sitting against the headboard. The man looked to be in his 40s with a square face, thick eyebrows, and eyes that, though somewhat dimmed by his injuries, were still as sharp as an eagle's, he exuded a powerful yet restrained aura. Sevenstar powerhouse. Lan Yu's pupils contracted slightly and he instantly judged the opponent's strength. This is a genuine sevenstar expert and judging from the level of refinement of his aura, he is probably among the top sevenstar experts. You're Lu. The man looked at Lanu as he walked in and asked a question. His gaze swept over Lanu from head to toe. His eyes held a hint of scrutiny, but more than that, they conveyed a sense of relief and satisfaction. Lanu did not answer but simply looked at the other person calmly waiting for him to continue. He could sense that although the seven-star expert in front of him was seriously injured, he did not have any hostility towards him. The middle-aged man seemed to have gotten used to Lonu's indifferent attitude. He laughed self-deprecatingly and then struggled to sit up from the bed. Cough, cough. The violent movement aggravated his chest injury, causing him to cough violently and his face to become even paler. Boss Lynn Fong, who was standing nearby, quickly stepped forward to support him. The man waved his hand, indicating that Linfo didn't need to be nervous. He took a deep breath to calm himself before looking at Lanu again and introducing himself. I forgot to introduce myself. My name is Chin Sha, and I am the head of the Black Sale Chamber of Commerce here. He paused, seemingly considering his words, but finally decided to get straight to the point. Of course, the Black Sale merchant guild is just our public identity. Our true identity is the leader of the secret operations team stationed in shadow tide city by the third intelligence division of the shadowmaster administration bureau of the human world. Our third intelligence division has a rather unique job nature. We are mainly responsible for infiltrating deep into the film industry to collect various kinds of intelligence, monitor the movements of the major monarchical powers and provide early warnings of any unusual activity that may pose a threat to the human world. Chin Xans tone carried a hint of self-deprecation, but his eyes were filled with pride. Simply put, we are a bunch of rats that can't stand the light of day, gathering information on enemy territory. Shadow Tide City is the gateway to the Sea of Shadows, and its geographical location is extremely important. It is one of our most important intelligence outposts. We have been lurking here for more than a decade, posing as a local chamber of commerce. Lan Yu listened quietly and couldn't help but feel a sense of respect for these unsung heroes who fought in the heart of the enemy's territory. Chin Shan then changed the subject and brought up the issue that Lu was most concerned about. As for why we came to you about a month ago, we received an encrypted communication from Mr. Bayi, the director of theQing city branch. Director Bayi, Lan was somewhat surprised. Chin Shan nodded. That's right. Director Bay by Yi said in the communication that Lan Yu, the peerless genius of the Lawn family, unfortunately fell into the shadow realm due to an accident and his whereabouts are currently unknown. He hopes that our operatives infiltrating the film industry will keep a close eye on things and that if we get any news about you, we will provide as much assistance as we can while ensuring your safety. Chin Shan looked at Lan Yu, his eyes filled with emotion. To be honest, we were all quite disheartened when we received this news. The shadow realm is vast and fraught with danger. The chances of a six-star shadow master surviving a fall into it are extremely slim. At the time, we just tried our best and left the rest to fate. We mobilized all our connections to inquire, but we never heard anything. Shen Shan glanced at Lan Yu's unfathomable aura and sincerely praised him. I didn't expect that you not only survived, but you seem to be doing quite well. This is really not easy. In just over a month, he has made such a name for himself in the film industry, even killing the heir of the eternal night king. This is beyond what the word genius can describe. Hearing this, Lanu roughly understood the ins and outs of the matter. It turned out that director by had asked them to find him. I thought of that smiling tiger director who was always trying to lure me into the management bureau. Lanu couldn't help but feel a touch of warmth in his heart. He remembered this favor. My guard finally went down completely. Lanu glanced at the bandage on Shin Shans chest and took the initiative to ask, "What happened to your injury? Chapter 325. Welcome home." Since they were one of his own, he didn't mind offering a few words of concern. Upon hearing Lan Yus question, Chin Shans eyes visibly flickered. Lynn Foam, who was standing to the side, seemed to want to say something and opened his mouth as if to say something, but Chin Shan stopped him with a stern look. Chin Shan waved his hand, forcing a slightly forced smile, and explained casually. "Cough, it's nothing. I had a minor conflict with another chamber of commerce in the city a while ago over the ownership of a batch of goods, and I accidentally suffered a loss. It's just a minor injury, nothing serious. It'll be fine in a few days." Lanu sensed that the other party seemed to be hiding something. However, since the other party didn't want to talk about it, Lanu wasn't the kind of person who liked to pry. He nodded and didn't ask any further questions. Chin Shan proactively shifted the topic to what lawn you cared about most. You don't need to worry about going back. Our black sail merchant guild has been operating here for over a decade. Although we can't be considered a top tier power, we have still accumulated some connections. While void raven ships are rare, they are not entirely unobtainable. I've already asked someone to make contact, and we should have news in 3 days at most. Upon hearing this joyful news, Lanu solemnly thanked Chin Shan. This undoubtedly solved the biggest problem for him. Chin Shan waved his hand generously. Don't mention it. We're all human beings. It's only right to help each other in a god-for-saken place like the film industry. What's more, you are the younger brother of Blue Frost Hero and someone that director White Knights specifically asked to protect. We have to get you back safely no matter what. He looked at Lanu, a genuine smile on his face. Honestly, seeing you safe and sound has finally put a huge weight off our hearts. Welcome home, Lu. Welcome home, Lin Fong said with a smile. Hearing the long- awaited welcome home, I felt the kindness and care for my compatriots. Even Lon Yus heart, which had become cold and hardened from his solitary journey in the film industry, couldn't help but stir with a slight ripple. For the first time in a long time, he felt something called belonging in the film industry. This feeling is unfamiliar, but it's not bad. His nerves, which had been tense for so long, finally relaxed a little at this moment. That evening, Lu was arranged to rest in a guest room on the third floor of the Chamber of Commerce. Raymond Lamb thoughtfully prepared clean clothes and a sumptuous meal for him. Although the ingredients are all from the film industry, the taste is quite good after the chef's careful cooking. After eating and drinking his fill and taking a hot shower, Lanu lay down on the soft bed. Feeling this long- lost tranquility, I quickly drifted off to sleep. He slept very soundly and peacefully. However, early the next morning, a noisy argument woke him from his sleep. The sounds came from downstairs, mixed with arrogant shouts and angry rebukes. Lanu frowned, rolled over, and got out of bed. He walked to the window, opened it, and looked down. Two groups of people had gathered at the entrance of the Chamber of Commerce and were locked in a fierce standoff. The group of people were members of the Black Sale Chamber of Commerce led by Lynfo. They were all filled with righteous indignation holding weapons, but their faces showed a hint of bravado masking their inner weakness. Opposite them stood a group of Shadow Clan members dressed in uniform black outfits exuding a fierce aura. The leader was a tall, burly man with a menacing face and a thick gold chain around his neck who had only one eye. He was pointing his finger at Linfangs nose and spitting as he cursed arrogantly. Hey Lynn, don't push your luck. If you know what's good for you, hand over the business on those shipping routes at the East District Wararf. Otherwise, don't blame me for tearing down your lousy chamber of commerce today. Raymond Lamb was so angry he was trembling all over. Bach, don't push your luck. Those shipping routes were built up by our black sail merchant guild through hard work. Why should we give them to you? The oneeyed man named Boach seemed to have heard the biggest joke in the world. He burst into wild laughter, then abruptly stopped, his eyes turning sinister. On what grounds? Your boss, Chin Shan, is now a half-dead Without his protection, what is your black sail merchant guild worth? You have to pay this deal today, whether you like it or not. Boxmen behind him also burst into arrogant laughter. They were all eager to fight, their eyes filled with disdain and provocation as they looked at the Black Sale merchant guild members. Upstairs, Lu watched this scene, his eyes gradually turning cold. It seems that there was indeed more to Chin Shan's injury than meets the eye. These uninvited guests were there to take advantage of the chaos. The atmosphere at the entrance of the Black Sale merchant guild downstairs had reached a boiling point. Faced with box undisguised threats and provocations, Lin Fong and the other members of the Chamber of Commerce were so angry that their faces turned red and their fists clenched, but they dared not make a move. They knew perfectly well that what Bach said was true. Without Shin Shawn, a seven-star expert, to oversee things with their members, who are at most five stars, they are no match for Bach and his ferocious shark gang. Bach is a longtime local strongman in Shadow Tide City and is himself a powerful seven-star lord. He also kept a large number of desperatos under his command who were always arrogant, doineering, and unruly. With Chin Shan around before, Bach didn't dare to be too presumptuous. But now that Shin Shan is seriously injured and unable to get up, Bach, the shark that smelled blood, immediately pounced on him. They wanted to tear a piece of flesh from the Black Sale merchant guild. A young member of the Chamber of Commerce finally couldn't hold back any longer and roared with red eyes. Boach, don't forget our boss is only injured, not dead. And it's all because of you sons of Taking advantage of our boss's absence to launch a sneak attack from behind. You shameless bastards. Boach smile grew increasingly ferocious and smug. He pointed a finger to his temple and said in a sarcastic tone. A few days ago, he was wandering around outside the city like a headless fly, as if he was looking for something. They were so focused on their search that they didn't even notice anyone approaching. You know, if we brothers don't seize such a great opportunity, wouldn't we be letting down God's blessing? Box words were like a sharp knife piercing the hearts of every Black Sale merchant guild member present. These words were clearly transmitted to Lan Yus ears upstairs without missing a single one. He was wandering aimlessly outside the city as if looking for something. Lan Yus pupils suddenly contracted at that moment. He understood instantly. The reason why Chin Shan was so badly injured and why someone found an opportunity to ambush him is because of this. It wasn't about any ridiculous goods dispute at all. He was looking for himself. Because of director Bay's instructions, this team leader of the administration bureau whom he had never met before actually went out of the city in person. They risked great danger to search for their complete compatriots in the perilous wilderness of the film industry. That's why he revealed his weakness. These hyenas who had long coveted him seized the opportunity to ambush him and severely injure him. It can be said that Shin Shan's current predicament is partly due to his own actions. He was not a sentimental person, but he was someone who would repay kindness and avenge wrongs. Shin Shan was imprisoned because of himself, and he acknowledged that this cause was his own doing. So, the arrogant and reckless guys downstairs are the fruit he needs to pay for. Chapter 3:26. I'm starting to admire you. Bach lost his patience. He shook his neck, producing a series of cracking sounds. So, Lynn, have you made up your mind yet? I'll give you one last 10 seconds to consider. If you don't obediently hand over the land deeds and air route transfer agreement after 10 seconds, don't blame me for being ruthless. 10. Nine. Boach began to count down loudly, and the members of the mad shark gang behind him grinned and raised their weapons, closing in step by step. The powerful fluctuations of shadow energy converged into a heavy pressure, making it almost impossible for Lin Fong and the others to breathe. Linfangs face turned deathly pale and his forehead was covered in cold sweat. He knew he probably couldn't avoid this hurdle today. He was even prepared to fight to the death to risk everything. However, just as Bach counted to three, a calm, even somewhat lazy voice suddenly came from the second floor of the Chamber of Commerce. What's all this noise so early in the morning? Can a person get some sleep? The sudden sound startled everyone present. box countdown abruptly stopped and he looked up in confusion in the direction from which the sound came. On the second floor corridor, a seemingly ordinary young man dressed in plain black clothes was leaning lazily against the railing with his hands in his pockets, looking at them with a disgruntled expression. It was Lu Bach, seeing that Lu was just a seemingly harmless young man, flew into a rage and pointed at him, launching into a tirade of abuse. Who the hell do you think you are? Do you even have the right to speak here? Lynfong and the members of the Black Sale Chamber of Commerce changed their expressions drastically when they saw Lanu appear. Lynfong hurriedly shouted upstairs, "Mr. Lawn, why did you come out? It's dangerous here. You should go back." In his view, Lanu was someone that director by specifically wanted to protect. But after all, he's only a six-star shadow master. Getting involved in a conflict of this magnitude is tantamount to suicide. Lanu upstairs merely glanced at Bach indifferently before turning his gaze to Lynf. I remember you told me last night that your shadow tide city has a rule that irreconcilable conflicts between factions can be resolved by going to the death arena. Lynf paused for a moment, then nodded subconsciously, "Yes, there is such a rule. Why? This is an ancient tradition that has been passed down in shadow tide city for over a hundred years in order to avoid large-scale power struggles that could cause devastating damage to the city. Any conflict between forces can be resolved through a one-on-one life or death duel. The winner will have everything. The loser will lose everything, including their life. Wanu nodded. That makes things easier. He leaped down from the second floor railing and landed lightly in front of the black sail merchant guild members. Then to everyone's astonishment, he stared directly at Bach, whose face was filled with ecstasy. He said it calmly in an unquestionable tone. "Come to the arena for a fight to the death. I'll fight you." The entire scene fell into a deathly silence at that moment. Everyone stared blankly at the figure, which wasn't particularly tall, as if they had been frozen in place. But at this moment, the blackclad youth seemed to stand tall and upright. A six-star shadow master is going to challenge a well-established seven-star lord level expert. Has he gone mad? After a brief silence, a deafening roar of laughter erupted from the mad shark gang s ranks. Haha. What did I just hear? This kid said he wants to go to the death match with our boss. Is he scared out of his wits? A mere six-star brat dares to challenge boss Boach. I think he's tired of living and wants a quick and painless death. The mad shark gang laughed so hard they almost cried. Their gazes toward Lonu were filled with disdain and mockery. It's like watching a presumptuous clown. Bach himself was also taken aback. Then a cruel and mocking smile appeared on that fleshy face. He walked step by step to Lanu, looking down at him with his one intact eye. It was as if they were admiring a toy that they were about to crush with their own hands. His voice became a little horse with excitement. Kid, do you know what you're saying? The death match is a death trap. Are you sure you want to risk your life for these trash? Lanu didn't even bother to look at him and simply uttered for words impatiently. You talk too much nonsense. You Bach's face instantly turned a deep liver color. In all his years in the industry, he had never seen such an arrogant six-star kid. Bach enraged laughed coldly and waved his hand at his henchmen behind him. Fine. Very well. Since you're courting death, I'll grant your wish. Go bring me the death warrant. I'm going to twist your head off in front of the whole city today. Soon, a death warrant made of special animal hide, emitting a faint smell of blood was delivered to the two of them. On the black sail merchant guild side, Lynfo was so anxious he was almost in tears. He grabbed Lan Yus arm, his voice trembling. Mr. Lu, no, you can't sign. Other members of the Chamber of Commerce also spoke up to dissuade him. Although they were grateful that Lanu stood up for them at this time, Rezen told them that this was tantamount to throwing an egg against a rock. Lu ignored their advice and simply patted Linfangs shoulder lightly. Don't worry, I know what I'm doing. I'll handle this. His calm tone contained a powerful and reassuring confidence. Lynfong looked at Lanu's calm and composed eyes. For some reason, the anxiety and fear in my heart miraculously subsided. He opened his mouth as if to say something, but in the end, he chose to believe. He silently led everyone to retreat to the side. Lanu picked up the death warrant, but didn't even look at its contents. He picked up the pen next to him and signed his name in a flamboyant manner in the column representing the Black Sale merchant guild. Then he handed the death warrant to Boach. It's your turn. Bach snorted coldly, took the death warrant, and signed his name on the other side without hesitation. Bach put away the death warrant. a cat and mouse smile spreading across his face. "Kid, you've got guts. I'm starting to admire you." He stretched out his large fan-like hand and patted Lanu's shoulder heavily. It seems they wanted to give this arrogant brat a taste of his own medicine before the battle even began. To show my appreciation for you, I'll make sure you die a quick death in the ring later. He used tremendous force. One strike was enough to pulverize a hard rock. He could almost see Lan Yu kneeling on the ground, bones shattered and blood gushing from his mouth after being struck by his palm. However, the smile on his face suddenly froze the next second. His palm was about an inch away from Lanu's shoulder. Was firmly grasped by a hand that didn't look particularly thick, but was as strong as an iron clamp. It's Lu's hand. Chapter 327. Using a sledgehammer to crack a nut. Boach frowned somewhat surprised. This kid's reaction speed is pretty fast, but so what? He sneered, then suddenly exerted force on his wrist, trying to forcefully break free from Lanu's grip and press his palm down again. In his view, even if a mere six-star shadowmaster had the fastest reaction time in terms of strength, they could not possibly contend with a seven-star powerhouse like myself. However, he soon realized he was wrong. That's completely wrong. He used 70% of his strength, but the hand remained completely still. He used all his strength, but the hand remained completely still. Lan Yus hand seemed to be welded to his wrist, and no matter how much he activated his shadow energy or used all his strength, he couldn't budge it an inch. How is that possible? Box heart was filled with a tremendous upheaval. Fine beads of cold sweat began to appear on his forehead. He's a seven-star lord level powerhouse. In terms of physical strength alone, he is easily among the top five in the entire Shadow Tide city. How could he not even beat a six-star kid? This doesn't make sense. This is completely illogical. He looked up at Lan Yu in shock. Lu maintained his calm and composed expression. She didn't even glance at him, but simply said indifferently, "You've put your hand in the wrong place." As he spoke, Lanu gently lifted the hand that was holding his wrist. Boach felt a terrifying force that he could not resist. His body weighing several hundred lb was actually propelled by this force causing him to stagger and nearly fall to the ground and Lanu lightly removed his hand which had been grabbed from his shoulder. Then he put it back to his side. The whole process was smooth and effortless. It was as if what he had just raised was not the arm of a sevenstar lord level expert but a weightless straw. The surrounding air seemed to freeze at that moment. Bach was stunned. He stared blankly at his hand, which was still trembling slightly, looking again at the indifferent young man before her. An unprecedented chill surged up from the depths of her heart. It wasn't until this moment that he finally realized something seemed wrong. But the death warrant had already been signed, and with countless people in Ingcha City as witnesses, there was no turning back. See you at the arena in the west of the city in 1 hour. Lan Yu ignored him and turned to walk back into the Chamber of Commerce after saying those words. As he passed by Boach, he whispered something in a voice only the two of them could hear. I hope you can make it through one round. News of the life or death arena swept through the entire shadow tide city like a whirlwind within half an hour. An unknown six-star kid is going to challenge the well-known leader of the Mad Shark gang, the Sevenstar Bach. The most explosive news in Ingia City recently. Countless busy bodies, gamblers, and spies from various factions flocked from every corner of the city to the life or death arena in the west of the city. I want to witness this lopsided match firsthand. The West City arena is a huge circular arena built from black boulders. In the center of the arena was a wide arena with a diameter of 100 m. The ground covered with marks from knife and axe cuts. Dark blood seeped into the cracks in the stone. It silently tells the story of the countless bloody battles that have taken place here. When Lan Yu and Bach walked onto the ring one after the other, the surrounding stands were already packed with people with no seats available. Look, is that kid in black the challenger? He looks too ordinary, doesn't he? Does he really have six-star strength? Who knows? But he's facing Boss Bach. That's a ruthless character. There are at least eight or 10 powerful people who have died at his hands. Is there even a need to gamble? I'm betting on Boss Bach to win one move. I bet Boss Bach can take him down in one move. I'm betting on Boach, too. That kid's just a money grubbing idiot. The stands were filled with a cacophony of voices, discussions, cheers, and curses. Almost everyone overwhelmingly favored Bach. In their view, the outcome of the fight was a foregone conclusion. The only question was how many moves the reckless challenger could withstand from Bach. Lyn Fong and others from the Black Sale Chamber of Commerce were also squeezed into a corner of the crowd. They all looked nervous, their palms sweaty. A young member asked in a low voice, his voice filled with unease. Brother Lynn, do you think Mr. Lan, you can really do it? Lynn Fangs lips moved. Since Mr. Lan was able to escape from the Eternal Night King's avatar, he has also made such a name for himself in the shadow realm. They must have something to be confident about. He just didn't know how much of a chance he had of winning on the ring. Box face was so gloomy it was almost dripping with water. He ignored the cheers and shouts of encouragement around him. His single eye was fixed on Lanu opposite him. His gaze filled with somnity and apprehension. The previous contest of strength had completely dispelled any sense of contempt in him. This kid in front of me is definitely not as simple as he seems. He is a monster. A terrifying monster disguised as a six-star monster. a powerful figure in the stands, well acquainted with Bach, loudly joked, "Hey Boach, what's wrong? You look terrible. What's wrong? You're getting nervous just from beating a noob." Boach ignored the man's teasing, took a deep breath, and began to circulate his internal energy wildly. He knew that today's battle was the most dangerous one he had ever faced since his debut. When? With a long, drawn out chime, the referee in charge of the arena announced loudly. The arena for life and death begins now. The moment the words left his mouth, Boach moved. He didn't test me in the slightest, nor did he hold anything back. Roar! A beastly roar erupted from his mouth, and the muscles throughout his body swelled wildly at a visible speed. Black shadow energy erupted from his body like flames, enveloping his entire body. His body began to undergo drastic changes, and hard black scales grew on his skin. Its hands transformed into sharp claws and a tail covered in bone spurs even grew from its back. Shadow transformation and it's a deep cinematic experience. My god. Boss Bach immediately transformed into a shadow form right from the start. Is it really necessary to go to such lengths to deal with a mere six-star kid? They're planning to kill them in one fell swoop, giving them no chance. The audience in the stands were stunned. They had no idea what Bach was doing. In their view, this was completely overkill. However, they had no idea of the immense pressure Bach was under at that moment. Only he himself knew that if he didn't activate his shadow transformation, he might not even be able to withstand a single move from his opponent. 70% of his physical form activated, box speed, and power reached a whole new level. His figure left an after image in place, and in an instant, he covered a distance of dozens of meters and appeared in front of Lanu. The gleaming claws accompanied by a shrill whistling sound as they tore through the air, viciously clawed towards Lan Yu's heart. Chapter 328. Mad sand Bandit group. He used all his strength in that claw strike. He was confident that even a fellow Sevenstar expert would not dare to take his full force attack head-on. However, they were faced with a fatal blow that could shatter stone and split rocks. Lan Yus face remained calm and composed. He didn't even move an inch. Just a moment before box claws were about to touch him. He slowly raised his right hand and clenched his fist. Then he simply threw a punch. There were no fancy filming techniques, no dazzling lighting effects, and not even the slightest bit of wind was stirred up. It was such a simple and unadorned punch. To everyone else, the punch was slow and weak like a child playing around. However, the moment Lu's fist collided with box claws, boom! A terrifying roar seemingly capable of shattering the entire world suddenly exploded. A visible white wave of energy suddenly spread out from the two of them. The hard black stone arena cracked inch by inch under the impact of this shock wave, collapsing and sinking nearly half a meter in an instant. The entire arena shook violently. The spectators in the stands were thrown about by the sudden shockwave. They were all dizzy and their ears were ringing. When they finally regained their footing and turned their attention back to the center of the ring, the scene before them made everyone hold their breath. All that could be seen were the ruins of the arena. Bach, the arrogant leader of the mad shark gang, remained motionless, still in his lunging, claw wielding pose. His face still bore traces of ferocity and madness. Opposite him, the young man in black was also in a punching stance. His expression remained calm. Time seemed to stand still at that moment. The next second, crack. A soft cracking sound rang out. Suddenly, a tiny crack appeared on Box's claw that had made contact with Lan Yus fist. Then, the crack spread out like a spiderweb at a speed visible to the naked eye, from his claws to his arms, to his shoulders, and then to his entire chest. Eventually, it spread throughout his entire body. Bang! A soft sound. Boach's enormous and ferocious shadow form shattered like a broken piece of porcelain. It transformed into a shower of blood, flesh, and broken bones, falling heavily and staining the dilapitated arena a shocking dark red. One strike sold out instantly, whose strength reached seven stars, whose shadow transformation was 70% activated, and who was infamous in Shadow Tide City. Just like that, he was punched into a pile of minced meat by that seemingly ordinary six-star youth. The entire room fell silent. You could hear a pin drop. Everyone's brains completely shut down because of the shocking and bloody scene before them. They stared blankly at the blackclad youth who stood amidst the rain of blood, slowly withdrawing his fist, his clothes spotless. An emotion called fear originating from the depths of their souls grew wildly and spread, eventually engulfing them completely. Boach's body exploded into a shower of blood in the horrified gazes of countless people. This highly anticipated life or death arena came to an end in the most shocking and unbelievable way. The entire arena fell into a long deathly silence. No one cheered, no one shouted, and no one even dared to breathe loudly. All eyes were fixed on the blackclad youth standing in the center of the ruins of the arena. His expression indifferent. There was no longer a trace of contempt or mockery in his eyes. All that remains is the purest, deepest awe and fear. One punch. With just one punch, he blasted a seven-star powerhouse who had activated 70% of his shadow transformation into dust. What terrifying power this is. Is this really something a six-star shadowmaster could do? No one present was a fool. They instantly realized how terribly wrong they had been. That evening, the Black Sale merchant guilds headquarters was brightly lit and decorated with an atmosphere as lively as a festival. Chin Shan lay on the bed listening to Lin phone recount with great enthusiasm everything that had happened on the arena during the day. Long lost smile appeared on that pale face caused by the injuries. Good, good, well done. He couldn't help but slap the bed and shout loudly, which aggravated his wound and caused a violent coughing fit. I knew that someone who could be valued by director by Yei and have the eternal night king issue a million-dollar bounty was no ordinary person. I didn't expect that I had greatly underestimated him. Chin Shans eyes gleamed with wonder. One punch to kill a seven-star expert. What kind of combat power is that? Even an ordinary seven-star expert might not be able to do it so decisively. Future achievements of this prodigy from the Lawn family are limitless. Boss, just focus on recovering. With Bach dead, the Mad Shark gang is leaderless and completely disorganized. I have already taken over their territory and business today. From now on, the eastern district of Shadow Tide City will be under the control of our Black Sale merchant guild. Lynfong said excitedly. Chin Shan nodded with satisfaction. Then, as if remembering something, said to Lynfong, "By the way, how's the void raven ship thing going?" When this was mentioned, Lynfang smile froze for a moment and then he looked somewhat embarrassed. "Boss, this matter has run into some trouble." "What trouble?" Chin Shan frowned. Lynfong said with a bitter face. The seller I contacted before had already agreed on a price, but today he suddenly changed his mind and said he wouldn't sell the boat anymore. Not selling anymore? Why is the price too low? No. Lin Fong shook his head. He said that the ship was forcibly requisitioned by a more powerful family in the city. Which family dares to be so doineering in shadow tide city? Chin Shans face darkened. Lyn Fong lowered his voice and uttered a name that made Chin Shan's expression change. It is Falcon S. nest. The Falcon s nest. Chin Shan gasped. If the Mad Shark gang was just a local tyrant in Shadow Tide City before, so the Falcon's Nest is the real bird of prey that soarses over this city. Ancient ShadowClan family bound by blood ties whose strength was unfathomable. She acts with extreme tyranny and the head of her family is known as Lady Black Falcon. He is also a genuine eight-star powerhouse. In a shadow tide city, Falcon S ne Nest is undoubtedly the local tyrant and no one dares to provoke it. What do they need the void raven ship for? Chin Shan asked puzzled. Lynfangs expression turned somewhat strange. I inquired about it. It is said that some time ago, Mrs. Black Falcon s beloved granddaughter was kidnapped by a band of thieves called Mad Sand while she was out. Although she was eventually rescued, she was quite frightened. Lady Black Falcon was furious and immediately ordered that the entire Mad Sand Bandit gang be wiped out at all costs. Chapter 329. A simple test. So, she is recruiting powerful individuals and promising that whoever makes a great contribution in this operation will receive the void raven ship as a reward. Chin Shan muttered the name, then suddenly remembered something. The Mad Sand Bandits. I remember we investigated before. The Bach who was killed by Mr. Lanu during the day seemed to be a minor leader of the mad sand Bandit gang. Linfong nodded. Silence fell over the room. Chin Shan and Linfong both realized how difficult the situation was. Just then, Lan Yu, who had been standing silently listening to their conversation, suddenly spoke up. So, as long as you participate in this anti-banded operation and make contributions, you can get that ship. Lynfong nodded hesitantly. Theoretically speaking, that's how it is. However, the requirements for recruiting strong individuals for this Falcon s nest are extremely high. It is said that at the very least, one must be at the level of a seven-star lord to be eligible to participate. Sevenstar lords Lin Fong and Chin Sha exchanged a glance, both seeing the helplessness in each other's eyes. Although Chin Sha is a sevenstar, he is currently seriously injured and unable to fight. Apart from Chin Sha, the entire Black Sale merchant guild could not find another sevenstar expert. Is this last hope about to be shattered? Seven stars is enough. Lanu nodded thoughtfully. H Mr. L Yuyu Chin Shan and Linfong both looked at him with suspicion. Lan Yu didn't explain. He just said calmly, "Leave this to me." As he spoke, a black metal sphere with intricate patterns engraved on its surface appeared in his hand. He casually tossed the ball to the ground. Boom! With a muffled thud, a terrifying puppet nearly 4 m tall, made entirely of menacing black metal, and with crimson electronic eyes burning in its eyes, suddenly appeared in the room. A terrifying pressure so powerful it was suffocating, belonging to the level of a seven-star lord, instantly enveloped the entire room. It was that seven-star puppet. This This is Chin Shan and Linfo were so shocked by this sudden scene that their eyes almost popped out of their sockets. They stared blankly at the terrifying war machine before them, their minds completely blank. Sevenstar puppet, Mr. Lan Yu, he actually possesses a seven-star level combat puppet. Lyn Fong stammered, his voice trembling. Youu intend to use it for the Falcon s nest operation? Lanu nodded, looked at Chin Shan, and said, "I need your help. I need you to help me disguise it as a real Shadow Clan member so that at least on the surface, no one can tell it's a puppet." Chin Shan looked at the majestic puppet, then at Lan Yu, who had a calm expression. The shock in my heart was beyond words. He took a deep breath, forcibly suppressing the turmoil in his heart, and nodded heavily. "No problem. Our third intelligence division happens to have a special disguise technique called biomorphic skin. Although it has a limited lifespan, it's more than enough to fool ordinary detectives." Lanu nodded in satisfaction. "That's good. With Chin Shan's help and utilizing the bureau's special secret technique, biomorphic skin, Lanu's sevenstar puppet quickly changed its appearance. A layer of black skin, as thin as a cicada's wing, but full of life, covered the puppet's cold metal shell. The scarlet electronic eye was also covered by a simulated eye membrane. It turned into a deep dark purple, indistinguishable from the true Shadow Clan. At this moment, the Sevenstar puppet has completely transformed into a ShadowClan warrior with an exceptionally tall and robust physique, a cold and stern face, and a powerful aura. Apart from being a size larger than ordinary Shadow Clan members, there was no other trace of a puppet. Chin Shan looked at his masterpiece and nodded in satisfaction. The effect of this biomimetic skin can last for 3 days. Unless detected by a special reconnaissance technique, an ordinary eightstar expert could easily detect them using their mental power without being exposed. Lanu nodded. That's enough. The next day, with Linfangs introduction, Lan Yu controlled the disguised sevenstar puppet. The Falcon S Nest mansion as a wandering lord known as Black Rock to participate in the recruitment test for the strong. The Falcon S Nest Manor is located in the heart of Shadow Tide City. It is a vast and luxurious estate. Lanu followed the guide through the ornately decorated corridors. Finally, they arrived at a spacious training ground. More than a dozen powerful shadow masters had already gathered in the training ground. Without exception, they were all powerful individuals at the sevenstar lord level. They stood in twos and threes, sizing each other up, their eyes filled with vigilance and weariness. When Lan Yu controlling Black Rock entered the training ground, his terrifying height of nearly 4 meters immediately attracted everyone's attention. They felt the undisguised sevenstar pressure emanating from Black Rock. The powerful figures present all became more serious. Just then, a clear, cold, and authoritative female voice came from the high platform at the end of the training ground. Everyone's here. Let's begin the test. Lana looked up at the high platform. A woman was sitting on the main seat of the high platform, and no one knew when. A woman who looked very young, no more than 30 years old, yet exuded a chilling and terrifying aura. She wore a gorgeous black dress, and her long black hair was casually draped over her shoulders. She was extremely beautiful, but she wore an exquisite black eye patch over her left eye. This did not detract from her beauty. On the contrary, it added to her mysterious and dangerous aura. It star powerhouse. Lanus mind suddenly sharpened. Is this woman the head of the Falcon Nest family, Lady Black Falcon? What a powerful aura. This pressure was even stronger than that of the eternal night king incarnate that he encountered in Sky City. Black Falcon s unblenmished, right? I swept indifferently over everyone present. The test is very simple. See that trial stone? Use your strongest attacks to leave marks on it. Those that are more than 3 in deep will pass. Following her gaze, everyone saw a black stone tablet, more than 3 m tall, standing in the center of the training ground. The stone tablet exudes an ancient and profound aura, clearly indicating that it is no ordinary object. The test began quickly. One by one, the seven star lords stepped forward and unleashed their signature skills, bombarding the trial stone. Boom! Bang! The deafening roar continued, and the powerful shadow techniques caused the ground of the training ground to tremble continuously. However, the black trial stone was more solid than anyone could have imagined. Most of the seven star lords could only leave a shallow white mark on it. Less than an inch deep, no matter how hard they tried. After seven or eight people took the test, not a single one passed. This made the faces of the powerful individuals who hadn't yet been tested turn ugly. Finally, it was Lon Yu's turn to control Black Rock. Chapter 330. Red Serpent. Under everyone's watchful eyes, Black Rockck walked heavily to the trial stone. He didn't use any fancy shadow techniques. He simply raised his iron fist, which was thicker than an average person's thigh. Then, he threw a punch thump. A deep resounding boom, like the sound of a great bell, echoed throughout the entire training ground. Everyone felt the ground beneath their feet suddenly jolt as if a small earthquake had occurred. When the smoke cleared, everyone looked closely and gasped in shock. On the indestructible black trial stone, a fist-shaped imprint half a foot deep and with perfectly smooth edges was clearly imprinted. The power of that single punch was terrifying. On the high platform, a hint of surprise finally flashed in Lady Black Falcon s single eye. She took a deep look at the tall figure and slowly nodded. You passed. The test continued and ultimately only three people including Black Rock controlled by Lon Yu passed the test. Very good. Lady Black Falcon stood up from her seat. The three of you who have passed the test, please follow me. I will explain the specific action plan to you. With that, she turned and walked down the platform, heading deeper into the manor. Lan Yu and the other two strong individuals who passed the test immediately followed. Shortly after they left the training ground, a figure slowly emerged from the shadows of the high platform. A tall man dressed in black samurai attire whose face bore a resemblance to Lady Black Falcon. But he is a middle-aged man with a more composed and reserved demeanor. If Lana were here, he would definitely discover that this man's strength had actually reached the terrifying peak of the eighth star. Black Falcon had returned to the platform at some point. She looked at the man and asked him a question. Brother, what do you think? It turned out that this man was her own brother. The man looked in the direction Lan Yu and the others had left and slowly spoke. That big guy called Black Rock is interesting. Black Falcon nodded. His strength is indeed quite good. The power of that punch is top tier even among seven Star Lords, but it shouldn't warrant this much attention, right? Upon hearing this, the man shook his head, a strange smile appearing on his face. Little sister, you're still too young and have poor eyesight. Black Falcon frowned. What's the meaning? The man countered with a question. Do you really think that's a living person? Black Falcon s body stiffened abruptly and an incredulous light flashed in her single eye. You mean it was a puppet? The man nodded. That's right. Puppets of this caliber are quite rare. Black Falcon muttered to herself, a glint of greed flashing in her eyes. Sevenstar puppet. If only our falcon nest could have one. The man immediately interrupted her. Don't get any funny ideas. Black Falcon was puzzled. Why? No matter how strong it is, it's still just a puppet. Its master is at most a seven-star puppeteer, right? The man shook his head, his gaze becoming more serious than ever before. No, I just secretly investigated using a secret technique. That young man who was Black Rockck's henchman was the one who controlled the puppet. Although it looks like he's only six stars, I can sense that his physical strength has already surpassed the sevenstar level. even stronger than us eight star beings. That feeling, I've only ever felt it in the incarnations of monarchs. The man lowered his voice even further. And it seems that something slumbers within him. An extremely terrifying being that makes my soul tremble at the mere sight of it. Just as I was trying to investigate further, that terrifying being seemed to be awakened. I felt a cold gaze pierce through space and land on me. At that moment, I felt like my soul was about to freeze. Black Falcon was completely stunned. What? An incarnation of a monarch? A terrifying entity slumbering within him? The amount of information was so overwhelming that it left her brain a little overwhelmed. Brother, you mean? The person controlling the puppet is the heir of a king and even possessed by the king's avatar. The man nodded and said with lingering fear, "Pretty close. Only an existence of this caliber could produce a toy like the Sevenstar puppet." Black Falcon was starting to panic. Then what should we do now? What does he want by infiltrating our group? Should we apologize to him? The monarch was a colossal figure that local powerful families like them could not possibly contend with. The man shook his head. Need not since he doesn't want to reveal his identity and chose to join us in this way. He must have his own reasons. We just need to proceed according to the original plan and treat him as an ordinary sevenstar expert. Never try to be clever and do unnecessary things. Otherwise, if we disturb this important figure and anger him, our entire falcon nest might be reduced to ashes overnight. Hearing her brother's solemn warning, Mrs. Black Falcon nodded vigorously, her back already soaked with cold sweat. She looked at the magnificent council chamber in the distance. He secretly told himself that he must treat Black Rock like an ancestor. In a secret room deep within the Falcon s nest mansion, Black Falcon personally explained the specific plan for this operation to Lan Yu and the other two strong individuals who had passed the test. The plan was simple, even somewhat crude. Falcon S Nest has located the Mad Sand Bandit gang stronghold through intelligence, an island called Bone Island, located in the nearshore area of the Sea of Shadows. What they had to do was launch a surprise attack on Bone Island three nights later aboard the Falcon S nest fleet. The entire bandit gang was wiped out, leaving no one alive. As for who gets the void raven ship, that will be determined by the number and level of enemies each party kills during this operation. Whoever makes the greatest contribution gets the boat. This simple and direct allocation method immediately aroused the fighting spirit of the other two sevenstar lords. Their eyes were filled with undisguised competition. Only Lu remained silent, controlling the Black Rock puppet from beginning to end, seemingly indifferent to everything. But in reality, his attention was always focused on one of the women. She was a woman with a voluuptuous figure wearing a red tight-fitting leather suit and a hideous scar on her face. Her name is Red Serpent, and she is a well-known lone lord near Shadow Tide City. He was known for his ruthlessness and unparalleled whip skills. From the moment they arrived at the training ground, Lyu had keenly sensed that the woman's gaze always carried a subtle hint of hostility. Chapter 331. Double rewards. It was a subtle but real hostility. At first, Lanu thought he was just overthinking things. After all, they are all competitors vying for the void raven ship. So, it's normal for them to have some animosity towards each other. But when Lady Black Falcon finished announcing the operation plan, everyone was preparing to leave the secret room. Lazy but warning voice echoed in Lan Yus mind. Kid, watch out for that woman who plays with the whip. She wants to kill you. Lanu suddenly stopped in his tracks. He responded in his heart. Oh. Upon receiving Nidhog's confirmation, Lanu was immediately filled with deep doubt. He was 100% certain that this was the first time he had met this woman named Red Serpent. Why would she harbor such strong murderous intent towards me when we have no grudge against each other? Could she be connected to the eternal night pavilion? Or is she connected to the people she killed before? Countless possibilities flashed through Lan Yu's mind in an instant. He followed the others out of the secret room without making a sound. However, the six senses had already been activated, locking onto every move of the red serpent. After leaving the secret room, Chien did not immediately leave the Falcon S nest mansion. Instead, he used the excuse of needing to use the restroom to turn into a secluded corridor on the side of the street. She looked around wearily. After confirming that no one was around, he slipped into an empty little garden. Then, she pulled out a palms-sized black bone fragment covered with strange runes from her bosom. She infused her shadow energy into the bone fragment, and a dim light immediately shone on the fragment, forming a small communication array. Hey, it's me, Chileian said in a low voice to the magic circle. A horsemail voice soon came from the other end of the magic circle. Red Serpent, how's the situation? Did you manage to infiltrate? Chileian quickly explained the action plan. Yes, the test has been passed. Falcon S nest will launch a full-scale attack on Bone Island in 3 days. On the other side of the magic circle, said with a cold laugh, 3 days later, very good. That's enough time for us to make the arrangements. O does that old hag black falcon really think we mad sand are such easy targets this time we'll make sure she doesn't leave alive sheen's tone suddenly became incredibly venomous and cold by the way I have some good news for you the murderer who killed Bach also participated in this operation on the other side of the magic circle was clearly also taken aback what he actually dares to come gritted her teeth and said of course he dared to come because he had no idea that Bach was one of our men. I didn't even know that Bach was my husband. Chi Leian's voice trembled violently with extreme hatred. Boss, I need your help. When the time comes to make your move, after you take down the people from Falcon's nest, you must leave that guy to me. I will capture him with my own hands, tear him to pieces, skin him alive. I will make him suffer every kind of pain in the world to avenge Boach. On the other side of the magic circle, remained silent for a moment, but finally agreed. Okay, I promise you if the plan succeeds, that kid will be yours to deal with. A ferocious and gleeful smile appeared on Chiians face. Thank you, boss. However, just as she was satisfied and cut off the communication, preparing to put away the bone fragments. A voice tinged with amusement and a cold laugh suddenly rang out behind her. So, she's that short-lived guy's girlfriend. I thought some big shot was plotting against me. Chileen's body stiffened abruptly, as if struck by lightning. The smile on her face froze instantly. A terrifying chill enough to freeze one's soul shot straight from her tailbone to the top of her head. She stiffly turned her head inch by inch. Then she saw a face with a faint smile that she would never forget in her life. It was Lanu. He had appeared silently behind him without him even noticing. He just stood there quietly like a grim reaper waiting for his prey to walk into his trap. Lan Yu looked at her face, contorted with extreme fear, and the curve of his lips grew even colder. Talking badly about others behind their backs is not a good habit, especially in front of me, the person in question. When When did you About 10 minutes later, inside the council hall of Falcon s Nest, Black Falcon and her brother were watching as Lanu's puppet was dragged around like a dead dog and thrown into the center of the hall. Chile Leanne, who had already fainted, had a furrowed brow. Black Falcon looked at Lan Yu, her eyes filled with scrutiny and suspicion. You're saying she's a spy planted by the Mad Sand Bandit Gang? Lan Yu ignored her suspicions and simply manipulated the puppet to throw a memory crystal over. See for yourself. Black Falcon s brother reached out and caught the crystal, then infused it with his shadow energy. The next second, a clear image of light and shadow was projected into the air. The scene shows the entire process of Chiian secretly communicating with the leader of the mad sand Bandit gang in the small garden. You bastard. How dare you betray my falcon s nest. Mrs. Black Falcon was furious. She slammed her hand on the table and a terrifying eight-star pressure erupted, shaking the entire hall. Black Falcon s brother walked up to Red Serpent and squatted down beside her. He reached out a hand and placed it on Chileen's crown. Since she's a spy, let her make the most of her last bit of contribution. As the man spoke, a cold glint flashed in his eyes. A strange black aura surged from his palm and instantly entered Chileians body. Chileians unconscious body trembled violently and then began to wither and shrivel at a visible speed. Her life force vanished completely within seconds. Strangely, her body did not stiffen like a real corpse. Instead, it remained supple. The man withdrew his hand, stood up, and said calmly, "All right." Suddenly, Chilean, who had been dead, slowly stood up from the ground. Her eyes were empty, her face expressionless like a soulless puppet. "This is" Lanu looked at this scene, a hint of surprise flashing in his eyes. "Our Falcon Nest unique secret technique, corpse puppet technique," the man explained, seemingly noticing Lanu's confusion. It is possible to refine a recently deceased corpse into a puppet that is absolutely obedient to commands. However, this crude refining method has many limitations. It can only last for 3 days at most, after which the corpse will completely decompose and dissipate. He glanced at the woodenly standing red serpent, a cold smile curving his lips. But 3 days is enough for us. Should we turn the tables on them? Lanu instantly understood the other party's plan. They intended to use this fake crimson serpent to send false information to the mad sand Bandit gang, luring them into a trap. Such ruthless methods. Lanu thought to himself, "No wonder they are families that can build such a powerful force in a place like Shadow Tide City. None of them are easy to deal with." Black Falcon s brother suddenly turned his gaze towards Lanu, a kind smile spreading across his face. Lord Black Rockck, thanks to you, we were able to discover this traitor in advance, thus avoiding huge losses. Falcon S. Nest will remember this kindness. He paused, then continued to express my gratitude. Even if the mission fails, I will still present you with that void raven ship. If successful, the reward will be doubled. Lanu raised an eyebrow in surprise. He hadn't expected the other party to be so decisive. Many pondered for a moment, then nodded, controlling the puppet. Can chapter 332, the second incarnation. Meanwhile, on the other side of the film world, at the bottom of a hidden abyss lake. This place is not a desolate wasteland, but a vast and astonishing underground world. Countless deep blue crystals were embedded in the dome, emitting a faint light that illuminated the solemn and magnificent city below. This city is the true headquarters of the Eternal Night Pavilion, a secret place that even many high-ranking figures in the film industry have never heard of. At this moment, the huge square in the city center is teeming with people. Tens of thousands of ShadowClan members were led by the blackclad assassins of the Eternal Knight Pavilion to gather here. Their faces were filled with piety and fervor as if they were about to attend a grand celebration. On the high platform at the very front of the square, a young man dressed in a magnificent black robe stood with his hands behind his back, coldly looking down at everything below. His name was Night Executioner, and he was one of the many successors under the eternal Knight King. A being whose strength and status are among the best, whose cultivation has already reached the terrifying eightstar realm. Lord Knight, Executioner, the men have all arrived. A blackclad assassin appeared silently behind him and reported respectfully. Ying nodded slightly without turning around. He took a step forward, his voice not loud, but clearly reaching the ears of everyone in the square. Gentlemen, you are all his majesty's most loyal subjects. Today, you will receive unparalleled glory, witnessing firsthand the descent of the king in his very presence. As soon as he finished speaking, the crowd below erupted in cheers, and a deafening roar of worship echoed throughout the underground world. They trembled with excitement, burying their heads deeply, unable to look directly at the imposing figure on the high platform. Ying looked down at the group of ignorant and fanatical believers. A barely perceptible sneer curling at the corner of his mouth. He continued in that seductive voice. However, his majesty is currently dealing with a crucial matter concerning the future of the entire shadow realm, and his avatar needs your help to descend. Are you willing to offer your strength to his majesty? Willing. The deafening response was filled with an unwavering spirit of dedication. Knight executioner smiled with satisfaction. He turned his head and nodded to the blackclad assassins behind him. Let's begin. In an instant, countless runes that had been placed around the square lit up simultaneously. A series of dark beams of light shot into the sky, intertwining to form a huge and complex ritual array above the plaza. A powerful and ancient aura emanated from the magic array. In the dim light, a blurry towering phantom of a monarch slowly coalesed in the center of the magic array. The people below were even more excited at the sight, prostrating themselves and shouting the king's name. However, they soon realized something was wrong. As the elucory image of the monarch became increasingly solid, an irresistible and terrifying suction force emanated from the magic array, the shadow energy and even the life essence within their bodies were forcibly extracted like a flood bursting its banks, surging wildly towards the elucory figures in the air. Ah, what's going on? My power. Help my my body. Terrified screams and painful whales instantly replaced the previous devout worship. People were horrified to discover that their bodies were shriveling and withering at a visible rate, turning into mummies devoid of all life. They tried to struggle and escape, but all their efforts were in vain before that terrifying ritual array. On the high platform, Yishing coldly looked down at the hell on earth below, his eyes showing no emotion. To him, these so-called subjects were nothing more than nourishment needed for the king's arrival. In just a few minutes, tens of thousands of lives in the square were completely drained, turning into a pile of bones. Having absorbed this immense life energy, the monarch's avatar finally solidified completely and stepped out from the void. He was a man so handsome he was almost otherworldly with long flowing black hair that cascaded down his back. Skin so fair it was almost translucent and features so exquisite they seemed like the work of a god. He simply stood there quietly, and a terrifying pressure that could make even an eight-star expert feel suffocated enveloped the entire space. Welcome, your majesty. Knight executioner and all the assassins of the eternal knight pavilion knelt on one knee, their expressions extremely respectful. The avatar of the eternal knight king slowly opened his eyes. They were long, narrow, phoenix-shaped eyes, so deep they seemed capable of devouring everything. His gaze didn't linger on anyone. He simply asked the first question in an extremely cold tone. Have you found that human kid yet? Upon hearing the words, "Human boy," Knight executioner lowered his head even further, his voice tinged with fear. Reporting to my lord, "Not yet. Not yet." However, we have already issued the highest level arrest warrant to the entire film industry, and they have laid a tight net in major cities. I believe it won't be long before they find clues about him. The Night King remains silent. The entire platform fell into a deathly silence as if the air itself had frozen. The immense pressure made knight executioner and the surrounding assassins even breathe cautiously. The image of that hateful young face involuntarily flashed through the mind of the eternal knight king. The scene I saw in the last moment before my avatar, which had descended to Babylon and was now completely destroyed in the sky city of Babylon. He not only failed to reclaim that boundary-breaking feather, which was of paramount importance to him, even his treasured wing of the sky, which he had kept for many years, had most likely fallen into that kid's hands. Utter disgrace. This was the greatest humiliation he had ever suffered since becoming king. Thinking of this, an uncontrollable rage surged wildly from the bottom of his heart. He clenched his fists tightly, and the terrifying aura emanating from his body spread outward uncontrollably, transforming into a tangible black storm. Click, click. Under this immense pressure, even the solid ground of the high platform began to crack inch by inch. Those kneeling on the ground, including Ying, were struck dumb, their faces turning deathly pale, feeling as if their bones were about to be crushed by this oppressive force. After a long while, the suffocating pressure slowly subsided. The cold voice of the night king rang out once more. That kid took the Babylonian treasure, and his next step will most likely be to escape back to the human world. If he wants to leave, the only way is through the port of the Sea of Shadows. Pass on my order. Gather all the hidden assassins and immediately assemble them in the three cities near the Sea of Shadows. Shadow Tide City, Black Reef Harbor, and Storm Cape. Even if we have to turn those three cities upside down, we must find that kid. Yes, sir. Night executioner and his crew were relieved and after receiving their orders, vanished from their spots in an instant. Chapter 333. Instant kill of Blood Butcher. Soon, only the Night King remained on the empty platform. He slowly opened his palm, looking at the almost solid body with a gloomy expression. His true form is currently refining a supreme treasure that has taken him hundreds of years of painstaking effort. We are at the most critical moment and have no time to spare. The avatar before him was the last of his available primal power. It was only by sacrificing a large number of living beings that it was forcibly condensed. If this avatar is destroyed again, he will have to give up refining the secret treasure and force his true body to descend. Otherwise, he would be unable to create any more avatars in the coming years. That treasure was crucial to his future path and plans, and he could never give it up at a time like this. So, this time, he has to catch that kid himself. And as the eternal night king felt the unprecedented surge of power within him, a cruel sneer appeared on his lips. With the blessing of the sacrifice of tens of thousands of lives, the power of this avatar has come incredibly close to that of a true ninestar being. Human boy, this time I won't give you any more chances, he murmured softly, his figure transforming into a wisp of black smoke and disappearing completely. On the other side, Dry Bone Island, the layer of the Mad Sand Bandit Gang. As its name suggests, the entire island is littered with bones and filled with the atmosphere of death and bloodshed. At this moment, this island of sin, which is usually rife with thugs, is engulfed in flames and carnage. Falcon's nest, like a black tide, surrounded the island from all sides. Countless family warriors dressed in black rushed onto the island and engaged in a fierce battle with the vicious bandits. The sounds of shouts of battle, the clash of weapons, and the screams of the dying were incessant. On the other side of the island, in a relatively remote camp, the fighting was equally intense. Damn, these bastards are pretty good at fighting. A seven-star lord who had been summoned cleaved a bandit in two with a single stroke, spat out a mouthful of saliva, and looked somewhat displeased. He and another companion were assigned to this area to clear out the remaining enemies. Upon hearing this, another companion also pursed his lips and complained. Who says otherwise? Madame Black Falcon is too biased. She gave such a great credit for killing the second leader of Mad Sand directly to that big guy called Black Rock. Exactly. Why should he? So, what if he's a bit bigger? He's got a six-star kid who's like a burden to him. I really don't know what Mrs. Black Falcon was thinking. Yes, killing a bandit leader is a great achievement. When it comes to the distribution of spoils, will definitely be outdone by him. The two grew angrier as they talked, their eyes filled with jealousy and resentment as they looked at the target building assigned to Lan Yu in the distance. In their view, Mrs. Black Falcon s decision was utterly inexplicable. A complete handout to someone else. Just then, a lazy voice interrupted. What's the rush? Are you all so sure he can beat the second in command of Mad Sand? The two turned around and saw that it was a seven-star expert who had come with them, but failed the test. He didn't participate in the fight. Instead, he stood by with his arms crossed, watching the show. The powerful figure chuckled and continued. Blood Butcher, the second in command of Mad Sand, is no pushover. He is also a seven-star lord level figure and is a notorious madman with extremely cruel methods. That guy called Black Rockck may look intimidating, but when it comes to a real fight, it's hard to say who will win. He gestured with his chin toward the building with a smug look. Maybe if we wait a little longer, Blood Butcher will come out carrying Black Rockck's head. Won't the credit be ours then? Upon hearing this, the two who had been complaining earlier immediately brightened up. That's right. How could they not have thought of that? If Black Rockck is killed by Blood Butcher, then they will rush up and finish off Blood Butcher. Wouldn't it be natural for the credit to fall on their heads? Thinking of this, the jealousy on their faces instantly turned into shot and Freuda and anticipation. They stopped clearing out the remaining soldiers and simply stopped observing the situation from a distance, ready to reap the benefits at any moment. He he just wait and see the shell. It would be best if both sides suffered heavy losses and we could just pick up the pieces. However, his gloating words had barely left his lips. Boom! A deafening roar suddenly came from inside the building. Next, the entire building constructed from massive stones and steel. It was as if it had been struck hard from the inside by an ancient behemoth, instantly shattering into pieces and collapsing with a roar. A terrifying shock wave mixed with billowing dust swept wildly in all directions. The three sevenstar experts were startled by this sudden turn of events. He hurriedly used his shadow energy to defend himself, but he was still blown backward repeatedly, his face filled with horror. Holy crap. What What kind of move is that? It's incredibly powerful. Could it be Blood Butcher's trump card? It's over. It's over. That Black Rock must have been blasted to smitherreens. They swallowed instinctively, feeling both shocked and excited. With such a terrifying attack, there's absolutely no way that Black Rock could survive. Smoke and dust filled the air, obscuring everyone's view. They stared nervously at the ruins, waiting for a blood butcher to emerge from them. However, as the smoke and dust slowly dissipated, the scene that appeared in their field of vision instantly froze their smiles. Amidst the ruins, a tall and imposing figure stood silently, the sevenstar puppet named Black Rockck. At its feet lay a corpse, no longer recognizable as human, none other than the infamous second in command of the Mad Sands, Blood Butcher. What made their eyes nearly pop out was what was happening next to the puppet, the young man in black, whom they had always thought was a burden. He was carrying a bloody unseen head in one hand as he slowly emerged from the ruins. They knew the owner of that head all too well. It was none other than the third leader of the mad sand Bandit gang, a genuine sevenstar powerhouse. The young man expressionlessly tossed the head in his hand to the ground like trash. Then he raised his eyes and calmly swept his gaze over the three dumbfounded sevenst star lords not far away. The entire battlefield fell into an eerie silence. The expressions on the faces of the three sevenstar experts changed from gloating to shock, then to horror, and finally to deep fear. Their minds went blank, as if gripped tightly by an invisible hand, making it difficult to even breathe. A six-star kid carrying the head of a seven-star expert. Chapter 334. Ancient God. Is that all? The seemingly mighty seven-star puppet from beginning to end appeared to simply stand aside and watch the show. What exactly happened? They felt their worldview had been completely overturned at that moment. It turns out that the real powerhouse wasn't the puppet, but this six-star youth whom they had always looked down upon. Meanwhile, in the central area of Bone Island, the battle was nearing its end. The leader of the mad sand Bandit gang, a burly man whose strength has reached the early stage of the eighth star. He was kneeling on the ground covered in blood, panting heavily. Opposite him, Mrs. Black Falcon and her brother stood side by side. Their breathing somewhat disordered, but their condition was clearly much better. Mad Sand, you've reached the end of your rope. Surrender and I'll give you a quick death. Black Falcon s voice was cold and devoid of any emotion. Who? The Mad Sand spat out a mouthful of blood, a crazed and ferocious smile spreading across his face. Black Falcon, you think you've got this in the bag? Let me tell you, if you want me dead, you'll all have to pay with your lives. Before he finished speaking, he suddenly bit his tongue, spitting out a mouthful of blood essence, and his hands rapidly formed hand seals in a strange posture. With my blood awakened the slumbering ancient gods, "Come out, my trump card," he roared madly, and his flesh withered away at a visible rate. All the essence of life transformed into a crimson pillar of light, which slammed into the earth beneath them. Boom! The entire island of bones began to tremble violently as if some terrifying being from beneath the earth was about to awaken. Black Falcon and her brother's expressions changed drastically. Oh no, he's sacrificing himself to summon something from beneath the island. However, it was too late. With a deafening roar, a terrifying giant claw covered in jet black armor and as large as a mountain suddenly tore through the earth from the depths of the ground and emerged. Immediately afterwards, a hideous head emerged from the crack. It was a mythical creature they had never seen before, resembling a mantis magnified countless times, opened and closed like a meat grinder, emitting a nauseating stench. A terrifying pressure far exceeding that of an ordinary eight star, filled with an aura of violence and destruction, instantly swept across the entire area. Peak eight star. This mythical creature's strength has actually reached the terrifying peak of the eightstar level. You will all be buried with me. The mad sands, who had long since turned into a dried up corpse, uttered his final curse. His body was completely reduced to ashes. The mythical creatures eight compound eyes instantly locked onto Lady Black Falcon and her brother. With a piercing shriek, two enormous blades like celestial swords slashed down at the two of them with the power to tear through space. Black Falcon and her brother's expressions were extremely solemn. They dared not be negligent in the slightest and immediately went all out to defend themselves. Boom! The terrifying energies collided and the two were directly thrown backward by the enormous force, their blood churning. With just one strike, they were at a disadvantage. This mythical creature possessed ridiculously high strength and defense. Their attacks landed on its carropase. It only sends up a series of sparks which cannot cause any effective damage. Each attack from the enemy left them running for their lives, constantly in peril. Black Falcon cried out anxiously. Brother, this won't work. We can't break through its defenses at all. The man's face was also extremely ugly. He had never expected that such a terrifying existence would be suppressed beneath this small island of withered bones. Just when the two were in dire straits and thought they were going to die there that day, a calm voice suddenly came from not far away. Do you need any help? The two were taken aback and turned around to see that Lan Yu and his puppet Black Rock had arrived on the battlefield at some point. Before they could answer, Lan Yu had already walked forward on his own. He looked at the mythical creature that was swaggering around and slowly drew the Hagny sword from his waist. Perfect. I'll use you to try out this new trick. As he thought this, the shadow energy and chaotic power within his body surged into the sword at an unprecedented speed. Buzz. The Hegny sword emitted an excited sword cry and holy runes lit up one after another on its ancient blade. The next second, Lanu raised his sword. Divine sword, eight mountains suppressing prison. As Lan Yus calm voice fell, the Hegny sword in his hands suddenly burst forth with dazzling light. A buzzing sound resounded throughout the heavens and earth and an ancient and vast sword intense soared into the sky as if it wanted to pierce a hole in the sky. The next second, to the utter shock of Mrs. Black Falcon and her brother, eight identical sword phantoms separated from the blade of the sword of Hegny. The eight phantoms swirled rapidly in the air, growing larger as they faced the wind. And in an instant, they transformed into eight towering, terrifying mountain peaks that blotted out the sky. Each mountain peak exudes an overwhelming and oppressive power. Ancient runes flow across the mountainside, seemingly bearing the weight of the entire world. Go. Lanu uttered a single word softly. The eight sword chi peaks suspended in the sky carried an aura of world destroying power. It crashed down on the mythical creature below which was at the peak of the eighth star level. Roar. The mythical creature seemed to sense an unprecedented deadly threat. And for the first time, fear appeared in its eight scarlet compound eyes. It let out a deafening roar, and its entire carropase erupted with a dense black light. Two enormous sides crossed above their heads, attempting to block the deadly attack that was falling from the sky. However, it was all in vain. Boom, boom, boom, boom. As the first mountain peak fell, the mythical creature's prized scythe shattered instantly. The second mountain fell and its indestructible black shell cracked inch by inch. The third, the fourth, the fifth. Eight mountain peaks fell one after another like eight insurmountable natural barriers pressing down layer upon layer. That arrogant peakle mythical creature of the eighth star couldn't even utter a complete lament. Its massive mountain-like body was suppressed by these eight sword mountains. It was brutally crushed into a shower of blood and flesh, leaving not a single trace behind. One move, just one move. A terrifying mythical creature that left two eightstar powerhouses helpless was completely annihilated as the eight sword mountains slowly dissipated. Only a bottomless, terrifying crater remained along with a blackclad youth standing with a sword in hand and an indifferent expression. The whole world seemed to have fallen silent. Chapter 335. the ancestor of shadow techniques. Black Falcon and her brother stared blankly at the scene before them. Their minds completely blank. They opened their mouths, making horse sounds in their throats, but couldn't utter a single word. What is that? What kind of power is it? With a single sword strike, eight divine mountains materialized, suppressing and killing eight peak level cultivators. Is this a power that humans can possess? Lan Yu ignored their blank stairs. He slowly sheaved the Hegny sword, his brow furrowing slightly. The power of that move, divine sword, eight mountain suppressing prison, was indeed beyond his imagination. It was ridiculously powerful. But in contrast, the consumption was terrifyingly high. With just one sword strike, nearly 70% of his shadow energy and chaotic power were drained from his body. More importantly, the moment this move is used, an immense feeling of being torn apart comes from every part of the body. He could clearly feel that his muscles, bones, and even meridians were under unimaginable pressure at that moment. No wonder this move requires such high physical strength. Luide inwardly if it weren't for the fact that his king's body intermediate had already made his physical strength reach an unbelievable level. It's comparable to a highle shadow weapon. If he had used that sword just now, he would probably have been the first one to be shattered to pieces. It seems that although this move is a trump card, it cannot be used lightly. That evening, to celebrate the complete success of the bandit suppression operation, the entire Falcon s nest mansion was decorated with lanterns and colorful decorations, and a grand celebration banquet was held. At the banquet, all the powerful figures and family warriors who participated in the operation were drinking heartily, and the atmosphere was extremely lively. But almost everyone's gaze will drift, intentionally or unintentionally, to the seat next to the head of the table. There, a young man in black sat quietly, seemingly oblivious to the commotion around him. Behind him stood a towering, imposing ShadowClan warrior. It was Lon Yu and his puppet Black Rock. At this moment, no one dared to underestimate this young man who appeared to be only a six-star. Their eyes were filled with deep awe and fear. One punch annihilated a seven-star being and one sword suppressed an eight-star peak being. This man with his unreasonable and terrifying strength has completely conquered everyone present. Halfway through the banquet, Mrs. Black Falcon holding a wine glass walked up to Lu herself. Her face wore a genuine heartfelt smile, even with a hint of barely perceptible flattery. Lord Black Rockck, the successful annihilation of the Mad Sand Bandit group was entirely thanks to your assistance. On behalf of the entire falcon s nest, I raise a toast to you. With that, she down the wine in her glass in one gulp. Lanu glanced at her indifferently, said nothing, and simply took a symbolic sip of his wine. Black Falcon didn't mind. She took out two exquisite ship models that emitted spatial fluctuations from her bosom, and respectfully handed them to Lanu. Sir, this is the payment you are entitled to, as per our previous agreement. Please accept these two intact void raven ships. She not only kept her promise to double the reward, but also showed extreme humility. Just kidding. A suspected heir to the throne has a terrifying entity slumbering within him. Furthermore, she could instantly kill a super big shot at the peak of the eight star with a single sword strike, let alone two void raven ships. Even if Lu wanted half of the Falcon s nest from her, she probably wouldn't dare to say no. Lanu glanced at the two void raven ships and took only one of them. I only need one, he said calmly. Black Falcon was taken aback and quickly said, "Sir, this won't do. We agreed on double the payment." The other one, a different one, Lanu interrupted her. He glanced at Chin Sha, who was sitting with Lin Foam, and the others not far away, but seemed somewhat uneasy and continued, "I want you to provide the Black Sale merchant guild with two of the best trading ports in Shadow Tide City, and to protect all their businesses here from any interference." This request was something he had discussed with Chin Shan beforehand. For Lanu, having an extra void raven ship wouldn't be of much use. Instead of giving them money, we should give them tangible benefits and do Chin Sha and his group a favor. This is both to repay their previous help and to fulfill director by Yz entrustment. Upon hearing Lan Yu's request, Madame Black Falcon was first taken aback, then overjoyed. Trading the operating rights of two ports for the opportunity to befriend this terrifying big shot is an incredibly profitable deal. Without any hesitation, she immediately patted her chest and guaranteed, "No problem, sir. Rest assured. In addition, we will give you another one as a gift. From today onwards, the Black Sale merchant guild will be the most honored ally of my falcon nest in the territory of Shadow Tide City. Anyone who dares to lay a finger on them is going against my black falcon." Her words were spoken with absolute certainty, and her voice echoed throughout the entire banquet hall. Chin Shan Linfong and the others who were not far away were so excited upon hearing this that they almost jumped up from their seats. They watched Lanu's retreating figure. Their eyes filled with boundless gratitude for him and other human intelligence agents lurking in the shadow world. This meant they could establish a better foothold. The banquet continued. Chin Shan holding a wine glass approached Lanu. His injuries have mostly healed thanks to the special medicine provided by Falcon Nest. Chin Xans voice trembled slightly as he solemnly bowed to Lanne Yu. Mr. Lan Yu, I am deeply grateful and cannot express my thanks. Lu waved his hand, indicating that he didn't need to do that. We're all compatriots. No need to be so polite. After chatting for a few moments, Lan Yu seemed to suddenly remember something and asked, "Teene Leader Chin, I'd like to ask you about a family. Sir, please speak. Have you heard of the Kelter family?" Wanu asked. This was something he originally planned to investigate after returning to the human world. But now that we've run into the bureau's intelligence personnel, we might as well take this opportunity to find out more. The Kelster family? Chin Shan frowned slightly upon hearing this. Falling into deep thought, he thought about it carefully for a moment before saying somewhat uncertainly. This family, I seem to remember them. I recall they are a very ancient and longestablished family. Please give me some time to think about it. Chin Shan tried hard to search his mind for information about this ancient surname. After a moment, he slapped his thigh and exclaimed in realization, "Oh, I remember now. The Kelster family. That's a name that resonates far and wide, especially among us filmmakers who specialize in shadow techniques." A look of admiration and longing appeared on his face as he continued, "The family has an extremely long history, which can even be traced back to the mythical era. The most famous member of their family was the first patriarch who was hailed as the ancestor of shadow techniques. Chapter 336 future, the ancestor of shadow techniques. Lan Yus heart stirred, but he remained outwardly calm. Chin Shan nodded, his tone filled with amazement. That's right. Legend has it that the first patriarch was a once in a millennium genius who single-handedly created and improved countless powerful shadow techniques. It can be said that at least half of the shadow technique system that is currently circulating in the human world is based on her research back then. Many of the powerful shadow techniques we are familiar with can be traced back to her. Upon hearing this, Lan Yus heart stirred slightly. He truly hadn't expected that the person who spent every day in the castle reading books would be like that. The seemingly lonely and naive shadow girl, Highland, actually has such a powerful background. The progenitor of shadow techniques. This title is not one that just anyone can bear. Lana pressed on asking, "So, how is this family doing now?" A look of regret crossed Chin Shans face, and he shook his head. It's a pity that prosperity inevitably leads to decline. This is an eternal truth. Although the Kelster family was once incredibly glorious, it gradually declined sometime some time ago, probably more than a hundred years ago. I heard that there seems to be some problem within their family leading to a decline in talent and a lack of successors. Now, it is said that the entire family does not even have a single ninestar expert to oversee things anymore. It has long lost its former glory and has gradually faded from people's sight. After Chin Shan finished speaking, he looked at Lan Yu with some curiosity. Mr. Lan Yu, why are you suddenly interested in this declining family? Lon Yus eyes flickered and he quickly made up an excuse to brush it off. It's nothing. I just saw the name in an old book and was a little curious. He couldn't possibly tell the other person that he could exist in his own mental world. Can we meet the legendary ancestor of shadow techniques anytime? Chin Shan unsuspecting nodded. Lu was secretly pondering to himself. So the Shiran family has fallen to such a state they don't even have a single ninestar powerhouse left. Thinking of this, Lan Yu suddenly remembered that he had been too busy lately and hadn't visited her in the world of his mind to deliver her new book for quite some time. I'll go see her tonight. Lanu made up his mind. After the banquet, Lanu left early, citing the need to rest. Before returning to his room, he made a point of seeking out Shin Shan. I asked him for a batch of books that the Black Sale merchant guild had collected over the years, including books about the customs, culture, history, and biographies of the film industry. Ching Shan readily agreed and immediately had Linong fetch a large box from the warehouse. A world of mental images, an eternally silent castle. When Lan Yus consciousness descended once again in the form of a stone golem, the castle remained as desolate as ever. He walked through the empty corridor and arrived at the familiar study. Inside the study, the shadowy girl, Shurin, dressed in a black gothic dress, was curled up on the huge sofa. She was engrossed in reading a thick book. strange tales of the film world that Lanu had brought her last time. She was so engrossed in watching that she didn't even notice Lanu walk in. Lu didn't disturb her. He simply placed the newly brought box of books on the open ground next to her. Then he strolled around the vast castle of Hyin as if it were his own backyard. Let's see if we can find some more treasures. When he returned to the study, Helen had already finished reading the book he was holding. She looked up, her gaze falling on the waist and abdomen of the stone golem controlled by Lanu. Helen's voice carried a hint of hesitation. Um, Mr. Lawn, actually, there was something that bothered me when I first met you. Lu was somewhat puzzled. What's up? Han extended his slender finger, which was entirely made of shadow, pointed to the stone golem's waist, and asked, "I see a black eye mark on your waist that looks like, well, it's a rather ugly one. Is that some kind of special interest or hobby of yours? Lana was stunned for a moment upon hearing this. They quickly realized what was happening imprint. She was undoubtedly referring to the mark of nothingness that nothingness had left on her. But I'm clearly inside the stone golem's body right now. How did she see it? However, Wanu didn't think too much about it. After all, as the ancestor of shadow techniques, it wasn't surprising that the other party had some tricks up his sleeve. Wanu denied it. No, that's not a hobby. His voice carried a hint of coldness. That was a mark left on me by an enemy. It was like a leech. I tried many methods to remove it, but I couldn't get rid of it. I had no choice but to leave it. Helen nodded in understanding. Oh, I see. Then she did something that surprised even Lu. She actually stepped forward and got very close, her pure black eyes seeming to pierce through the stone golem's body. He carefully observed the elucory mark. A moment later, she said something that made Lan Yus heart skip a beat. I think I should have a way to help you remove this mark. Lan Yu was genuinely shocked this time. What? He looked at the girl in front of him, wondering if he had misheard. Remove this mark? Are you kidding me? Even Janice, the king of the void, was helpless against this. It was the primordial imprint left by that mysterious and unpredictable nothingness. The person standing before me, Pilent, actually said she had a way to remove it. How is that possible? However, Lanu thought about it again and realized that it might not be impossible. After all, the other party is hailed as the ancestor of shadow techniques, possessing a wealth of knowledge and secret arts. This is probably beyond the comprehension of ordinary people. Lanu took a deep breath and confirmed in an extremely serious tone. Are you sure? Can you really do it? Highland tilted his head, then nodded seriously. Hm, that should be fine. Although this mark is troublesome, it is essentially an extremely advanced application of runes. As long as the correct unlocking method is found, it can be erased. Her tone was casual, as if she were talking about a trivial matter. But then she changed the subject. However, removing this mark for you may take a lot of my energy. So, I need you to do something for me after this is done. It's not as simple as just sending books. What is it? Lanu asked immediately. Helen looked at Lanu and slowly said, "Based on the books you recently brought, I can be fairly certain that the world you live in is many years in the future, which is the future of my time, right?" Chapter 337. The agreement." Lu pondered for a moment, then nodded. Lu had roughly guessed this information after learning that the other party was the first head of the family. After receiving an affirmative answer, a hint of nervousness and anticipation flashed in Helen's eyes, and she pressed on. Then does my family, the Kelster family, still still exist in your time? Wana nodded. Exist? Upon hearing those two words, Hillen visibly relaxed, his tense body finally settling down. Then she made her request. I hope that after I help you remove the mark, you can return to the real world and visit the current Kelster family. If if my family encounters any trouble, please do what you can to help them. Lonnie was somewhat puzzled. Why would you make this request? Helen remained silent for a moment before slowly speaking. Because I was born with a special ability, prophecy. A long time ago, I had a prophetic dream. In my dream, I saw my family facing a genocidal crisis in the distant future that could lead to the extinction of our lineage. Her voice became somewhat low. At the end of that dream, there was a vague revelation that told me that someone from the future would be able to help me and my family resolve this crisis. Originally, I never understood the meaning of this prophecy until I met you. After listening, Lanu fell silent. A crisis of annihilation, the person foretold in the prophecy. This sounds like some kind of pre-arranged script. However, he thought about it carefully. Using one's own ability to help in exchange for resolving the major problem of the void mark seems like a huge win. Lana nodded. Okay, I promise you. However, I still need to make it clear that I will only do what I can. If the crisis is beyond my control, I may be powerless to help. Helen nodded immediately, a genuine joy on his face. No problem. That's enough. An agreement has been reached. Highland seemed impatient. She glanced at the mark on Lanu's waist and said, "Let's begin now." With that, she waved her hand gently. In an instant, the entire study space underwent a dramatic transformation. Layer upon layer of elaborate and dazzling barriers appeared out of thin air, completely enveloping the entire room. Countless dense golden runes lit up on the walls, floors, and ceilings, weaving together into a huge and complex net. The scale and complexity of this barrier are unlike anything Lanu has ever seen in his life. What shocked him even more was that all of this was accomplished with a simple wave of Helen's hand. This control over shadow energy and runes is nothing short of miraculous. Only at this moment did Lanu truly begin to believe that perhaps she really could resolve the mark of nothingness. After doing all this, Hillen turned to look at Lanu, his pure black eyes sparkling with unprecedented seriousness and focus. Let's begin. 3 days later in the real world, inside a guest room of the Black Sale merchant guild, when Lanu woke up in bed again, it was already bright outside the window. He felt as if his head had been run over by hundreds of trucks. He was dizzy and his whole body achd and felt weak. He hadn't expected that erasing the traces left by the void would take a full 3 days. During this time, Hen used mysterious methods he couldn't understand to separate his soul from the stone golem. Then, using those densely packed runes, they performed a three-day bone scraping treatment on the void mark deep within his soul. To be honest, he almost didn't make it through. However, the ordeal of those three days was worth it. There, the skin was as smooth as ever. That eerie black eye-shaped mark that once made him feel uneasy and constantly on edge has completely disappeared. It's really, really gone. Lanu reached out and repeatedly touched that patch of skin, his face revealing an uncontrollable look of ecstasy. This major concern has finally been completely resolved. He no longer needs to worry about that mysterious nothingness that can use this mark to pinpoint his location anytime, anywhere, or even launch unknown attacks against him. This feeling of having his burden lifted made him feel lighter than ever before. Knock, knock, knock. Just then, there was a knock on the door. Mr. Lu, are you all right? You haven't left your room for 3 days. Linfangs voice, tinged with worry, came from outside the door. Lan Yu then realized that three days had passed in the mental world and three days had also passed in the real world. He quickly responded, "I'm fine. I just had a minor mishap during my seclusion, but I've recovered now." He had informed Chin Shan and the others in advance that he would be in seclusion for a few days. Otherwise, they probably would have already broken down the door. Many got out of bed and moved around a bit. Although he was still mentally tired, he was physically fine. He rested in his room for a day and after adjusting his mental state to its best, he found Chin Shan. Team leader Chin, "How are your injuries?" Lanu asked. Chin Shan was standing in the courtyard stretching his muscles and bones, and he looked like he had recovered to about 70 to 80%. When he saw Lu, his face immediately lit up with a smile. "Thanks to you, I've fully recovered. The medicine sent by Falcon S Nest is indeed very effective." He looked at Lanu, his eyes filled with gratitude and admiration. Mr. Lu, we really owe you a great debt this time. Otherwise, our black sail merchant guild. No need to be so polite. Lanu waved his hand. I plan to leave today and head to the sea of shadows. Upon hearing that Lanu was leaving, Chin Shan, Lin Foam, and the others all showed expressions of reluctance. Are you leaving so soon? Yes, sir. Why don't you stay a few more days and let us treat you to a proper meal? Lanu shook his head. No, I'm eager to go home. He has been in the shadow realm for quite some time now. Although he has experienced many adventures here and his strength has improved by leaps and bounds, he ultimately does not belong here. In the human world, his sister and his friends are waiting for him. Seeing that Lu was determined to leave, Chin Shan and the others did not try to stop him. They escorted Lanu all the way to the port where his void raven ship was already docked at its designated birth, ready to set sail. It was a strange ship, entirely black and shaped like a giant raven. The ship's hull is made of unknown metals and animal bones, exuding a ferocious yet mysterious beauty. Linfong handed a crystal containing the control core to Lanu. Mr. Lu, we have already checked the ship for you. All functions are in good working order and the energy has been replenished to full capacity. Chin Shan then gave some instructions from the side. The sea of shadows is fraught with danger, especially the deep sea area. Even the void raven ship cannot guarantee 100% safety. Sir, you must be extremely careful on this journey. Void stealth can avoid the perception of most highle shadow monsters. However, there is a cool down period after each activation and it consumes a lot of resources. So, please use it only in critical moments. Also, the soul devouring storm on the sea of shadows comes and goes without a trace. If you encounter it, remember not to fight it head-on. Immediately have the ship dive to the deep sea to take shelter. Told Lan Yu in great detail all the precautions he knew about the sea of shadows. Lanu listened attentively, memorizing all the valuable information. Thank you, he said solemnly to everyone. Take care, sir. Have a safe journey. Amidst the reluctant gazes of the black sail merchant guild members, Lanu boarded the void raven ship. He stood at the bow of the ship and glanced back at the bustling and chaotic port city. The void raven ship emitted a deep hum and the runes on both sides of the ship lit up one by one. It transformed into a black streak of light, cleaving through the waves and hurtling towards the vast black sea. Chapter 338. The King's Plan. The day after Lanu left, a ripple suddenly appeared in the space above the port of Shadow Tide City. Immediately afterwards, a figure appeared silently in midair. It was the incarnation of the Eternal Night King who descended upon this place at a great cost. He hovered in the air. His narrow phoenix-shaped eyes coldly sweeping over the bustling port below. His powerful divine sense, like an invisible giant net, instantly enveloped the entire city. He is searching, searching for the scent of that human boy who had brought him such humiliation. However, despite scanning the area with his divine sense, he found no trace of Lanu. H the night king frowned slightly. How could there not be? According to his calculations, this is the most likely place for that kid to appear. Could he have already left? Just as he was about to expand his search area, his divine sense suddenly paused at the Black Sale merchant guild's headquarters. the scent of humans. A cold killing intent flashed in the eyes of the Night King. Although it wasn't the person he was looking for, a whole family of humans was hidden in this port city deep within the shadow world. This is unusual in itself. Perhaps we can get some clues about that kid from them. With a thought, he prepared to teleport towards the Black Sale merchant guild. At the same time, he also gave orders to the air behind him. Night executioner, go and catch those rats. I want to interrogate them myself. Behind him should have been the position where his capable subordinate, the eightstar expert Ying, stood. However, after he finished speaking, there was complete silence behind him with no response whatsoever. The Night King abruptly stopped. He slowly turned around and looked behind him. There was no one there. Knight executioner along with the elite members of the Eternal Knight Pavilion he brought with him have all disappeared. Just moments ago, they were standing respectfully behind him. How could they have suddenly disappeared? For the first time, a hint of semnity appeared on the face of the eternal knight king, whose handsome features were almost otherworldly. He was 100% certain that there had been no trace of spatial fluctuations or any burst of energy just now. His subordinates vanished into thin air right under the nose of this powerhouse who was almost at the nine-star level. "Night execution!" he called out again, his voice now tinged with a hint of weariness. It remained deathly silent. An ominous premonition, like a venomous snake, coiled around his heart. Just then, a pleasant voice, tinged with langor and playfulness, and whose gender was indistinguishable, suddenly came from the entrance of the harbor. Stop shouting. I've already gotten rid of all your noisy toys. The Night King's pupils contracted sharply as he instantly looked in the direction of the sound. Beneath the towering archway of the harbor, a figure stood, seemingly out of nowhere. The man was wearing a well-tailored black trench coat, stylish black sunglasses, and long glossy black hair that reached his waist, which was casually draped over his shoulders. She just stood there casually like an ordinary tourist visiting the port. But the moment the king of eternal nights saw her, the hairs on his body stood on end. Danger, extreme danger of shadow energy from the other person. He was just like an ordinary mortal. But it is precisely this ordinary that represents the ultimate extraordinary. This shows that the other party's realm has far exceeded his perception range. Who are you? The Night King's voice became extremely solemn and the shadow energy within his body began to circulate wildly, ready to unleash a thunderous strike at any moment. However, the being known as nothingness seemed oblivious to his alarmed state. She simply raised her hand and took off her sunglasses. He revealed a pair of deep, empty, pure black eyes that seemed capable of swallowing all light. She looked at the eternal Night King, a hint of interest curving her lips. Just a passer by. The moment the words left his mouth, the Night King moved. Without the slightest hesitation, he immediately unleashed one of his strongest killing moves. Eternal Night, the realm without light. He suddenly raised his hand and endless darkness erupted from him. It transformed into a massive black domain, instantly engulfing the figure in black. In this realm, all light, all perception, and even all laws will be stripped away, plunging into eternal silence and nothingness. Domain type shadow technique that can give even a nine-star powerhouse of the same level a headache. However, this darkness was enough to devour everything. The figure in black simply stood there quietly, the playful smile on his face unchanged. The darkness, powerful enough to annihilate everything, came within 3 f feet of her body. It was as if they had encountered an invisible barrier, automatically parting to both sides, unable to even touch a corner of her clothing. Domain. Interesting. She made a soft comment, then extended a slender white index finger and gently touched the darkness ahead. Pop. A soft sound. The eternal night king's dark realm. Powerful enough to cover half the port. Like a popped soap bubble, it instantly collapses and dissipates as if it had never existed. Puff. As if struck by a heavy blow, the Night King suddenly spat out a mouthful of dark golden blood, and the color drained from his face instantly. For the first time, his eyes revealed emotions of horror and fear. How is that possible? His own domain of origin was actually exposed by the other party with a single finger. What? What kind of monster is this? He didn't even see how the other party made their move. Escape. We must escape. Only this one thought remained in the mind of the eternal night king. Without a second thought, he was about to burn his very essence and forcibly tear through space to escape. However, he was horrified to discover that the space around him had somehow become as solid as steel. No matter how much power he exerted, he couldn't budge it in the slightest. Immediately afterwards, the scene before his eyes changed. The once bustling port has disappeared, replaced by an endless, pure white void. The figure in black had already appeared before him like a ghost. A slender, seemingly weak hand gently pressed down on the top of his head. The Night King trembled violently. He found himself completely unable to move. The power within him, the kingly law he was so proud of. At this moment, they all seemed to turn into docsel sheep, trembling under this palm, unable to muster even the slightest thought of resistance. He felt like a fish on a chopping board, only able to watch helplessly as the other person awaited their unknown fate. Let me see. A voice tinged with curiosity rang out above his head. What interesting things are in your head? Chapter 339. Like being slaughtered by something. A strange, irresistible force surged from her palm. It violently flooded into the mind of the eternal Night King and began to forcibly read all his memories. The Night King let out a scream so shrill it was inhuman. The pain of having one's soul forcibly plundered is 10,000 times more terrifying than any physical torture. His memories, everything about him, from birth to becoming king. Then all my thoughts and ideas from just now flashed by like a revolving lantern, completely absorbed by nothingness. A moment later, void withdrew its hand. The Night King's handsome face was completely distorted by extreme pain. Dark golden blood flowed from all seven orififices, and his eyes were unfocused. He had clearly become an idiot. Void looked at him, a hint of disappointment on its face. "So, you were looking for that human kid, too. Too bad you didn't find him, either." As if she had thrown away a no fun toy, she reached out and gently patted the body of the eternal knight king. Smack! A soft sound. This is the incarnation of the eternal night king who is infinitely close to the nine stars and descended at countless costs. Along with his soul, with that one strike, it completely turned into countless ashes and dissipated into this pure white space. It was as if he had never existed. After doing all this, a look of headache appeared on Void's face. She muttered to herself, "Sigh. I came all this way by following the traces and aura left by that brat." As a result, the mark's aura suddenly disappeared. It seems we won't be able to find that guy for a while. She seemed somewhat annoyed by Lu's escape. But soon, her gaze returned to the spot where the eternal night king's avatar had disappeared. A new and intense interest flashed in those pure black eyes. However, it wasn't entirely without any gains. With a playful expression, she slowly began to speak. You so-called kings seem to be plotting something big behind the scenes. M since we can't catch that brat for the time being, let's use you guys to pass the time. As soon as she finished speaking, her figure along with the pure white space vanished. Lanu, far away on the sea of shadows, was unaware of his greatest threat. It has already been conveniently dealt with by another, even more terrifying being. Before we knew it, 9 months had passed. In the blurred boundary between the world of film and the human world on a barren gray wasteland, several figures were trudging along in a sorry state. They are human beings, but their tattered clothes and their tired and weary expressions suggested that they were not ordinary travelers. A burly man in the group, panting heavily, couldn't help but complain. Boss, how much further? If we keep going, I feel like my legs are going to break. The man at the front was a middle-aged man with a mustache. His name was Hubao, and he was the leader of this group of desperatos. He turned and glared at the burly man, saying irritably, "Shut up. If you don't want to be caught by those mad dogs from the administration bureau, you'd better keep going. Once we pass through that dark forest ahead, we will be able to fully enter the heart of the shadow realm. By then, the world will be vast. Where will they find us?" Upon hearing the word management bureau, a flicker of fear crossed the burly man's face, and he immediately shut his mouth, daring not to say another word. They were all wanted criminals who had committed serious crimes in the human world and were wanted by the administration. To survive, they had no choice but to take the most dangerous path, escaping into the film industry. Another tall, thin man spoke with lingering fear. Speaking of which, we were really lucky. I heard that the soul devouring storm in the sea of shadows a while ago was incredibly powerful, even distorting the surrounding space. Luckily, we were far away at the time. Otherwise, we would have been caught in the crossfire, let alone us. Even a sevenstar expert would probably be skinned alive. Yeah, that awful weather. Just thinking about it makes me shudder. The crowd chattered amongst themselves as if talking about the misfortunes of others allowed them to temporarily forget their own predicament. Just then, a short, thin, and unremarkable man at the end of the line suddenly stopped. He suddenly raised his head and made a shushing gesture, etc. Everyone fell silent abruptly, turning to look at him. This skinny guy is called Monkey, and he's the core member of their team. Don't let his unattractive appearance or even his somewhat sleazy appearance fool you. However, he possesses a talent that would make countless highle filmmakers envious. His innate sixth sense. Generally speaking, six senses is a powerful perceptual ability that a shadow master can only awaken after reaching the fifth level. But monkeys are different. They have it from the moment they're born. Moreover, the range of his six senses became increasingly outrageous as his strength increased. He is currently only a four-star shadowmaster. However, the range of his sixth sense has reached a terrifying 60 m, even surpassing that of an ordinary five-star shadow master. Over the years, this group of people has repeatedly managed to escape despite the bureau's pursuit and interception. The monkeykey's extraordinary perception was crucial to its survival in the perilous edge of the shadow realm. Hub Bows expression instantly turned wary, and he lowered his voice to ask, "Monkey, what's wrong? Did you find something?" The monkey closed its eyes, furrowed its brow, and carefully sensed the situation in the distance. His expression was somewhat grave. "There's noise ahead?" One of my companions asked nervously, "Are they from the administration bureau?" The monkey shook its head. "No, it's a shadow beast, something called a cracked claw monkey, a threestar level beast." Upon hearing that it was only a threestar shadow beast, everyone visibly breathed a sigh of relief. With their strength, dealing with a few three star shadow beasts is more than enough. The burly man cursed and said, "Damn, that scared me. I thought those punks had caught up with us. They're just a few wretched monkeys. We can just rush over and kill them. However, the monkey shook its head again, its face growing increasingly grim. Not just a few, but a lot. A huge lot. At least 20 or more. More than 23 star shadow beasts. At this, everyone's expression changed. They're not afraid of one or two. But once the numbers reach a certain scale, it's a completely different story by more than 20 fearless cleavers. Even if they win, they will definitely have to pay a heavy price. And there may even be casualties. Hubao made a decisive decision. "Take a detour. There's no need to fight these beasts head on." The monkey suddenly called out to him. "Wait, boss. Something's not right." Hubo asked impatiently. "What's wrong now?" The monkey looked extremely confused as he pointed to the dark forest ahead. His tone carried a hint of disbelief. "Those monkeys are dying." Everyone was stunned. "What?" The monkey stammered. Within my perception range, the number of those splitclawed monkeys is decreasing rapidly. It's like like being slaughtered by something. Chapter 340. Results of the investigation. They're moving too fast. 10 15 20 The monkeykey's voice trembled with shock and fine beads of cold sweat appeared on its forehead. Everyone fell silent, exchanging bewildered glances. What could possibly kill more than 23 star shadow beasts in such a short time? Could it be some powerful shadow monster that's just passing by? Less than a minute later, the monkeykey's voice rang out again. This time, his voice was filled with horror. No, no more. All the monkeys are gone. Only Only one breath remains. Hubo pressed further. What is it? The monkey swallowed hard and said with difficulty. It's It's human. Huba and his group carefully parted the last clump of bushes. When they peered into the clearing in the woods, the sight before them stunned them all. A bonfire was burning brightly in the center of the open space. A young man with blue hair, who looked to be in his early 20s, was sitting leisurely by the fire. He slowly and methodically put a skewer of charred food into his mouth. The food looked dark and had a strange smell. No one could tell what it was. Around the young man lay more than 20 corpses of the split-clawed monkeys lying half-hazardly. The death was gruesome, and blood flowed all over the ground, turning the entire open space dark red. The young man seemed to have noticed their arrival long ago, but simply didn't bother to acknowledge them. Only when they appeared did he slowly raise his eyelids and calmly sweep his gaze over them. With just one glance, Huba and the others felt their hearts skip a beat. A strange chill rose from the soles of my feet. This young man is extraordinary. Huba made a decision in an instant. He immediately put on a friendly smile. He raised his hands high to indicate that he meant no harm and then walked out of the bushes. As Ubao spoke, he pulled out an ID card from his pocket and showed it to the other person. Brother, don't misunderstand. We mean no harm. We are filmmakers from the bureau on a mission here, and we accidentally got lost. They had stolen the identification from a bureau agent who had been killed in self-defense, and it was incredibly effective at deceiving people. The blue-haired youth opposite is Lanu. He raised an eyebrow as he looked at the familiar document. He seemed to have believed her and the weariness on his face lessened somewhat. He nodded then pointed to the monkey carcass on the ground. People from the administration bureau. You guys were also entangled by these things. Huba was overjoyed. It seemed the other party truly believed him. He quickly followed up on the conversation. Yeah, there are too many shadow beasts in this god-forsaken place. Our team got separated from the main force. Hey, bro. You two? It's too dangerous for someone to wander around in a place like this all by themselves. Lanu sighed, a look of utter dismay on his face. Don't even mention it. I had bad luck. I ran into that damn storm in the sea of shadows a while ago. The boat was destroyed and we almost lost our lives. We finally drifted to shore, but then we got lost again. Upon hearing this, several of Huba's companions behind him immediately showed expressions of doubt. A burly man couldn't help but mutter to his companion. Are you kidding me? Surviving being caught in that soul devouring storm. You're kidding me. Another companion chimed in. That's right. Even a sevenstar expert couldn't withstand the power of that storm. How could a kid who looks so young survive? He must be bragging. Hubo immediately turned around and glared at them, signaling them to shut up. Then he turned back and continued to smile at Lanu, trying to smooth things over. Hey, brother, you're really lucky. However, it's also possible that you just brushed against the edge of the storm, in which case it's still possible to survive. Anyway, it's good that everyone is all right. His gaze, however, inadvertently swept over the weapon that Lonu had casually placed beside him, and his backpack, which looked quite extraordinary. It was a long sword that was entirely black and had an ancient design. There seemed to be a faint light flowing on the blade, so it was clearly not an ordinary item. He asked, figning enthusiasm. By the way, brother, since you came from the sea of shadows, are you now unable to find your way back to the human world? Lonu nodded, looking troubled. Yes, that's exactly what I'm worried about. I can't even tell which way is which in this place. If any of you gentlemen know the way, could you give me a ride? That's exactly what Huba was waiting for. He immediately patted his chest and confidently declared, "No problem. Leave it to us. We also need to return to our base on the border. Come with us. We're all compatriots. It's only right that we help each other. Lanu then followed behind Huba and his group. The burly man at the back of the group who had previously complained about his broken leg secretly transmitted his voice to Hubao through a hidden telepathic technique. Boss, are we really going to take this kid back to the human border? Wouldn't that be like walking into a trap? This was a method that this gang of outlaws specifically acquired for secret communication. This ensures that the conversation is not overheard by outsiders who Bowo sneered inwardly and responded with the same secret technique. "Are you stupid? You're really taking him back? Did the shadow beast kick your brain?" "Then what are we doing here?" the burly man asked, puzzled. Whoa's thoughts were filled with greed and ruthlessness. "Dlay the time. Didn't you see the sword on that kid's waist? And his backpack is bulging. It looks like it's loaded with a lot of good stuff. It's amazing that it survived the soul eating storm. Do you believe I don't have a few life-saving treasures on me? The burly man suddenly realized a hint of excitement creeping into his mind. Boss is brilliant. I understand. Well pretend to lead him out of here. Actually, I wanted to find an opportunity to. He made a throat slitting gesture. Hub Bao responded impatiently. Nonsense. But this kid can take down more than 20 cracked claw monkeys by himself, so he must be quite strong. We can't take action directly. We need to find out his background first. His gaze shifted to the skinny monkey at the end of the line. Who Bowso's thoughts echoed in the monkeykey's mind. "Monkey, how's it going? Find out exactly what that kid is all about. Let's see what his true strength is and whether he's hiding anything." The monkey nodded without changing its expression. A barely perceptible ripple flickered deep within his seemingly cloudy eyes. His six senses have long been like invisible tentacles. They wrapped the blue-haired youth in front of them from head to toe, examining him carefully inch by inch. Lanu seemed oblivious to this, continuing to chat enthusiastically with another wanted criminal beside him. They inquired about the area, appearing completely unguarded. As time passed, Huba's heart pounded with anxiety. He chatted casually with Lan Yu in a seemingly friendly manner. In reality, all attention was focused on waiting for the monkeykey's findings. This result will directly determine their next actions. Chapter 341. Your treasures are all ours. If the other party is a tough nut to crack, a master they can't afford to mess with, then they could only obediently take him to a nearby spot, point him in a random direction, and then part ways, treating it as making friends. But what if what if the other party is just a paper tiger? All bark in no bite. Huba licked his dry lips, his eyes gleaming with greed. Finally, the monkeykey's thoughts were transmitted. who Bao asked impatiently. How about it? The monkeykey's thoughts carried a hint of somnity and certainty. Boss, you guessed right. This kid really was hiding his strength. The aura he exudes is probably only at the level of a three-star shadowmaster. But according to my perception, his true strength is definitely more than three stars. Upon hearing this result, Huba's heart skipped a beat and a wave of disappointment washed over him. He's definitely not a nice guy. He knew that someone who could survive such a storm couldn't be an ordinary person. It seems I won't be making this windfall, who Bao sighed inwardly, already prepared to give up. It would be contrary to his usual cautious approach to provoke a master of unknown strength for some uncertain treasure. However, just as he was about to change his plans, the monkeykey's thoughts came through again. This time, it brought a strong turning point and a touch of excitement. But boss, I've discovered something else. Hubo urged what? Tell me. The monkeykey's thoughts became clearer. That kid said he encountered a storm, and it's probably true. I could feel that there was still a very violent and chaotic energy remaining in his body. It's the unique aura of that soul devouring storm. This residual power is like an impurity mixed in with his shadow energy, seriously affecting the flow of his power. So, I can tell that no matter how strong he was before, but now the maximum strength he can unleash is at most only at the level of a three-star shadow artist. Boom. This new struck Pubao like a bolt from the blue. Disappointment was instantly replaced by immensilation. An opportunity, a tremendous opportunity, a master who possesses a great treasure, but whose strength has plummeted due to injury. This is practically a piece of fat meat delivered right to our mouths by God. who Bao felt his heart pounding wildly and his blood boiling with excitement. He forcefully suppressed his inner excitement, keeping his expression calm. He turned to look at Lanu, his face showing even more concern. Huba said, figning seriousness, "Brother Lanu, you don't look well, and your breathing seems a bit disordered. Has the injury from that storm still not healed?" Lanu gave up perfectly timed. Rice smiled and nodded. "Ah, brother who has a really good eye. The power of that storm was too doineering. Although I survived, a lot of impurities were mixed into my body, making me feel uncomfortable all over now. His words undoubtedly confirmed the monkeykey's findings. Huba was overjoyed, but his face showed a regretful expression of empathy. He pondered for a moment, then, as if suddenly remembering something, slapped his thigh and said, "Brother, I have a good place that might be able to help you solve this problem." Lan Yu immediately showed an expression of interest. Oh, where? Hub Bao smiled mysteriously and pointed into the distance, saying, "In that direction, there is a place called Valley of Spirit Surge, which is a famous treasure land in this area. The concentration and purity of the shadow gas there far exceed those of other places. Many injured shadow masters or shadow beasts go there to heal or advance in rank by drawing upon the pure shadow energy. I estimate that given your current situation, you only need to stay there for a day or two. By using the energy there to cleanse your body, you can expel the impurities. Upon hearing this, Lan Yus face immediately lit up with surprise. Really? That's wonderful. Hubo waved his hand generously. Don't mention it. Let's go. Well head over now. It's on our way anyway. He warmly put his arm around Lanu's shoulder and led the way toward the valley of spirit search. behind him. His companions exchanged a knowing glance. Everyone wore a cruel and greedy smile. They looked at Lan Yu's back as if they were looking at a treasure that was about to be divided up. Of spirit search, Huba made sure everything went smoothly. He even deliberately led the team in a small circle, leading Lan Yu to a dangerous area that he had already marked. Hubao pointed to an area of jagged rocks ahead and said, "Well be there soon if we just cross this rocky slope ahead." He had already made up his mind. In that rocky slope dwells a shadow beast, the stone armor lizard, whose strength has reached the peak of the fourth star. They plan to lure Lanu over there and then launch a deadly sneak attack from behind while Lu was fighting the stone armored lizard, a master whose strength is suppressed to three stars and who also has to deal with a four-star shadow beast. Faced with their all-out sneak attack, there was absolutely no hope of survival. The plan is perfect. As Huba looked at the unsuspecting figure in front of him, the smile on his lips grew even colder. Kid, don't blame us for being ruthless. You can only blame yourself for being too rich and too unlucky. When the group stepped onto that rocky, craggy slope, the atmosphere in the air suddenly changed. Hubo and his men continued to chat and laugh on the surface. But in reality, everyone s inner energy was already secretly circulating, and their eyes were exchanging signals that they were ready to take action. The way they looked at Lanu was no longer that of a companion, but that of a dead man. Roar. Just as they ventured deeper into the heart of the rocky slope, a ferocious roar suddenly came from behind a huge rock in front. Immediately afterwards, the ground trembled slightly. A shadow beast over 5 m long, covered in thick rock armor, and resembling a giant lizard suddenly burst out from behind the rocks. It was that peak four-star shadow beast, the stone armored lizard. The stone armored lizard s murky beastly eyes instantly locked onto Lan Yu who was walking at the front. I sensed the weak aura of Samsung emanating from him. Without hesitation, it made Lan Yu its top priority prey. Oh no, it's a stone lizard. Everyone be careful. Hub Bowo shouted in a panic. At the same time, he quickly led his men to scatter to both sides in a flurry of activity. This perfectly exposed Lanu directly in front of the stone armored lizard. A meticulously planned drama has officially begun. Lanu looked at the four-star shadow beast that was charging towards him. A look of panic appeared on his face at the opportune moment, and he staggered backward, seemingly quite frightened. "Brother Lanu, get out of the way!" Hubo shouted anxiously from a distance. It seemed as if they were genuinely worried about Lan Yus safety. But in his heart, a frenzied roar was taking place. "Now take action." The moment he gave the signal, the five wanted criminals scattered behind Lanu simultaneously revealed sinister smiles. Their long accumulated shadow skills erupted without reservation at this moment. Die, kid. Your treasures are all ours now. Chapter 342. Valley of Spirit Search. Five attacks, each imbued with murderous intent, came from five different cunning angles. Like a venomous snake, it shot towards Lanu's back, neck, head, and all other vital organs. At the same time, the stone armored lizard in front of Lan Yu had already rushed up to him. The gleaming claws, accompanied by a gust of wind that tore through the air, slammed down on Lan Yus head. Ahead lies a fatal blow from a four-star shadow beast, and behind it comes a full-scale sneak attack from five shadow masters of the same rank. This is a do or die situation. A cruel smile of absolute certainty had already appeared on Huba's face. He could almost see the gruesome scene of the blue-haired youth being blasted into a pile of minced meat in the next second. However, just a moment before all the attacks were about to hit, the expression on the blue-haired youth's face, which had initially appeared panicked, suddenly changed. All the panic, fear, and helplessness vanished without a trace in an instant. Instead, there was an extreme indifference and a kind of pity as if looking at a dead person. He didn't even turn around to look at the five deadly attacks behind him, facing the stone armored lizard that was already within arms reach. He simply raised his fist. Then he threw a punch. There were no dazzling shadow techniques, nor any powerful shadow energy fluctuations. It's just pure physical strength. Boom! A deafeningly loud bang, so muffled yet causing excruciating eardrum pain suddenly exploded. The momentary incredulous gazes of Huba and the others froze. That was the incredibly powerful four-star peak shadow beast in their eyes. That hard stone armor strong enough to withstand sharp blades was as fragile as a sheet of paper in front of Lonu's fist. A fist collides with a head. The stone armored lizard s enormous head exploded instantly like a watermelon being smashed by a hammer. Red and white mixed with broken bones and shells splattered wildly in all directions. The massive body was thrown backward more than 10 m due to the enormous impact. It crashed to the ground with a thud, twitched twice, and then fell silent. One punch, sold out instantly. The whole world seemed to have been muted at that moment. Huba's smile froze. The ferocity on the faces of his five henchmen behind him also froze. Their minds went blank as if gripped tightly by an invisible hand, and even their breathing stopped. What? What's going on? A kid whose strength was suppressed to three stars punched and blew up a peak four-star shadow beast. Am I dreaming? Before they could even process the shock of this mind-blowing event, Lana moved. His figure left a lingering shadow on the spot. Quick, extremely fast. It's so fast that even their eyes and even their six senses can't detect it. The first person to react was the burly man who had complained about his broken leg. He felt a chill on his neck and then saw his body rapidly moving away from him. He died. His neck was easily snapped by a hand as easily as breaking a dry twig. Then came four more muffled sounds of flesh breaking almost simultaneously. The remaining four wanted criminals didn't even have time to utter a scream. Their bodies move past lawn use ghostly figure. It can be easily pierced, torn apart, or crushed by fists, palms, or fingers. Blood and pieces of inrols stained a rocky slope red. The whole thing took less than two seconds. Who Bowso's five subordinates, all of whom were at least three star level, were reduced to a pile of minced meat. When Lan Yu reappeared in the same spot, not a single drop of blood was on him. He slowly turned around, his cold eyes falling on Huba, the only one still alive and completely terrified. Hubo stared blankly at the severed limbs scattered all over the ground. Then she looked at the unharmed, indifferent young man. His body began to tremble violently and uncontrollably fear. An unprecedented fear like an icy tide instantly overwhelmed all his reason. He finally understood. What strength was suppressed? What was seriously injured? It's all fake. This kid was acting the whole time. He is not a fat sheep waiting to be slaughtered at all, but a prehistoric beast in sheep's clothing. These self-righteous hunters are the real prey. Yuyu, who Baos voice became sharp and distorted due to extreme fear. He wanted to say something, but he couldn't utter a single word. Lan Yu looked at him and calmly said, "I was hoping you could live a little longer until you took me to that valley of spirit surge. I never expected you guys to be so eager to die." Lu was actually somewhat helpless inside. The skinny monkeys judgment was actually not wrong. The soul devouring storm did indeed severely restrict the flow of his shadowqi. This prevented him from using most of his shadow techniques, suppressing his strength to around three stars. But his greatest trump card has never been his shadow skills. Rather, it was his terrifying physical body, which after being enhanced by the king's body intermediate, was comparable to a highle shadow weapon. This pure physical strength is completely unaffected by any energy impurities. Therefore, even without using a trace of shadow energy, one can crush a sevenstar expert with just their physical body. Lanu walked step by step toward Hubao, who had collapsed to the ground. Now, tell me the exact location of the valley of spirit surge. Hubao burst into tears, completely breaking down. I I'll tell you. I'll tell you everything. Faced with the threat to his life, he didn't hesitate to spill everything he knew. Having obtained the information he wanted, Lanu nodded in satisfaction. Then he lifted his foot. No, don't kill. Click. A crisp cracking sound brought Huba's please to an abrupt halt. After picking up everyone's spoils, Lan Yu determined the direction and headed towards the location of Spirit Surge Valley. Those wanted criminals were indeed right in their judgment. After experiencing the soul eating storm, Lan Yu survived by using every means possible. But the violent and chaotic energy in the storm invaded his body like maggots clinging to his bones. with his shadow energy and chaotic power forming a kind of impurity that was difficult to remove. These impurities blocked his meridians, making it extremely difficult for him to even mobilize his inner energy. Their strength was forcibly suppressed to around three stars. Lanu estimated that if he relied solely on himself to slowly refine it, it will take at least half a month to completely remove these impurities and restore the product to its peak condition. So when he learned about the valley of spiritual surge from Hubao, he immediately set his sights on it. A treasure trove that can accelerate healing and advancement is undoubtedly a godsend for him in his current situation. According to the route confessed by Huba, Lanu spent about half a day on it. Finally, the outline of the valley came into view in the distance. Chapter 343. Face change. It was a huge valley shrouded in thick black fog. Even from a great distance, Lan Yu could feel a pure and refreshing aura emanating from him. A good place. Lanu secretly praised him. However, when he got closer, he found that something was wrong. There was a checkpoint at the entrance to the valley, manned by a dozen men dressed in uniform black armor. The formidable Shadow Clan soldiers stood guard there, blocking anyone attempting to enter the valley. At that moment, several ShadowClan members, who appeared to be local residents, were engaged in a fierce argument with the soldiers. A shadow clan member with a severed arm roared angrily. Why can't we go in? Spirit Valley belongs to all of us. What right do you have to occupy it? His companion was badly injured and clearly wanted to go into the valley to heal. Exactly. We just want to go in and recover from our injuries. We won't be staying for long. The leading soldier captain was a shadow clan member with four arms. His face was filled with undisguised arrogance and disdain as he coldly said, "On what grounds? Because we are under the command of Lord Gluttony. This valley has now been temporarily requisitioned by us. Gluttonous king. Lonu raised an eyebrow. Another one of the seven kings of the film industry. It seems I really do have a connection with these so-called monarchs. The captain of the soldiers continued in a condescending tone. Our lord Leia has ordered that we be here to protect these lords and help them advance to the seven stars. No one is allowed to enter before the esteemed officials emerge from seclusion. Those who know what's good for them should get lost and stop getting in the way. Hearing the names gluttonous king and great lord. The ShadowClan members who were initially indignant instantly lost their momentum. The monarch is the absolute ruler of the film industry. The Grand Lords are the king's most elite fighting force. Each a terrifying existence with a strength reaching the eight-star level. Let alone ordinary Shadow Clan members. Even a typical city lord would have to treat them with utmost respect. One of the Shadow Clan members, still unwilling to give up, pulled out a money pouch from his robes, intending to bribe the soldier captain. Sir, soldier, please do us a favor. We The soldier captain waved his hand impatiently, and a gust of wind sent the Shadow Clan member flying to the ground. Roll. If you dare to utter another word, I'll treat you all as intruders and kill you on the spot. The faces of those ShadowClan members were filled with resentment and humiliation, but in the end, they dared not speak out. They could only help their injured companion and turn away dejectedly. As they passed by Lan Yu, they kindly offered him a word of advice. Brother, don't waste your energy. We can't get into this valley today. Let's try to find a solution elsewhere. Lanu ignored them and walked straight toward the valley entrance. Seeing this, the Shadow Clan members shook their heads, thinking that this fellow clansmen was really stubborn, and they could only pray for good luck. Lan Yus arrival naturally attracted the attention of the soldiers. When the captain of the soldiers saw that someone else was coming, he looked impatient and was about to yell at them to drive them away, just like before. But when his gaze fell on Lanu, he swallowed the words that were on the tip of his tongue because he saw the person standing behind Lanu, a ShadowClan warrior who is nearly 4 m tall with a burly build like an iron tower and exudes a cold and powerful aura. The undisguised pressure made even a five-star captain like him feel a chill run down his spine. Sevenstar Lord. The soldier captain's mind went blank for a moment as he instantly recalled the instructions given to them by Lord Thunderfong before they set off. This protection of the dharma may attract some powerful individuals from the surrounding area who have heard the news. If it's a regular shadow clan member, just drive them away. But what if we encounter a powerhouse at the lord level? As long as they are not here to cause trouble, we should not clash with them. Letting them in is fine so as to avoid any unforeseen complications. After all, those who can reach the level of a seven-star lord all have some kind of background. He might be a subordinate of some monarch or other powerful force. It's not worth offending someone of the same level over such a trivial matter. The soldier captain's mind raced as he weighed the pros and cons. Just then, Lanu walked up to him. Lu spoke calmly. We want to go in. The soldier captain glanced at Lan Yu who had no expression. She glanced again at the menacing seven-star puppet behind him, and the scales in her heart instantly tipped. The arrogance on his face vanished instantly, replaced by a somewhat stiff but still polite smile. He stepped aside to make way. Sir, of course, you may go in. However, there is something I need to remind you of. The valley is divided into four regions: east, south, west, and north. According to the concentration of shadow energy, the east, west, and north areas have already been occupied by several of us who are about to be promoted, so please do not go there to disturb us. There aren't many people in the south district right now, and the concentration of shadow gas isn't bad either. I suggest you go there," the soldier captain explained respectfully. This was also a veiled test to see if the other party would follow his advice and go to the south district. That means the other party really just wanted to use the land for cultivation, not to cause trouble. Wanu nodded. No. After saying that, he began to control the puppet Black Rock. He swaggered into the valley of spirit surge amidst the awe inspiring gazes of the soldiers. Watching Lonu's figure disappear into the thick fog. A soldier leaned close to the captain and whispered, "Captain, are we just going to let him in like that? What if he?" The soldier captain glared at him. "You don't know anything. Didn't you see he had a seven-star bodyguard with him? Can we afford to offend someone like that? As long as he doesn't go off to territories of those powerful figures in the north, let him be. If anything goes wrong, the great lord will take care of it. It's none of our business to worry about it. Meanwhile, Lu had just stepped into the valley of spirit surge. I immediately felt an unprecedented sense of comfort. Pure. The energy here is so pure, it's unbelievable. They were like gentle streams actively entering Lanus body and washing over his limbs and bones. Those stormy impurities that lingered within him like stubborn filth. This pure energy, it began to dissolve and decompose at a visible speed and was then expelled from the body. Cult Lu exhaled a long breath of turbid air which contained wisps of gray energy, the impurities from the storm. Just by standing at the mouth of the valley and taking a few breaths, he felt the blockage in his body lessened considerably. Great place. We definitely came to the right place. Lan Yu was overjoyed and immediately followed the soldier's advice, heading deeper into the southern district. The further you go in, the higher the concentration of the shadow energy becomes. In the end, the shadow energy had almost condensed into solid droplets that floated in the air. Lanu found a quiet corner, sat down cross-legged, and began to absorb the pure shadow energy around him to cleanse his body of impurities. Chapter 344. Advancement to seven stars. The results were even better than he had imagined. Less than 5 minutes. In just 5 minutes, by the soul devouring storm in his body were completely cleansed. A longlost feeling full of explosive power returned to his limbs and bones. Six-star peak. His strength has finally been restored. Lanu slowly opened his eyes, feeling the immense surging power within his body, and a satisfied smile appeared on his face. However, at that moment, the sky suddenly darkened in the other three directions of the valley. Large swaths of dark clouds gathered out of nowhere with faint flashes of lightning visible within them. Immediately afterwards, huge and blurry phantoms slowly emerged from the dark clouds. Some were ferocious beasts, others were strange plants, all with different shapes, but all exuding a powerful aura. Nithog's languid voice echoed in Lanus mind. Oh, it seems someone is about to advance to the seventh star. This is an unusual phenomenon that occurred when a shadow master was promoted to the lord level due to communicating with heaven and earth and activating the essence of their own contracted spirit. The scale and intensity of anomalies often indicate the future potential of those who are promoted. Nidhog glanced at the strange phenomena and curled his lip in disdain. Is this kind of trash worth such a grand show of protection? Does the gluttonous king have no one else to rely on? Then her tone shifted, becoming somewhat seductive as she spoke to Lanu. Kid, I see you reached the peak of six stars two months ago. You've accumulated enough experience since you've already prepared all the materials for the promotion. There's no time like the present. Why don't we just break through to the seven stars level right here and in one go. Upon hearing this, Lan Yus heart stirred. Nidhog is right. He has indeed reached the peak of six stars for some time and can try to break through at any time. Instead of running back to the human world to find some special place for advancement, why not do it right here? Thinking of this, a resolute glint flashed in Lu's eyes. Good. Right here, I ascended to the seven stars. At the entrance to the valley, the soldier captain was idly driving away yet another group of Shadow Clan members who were trying to break into the valley. Just then, his expression hardened, and he suddenly stood up straight. He bowed respectfully towards a thick fog not far away. The thick fog slowly parted to both sides, and a figure emerged from it. The newcomer was tall and wore a magnificent purple gold armor. He had a cold and stern face with a lightning bolt-shaped mark between his eyebrows. He simply stood there and a terrifying pressure as vast as mountains and seas spread out. It made the surrounding air seem to freeze. It was none other than Rhea, a powerful lord under the gluttonous king whose strength had reached the peak of the eighth star. Lord Rya, the soldier captain, and his men all knelt on one knee, their expressions extremely respectful. Reyes simply waved his hand casually, signaling them to get up. His gaze swept across the valley entrance and he asked calmly. I just sensed an unfamiliar lord level aura entering the valley. What's going on? The soldier captain's heart tightened and he quickly reported in detail what had happened when he let Lon Yu and his puppet Black Rockck in. I dare not stop them because I saw that they were powerful. Remembering the Lord's instructions, I So, I took it upon myself to let him in. Please punish me, your honor. After saying that, he lowered his head in fear, awaiting Lelay Ya's judgment. He had expected to be reprimanded to some extent. After all, allowing an unidentified powerful individual to enter the sacred grounds of the Dharma protector is in a sense a dereliction of duty. To his surprise, Rya was not angry after hearing this. Instead, he nodded and showed a hint of approval on his face. "You did a good job." Rya seemed to sense his confusion and explained. A seven-star lord of unknown origin accompanied by a strange six-star youth. This combination is either a member of a reclusive family who has come out to gain experience or a member sent by another monarch to investigate the situation. Neither of them are people we can easily offend. Let him in. Let him go to the south district and avoid a direct conflict with him. This is the safest way to handle it. You handled it very well. Go to the accounting office and collect your triple salary. Upon hearing this, the soldier captain was overjoyed and immediately cowed out in gratitude. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Leah ignored him and instead looked up at the sky deep in the valley. There the dark clouds had gathered to their fullest extent in the east, west, and north directions. Three distinct ascension phenomena were fully formed, radiating powerful pressure. A satisfied smile appeared on Rya's face. He It seems that Ali and the other two are going to succeed. These three are all promising juniors of his. As long as they successfully advance to the seven stars level, the strength under his command will increase further. However, just when he was in a good mood, a sudden change has occurred. Boom! An extremely violent suction force suddenly erupted from the southern part of the valley. It felt as if a bottomless black hole had suddenly appeared in the center of the south district. It began to devour everything around it wildly and irrationally. The dense fog-like aura in the valley was instantly pulled by this suction force. Visible black vortex is formed, frantically converging towards the southern area. What's going on? My god. The shadow energy of the southern district has been completely absorbed. How am I supposed to cultivate now? I can't absorb anymore. Immediately afterwards, a commotion came from the direction of the south district. Dozens of Shadow Clan members who had been cultivating in the southern district were now scrambling out of there. Everyone's face was filled with shock and anger. Leia frowned, reached out to stop the fastest Shadow Clan member, and asked in a deep voice, "What happened in the South District? Why is there such a commotion?" The ShadowClan member was startled to see that it was Grand Lord Thunderfong and quickly replied, "Reporting to reporting to my lord. I I don't know." A madman suddenly appeared in the South District. draw all the shadow energy towards him. We can't possibly outdo him. I couldn't even cultivate a wisp of shadow energy, so I ran away. Upon hearing this, a hint of surprise flashed in Leia's eyes. Can't beat them to a fight. The shadow energy of the valley of spirit surge is so vast that it would be more than enough for dozens of people to absorb at the same time. All the shadow energy in the entire southern district by themselves, preventing others from absorbing even a trace of it. What an incredibly terrifying absorption rate. Could it be the sevenstar lord who just went in? Even a sevenstar lord shouldn't have such outrageous methods. Rhea was puzzled. Suddenly, the scene in the sky changed drastically once again. Chapter 345. Spatial fluctuations. The dark clouds that were originally gathering only in the east, west, and north are now over the southern area. Even more terrifying and darker clouds began to gather wildly. Its convergence speed and scale far exceeded the sum of the other three directions. Is someone else getting promoted? Rehea's expression instantly became extremely serious. He could tell that this was also a sign of advancing to the seventh star. But this strange phenomenon is far too big. Boom. A deafening roar seemingly capable of tearing the sky apart came from the dark clouds above the southern district. Immediately afterwards, an indescribably huge black rift slowly opened up in the sky. The crack was dark and deep, as if it led to some unknown ancient world. Under the horrified gazes of Rya and everyone else present, as if they had seen a ghost. A gigantic dragon had slowly emerged from the crack. It was a colossal dragon, entirely black, with jagged horns and eyes burning with chaotic flames capable of destroying everything. Its head alone was several times larger than the complete bodies of the other three advancement phenomena. Roar. The dragon roared silently to the sky and its entire body broke free from the crack. 1,000 ft. The phantom of that dragon was a full thousand ft long. It looms over the southern area blocking out the sun. Its scales and armor menacing. Terrifying dragon s might from the primordial era. A might that would make even the gods tremble. What? What is this thing? A dragon? How could such a creature appear in the shadow realm? Rehea's body trembled uncontrollably, and he felt his soul groaning under the terrifying dragon's might. He even had an urge to immediately kneel down and worship. This oppressive aura was even more terrifying than when he met the gluttonous king in person. But what shocked him even more was yet to come. Right next to where the black dragon appeared, space cracked open once more. The phantom of another giant dragon slowly emerged. It was a white dragon, pure white in color, with an elegant figure and eyes as pure as a clear spring. Yet, it exuded an aura of death that caused all things to wither. Its size is exactly the same as the black dragon, also a thousand ft in size. One black, one white, two colossal dragons, each 1,000 ft long, exuding completely different yet equally terrifying auras. It hovered over the southern district making the other three tiny firefly like ascension phenomena appear dim and insignificant in comparison. Rya's brain has completely shut down twin phenomena and each one is terrifying to this extent. Who the hell got promoted? Just as everyone was terrified by this earth shattering scene. The two giant dragons moved. They simultaneously opened their enormous mouths enough to devour mountains. Then take a deep breath. call. The entire valley of spirit surge. The vast seaike aura within the valley erupted completely. At this moment, they were no longer gentle streams, but transformed into a black flood that had breached its banks. Pulled by an irresistible and terrifying force, it surged wildly from every corner of the valley. It formed a huge vortex that covered the entire valley. And at the center of the vortex were the gaping m of those two giant dragons. My god, it they are devouring the shadow energy of the entire valley. A soldier screamed. Rya stared blankly at the scene. The enormous amount of shadow energy stored in the valley, which was originally enough to support dozens of people cultivating for several months. It's being consumed at an unbelievable speed. The speed and amount of absorption are simply unheard of and unseen. This is no longer cultivation. This is devouring. This terrifying engulfing lasted for more than 10 minutes. A dozen minutes later, the shadow energy within the entire Spirit Surge Valley was completely drained. It became no different from the outside world. The two giant dragon phantoms seemed to have eaten their fill and let out a satisfied burp. Then they all raised their heads at the same time and let out a long howl that shook the heavens and the earth. Roar! The terrifying sound waves materialized into a tangible impact, spreading outwards. Those three extraordinary phenomena that were originally struggling to maintain their advancement. Under this dragon's roar, like a candle flame in a storm, it couldn't even last a second. It was instantly shattered and destroyed by the terrifying aftershocks, vanishing into the air. After doing all this, the two giant dragon phantoms looked at each other with satisfaction, then slowly disappeared into the void. The dark clouds in the sky dispersed, and the sun shone down again. cataclysmic scene that had just occurred had never happened. All that remained was the valley of spiritual surge, completely drained of its shadow aura, and a group of Shadow Clan members who were utterly dumbfounded like stone statues. Three muffled thuds of vomiting blood came simultaneously from the east, west, and north directions of the valley. The three six-star shadow masters who were about to successfully advance were forcibly shattered by the strange phenomenon of their advancement and suffered severe backlash. He was severely injured on the spot, fell from midair and was extremely weak. Their promotion attempt was a complete failure. Moreover, because this failure has damaged his foundation, he may not have any chance of promotion for the next few years. Who? Who did this? Leia finally snapped out of his shock. His face instantly contorted with rage. His carefully arranged protectors and the three juniors on whom he placed his high hopes were ruined just like that. This is not only a slap in his face, but also a slap in the face of the gluttonous king. Investigate. Go to the south district immediately. I want to see who dares to be so insolent on my territory. Lea Leia roared, his figure transforming into a purple lightning bolt, and he was the first to rush towards the south district. The other seven star lords behind him immediately reacted and followed him with murderous intent. They wanted to see what kind of person had three heads and six arms who caused such a commotion and ruined someone else's promotion. However, when they arrived at the south district in a fit of rage, they found nothing. The entire southern district was deserted except for a faint imprint of a futon on the ground. There wasn't a soul in sight. The culprit has long since disappeared. Where are they? A hot-tempered lord roared. Rehea's face was so gloomy it was almost dripping with water. He squatted down and carefully examined the ground. His gaze quickly settled on a faint, almost imperceptible spatial fluctuation in the air that was about to dissipate. He reached out and carefully sensed the fluctuation, his expression gradually shifting from anger to horror. Spatial teleportation, Leia murmured to himself, his voice trembling. This is nothing special. Even some eight-star powerhouses who are proficient in spatial techniques can do it. But what terrified him was that he could also sense a trace of divine presence in the lingering fluctuations. Chapter 346. The scythe of calamity. Although it's very light, it's definitely not wrong. That was the aura unique to mythical relics. An ancient fluctuation that transcended all things in the world and made the soul tremble. mysterious powerhouse who possesses a mythical level spatial teleportation artifact and can conjure two colossal dragons thousands of feet long upon advancement. Rehea's back was instantly soaked with a layer of cold sweat. He felt his throat go dry and his heart pounding as if he were being gripped tightly by an invisible hand. He realized that he might have inadvertently provoked an unimaginable being. "Sir, should we continue the pursuit?" A subordinate, unaware of what was going on, approached, his eyes still gleaming with a fervent desire to achieve great things. Chase. A bitter feeling welled up in Rya's heart. What can we use to chase them? They can traverse the void in the blink of an eye. Who knows which nook or cranny of the shadow realm they've teleported to? Even if I knew the location, would I dare to chase after him? The earthshattering phenomenon of the twin dragons, the spatial aftershocks left by the mythical relic. Everything was a warning to him that the other party's background and strength were beyond his comprehension. But the thought of his three carefully nurtured juniors having their paths to promotion ruined so easily by someone else is unbearable. With his future ruined, an uncontrollable rage ignited in Rya's chest. This is not only a slap in the face for him, but what if this gets back to the ears of the gluttonous king? How can a great lord like him not even manage what happens on his own territory? What face does he have left? Moreover, Leia harbored a deeper suspicion. Although the two colossal dragon phenomena were terrifying. However, the power contained within it felt somewhat unfamiliar to him. That ancient chaotic and deathly solemn majesty seemed to belong to no known power system in the shadow realm at all. Could it be that the other party is not a shadow clan member? The thought flashed through his mind like lightning and Rya's eyes instantly became incredibly sharp. He gritted his teeth and made a decision. Chase. Even if he can't catch up, he has to make a show of doing so. He wants everyone to know. Leia is not someone to be trifled with. He must find out the true origins of this mysterious person. Chase him. He just teleported away. The spatial fluctuations haven't completely dissipated yet. There are still traces to follow. Leia acted decisively, his voice laced with ruthlessness. Everyone follow me. However, just as he transformed into lightning, preparing to follow that faint spatial fluctuation. An indescribable, terrifying pressure descended from the sky without warning. Like countless sacred mountains, they instantly enveloped them all. The air seemed to solidify into tangible glass, and time stood still at that moment. Thump, thump. The Lord level powerhouses present, including Leia, who was at the peak of the eighth star, were under this pressure. Unable to even muster the slightest thought of resistance, his body involuntarily collapsed to his knees, prostrating himself on the ground. The hard black stone ground was pierced with spiderweb like cracks by their knees. They were pinned to the ground, unable to even lift a finger. A terrifying and overwhelming wave surged within Reya's heart, even more so than before. This is the pressure of a nine-star powerhouse, a monarch level existence. Just as they were terrified, thinking they were about to perish, a dazzling seven-colored ripple suddenly spread across the sky above them without warning. In the center of the ripples, a female figure clad in magnificent silver armor with jet black wings on her back and wielding a huge scythe appeared and disappeared. Her appearance was cold and noble. Her skin was as white as snow, and there was a beauty mark at the corner of her eye that looked like a shooting star. It added a touch of eerie and deadly beauty to her. Upon seeing this figure, Rya's pupils shrank to the size of pinpoints, and the shock in his heart turned into boundless fear. Ryusama, the most mysterious and powerful direct subordinate of the black flame king, the sythe of calamity. How did she end up here? Rehea struggled, using all his strength to barely squeeze out a few words through gritted teeth. I I failed to detect the arrival of Lord Calamity's sighthe. Please atone for my sins. In the sky, the clear and melodious sound of the meteor drifted out slowly, devoid of any human emotion, like the cold wind from the high heavens. No need for such formalities. I came here just to give you a heads up. Don't meddle in things that aren't your business. Don't chase after people you shouldn't. As soon as he finished speaking, the terrifying pressure that was enough to crush one's soul vanished. Leia and the others were immediately relieved, collapsing to the ground and panting heavily. Everyone looked like they had just been pulled out of the water, their backs completely soaked in cold sweat. Rehea immediately understood the meaning behind Meteor's words. The person we shouldn't have chased was naturally the mysterious person who had just left using spatial teleportation. A profound sense of awe like a landslide or a tsunami swept through his heart. That mysterious person is actually related to the black flame king. It might even get the legendary scythe of calamity meteor to personally come forward and warn them. What? What exactly is the origin of this? Leia dared not think any further. He lowered his head deeply and with all his might said with utmost respect, "Yes, this humble servant understands." The colorful ripples in the sky gradually dissipated and the meteor disappeared as if it had never existed. On the other side, the silhouette of a meteor appeared 10,000 meters above the sky. She glanced in the direction Lonu had teleported away, and a rare hint of emotion flickered in her usually calm eyes. I didn't expect that kid could actually come out of the sea of shadows alive and cause such a commotion with 2,000 ft long primal phenomena. That's quite interesting. Just then, the space in front of her rippled slightly, and a screen-like reflection appeared. The image shows the Black Flame King dressed in a straw hat and fisherman's attire, leisurely fishing in a small boat. Black Flame lazily raised his eyelids and asked, "That kid left." Meteor nodded, "We've reached the border." Judging from the direction, we're heading back to the human world. We should arrive there soon. Is that so? That's good. Black Flame's voice sounded as if he had breathed a sigh of relief, as if a small burden had been lifted off his shoulders. Meteor remained silent for a moment, but finally couldn't help but ask the question that had been bothering her. "Your Majesty, why are you so concerned about that human? You even went so far as to have me personally escort him in secret." She paused, a hint of confusion in her voice. "Could it be that you really believe he has the ability to kill nothingness?" Upon hearing this, Black Flames suddenly chuckled and even his fishing rod trembled. He said lazily, "Kill the void. I don't have much hope for that. We both know how terrifying that being is with his current meager abilities. He's still far from being able to achieve that." Meteor was even more puzzled. Then why did you? Black Flame's laughter carried an obvious hint of amusement like that of a mischievous child who had found a new toy. Although I didn't expect him to kill the void, but there is one thing I am certain of. that is void really wants to desperately wants to crush that kid with his own hands. He tugged at the fishing rod as if a fish had taken the bait, but he paid no attention and continued. As far as I know, that void is very arrogant and will never easily leave her original mark on any living being. Since she left a mark on that kid, it means she's determined to have him. Black Flame's voice turned cheerful, tinged with a hint of shoten fraud and mockery. Since nothingness wants him dead, then I will make sure he lives and lives well. I may not be able to do anything else, but I'd be happy to make that damn guy feel annoyed and miserable for a while. I want to see just how far that prey she set her sights on will grow. Even if we can't kill her in the end, it would be quite interesting if she could keep thinking about it and feeling uneasy like a fishbone stuck in her throat, wouldn't it? Chapter 347. Old Acquaintance. A ripple appeared in the air above a dense forest hundreds of miles away, and Lanu's figures slowly emerged. He felt an unprecedented surge of power within him, and a sense of exhilaration washed over him. Seven star shadow master. The vast shadow energy of Wanling Valley, he not only successfully crossed this threshold, his strength has undergone a tremendous change. And even his realm has become much more stable. He had sensed several powerful auras in the valley just now. One of which even reached the peak of the eighth star. Having just been promoted, he didn't want to cause too much trouble. So, he decisively used the boundary breaking feather to teleport away directly. Next, it's time to go home. Lanu took out the map he had taken from Huba from his pocket and used it to determine the direction. It's still quite a distance from Iron Wall City, the nearest human border city marked on the map. At his current speed, it would probably take him about 2 days to fly at full speed. This is a good time to get used to the new power brought by the sevenstar realm. Having made up his mind, Lanu didn't linger any longer, his figure transforming into a streak of light as he flew towards the Iron Wall City. One month later, along the way, Lu traveled at a leisurely pace, occasionally encountering some foolish shadow beasts, which he would casually deal with as sparring partners to consolidate his cultivation level. After a month of adaptation, he has fully mastered the power of the sevenstar shadow master. And the range of his most important six senses has also been terrifyingly enhanced, skyrocketing from 100 m to a full kilometer. He was currently hovering above a dense primeval forest, checking his location against a map. According to the map, we should be able to reach Iron Wall City in two more days. Just as he was about to put away the map and continue on his way, his six senses, which spanned a kilometer, suddenly detected an unusual movement. "Huh, there's a fight." Lanu raised an eyebrow and extended his senses in that direction. In his perception, about 1 kilometer to the southwest, a group of human shadow artists were engaged in a fierce battle with another group of shadow races. Both sides are quite strong, and the fight was evenly matched. Lanu originally didn't intend to get involved in this kind of thing, but he soon spotted a familiar presence among the group of human shadow artists. It's her. A hint of surprise appeared on Lan Yus face. Meanwhile, on the battlefield in the forest, Clang. The blade clashed with the claws, sending up a string of dazzling sparks. Shadowman's powerful slash sent a six-star ShadowClan member staggering backward, his arm going numb. Her sleek black ponytail traced a sharp arc in the air, and her beautiful face was filled with calmness and focus. At this moment, she is using her peak five-star strength to fight against two ShadowClan experts who are both six-star, and they firmly hold the upper hand. Damn it, how can this human woman be so strong? The Shadow Clan member who was knocked back cursed inwardly, feeling as if his tiger's mouth was about to split open. It was an utter disgrace that he and his companion working together were completely outmatched by a human who was a whole rank lower than them. Another member of the Shadow Clan also sensed that the situation was not good and began to consider retreating. If they keep fighting, the two of them might really lose here. However, just as they were preparing to faint and retreat. Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! A dozen or so figures suddenly darted out of the surrounding woods and joined the battle. Shadow Clan powerhouses, each with a strength reaching the six-star level. Reinforcements. Our reinforcements have arrived. The two ShadowClan members who were being overwhelmed by Shadow Moon were overjoyed. However, Shadowm Moon and the human team she led instantly turned pale. Inga frowned, her mind racing with calculations. With her strength, dealing with four Six-star Shadow Clan members at the same time was already her limit. Now the opponent has suddenly sent 10 more plus the two from before making a total of 12 six-star enemies. How can we fight like this? She could easily escape if she wanted to. However, most of her companions behind her were only four or five star and facing the siege of so many six-star experts, their chances of survival were slim. Har humans, your death is nigh. The ShadowClan reinforcements captain on the opposite side let out a sinister laugh, giving them no chance to catch their breath and waved his hand. Form ranks. Don't let a single one escape. The 12 Six-Star Shadow Clan experts instantly dispersed, surrounding Ingu and the others, forming an impenetrable encirclement. An atmosphere of despair permeated the human squad. Captain Wei. A young team member's face was ashen and his voice was trembling. Ingu gripped the long sword tightly in her hand, a resolute glint in her eyes. Even if I die, I'll take a few people down with me. She took a deep breath, preparing to burn her life in a final desperate attempt. However, at that moment, a deep, dark expanse seemingly capable of swallowing all light, descended from the sky without warning. The darkness was like a giant curtain instantly enveloping the two Six-Star Shadow Clan members closest to Shadow Moon. Uh, what the hell is this thing? Two Shadow Clan members immediately screamed in terror and pain from the darkness. This sudden turn of events stunned everyone. What happened? Who is it? The Shadow Clan reinforcements captain's expression changed immediately realizing that a powerful figure was making a move in the shadows. He shouted sternly, "You're playing tricks. Break it." He and several other Shadow Clan members immediately unleashed their shadow techniques, bombarding the eerie darkness. However, their powerful attack, capable of splitting mountains and shattering rocks, landed on the darkness. Yet, it was like a mud ax sinking into the sea without causing a ripple. In that brief moment of their attack, the darkness suddenly expanded. Like a tidal wave, it engulfed most of the Shadow Clan. The remaining Shadow Clan members were terrified when they saw the situation was turning against them. They immediately realized that this was a terrifying area of effect skill. Run, get out of this area. Some of the quickest to react didn't even hesitate. They turned and fled frantically out of the area. In their view, they would be safe as long as they ran out of the area's coverage. They were incredibly fast, covering over a 100 meters in the blink of an eye. However, the relief on their faces froze instantly before it could even appear. Because the darkness was spreading several times faster than they were escaping. No matter how they ran, they could never escape the darkness. They discovered with despair that the scope of this field was far greater than they had imagined. After advancing to the seventh star, Lanu's shadow corridor range has increased to a terrifying 500 m. These six-star shadow clan members are how could they possibly outpace the expansion of their domain. Soon, none of the Shadow Clan members escaped. They were all pulled into that dark corridor. Immediately afterwards, splash. Green raindrops began to fall in the darkness. Reign of Corrosion. Chapter 348 Border City. Ah, my body. No. Help. The piercing screams echoed in the darkness, but soon fell silent again. Shadow Moon and her squad members stared in disbelief at the scene before them. They didn't even know where the attackers were. Yet, that group of arrogant ShadowClan powerhouses had already been wiped out. A moment later, the all-consuming darkness slowly contracted and dissipated. Finally, the figure of a blue-haired youth appeared in the spot. He hovered quietly in midair, his expression indifferent, as if he had only done a trivial thing. Upon seeing that familiar figure, Inu was first takenback, and then an uncontrollable look of surprise and joy burst forth in her calm eyes. While the others were still in shock and bewilderment, Shadowm Moon spoke first, her voice trembling with a hint of uncertainty. Blue, blue team, how did you get here? Lan Yus figure slowly descended from the sky and a smile appeared on his lips as he looked at Ingus delighted face. Long time no see, Shadowman. He never expected to run into his guildmates here. It really is you, Team Blue. Upon receiving confirmation, Inuette could no longer conceal her joy. She walked quickly to Lan Yu and looked him up and down, her usually calm eyes now filled with excitement. I heard you went missing. It has been almost a year since she last saw Lan Yu after their last guild mission. I never imagined that we would meet again in this place and in this way. It's a long story. Lu shrugged. There was a bit of an accident and I accidentally fell into the shadow realm. He spoke these words casually, but in Wet could imagine the danger involved. Accidentally fell into the world of shadows. Who would believe that? What kind of place is the film industry? It's a place where you have a slim chance of survival. She looked at Lanu, her heart filled with curiosity and questions. What exactly did he go through that year? Why did his strength become so terrifying? That move just now instantly killed 12 six-star experts, several of whom were even at the peak of the six-star level. This level of strength probably far exceeds the scope of a seven-star level. Right behind Ina finally snapped out of their shock. Their eyes were filled with awe and gratitude as they looked at Lan Yu. Thank you. Thank you for saving me, senior. One of the team members was the first to react and quickly stepped forward to bow in gratitude. Others followed suit, expressing their sincerest gratitude to Lan Yu. If Lan Yu hadn't appeared in time, they would probably have been wiped out today. No need to be polite. Lan Yu waved his hand, then looked at Ingu and asked, "How did you end up in a place like the border region, and you even got into a fight with the king's men?" He recognized the characteristics of the gluttonous king lineage from the energy aura of those shadow clan members. Upon hearing Lu's question, Inu explained with a hint of helplessness. We're here to hunt down some desperatos. Those guys committed heinous crimes in the human world, murdering many of our colleagues in the bureau, and then fled all the way to the shadow realm. We were assigned a mission and tracked them all the way here. Unexpectedly, we ran into a patrol under the command of the gluttonous king, and a fight broke out, hunting down fugitives. Upon hearing this, Lan Yus heart stirred, and he suddenly remembered who Bow and his gang whom he had casually dealt with not long ago. Could it be such a coincidence? He asked tentatively, "Is the fugitive you're hunting a five-man squad led by a burly man with a scar and with a skinny guy in the group who has exceptionally strong senses?" Lanu gave a brief description of the physical characteristics of Huba and the others. Inu's eyes lit up immediately after hearing this, and she nodded repeatedly. Yes, yes, yes. That's them. The boss is called Hubo and the skinny guy is called Skinny Monkey. They're our top targets. Blue team, have you seen them? There was a hint of urgency in her voice to chase these loaches, losing several members in the process. Lanu nodded at her expectant eyes and said in a nonchalant tone, "I saw it. Then I killed him while I was at it. These words were spoken. The air fell into a deathly silence." Inguay and all the team members behind her stared blankly at Lan Yu as if they had been frozen in place. The expression on his face was absolutely priceless. Just kill him while you're at it. Is it really that simple? They chased after him across most of the world with great difficulty, even venturing into dangerous territory where they lost several companions, the vicious bandits who could not be captured. When it comes to him, it becomes something that can be dealt with casually. Seeing the stunned expressions on everyone's faces, Lan Yu seemed to realize that what he had said was a bit harsh. He coughed and took out several items from his storage space, which were the spoils he had casually picked up from the corpses of Huba and the others. This included the forged bureau certificate and several identity tokens engraved with their names. Here, these things should prove their identities. You can take them back to report. In looked at what Lu handed her and was momentarily at a loss for how to react. She opened her mouth, but it took her a long time to find her voice. This This is your spoils, blue team. And you completed the mission. How can we take it? Lanu interrupted her, shoving the item directly into her hand. Consider it a gift from a friend we haven't seen in a long time. Don't be so polite with me, friend. Hearing those two words, Ingua felt a strange warmth welling up inside her. Looking into Lanu's sincere eyes, she finally decided not to refuse and solemnly put the things away. Well, thank you very much, Blue Team. Let's go. This isn't the place to talk. Let's go back to the city first, Lu said. Good. Led by Ingua, Lu followed them as they flew toward Iron Wall City, the border city of humanity. Along the way, the way the Shadow Moon squad members looked at Lanu changed. What was once gratitude and awe has now completely turned into worship and reverence. They chattered excitedly around Lanu, asking him all sorts of questions just like a bunch of little fans. Lu also learned from them about some changes that had occurred in the human world during the year he was gone. Overall, things are relatively stable. However, activities in the film industry seem to have become more frequent than before, and there are occasional frictions between the seven monarchs. 2 days later, a magnificent city like a steel behemoth stretched across the horizon and came into view. That was the largest stronghold that humans had established at the border and the first line of defense against the invasion of the shadow realm, Iron Wall City. However, when Lan Yu, Ingu, and the others approached Iron Wall City, they discovered that something was a miss. Chapter 349. joining forces. The deafening shouts of battle and the violent energy explosions could be clearly heard from a great distance. The entire city is currently surrounded by an endless army of shadow monsters and shadow beasts. Like a black tide, wave after wave crashed against the tall and sturdy city walls. Human shadow artists are fighting a bloody battle on the city walls. Various colored shadow techniques shot into the sky, colliding fiercely with the black beast tide, bursting into dazzling yet deadly sparks. Oh no, the city is under attack. Inu's expression changed. Judging by the scale, "This is definitely the king's forces launching a full-scale attack," one of her team members exclaimed in horror. Although the iron wall city was said to be invincible, it was in grave danger when faced with the full-scale attack of the king's regular army. The defensive barrier of the city wall had become flickering under the relentless attacks as if it would shatter at any moment. Once the barrier is broken, the endless army of shadow monsters will rush into the city and the consequences will be unimaginable. Let's go provide support. Ing made a decisive decision and led her team to rush to the battlefield. Wait a minute. Lu reached out and stopped her. Blue team. Shadow Moon looked at him puzzled. Lan Yu's gaze swept across the chaotic battlefield below and landed on two locations behind the shadow monster army. Under his six senses and minds eye, the two powerful auras there were as conspicuous as a campfire in the night. Lord level powerhouses whose strength had both reached the peak of the seven stars. They are the true commanders of this siege. To catch the thief, first catch the king. Once those two are dealt with, the crisis will naturally be resolved. Just leave the lower level soldiers to it. Lanu said calmly, a thought suddenly occurring to him. The space behind him distorted, and the nearly 4 m tall puppet, Black Rockck, silently appeared in midair. "Go!" At Lanus command, Black Rockck's scarlet eyes suddenly lit up. His entire body, like a black meteorite, crashed into the densest army of shadow monsters below, with a whistling sound that tore through the air. Boom! A loud bang! The earth cracked and smoke and dust billowed into the sky. Centered on the point where the black rock landed, a huge crater with a diameter of over 100 m was instantly formed. The hundreds of shadow monsters within range were instantly turned into minceme by this terrifying impact. This sudden scene brought the entire battlefield to a standstill. Both the human defenders on the city wall and the army of shadow monsters below instinctively stopped what they were doing and stared in horror at the deep pit. As the smoke and dust cleared, a burly figure, resembling a demon god, slowly rose from the pit. Roar! Into the army of shadow monsters like a tiger among sheep. Its iron fist, harder than steel, could unleash a storm of blood and gore with every swing. Ordinary shadow monsters are as fragile as paper in front of it. They die from a mere graze or a single touch. It single-handedly turned the rear lines of the shadow monster army upside down, causing chaos and destruction. The human defenders on the city wall were stunned at first, then burst into a deafening cheer. Reinforcements. Our reinforcements have arrived. Well done. Kill all these bastards. Morale was instantly ignited. Ing and the others stared in disbelief at the terrifying puppet below that was wreaking havoc. Speechless for a moment. Then they remembered that the blue team was actually a puppeteer. Moreover, he's an outrageous puppeteer who can produce sevenstar combat puppets. Let's go. Let's go meet those two big guys. Ignoring the shock of the crowd, Lanu vanished in a flash, flying towards the two lords. The Shadow Monster army. Two Shadow Clan lords hovered in midair, coldly observing the battle unfolding before them. One of them was tall and wore heavy black armor. His aura was violent and direct. He was the overt commander of this operation, Madclaw, a fierce general under Lord Thunderfong. Not far from him, another figure blended into the surrounding environment like a ghost. Unless one's strength reaches a certain level, it would be impossible to detect his presence. His name is Shadow Assassin, and he is also a lord at the peak of the seven stars level, specializing in stealth and assassination. Madclaw, the barrier on the city wall, is almost complete. We'll be able to break through it in 10 more minutes. Shadow Assassin's voice was like a viper's hiss, cold and horse. Madclaw nodded, a cruel smile appearing on his face. Very well. After the city falls, I will tear all the humans inside to pieces. However, at that moment, a sudden commotion from the rear camp shattered his illusions. Huh? What's going on? Madclaw frowned and turned around. A gigantic puppet, seemingly appearing out of nowhere, was rampaging through their army. As if entering an uninhabited land, corpses littered the ground wherever they went. Sevenstar puppet. A hint of surprise flashed in Madclaw's eyes. Interesting. It seems there's a big fish hiding in this city. Shadow Assassin's voice rang out again. I'll go take care of it. No. Madclaw called out to him, his gaze suddenly shifting in another direction. A sharp glint flashed in his eyes. Never mind that puppet for now. Something more troublesome is coming. He suddenly raised his hand, conjuring a huge energy claw that slashed fiercely at the open space in front of him. Boom! The energy claws fell but missed, leaving only a few deep trenches in the ground. A blue-haired youth had appeared in the open space at some point. It was Lanu, peak of the seven stars. Madclaw looked at Lanu, a hint of semnity flashing in his eyes. He could sense that although the young man in front of him looked young, the aura emanating from him was in no way weaker than his own. Madclaw, this man is yours. I'll deal with that puppet. Shadow Assassin's voice came again, indicating they were preparing to split up. Madclaw stopped him again, staring intently at Lanu and saying in a deep voice, "Don't rush. Shadow assassin, don't leave yet. Let's take him down together. I have a feeling this guy is dangerous." As a battleharden lord, Madclaw's intuition told him that Lan Yu in front of him was definitely not an ordinary peak sevenstar. Although Shadow Assassin was somewhat puzzled by what he heard, he still chose to trust his companion's judgment. He concealed himself again, preparing to find an opportunity to attack Lanu together with Madclaw. However, their little scheme was seen through by Lan Yu in one sentence. Lanu glanced at Madclaw and then at the direction where Shadow Assassin had disappeared, a playful smile playing on his lips as he spoke softly. "What? Aren't you going to split up? Looks like they want to team up and take me out first." Lan Yus casual remarks struck like a thunderbolt in the hearts of Madclaw and Shadow Assassin, who were hiding in the shadows. Madclaw's face instantly turned into horror. How could he know? How could he possibly know about the existence of the Shadow Assassin? Chapter 350. It's all right. It should be noted that the Shadow Assassin's void walk technique is the most advanced stealth technique of their race. Once unleashed, it can blend seamlessly into the space, leaving no trace of its original form, let alone a peak seven-star expert of the same level. Even a Grand Lord at the initial eightstar level would find it extremely difficult to detect his presence if he is not on guard. But this young human man in front of them saw through their plan in a single sentence. They could even see clearly where the shadow assassin was hiding. How is this possible? The shadow assassin hidden in the void was even more shocked than before. He felt like a clown who had stripped naked and was standing in front of a large crowd. All secrets and all reliance were laid bare before those calm eyes. An unprecedented chill shot from his tailbone straight up to the top of his head. Who? Who are you? Madclaw shouted, trying to use his voice to cover up his inner horror. Lanu did not answer him, but shook his head with a hint of pity on his face. Even if both of them come at me, it won't change the outcome. Move the instant he finished speaking. It lacked any earthshattering momentum or world destroying shadow techniques. His figure vanished abruptly from the spot. Quick, it's almost at its limit. He was so fast that even the two peak sevenstar experts, Madclaw and Shadow Assassin, couldn't catch his movement at all. In their perception, Lan Yu, who was tens of meters away just a second ago, seemed to have vanished into thin air the next second. Where are they? Madclaw's pupils shrank to the size of pinpoints, and the hairs on his body stood on end as he frantically scanned his surroundings, trying to find any trace of Lanu. However, he couldn't see anything. Just then, a shrill scream, as if someone's neck had been grabbed, suddenly rang out beside him. Madclaw suddenly turned his head. Then, he saw the most terrifying scene he would never forget in his life. Lu had appeared out of nowhere, seemingly out of nowhere, in front of the empty space beside him. His right hand was gripping a spot of air tightly. The air there was violently distorting and struggling, slowly revealing a human-shaped outline. Its shadow assassin, his most trusted ally, who was skilled in assassination. At this moment, it was as if Lu had easily pulled a chick out of the void and lifted it into the air just like a chick with its throat being choked. Shadow assassin's face was filled with extreme fear and disbelief. He couldn't understand how the other party had managed to do it. Why is my prized void walk so easily pierced through in front of this opponent like a thin sheet of paper? Let let me go. Shadow assassin managed to squeeze out a few words from his throat. Lanu ignored his pleas for mercy and just looked at him with cold eyes. A wisp of black flame quietly ignited in his palm. That was the divine authority ability he learned after being promoted to a sevenstar shadow master. Azjura fire gain a brand new divine authority ability. Azura's flame source of ability god of Azura effect summons a black karmic fire originating from the authority of destruction. This flame ignores physical and shadow energy defenses directly burning the targets soul and life essence completely erasing them from the realm of existence. No. The shadow assassin let out a desperate roar. The black flames instantly enveloped him without making any sound or generating any high temperature. The shadow assassin's body was disintegrated and annihilated at a visible speed within those eerie flames. His soul along with his body turned to ashes and vanished into the air within mere seconds. Madclaw stared blankly at the scene, his mind completely blank. Dead. A lord at the peak of the sevenstar level and a top assassin were just instantly killed. There wasn't even a sliver of room for resistance. However, after the extreme shock came overwhelming anger and fear. Madclaw snapped back to his senses and realized that he had encountered an incomprehensible monster today. Escape. We must escape. But he didn't turn and run immediately because he knew that turning his back on such a terrifying monster was dangerous. That's tantamount to handing over your life. The only chance of survival is to fight to the death and create a sliver of opportunity to escape. A mad claw roared madly, unleashing its full power of shadow energy. His body instantly swelled up. Black keratin grew on his skin and his hands turned into two ferocious claws a meter long. Shadow transformation. This is his strongest fighting form. He pushed his speed to the limit transforming into a black lightning bolt. The sharp claws in his hand carrying the power to tear through space fiercely grabbed at Lanu who was still in an open space after killing the shadow assassin. He used all his strength in this attack. It was the fastest and strongest attack of his life. He could almost see Lan Yu being torn in two by his own claws. However, reality dealt him another cruel blow. Faced with those claws powerful enough to tear apart the armor of a warship, Lan Yu didn't even draw his weapon. He simply raised his fist again. Clang. A deafening clang of metal clashing. Madclaw felt as if his claws were not gripping a person's flesh and blood, but rather a mountain forged from divine metal. An irresistible and terrifying force emanated from the opponent's fist. Snap! A crisp sound! Madclaw's indestructible claws, comparable to highle shadow weapons, were actually broken. It was abruptly interrupted by the other party's punch. This, what kind of heaven-deying physical strength is this? Only this one thought remained in Madclaw's mind. He hadn't yet recovered from this extreme shock. Bang! Another dull, loud bang. He felt his body jolt violently and all his strength and consciousness were drained away in that instant. He stiffly lowered his head to look at his chest. There, a huge blood-filled hole had appeared, its front and back completely exposed. The opponent's fist shattered his claws and pierced his chest at the same time. Monster Madclaw managed to utter the last two words. The life in their eyes vanished completely. His massive body plummeted straight down from the sky, crashing to the ground and kicking up a cloud of dust with the deaths of two Lord level commanders. The shadow monster army below, which was still frantically attacking the city, was instantly leaderless and fell into chaos. The human defenders on the city wall seized this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and launched a fierce counterattack. The sevenstar puppet Black Rock was like a tireless meat grinder. A bloody massacre ensued amidst the chaos of the enemy forces. The outcome is decided. The commotion on the battlefield gradually subsided. With the deaths of two peak level seven star lords, the leaderless shadow monster army was completely routed. Under the combined attack of the city wall defenders, and the puppet black rock, they were quickly wiped out. The rest fled in panic and no longer posed a threat. The impregnable city has been defended. A thunderous cheer erupted from the city walls, a testament to the relief of those who had survived the catastrophe. All eyes were focused on the blue-haired youth who was slowly descending from the sky. His eyes were filled with indescribable awe and gratitude. We won. We won. It was that, sir. He saved us. Shadow Moon and her squad members also flew over. Everyone's face was filled with relief at surviving the ordeal and awe at Lan Yus unfathomable strength. Blue team you. Inga looked at Lanu and for a moment she didn't know what to say. That she could instantly kill two peak sevenstar lords was completely beyond her comprehension of strength. She thought that her five-star peak strength and ability to fight a six-star opponent was already a genius among geniuses. Compared to Lanu, it's like a firefly compared to the bright moon. They're not even in the same league. Lu recalled the puppet black rock which had returned to his back after its rampage and smiled at Inyu. It's all right now. Just then, the city gates opened wide, and a group of fierce looking city guards strode out. Chapter 351. The Morton family. The leader was a middle-aged man with a resolute face, wearing heavy silver armor. His aura was powerful, clearly indicating that he was also a seven-star expert, presumably the supreme commander of this Ironwalled city. I am Zhao Jean, the city lord of Ironwal City. Thank you for your help in rescuing my city from its peril. The middle-aged man walked up to Lanu. Without the slightest air of superiority, he respectfully performed a deep bow. All the soldiers behind him also knelt down on one knee in unison, their movements perfectly synchronized, exuding the iron will of soldiers. Zhojan was actually much more shocked than he appeared on the surface. Had witnessed the entire process of Lan Yu instantly killing two lords of the same rank from the city wall. That clean and decisive action, that overwhelming presence. This made him, a city lord who was also a seventh star, feel a chill run down his spine. He knew very well that if it were him, he wouldn't be able to handle both Madclaw and Shadow Assassin at the same time. Even if you encounter either of them one-on-one, the odds are definitely against you. But this young man, who looked to be no more than 20 years old, dealt with them as easily as cutting melons and vegetables. What kind of monster came from? Lord Joe, there's no need for such formalities. I am human too, so it is only right that I lend a hand." Wanu waved his hand, signaling them to get up. Zho stood up, his face beaming with gratitude. What may be a small favor for you is a life-saving grace for the hundreds of thousands of soldiers and civilians of our Iron Wall city. I have prepared a simple banquet at the city lord's mansion tonight, and I hope you will do me the honor of attending so that we may express our gratitude." Faced with such a warm invitation, Wanu shook his head and politely declined. All he wants now is to get back to familiar surroundings as soon as possible, to see his friends in the guild, and to see his sister whom he hasn't seen in a long time. Although he had previously asked Janice, the king of the sky realm, to send a message to let him know he was safe, it was ultimately not as reliable as going back in person. After all, his sister Luwang was one of the few people in the world who were genuinely good to him. Hearing that Lan Yu was leaving, Zho Xans face showed a hint of regret, but he didn't dare to insist that he stay and could only nod and say, "Since you have made up your mind, I Zhao will not presume to persuade you. May I ask your name? We, the Iron Wall City, will forever remember this great kindness and will report it to the administration bureau to recommend you for commendation." After thinking for a moment, Lanu gave his guild code name, Lanu. He doesn't want to reveal his true identity yet. When Zhao Jean heard the name, he was taken aback at first, then seemed to realize something. His pupils constricted sharply, and an even more shocked expression appeared on his face. "You You are that person from the Lawn family." He didn't finish his sentence, but the meaning was already clear. Lanu raised an eyebrow, realizing that his family's reputation was quite wellnown in this border region. He nodded, which was taken as tacid agreement. Upon receiving confirmation, Zhao Xans attitude became even more respectful, even showing a hint of awe. If he had previously regarded Lan Yu merely as a powerful senior expert. Now, the way he looks at Lan Yu is as if he's looking at a legendary behemoth. Zho Xan quickly bowed again. So, it's the prodigy of the Lawn family in person. My apologies for not recognizing you in person. Speaking of which, our iron wall city has been able to stand strong to this day, thanks in large part to the help of your esteemed family's Lord Blue Frost on many occasions. Mentioning his sister, Lan Yus heart stirred, and he asked casually, "Oh, my sister Luwang, where is she now?" Zhaojan immediately replied. Blue frost hero did come to the border area a while ago and even helped us wipe out a group of monarchs. But right now she should be at the headquarters of the administration that city in the sky attending a week-long world conference. World conference. Upon hearing this, Wanu understood. It seems my sister is busy right now and I won't be able to see her for the time being. In that case, we can postpone going back for now. He suddenly remembered the world of mental images. The promise he made with the shadow girl, Highland, was that after she helped him resolve the void mark, he would go to the Kelster family to check on them, and if they were in trouble, he would help them to the best of his ability. Having received a tremendous favor from Helen, he naturally could not forget this agreement. Since I have some free time now, I might as well take this opportunity to go. Having made up his mind, Lanu looked at Joe Xan and asked, "Lord, I would like to inquire about a family. Mr. Lu, please speak. I will tell you everything I know, Zhao Xan said immediately. The Kelster family. Do you know their whereabouts? Upon hearing the name, Zho Xans face showed a hint of doubt. He thought carefully for a moment, then shook his head. Kelster, the name sounds familiar. I think I've seen it in an ancient book. It seems to be a very glorious family from long ago. But now, forgive my ignorance. I have never heard of where this family is located. Lu was not surprised to hear this. After all, Chin Shan had also said that this family had declined for over a hundred years and had gradually faded from people's sight. Just as he was feeling somewhat disappointed and preparing to think of other solutions, Ing suddenly spoke up. Blue team, you are you going to the Kelster family? Her voice carried a hint of barely perceptible complexity. Lanu looked at her. What you know? Inua was silent for a moment, then nodded and said something that surprised even Lan Yu. I know because I am also a member of the Kelster family. However, they are members of the Morton family, a distant collateral branch who are not even allowed to have their own family name. Her voice was very soft, as if she were telling a story that had nothing to do with her. My real name is Shears Morton. Shears Morton. Lu repeated the name, looking at the girl with a neat black ponytail in front of him. The girl, with her cool and aloof demeanor, was somewhat surprised. He truly never expected that his guildmates would have such a connection with the family he was searching for. So, you know where the Kelster family is now. Wu pressed. Shadow nodded. Yes, I know. It's quite a coincidence that their territory isn't far from here, just in a valley about 300 m east of Iron Wall City. 300 m is nothing more than a moment's time for Lan Yu with his current strength. That's perfect. Take me there, Lan Yu said immediately. Okay. Inguaya agreed immediately without the slightest hesitation. Her team had completed their mission and they had obtained the token from Hubao and his gang of desperatos. All that's left is to return to the guild and report back. Taking Lanu to the Kelster family won't take up much time. More importantly, deep down, she seemed to want to take advantage of this opportunity. Let's go back and take one last look at that place that is both familiar and unfamiliar. After bidding farewell to Lord Zhao Jean, Lan Yu, led by Ingu, flew towards the ancestral lands of the Kelster family. Chapter 352, whose leg was broken, Shadowman's squad members stayed in Iron Wall City to rest and regroup, waiting for her to return. Along the way, Lan Yu also gained a clearer understanding of the current Kelster family from In US words. As Chin Shan said, this was the one that pioneered the film technique system. This once glorious and ancient family has indeed declined to a regrettable state. The family is facing a talent shortage with even the strongest patriarch only possessing the strength of an eight-star peak. There isn't even a single n-star expert. The number of clansmen has dwindled and collateral branches have broken away and gone their own way. Today, Kelster is no longer the city it once was and can only retreat to its ancestral homeland. They barely managed to maintain the dignity of a second rate family. The Morton family to which Shadowman belongs is one of the many collateral branches that broke away. She displayed amazing talent from a young age but because of her status as a member of a collateral branch of the family. They were ostracized and suppressed within their family and received no preferential treatment in terms of resources. Ultimately disheartened, she chose to leave her family and venture out on her own, eventually joining the other Shoreflower Guild. It could be said that she didn't feel much belonging to that so-called family, but rather a complex sense of alienation. Listen to Ingua's story, he pondered to himself. It seems that Hyron's prophetic dream was not unfounded. A family that doesn't even have a nine-star expert and is riddled with internal conflicts is facing the risk of extinction. Soon, a secluded valley surrounded by mountains came into view. At the entrance to the valley stands a simple stone archway. Above the lentil is carved an intricate and ancient family crest still faintly revealing some of its former grandeur. However, when the two flew to the entrance of the valley and stopped and did not go any further. Blue team leader, I'll leave you here. She looked at Lanu and said softly. Lu asked somewhat puzzled, aren't you coming in with me? Inu shook her head, a self-deprecating smile appearing on her face. I won't go in. According to the family rules, we collateral relatives are not allowed to enter the clan's territory without being summoned. I don't want to cause you any trouble. Her words conveyed a deep sense of helplessness and alienation. Lanu frowned slightly, as if he was about to say something. Just then, several young figures walked out from inside the archway. There were three men and two women, all of whom looked to be in their early 20s. They wore identical, gorgeous outfits and had an innate arrogance on their faces. They had clearly also seen Lan Yu and Inyu floating in midair when their gazes fell upon Shadow Moon. One of them, a blonde youth who seemed to be the leader, immediately showed undisguised contempt and disgust on his face. Who do we have here? It's someone from the Morton family. The blonde youth's voice was sharp and sarcastic, full of mockery. What? You couldn't make it on the outside, so you want to wag your tail and come back begging for the protection of the main family? What right does a bastard from a collateral branch have to be here? Get out of here. Another young man with a pointed face echoed this sentiment. His words filled with insults. Faced with such a harsh insult, Ingu's face instantly turned pale. She clenched her fists tightly, her body trembling slightly with anger. But she ultimately held back, simply lowering her head and coldly explaining, "I didn't come back to see you. I just brought a guest with me." "Guest?" The young men then turned their gaze to Lan Yu, who was standing next to Ingu. They looked lawn you up and down, their eyes filled with scrutiny and suspicion. The blonde youth asked in a condescending tone. We and the Kelster family haven't heard of any guests visiting recently. Who are you? Do you have an invitation? Lu felt a little impatient looking at the arrogant attitude of these guys. He spoke calmly. I didn't have an invitation. Your first patriarch sent me. He had thought that invoking the title of the first head of the family would make these guys behave themselves. However, he clearly overestimated the intelligence of this group of fallen nobles. Upon hearing the words first patriarch, the young men were takenback. Then, as if they had heard the biggest joke in the world, they burst into unrestrained laughter. Haha, what did he say? The first patriarch sent him. Has this guy lost his mind? The first patriarch has been dead for tens of thousands of years. Why doesn't he just say he was sent by the gods? The blonde youth was laughing so hard tears were almost streaming down his face. He pointed at Lanu, his mockery growing even more pronounced. Kid, at least make your lies believable. Now, I don't care who you are. Take this bastard and get out of my sight right now. Otherwise, don't blame us for being impolite. His voice already carried a clear, threatening tone. Seeing this, Inua's expression changed. She tugged at Lan Yu's sleeve and whispered, "Blue team, perhaps we should leave first." and I'll have someone from my family inform them. She didn't want Lan Yu to have a conflict with his family because of her. However, Lanu shook his head, indicating that she didn't need to worry. He had originally intended to be polite, but since the other party was being ungrateful, there was no need to waste any more words with them. I'll say it again. Get the person in charge of your department out here to see me. Lu's voice turned cold, devoid of any emotion. The young men were furious when they saw that Lan Yu not only didn't leave, but also dared to speak to them in that tone. Court death. A fierce glint flashed in the blonde youth's eyes. He had completely lost his patience. Get him. Break his legs. Let him know why the flowers are so red. At his command, his two henchmen, both of whom were five-star level, immediately charged toward Lon Yu with sinister grins. The two stood on the left and right, their shadow energy erupting instantly, unleashing two sharp attacks aimed directly at Lan Yu's vital points. A conflict has broken out. Faced with the full force attacks of the two five-star shadow masters, Lan Yu didn't even lift an eyelid. He simply hovered silently in place as if he hadn't seen the two fierce attacks that were powerful enough to split rocks and shatter stone. "Blue team, watch out!" Ingua exclaimed in surprise and instinctively reached for her sword to help. Although she knew that Lan Yus strength was unfathomable, the other party was, after all, two five-star experts. Moreover, judging from the technique, it was clearly a powerful shadow technique passed down directly from the Kelster family, and its power should not be underestimated. However, what happened the next second? But this made her and the other young people from the Kelster family stare wideeyed, their faces filled with disbelief. Just moments before the two sharp attacks were about to strike Lan Yu's body, but it was as if it had crashed into an invisible wall and exploded with a bang. Chapter 353. Is that all the strength you have? The violent energy scattered in all directions, yet it didn't even stir the hem of Lanu's clothes. He didn't even use a trace of shadow energy. He simply used his physical body. It blocked the full force attack of two five-star shadow masters. This How is this possible? The ferocious smiles on the faces of the two henchmen who had attacked instantly froze, replaced by boundless horror. They felt their attack was like two eggs hitting a piece of finely refined steel. Aside from smashing himself to pieces, he caused no harm to the other party that rebounded from lawn. You caused their blood to surge and their arms to go numb. What kind of monster is this? It can withstand the shadow techniques of a five-star shadow master with its bare body. Is that all the strength you have? Lanu finally raised his eyelids, his indifferent gaze sweeping over the two of them. His tone carried an undisguised disappointment. These words undoubtedly added fuel to the fire. The two henchmen were both shocked and furious, feeling that they had been greatly insulted. Damn it, don't be so arrogant. Attack together. I refused to believe he can withstand all of our attacks. Provoked by Lonu's disdainful gaze, the remaining young people also became angry. The blonde youth at the head of the group had a livid face, he proclaimed himself a once- in a century genius of the Kelster family. Having reached the initial stage of the six-star level at such a young age, how could he have ever been ignored like this? Set up the shadowbinding array. I'll make him pay for his arrogance, the blonde youth roared. The other four immediately understood and moved swiftly, instantly surrounding Lu. The five people s shadow energy connected forming a huge net made of shadows which descended upon Lan Yu. The shadowbinding formation is a famous combined attack formation of the Kelster family. Once trapped, it is extremely dangerous. Even those who are a rank higher than them will have their movements severely restricted and be at the mercy of others. They believe that as long as they could contain this arrogant guy, victory would be theirs. Looking at the large, shadowy net that was closing in on him, Lan Yu finally showed a hint of impatience. Is this never going to end? He was too tired to play with these kids anymore. Just as the large net was about to fall, Lan Yus figure suddenly disappeared from the spot. Quick, extremely fast. He was so fast that no one present could keep up with his speed. Where is he? The blonde youth was startled. In his perception, Lu's aura seemed to have evaporated into thin air. behind you." A cold voice rang in his ear like a ghost. The blonde youth felt a chill run down his spine as an extreme sense of crisis surged from the bottom of his heart. Without a second thought, he turned to defend himself. However, it was too late. A hand had been gently placed on his shoulder without him even noticing. The palm looked ordinary, yet it seemed to contain the power of a mountain, rendering him unable to move. Immediately afterwards, the blonde youth felt a chill on his neck. Two icy fingers were already clamping down like iron clamps. She gently pinched his neck. H. The blonde youth felt his breath catch in his throat as if all the strength in his body had been drained away. He could clearly feel that as soon as the other person applied a little force with their fingers. Your neck will break as easily as a dry twig. Fear. An unprecedented fear instantly overwhelmed all his reason and arrogance. Meanwhile, the other four young people encountered the same situation. Lan Yu's figure moved among them like a ghost. Each time it appears, two fingers will precisely and gently pinch a person's neck. It took no more than two seconds. Just moments ago, the five geniuses from the Kelster family were arrogant and boastful, threatening to break Lanus legs. At this moment, they looked like five little chicks with their necks pinched. Lanu easily lifted her into the air, and she couldn't even put up a fight. The entire room fell into a deathly silence. Ingu stared blankly at the scene, her mouth agape, unsure of what expression to wear. She knew Lan Yu was strong, but she didn't expect him to be this strong. Those were five geniuses with an average strength of five stars or above. And the blonde youth who led them was even a six-star powerhouse. As a result, he didn't even have the right to fight back in front of Lanu and was easily crushed by two fingers. Lanu only used two fingers not to show off. He was actually somewhat helpless. After advancing to the seventh star and upgrading King's body to the intermediate level, he wasn't yet entirely at ease with controlling his physical strength. He was genuinely afraid that he might lose control and accidentally kill these guys with a single punch. After all, he had promised to help Highland. So, he couldn't just wipe out the entire younger generation of the family right away, could he? Now, can you call your manager out here? Lanu asked coldly, carrying the five people in his hands as if they were five strings of garbage. Just then, a furious roar came from deep within the archway. You scoundrel. How dare you commit violence in front of the Kelster family's gates. Release my son at once. With a roar, two incredibly powerful auras soared into the sky, and two figures appeared in the arena with lightning speed. They were two middle-aged men whose faces bore a resemblance to the blonde youth. The aura emanating from them had clearly reached the level of a seven-star lord. When they saw their precious son being held like a chick in someone's hand, their eyes widened in fury and a murderous intent surged within them. "Father, save me!" The blonde youth shouted with all his might when he saw his savior arrive. One of the middle-aged men didn't give Lanu any chance to explain. With a roar, he raised his hand and unleashed a devastating shadow technique, hurtling towards Lan Yu. Court death. Another middle-aged man also made a move at the same time. The two joined forces, determined to kill this madman who dared to run wild at the Kelster family's doorstep on the spot. Seeing this familiar plot, Lanu sighed inwardly. Sure enough, after the younger one was beaten, the older one showed up. This tactic really hasn't changed in ages. Faced with the furious attack from the two sevenstar lords, Lan Yus eyes remained unmoved. He didn't even let go of the five young men he was holding. He simply waved his other free hand forward casually. There were no shadowy aura fluctuations, no dazzling special effects. It was as if they were just shoeing away an annoying fly. However, it was this seemingly casual wave that those two powerful attacks were enough to make even Jean, the city lord of Iron Wall City, feel troubled. In midair, it seemed to have encountered its nemesis, instantly freezing and then shattering into countless points of light that vanished without a trace. Chapter 354. Just who is this guy? What? The anger on the faces of the two middle-aged men who had stormed out so aggressively was instantly replaced by horror. Their eyes widened in disbelief at what they were seeing. Their combined all-out attack was actually neutralized by a casual wave of the hand. How is this possible? What kind of monster is this? They could sense that Lan Yu's aura was only at the peak of the seventh star level, putting him at the same level as them. But why is the gap in strength so ridiculously large? Lyus voice remained icy. He looked at the two sevenstar lords who were still frozen in place. A hint of impatience flashing in his eyes. I told you to bring out your managers. It seems you two aren't qualified. These words completely ignited the anger of the two middle-aged men. After the initial shock, an overwhelming sense of humiliation welled up inside me. As elders of the Kelster family and powerful Sevenstar Lords, when have they ever been treated with such contempt? Arrogant. No matter how strong you are, you won't leave the Kelster family alive today. The two looked at each other and saw a resolute determination in each other's eyes. Their aura surged once more. This time, they were ready to unleash their most desperate trump card. However, just as they were preparing to launch another attack, regardless of the consequences, an old and majestic roar like a thunderclap exploded from the depths of the valley. Stop it, all of you. With this angry shout, an aura far more powerful and vast than that of the two middle-aged men enveloped the entire area. Upon hearing this voice, the two middle-aged men, who had been exuding murderous intent, suddenly his expression changed instantly, and his aura deflated like a punctured balloon. An elderly man, still robust in build, and with a head of white hair meticulously combed, slowly walked out from the archway. He wore a simple gray robe and his face was etched with the lines of time. But those eyes remained sharp as an eagle's exuding an imposing aura without anger. Second elder. Upon seeing the newcomers, the two middle-aged men along with the five young men being carried by Lanu were they all gasped in shock, their expressions filled with awe. This second elder clearly holds a very high position and prestige within the family. The second elder ignored them and immediately focused his gaze on Lanu. His sharp eyes scanned Lan Yu from head to toe as if trying to confirm something when his gaze swept over Lan Yu's calm and indifferent face and his signature blue hair. His pupils contracted almost imperceptibly and a deep shock flashed in the depths of his eyes. When the two middle-aged men saw the second elder arrive, they seemed to have found their pillar of support and immediately began to falsely accuse him. Second elder, you've come at the perfect time. This madman appeared out of nowhere. Not only did they injure the younger generation of our family, but they also made outrageous remarks. They completely disregard the Kelster family. You must stand up for us. That's right. This scoundrel must be severely punished to serve as a warning to others. They exaggerated Lan Yu's crimes in an attempt to get the second elder to take action and suppress this powerful enemy of unknown origin. However, the second elers's next move surprised everyone. After listening to their accusations, he not only did not get angry, but turned around, his face so gloomy it looked like it was about to drip water. Make the decision. Punish severely. The second elers's voice was icy cold. I think the ones who deserve the most severe punishment are you two blind fools. Before he could finish speaking, slap, slap. Two crisp, loud slaps echoed throughout the entire valley. The second elder moved with the speed of a ghost, appearing instantly in front of the two middle-aged men. With a swift, powerful slap, each of them landed a resounding blow to their faces. The force was so great that it sent the two Sevenstar Lord Level experts spinning 360° on the spot. They flew backwards like two spinning tops for more than 10 m before finally crashing to the ground in a sorry state. Half of his face was swollen and blood was spilling from the corner of his mouth. The entire venue fell into a deathly silence. Everyone was stunned by this sudden turn of events. The two middle-aged men, stunned by the beating, covered their burning faces and stared at the second elder in disbelief. Second elder, why? Why did you hit us? The blonde youth being held in Lan Yus arms was also dumbfounded. Grandpa, even Ingu, who was standing to the side, looked completely astonished. Only Lanu stopped what he was doing when he saw this. It seems we finally found someone who understands. The second elder ignored the two idiots questions. After dealing with them, he quickly walked up to Lanu. Then, under everyone's gazes as if they had seen a ghost. This is the second elder who holds a high position and wields immense power within the Kelster family. He actually bowed respectfully to Lanu, performing a deep 90° salute. I have failed in my duty of discipline, and these fools in my family have offended you. Please forgive me. His voice was filled with apology and trepidation. This scene completely stunned the two middle-aged men and the five young people. They couldn't understand why even the second elder was so respectful to this young man. They even went so far as to lower themselves and apologize. Just who is this guy? The second elder slowly straightened up, raised his head, and cautiously asked in a tone tinged with probing and reverence. If I am not mistaken, you must be Mr. Lanu from the Lawn family, right? The Lawn family. Wu. When the two words came out of the second elers's mouth, the two middle-aged men were as if struck by lightning. My body jolted violently and the swelling and pain on my face seemed to vanish in an instant. Instead, there was boundless fear and regret. They finally realized what kind of being they had provoked. The Lawn family that is a colossal entity that stands at the pinnacle of the human world. top tier family with a demagod level ancestor and a constant stream of nine-star pillar level experts, let alone the already fallen Kelster family. Even at their peak, Kelster would have to think twice before facing the Lawn family. They didn't immediately recognize the name Lanu. However, anyone with even a slight understanding of the highle forces in the human world today would absolutely not have never heard of them. one of the most dazzling and unparalleled twin stars of the Lawn family in contemporary times. That genius who caused a celestial phenomenon at birth and was hailed as the most likely to step into the realm of demigods within a hundred years. His sister Luwang was even hailed as a ruthless killing god. At a young age, he was already a ninestar pillar level powerhouse. He once single-handedly defeated the shadow realm king and survived. His achievements were outstanding and his reputation was renowned. Chapter 355. The forest of the three sacred trees. They they actually tried to attack such a powerful figure. They even threatened to break his legs. Thinking of this, the two middle-aged men and the five young men. I felt a chill run from the soles of my feet straight to the top of my head, and my whole body was soaked in icy sweat. It's over. This is completely over. They had no doubt that with just a word from this man, the entire Kelster family could be at his disposal. Tomorrow, it will be completely wiped off this world. Thump. Two middle-aged men who have figured out the stakes involved. No longer caring about the pain and dignity on his face, he scrambled to his knees and frantically cow out to Lu, begging for mercy. Lord Lan, Lord Lu, we were blind to your greatness. We were incredibly audacious. Please have mercy on us this time. We dare not do it again. Please, for the sake of the fact that our family still has some connection with Lord Blue Frost, spare our lives. They wept bitterly, filled with remorse. Lanu looked at the group of people whose attitudes had changed 180° and couldn't help but find it amusing. He released his grip, throwing the five terrified young men to the ground, and then looked at the second elder. You're a bit smarter than them. Upon hearing this, the second elder gave a rise smile and bowed even lower. I'm sorry to have made such a fool of myself, Mr. Lu. It's because we haven't managed our households properly that we've raised such an arrogant and ignorant fool. He felt a wave of fear wash over him. Luckily, he had sensed something a miss outside the valley and rushed out in time. Otherwise, if those two idiots really make a big fuss, if this young master of the Lawn family is thoroughly angered, then the Kelster family will truly be doomed. He knew all too well that for a behemoth like the Lawn family, crushing them would be easier than crushing an ant. Lana was too lazy to bother with these minor characters anymore. He waved his hand and got straight to the point. All right, enough nonsense. Take me to see your family head. I have something to discuss with her. Yes. Yes, Mr. Lu, please. The second elder, feeling as if granted a pardon, quickly led the way and respectfully invited Lan Yu into the depths of the valley. Led by the second elder, Lonu walked through several quiet corridors and finally arrived at an ancient and magnificent hall. Inside the hall, there was a man dressed in a black robe. A woman wearing a cold silver mask sat quietly in the main seat. Although she was sitting, the powerful aura emanating from her, befitting a peak eight star expert, was still impossible to ignore. Presumably, she is the current head of the Kelster family. Master Mr. Lanu of the Lawn family has arrived. The second elder walked to the front of the hall and respectfully reported. The patriarch beneath the mask slowly raised his head, revealing his eyes through the holes in the mask. It landed calmly on Lanu with a hint of scrutiny, "Mr. Lu, what brings you here?" Her voice was cold and devoid of any emotion. Lu looked at her and without wasting any words, said directly, "I am here on the orders of your first patriarch, Hillen Kelster." Upon hearing the name Hillren Kelster, both the patriarch and the second elder experienced a barely perceptible tremor. The patriarch's tone carried a hint of doubt. The first patriarch, she has been gone for 10,000 years. What makes you say this, Mr. Lu? Lu knew that without evidence, the other party would not easily believe him. Fortunately, before they parted, Helen had already taught him how to prove his identity. Lu stretched out his right hand, a thought forming in his mind. The next second, strands of black silk, thinner than a strand of hair, appeared. It appeared out of thin air from his fingertips and then seemed to come alive. They intertwine, weave, and outline rapidly in midair. The movement of each thread was filled with an indescribable rhythm and beauty. It was not simply about manipulating energy, but about weaving the most beautiful melody. In just a few seconds, a sheet made of countless black threads appeared. The intricate and exquisite three-dimensional rune array quietly took shape and floated silently in midair. This is the most original and orthodox technique of shadow manipulation taught by Hillen to the Kelster family. Its precision and complexity far surpass any other film technique currently in use. I saw that three-dimensional rune array. The second elers's pupils suddenly shrank to the size of pinpoints, and his face showed an even more horrified expression than when he had seen Lanu's identity. This This is myriad shadows. It's a secret technique from the first generation recorded in our family's ancient books that has been lost for over a hundred years. The second elers's voice trembled with extreme excitement. What our family uses now are all incomplete imitations based on descriptions in ancient books. How how could he possibly possess the complete myriad shadows technique? The head of the family who was in the main seat also suddenly stood up from his seat. That cold mask could no longer conceal the turmoil within her heart. She stared intently at the rune array diagram, her body trembling slightly. As the head of the family, she understood the significance of this secret technique better than anyone else. This is not only a lost family secret technique, but also something that can only be recognized by the first head of the family. Only the true heir can possess this proof. You You really met the first patriarch? The patriarch's voice trembled with disbelief. Lanu withdrew his shadow technique and nodded calmly. "Now, can you trust me?" The head of the family took a deep breath, forcibly suppressing the shock in her heart. She sat back down and remained silent for a long time before slowly speaking. "I believe you." Because in the secrets passed down through generations of the family, the first patriarch did indeed leave behind a prophecy. The prophecy says that the family will face a crisis of extinction in the distant future. At that time, a person from the future will come with her token to help us resolve this crisis. Now, it seems that the prophecy was true. At this point, her tone became somewhat somber and helpless. To be honest, Mr. Lanu, the Kelster family, is indeed in a very bad situation right now. Our family's most important heirloom was lost a year ago during a surprise attack by the army of the gluttonous king. We were unable to evacuate in time, and it was left in a dangerous place at the border. That place is called the forest of the three sacred trees. Upon hearing this, Wanu understood. It seems this is the crisis of annihilation that Hiren prophesied. Without the heirloom, the family lineage naturally ends. I understand. Lu looked at the fifth elder and said calmly. Take me to that place and I will help you get the things back. Chapter 356. Shadow soul stone. Early the next morning, Lanu set off for the forest of the three sacred trees. Accompanying them were Shadow Moon, 10 of the family's strongest elites, and seven elders. Besides Inua, several other young geniuses from various families also went along. To be honest, Lanu didn't understand this action at first. Inua is all right, but the other family geniuses aren't particularly strong. Most of them are still only four-star actors. Such strength will most likely be a hindrance. The patriarch explained that the lost heirloom had activated its self-p protection mechanism. It is currently sealed. No one can take it without breaking the seal. Breaking the seal requires the pure bloodline of a genius among the younger generation of the family. That's why we brought them along. In addition, according to the head of the family, the forest of the three sacred trees is an extremely peculiar and dangerous place at the border. That forest was not formed naturally, but rather by three trees that have existed since ancient times. It is formed by the intertwined roots of an unimaginably huge tree that reaches the sky. The interior of the forest has a complex and intricate structure resembling a giant natural maze. It is also shrouded in a strange black mist that can block out perception year round. Without special guidance, even a Ninstar expert could not enter. They can easily lose their way and eventually get trapped inside. Fortunately, the Kelster family possessed a secret technique passed down through generations. By sensing one's bloodline, one can roughly determine the location of that inherited artifact in the forest. However, when the group arrived at the outskirts of the forest of the three sacred trees in a grand procession, the scene before them caused everyone's faces to darken. All that could be seen was the vast forest shrouded in thick black fog. They had set up numerous outposts and camps and countless ShadowClan soldiers wearing the standard armor of the gluttonous king. They are patrolling everywhere, completely sealing off the perimeter of the forest, making it impassible. Damn it. This place has been occupied by the gluttonous kings men. The second elder looked at the heavily guarded defense line, his face extremely grim. The fifth elder, his masked face turned to Lu, his tone tinged with seriousness. Mr. Lu, it seems the situation is more complicated than we thought. The gluttonous king's men have clearly also discovered the special nature of this forest and have made it an important stronghold. If we want to get in, we'll probably have to fight a fierce battle. Force your way in? Lanu glanced at the densely packed ShadowClan army, among which were many powerful individuals with the aura of six-star and seven-star experts. Even deep in the forest, he could vaguely sense the pressure of an eight-star Grand Lord. If he forces his way in, even with his strength, he will likely find himself in endless trouble. Just as the members of the Kelster family were frowning and racking their brains for a solution, Lanu turned his gaze to a patrolling ShadowClan squad in the distance, as if he had thought of something. I have an idea. Half an hour later, in a secluded mountain valley far from the forest, a patrol of 10 ShadowClan soldiers was conducting a routine patrol, seemingly bored. This is  boring. This godforsaken place is so deserted, you can't even see a living creature. What's the point of making us patrol here everyday? One of the ShadowClan soldiers couldn't help but complain. His companion yawned and chimed in. Who says otherwise? I heard that Lord Thunderfong suffered a great loss in Spirit Surge Valley recently and was in a bad mood, so he sent us, his men, to this wretched place to suffer. Shill, keep your voice down. Do you want to die? How dare you criticize the great lord? the Shadow Clan member, who looked like the captain, glared at them. The group immediately shrank back, not daring to say another word. Just then, an unfamiliar voice suddenly rang out behind them. You all seem to be having a good chat. The patrol members were startled and turned around abruptly. Then they saw that without them noticing, a group of people had silently appeared behind them and surrounded them. The one leading the group was the blue-haired youth. You are? The captain was shocked and was about to warn them. However, it was too late. Lan Yus figure flashed and instantly appeared in front of him, delivering a clean and decisive chop to the back of his neck. The captain, whose strength reached the sixth star, didn't even utter a sound before his eyes rolled back, and he fainted. The other ShadowClan soldiers were also swiftly subdued by the Kelster family's thunderous attack. The whole process took less than half a minute, was clean and efficient, and did not cause any disturbance. The ShadowClan soldiers bound like dumplings, and then looked at Lan Yu with some confusion. Mr. Lan Yu, what's going on here? Lanu smiled, offered no explanation, and simply took out a bunch of bottles and jars from his storage space. Then he said to everyone, "Change their clothes." Although everyone was puzzled, they still did as instructed. Soon, the group changed into the armor of the ShadowClan soldiers. Then, Lana took out some potions that emitted a strange smell. They were instructed to apply the substance to their bodies and a peculiar secret technique was used to alter the human aura emanating from them. After doing all this, Lanu nodded in satisfaction are indistinguishable from real shadow clan soldiers in both appearance and aura. Let's go in openly now, Lanu said. The elders and others then realized what Lanu's plan was. Disguised infiltration. This is indeed the safest and only feasible method at present. Their gazes toward Lan Yu held an even greater sense of admiration. This prodigy of the Lawn family is not only unfathomably strong, but also incredibly meticulous in his thinking, which is truly astonishing. After tidying up their clothes, the group swaggered towards the entrance checkpoint of the forest. Along the way, they encountered several groups of patrolling ShadowClan soldiers, but the other side noticed the familiar standard armor they were wearing. Neither of them suspected anything. They simply exchanged a casual greeting and passed by. The plan is proceeding exceptionally smoothly. With the entrance to the forest shrouded in black mist right before them, the members of the Kelster family secretly breathed a sigh of relief. However, just as they were about to pass the final checkpoint, a loud, clear shout suddenly came from the side. Halt! Which squad are you from? Come over here for inspection. Everyone's heart skipped a beat and they stopped in their tracks. A shadow clan officer dressed in light silver armor and appearing to be a minor leader was seen. He approached with a squad of guards. His expression unfriendly. His sharp gaze swept back and forth over Lon Yu and the others. His eyes filled with vigilance and suspicion. Lord Rya has ordered that there may be spies infiltrating the forest recently, and all personnel entering or leaving the forest must be monitored. Everyone must undergo inspection by the shadow soul stone," the ShadowClan officer said coldly. As he spoke, he pulled a jet black stone from his pocket, which emitted an eerie aura. "Shadow soul stone." Upon seeing the stone, the patriarch and the second elders expressions instantly turned somewhat grim. They knew that this item was a treasure used by the gluttonous king's lineage to verify identities. It allows one to perceive the very essence of a being's soul. Their disguises could fool ordinary soldiers, but they could never fool the shadow soul stone as detection. This is troublesome. Just as everyone's hearts tightened, and they secretly prepared to take action at any moment. Lanu remained calm. He manipulated the puppet Black Rock beside him, took a step forward, and said in a horse voice, "Sir, we are from the 17th patrol team. We just returned from a mission. Please check on my comrade first. He was slightly injured and is a bit disoriented. He needs to be taken in for treatment as soon as possible. He deliberately had Black Rockck play the role of a wounded soldier in order to attract the other party's attention. The officer glanced suspiciously at Black Rockck, who was burly, but whose breathing was somewhat disordered, and nodded without giving it much thought. Bring it here. The shadow soul stone in his hand at Black Rock. As he infused his shadow energy, a faint black light emanated from the shadow soul stone, enveloping Black Rock's entire body. The officer stared intently at the shadow soul stone, awaiting the results of the investigation. Now he silently recited it to himself. Divine authority explodes. The next second, something unexpected happened. Chapter 357. Forking the road. Just as the ShadowClan officer aimed the Shadow Soul Stone at the puppet Black Rock. The Shadow Soul Stone in his hand suddenly trembled violently, and the black light emanating from it became extremely unstable, flickering wildly. H what's going on? The officer frowned, sensing that something was a miss. The shadow soul stone in his hand detected the soul of not a single being. Instead, it was a ball of energy, extremely violent and expanding wildly. The feeling was like a sun about to explode. Oh no, this is a trap. The moment the thought crossed the officer's mind, an indescribable destructive force surged forth. Then it burst forth from the puppet in front of him. Boom! A deafening roar echoed throughout the outer perimeter of the three sacred trees forest. Before infiltrating in disguise, Lanu had already used the divine authority burst ability. He transformed his puppet black rock into a powerful theocratic bomb. The energy contained within a seven-star level puppet is immense. At this moment, under lawn use detonation, the explosive power generated has far exceeded that of an ordinary eight-star experts full force attack. Centered on the explosion point, a huge dark red mushroom cloud shot into the sky. The terrifying shock wave, like a devastating tsunami, spread wildly in all directions. Shadowclan officer and his personal guards were the first to be hit. Before he could even utter a scream, he was instantly vaporized at the center of the explosion, leaving no trace of his body. The surrounding camps, outposts, and hundreds of ShadowClan soldiers were also torn to shreds in this sudden and terrifying explosion. The entire entrance to the forest was instantly transformed into a sea of fire and ruins. Now, charge. At the very moment the explosion occurred, Lu had already gathered the rest of the Kelster family. Taking advantage of the devastating aftershocks, it shot into the forest, shrouded in black mist, like an arrow released from a bow. By the time the ShadowClan army behind them recovered from the shock of the explosion, when they sent men to pursue them, Lan Yu and his group had already disappeared into the depths of the black mist and were nowhere to be seen. Entering the forest of the three sacred trees, everyone immediately sensed a dramatic change in their surroundings. The thick black fog not only severely obstructed visibility but also possessed a peculiar power. It constantly interferes with their perception, making it difficult for them to discern directions. The ground beneath our feet was formed by the intertwining roots of huge trees, undulating and uneven. The surrounding passages were winding and labyrinthan like a giant maze. Quick over here, the second elder took out an ancient compass. After the compass needle trembled slightly, it pointed in one of the directions. This is a secret technique of the Kelster family which allows them to sense the approximate location of inherited items. Led by the second elder, the group quickly traversed the maze-like forest. However, after advancing for about 15 minutes, the compass in the second elers's hands suddenly malfunctioned. The compass needles suddenly split into two, each pointing in a different direction at the fork in the road ahead. How could this be? The second elder looked at the compass, a puzzled expression on his face. The secret techniques guidance has shown two directions. The fifth elder pondered for a moment and said, "Perhaps the special environment of this forest is interfering with the sensing of the secret technique. It is also possible that the heirloom was divided into two parts and lost in different places. So what do we do now?" an elder asked. The fifth elder glanced at Lan Yu and finally made a decision. Let's split up. Second elder, you and third elder take the family's geniuses and elites to the left. The remaining elders, Mr. Lan Yu and Ingu will go to the right. This is more efficient. No matter which side finds it first, they can contact the other side using the communication talisman. As he spoke, an elder from the other team, the third elder took out a jade talisman engraved with runes from his pocket and handed it to Lanu. Mr. Lanu. This is a communication talisman specially made by our family. In this border area, technological devices such as cell phones have no signal and people can only communicate using this primitive method. If anything happens, you can use it to notify us. Lanu took the communication talisman and nodded. The two groups then parted ways at the fork in the road, each heading in a different direction. Lan Yu, Ingu, the fifth elder, and the others continued walking through the passage on the right for about an hour. The further you go, the thicker the black fog becomes, and the air is filled with a decaying and dangerous aura. Just then, Lanu, who was walking at the front, suddenly stopped. "What's wrong, Mr. Lu?" the fifth elder asked in confusion. "Lus gaze fell on a huge, seemingly ordinary ancient tree not far ahead." "There's ahead," he said casually. He had barely finished speaking. "Shu, the trunk of the ancient tree suddenly began to wrigle as if it were alive. A huge and hideous human face slowly emerged on the tree bark. Immediately afterwards, countless thick vines and tree roots burst forth from the ground, sweeping towards the crowd like wildly dancing pythons. It's a tree spirit. Be careful. Judging from its aura, its strength has probably reached the peak of the seventh star. The fifth elers's expression changed, and he loudly reminded him. The members of the Kelster family immediately took up their battle formation, ready to meet the enemy. This tree's spirits body is connected to the roots of this forest, making it extremely resilient and difficult to deal with. We must find its core before we can kill it completely." The fifth elder analyzed the battle situation while fending off the vines attacks. The fifth elder also said in a deep voice, "A few of us will hold it back while the rest of us will look for an opportunity to attack its face on the tree trunk. That should be its weak point." The group immediately accepted the order and a tough battle seemed inevitable. However, while they were still nervously discussing tactics already made a move, he looked at the enormous, menacing tree spirit, a hint of impatience on his face. It's so noisy. He simply raised his right hand and a wisp of black flame quietly ignited at his fingertips. Azjura's flame. The next second, he flicked his finger. The wisp of black flame transformed into a streak of light, instantly striking the tree's spirits massive body. There was no earthshattering explosion, nor any raging flames. The moment the black flames touched the tree spirit, they spread rapidly like maggots clinging to its bones. H. The tree spirit at the peak of the seven stars realm let out a mournful silent whale. Its body was disintegrated and annihilated at a visible speed within those eerie black flames. Chapter 368. The Cocoon of Binding the Void. It was completely erased from existence. It took less than three seconds in total. The powerful tree spirit, which was considered extremely difficult to deal with by the fifth elder and the others, was completely reduced to ashes and disappeared into the air. The Kelster family members are still struggling to resist the vine attacks. They all stared blankly at the scene, their hands frozen in place. Is that the end? While everyone was still reeling from the shock of Lan Yu's incredible strength, a faint, almost imperceptible sound suddenly rang out in the air. An invisible slash imbued with deadly intent shot out from an unknown source. At an extremely tricky angle, it aimed straight for Lanu's back. However, this was a deadly sneak attack that could instantly kill any sevenstar expert. However, it had already been exposed by Lan Yu's six senses, which covered a range of 1 km. The mantis stalks the cicada. Lanu didn't even turn around. He simply threw a punch at the empty air behind him. Boom. A muffled thud. That invisible slash was directly shattered by Lan Yu's fist wind. Not only that, the violent force of the punch remained unddeinished, slamming hard into a patch of black mist not far away. Puff. A muffled thud of blood spurting out rang out and a black figure fell out of the black mist in a disheveled state. half of his arm completely shattered by the force of the punch. He was a slender ShadowClan assassin looking at his empty right arm. His face was filled with shock and disbelief. He couldn't understand why his concealment and ambush were so easily seen through by the other party. It can even severely injure yourself from a distance. However, Lu wouldn't give him time to think. The oral is unaware of the mantis behind. A cold voice rang out and Lan Yu's figure aided by instant shadow flash appeared like a ghost in front of the assassin. The sword of Hegny is drawn. A dark sword light flashed. The ShadowClan assassin, a sevenstar level assassin, was cut in two at the waist before he could even let out a scream. After doing all this, Lanu did not stop. Dozens of jet black Dark Moon dragon blades instantly appeared around him. Then, like a torrential rain, it shot towards different corners of the surrounding black mist. Oh. Accompanied by muffled groans and screams, a dozen black figures appeared. Forced out of their hiding place by the dark moon dragon blade. They were all wounded and in a sorry state. They were the assassin's accompllices originally planning to ambush him, but unexpectedly, Lyu wiped them all out. The three leaders possessed powerful auras and were clearly all sevenstar lord level experts. However, at this moment, they looked at the blue-haired youth with an indifferent expression, who seemed like a god of death. Their eyes were filled with apprehension and fear, and no one dared to step forward first. Just then, the communication talisman in Lanu's arms suddenly lit up. The third elers's anxious and confused voice came through the communication talisman, accompanied by the sounds of fierce battle in the background. It's bad. We've been ambushed. It's the gluttonous king's men. Many people have died here. While listening to the communication, Lanu swept his cold gaze over the group of kings subordinates he had forced out. He replied casually. We encountered the same thing here. The third elder on the other end of the communication was clearly taken aback. What? You guys ran into them too. How could they be so fast? How could they have located us so precisely? He seemed to have thought of something and his tone became extremely serious. Mr. Lu, be careful. The passages in this forest are intricate and complex. I suspect that the kings men were able to catch up with us so quickly. Before the third elder could finish speaking, Lanu interrupted. You suspect there's a traitor among us, right? The third elder on the other end of the communication channel fell silent, clearly not expecting that Lanu had the same idea as him. But at that moment, another change occurred. A faint, almost imperceptible white mist began to spread around Lan Yu at some point. As the fog appeared, Lanu suddenly felt as if his body was being crushed by 10,000 mountains. It became incredibly heavy, making it extremely difficult to even move a single finger. Space confinement. This is an extremely profound spatial technique. Boom! At the same time, a loud explosion suddenly came from behind him. Immediately following was the fifth elders's roar, filled with shock and rage. Fourth brother, sixth brother, what are you doing? Lanu turned his head with difficulty and saw that the back of their group was already in complete chaos. The usually tacitan sixth elder was now holding a bloodstained dagger. At his feet lay a lifeless elite member of the Kelster family. Meanwhile, the other elder whose strength also reached the seventh star formed a hand seal. He was chanting incantations. He was the one who cast the spell that imprisoned the mist in the white space. He had his sights firmly set on Lanu. The fifth elder, who had been seriously injured by the sixth elder's sneak attack, clutched his abdominal wound and looked at his two colleagues in disbelief. You You're betraying your family. He roared, his voice filled with grief and indignation. The man known as the fourth elder revealed a sinister smile. He glanced at the fifth elder, his tone filled with disdain. Betrayal of the family? Not really. We just couldn't stand that old woman sitting in the position of family head any longer. She's been in that position for centuries. It's time for a change. Upon hearing this, the fifth elder's pupils constricted sharply. As if he had realized something, he pointed at the fourth elder and shouted sternly. Two years ago, during the transport of the lost artifact, the people responsible for guarding it were your men. So, so you started planning this 2 years ago. Faced with the fifth elers's accusations, the fourth elder gave a cold laugh, neither confirming nor denying. He ignored the fifth elder and instead turned his gaze to the king's men who were eyeing him menacingly not far away. I've already trapped this guy with the mythical relic, the cocoon of binding. "Hurry up and kill that girl!" he pointed at Inua, who was being protected by the other elders, his eyes flashing with greed and ruthlessness. The young geniuses of those families on the other side have all been killed. Now only that girl from the collateral branch of the family is left. As long as we kill the last one who is to be sacrificed, no one will be able to take away the heirloom. When the time comes, we just need to wait for the family seal on the heirloom to disappear on its own, and it will be ours. As agreed, once the matter is accomplished, we will give you half of the inherited item." Upon hearing this, the leader of the king's subordinates nodded. "No problem." Upon receiving an affirmative reply, the lord waved his hand and immediately led his men away. Bypassing the trap Lu, they rushed towards Ingu and the others. Don't even think about it. Furious at the sight. Chapter 359. The battle ended quickly. He knew that once Shadow Moon, who was to be sacrificed, was killed, the operation to reclaim the legacy would be a complete failure. In desperation, he roared and without hesitation burned his own life essence, unleashing the shadow energy throughout his body. Boom! A violent burst of energy exploded outwards from him, creating a brief shock wave that temporarily halted the advance of the kings men. Go protecting W and get her away. The fifth elder shouted with his last ounce of strength to the remaining loyal family members. Then taking advantage of the cover of the explosion, he led Ingu and the others to quickly escape into the depths of the forest. As the smoke from the explosion cleared, the king's men seeing the fleeing crowd immediately gave chase. The fourth elder looked at them and said coldly, "Go ahead, leave this to me." The kings men nodded and immediately gave chase in the direction in which the fifth elder and the others had fled. After everyone had left, the fourth elder finally turned his full attention back to the matter. The focus shifted back to the blue-haired youth shrouded in white mist before them. He knew that the person in front of him was the biggest threat. Although he was confident in the spatial barrier, he created using the mythical relic, the cocoon of binding the void. Even an eight-star expert trapped here would not be able to break free easily. However, this barrier also consumes a tremendous amount of his own energy. Every second it is maintained consumes his life force and lifespan. But in order to hold off this unfathomably powerful monster in front of them, he had to do this to ensure the plan would go perfectly. Kid, don't waste your energy. The fourth elder looked at Lan Yu, who seemed to be struggling in the mist, and a smug smile of victory appeared on his face. Within this cocoon of binding space, I control the laws of space. There is no way you can escape. To prevent Lanu from having any hidden cards, the cautious Lu even went so far as to increase the consumption of his own essence. Further solidify the spatial barrier, completely locking down the space in that area. He wanted to turn Lan Yu into a completely immobile statue. And within the barrier, Lan Yu did indeed sense the extraordinary nature of this spatial confinement. The power it contains does indeed carry a hint of spatial authority. Although it is very weak, its essence is extremely high. If it were any other sevenstar powerhouse, they would probably have been defeated here. But use spatial authority to deal with him. Lana wore a strange smile. This is somewhat like showing off one's limited skills before an expert. The next second, to the astonishment of the fourth elder, a feather emitting a soft white light appeared in Lan Yus hand without him noticing. That was the treasure lawn you obtained from the incarnation of the eternal night king, the wing of the sky, which contained the authority of space. The moment the feather of the sky appeared, the fourth elder immediately noticed it on that feather. He sensed a spatial authority aura that was even purer and more powerful than the mythical relic in his hand, the cocoon of binding the void. That aura was ancient and vast, as if it were the origin of the laws of space. An extremely ominous premonition instantly surged into his heart. This This is Before he could even recover from the shock, Lanu simply waved the white feather in his hand lightly. Whoosh! The white misty space created by the cocoon of binding that tightly imprisoned Lanu. Like a punctured balloon, it vanished in an instant. Lanu seemed to disregard all spatial constraints, strolling leisurely out of that area. Not a single drop of mist touched his body. How? How is this possible? The fourth elder stared blankly at the scene before him. His confidence and sneer completely frozen into boundless fear. The ultimate trump card that I risked my life to play was just broken like that. Before he could recover from the shock that had shattered his worldview, Lan Yus figure appeared in front of him as if by teleportation. At the same time, Lan Yus fist, enveloped in an aura of destruction, also arrived. No. Seeing the fist rapidly enlarging in his pupils, the fourth elder let out a desperate roar, he wanted to hide, to defend himself, to do something. But faced with Lonu's extreme speed. All his reactions seemed so pale and powerless. His body seemed to be completely locked by an invisible force, making it impossible for him to even move a finger. He could only watch helplessly as the fist carrying the aura of death slammed into his chest. Bang! A deafeningly loud bang. The fourth elers's body exploded instantly like a watermelon being hit head-on by a speeding truck. Flesh, bones, and internal organs mixed together, turning into a cloud of blood mist that dissipated into the air. His soul, along with his body, was completely annihilated by that punch. Sold out instantly. Another sevenstar lord was cleanly and decisively killed by Lan Yu with a single punch. Having dealt with the traitor, Lanu glanced at the cocoon of binding the void on the ground, which had become dull and lifeless due to its master's death. I casually put it into my storage space. Although this item is of little use to him, it is still a mythical relic. It would be good to take it back and sell it for money or exchange it for contribution points for the guild. After doing all this, he turned his gaze to the direction in which the fifth elder and Inua had fled. A cold glint flashed in his eyes. With a thought, another white feather, the boundary-breaking feather, appeared in his hand. Teleportation. On the other side, the fifth elder was leading Ing and the remaining family members in a frantic escape through the forest. His injuries were extremely severe, and burning his source energy only made things worse. At this moment, he was only holding on by sheer willpower. However, the pursuers behind them were like maggots clinging to their bones, relentlessly pursuing them. Elder, you go first. We'll cover the rear. A loyal family member looked at the approaching pursuers with a resolute glint in his eyes. Nonsense. If we're going to leave, we'll leave together. The fifth elder roared. But they all knew that if things continued like this, they would eventually be caught up and wiped out. Just then, a dark figure moved with incredible speed, overtaking the fifth elder and appearing instantly behind Inga. It was none other than the leading sevenstar monarch lord. A cruel smile played on his face as his sharp claws mercilessly clawed at Inging Ingu's back. Watch out, Shadow Moon. The fifth elder and the others were furious, but it was too late to help. Shadow Moon sensed the deadly danger behind her, and a hint of despair flashed in her eyes. However, just a moment before the claws were about to touch her. Whoosh! opened up in front of Ingua without warning. Immediately afterwards, a jet black/ flashed through the crack. Chapter 360. It doesn't matter to me who becomes the head of the family. The smile on the face of the sevenst star king Lord froze instantly. His body was neatly split in two and blood and internal organs were sprayed all over the ground. Then Lan Yus figure slowly emerged from the spatial rift. He glanced at Ingua and the fifth elder who were all in shock and then at the pursuers who were equally terrified. It's in the way. He uttered two words calmly. The next second, the corridor of shadows instantly unfolded. The boundless darkness like a tidal wave completely engulfed the entire battlefield. Ah, help. What kind of place is this? The piercing screams echoed in the darkness, but soon fell silent. Less than 10 seconds. When the darkness dissipated, not a single one of the king's men could be seen standing on the battlefield. All that remained were severed limbs and the overwhelming stench of blood. The fifth elder and the others stared blankly at the scene, unable to recover for a long time. Lanu ignored their shock and went straight to the seriously injured man. Standing before the already crumbling fifth elder, he asked with icy eyes, "What's this about the sacrificial offerings?" Upon hearing this question, the fifth elder's body trembled violently. He glanced at Ingue beside him, who also looked puzzled, and a complex and painful expression appeared on his face. He knew that this matter could no longer be kept secret. He sighed and in a weak and horse voice slowly revealed the cruel truth. Our family tradition is different from that of other families. It is not simply power or knowledge but a kind of continuation of life. The patriarch's body has suffered severe damage in his early years resulting in a serious loss of his vital essence. He is already on the verge of exhaustion. The reason she can maintain her peak eight-star strength is entirely due to the support of her inherited items. Once the heirloom is retrieved, in order to ensure the continuation of the family's legacy, an ancient ritual must be performed. This ritual requires a new container that perfectly matches the inherited item to hold the patriarch's soul and power. To put it bluntly, it requires a living person to offer their body as a sacrifice. At this point, he closed his eyes in anguish and shadow moon. No, Shells Morton, she is one of our generation, the only member of the clan detected to be a perfect match for the inherited item. Upon hearing this, Inua's face turned deathly pale, and her body involuntarily took two steps back. Although she had vaguely guessed something before, she still felt dizzy when the truth was so nakedly revealed. I was I just a vessel used to prolong the lives of others. A sacrifice that can be offered at any time. The fifth elder looked at Inu's distraught appearance and a hint of pity flashed in his eyes. But he hardened his heart and said in an almost pleading tone, "Shadow Moon, I know this is very unfair to you, but for the continuation of the family, for the continued glory of Kelster, "You're willing, aren't you?" In trembled slightly when questioned by the elder in the spirit of family loyalty. Lana noticed that her lips moved a few times as if she wanted to say something, but in the end, she didn't say anything. She simply nodded slowly, almost numbly. Um, a syllable so soft it was almost inaudible escaped from her throat. However, Lanu clearly captured the moment she nodded. A barely perceptible hint of hesitation and resentment flashed in her eyes. After the fifth elder was helped to the side by other clansmen to rest, Lanu called out to Ingu, who was about to leave. Are you really willing?" he asked calmly, looking at her. Ing was stiffened. She didn't turn around, but kept her head down, her voice muffled. This is something that can't be helped. To be born a member of the family, and to die a member of the family soul is a concept that I've been instilled with since I was a child. She paused, looked up, and forced a smile that looked more like a grimace. Besides, Blue Team, you came here this time to keep your promise and help our family overcome difficulties and continue our legacy, right? If I cause you trouble because of my own willfulness, then you seem to have misunderstood something, Lanu interrupted her directly. Ina was slightly taken aback. Lanu looked at her and slowly said, "I am here to fulfill the agreement I made with your first patriarch and to ensure the continuation of your family's legacy. However, the agreement only states that it will ensure the continuation of your family's lineage, but it doesn't specify who must be the one to receive the inheritance." Wu said calmly. To me, it makes no difference whether the person who inherits your family's legacy is that old woman, someone else, or you. Lon Yus words were like a boulder crashing into Ingus already chaotic heart and stirring up a thousand waves. The one who will receive this inheritance is me. This was a thought she had never dared to imagine before. She instinctively retorted. But, but the patriarch is a peak eight-star expert. As long as the inheritance is continued, she may very well take this opportunity to step into the ninestar realm. Having her inherit the mantle is the best choice, both for protecting the family and for continuing its glory. These words are the ideas she has been instilled with since childhood. The truth she has always firmly believed in. However, Lu merely chuckled and countered with a question. Is there no way for you to reach the nine-star level? One sentence like a bolt of lightning struck the deepest part of Inua's heart. Can I reach nine stars? Inga was stumped by the question. She had never thought about this question. Her talent is extremely high and her contracted spirit is an SS level starry unicorn. She has enormous potential. After joining the Higenbana Guild, her strength improved by leaps and bounds. She has confidence in herself. given enough time and resources, let alone nine stars. She would dare to venture into the legendary demagod realm. But she glanced at the fifth elder who was healing his wounds not far away and then thought of the current state of the family. The light in her eyes gradually dimmed. The family can't wait that long. She seemed to want to say something more, using those so-called family righteousness to convince herself and Lu. However, Lanu raised his hand and interrupted her. He walked up to her, patted her on the shoulder, and said in a tone of unprecedented seriousness, "We're friends, right?" Inguin nodded blankly. "I, Lu, am not usually one to meddle in other people's business." A rare smile appeared on Lan Yus face, but friends are an exception. So this time, whatever choice you make, I will help you. Chapter 361. Shadowman's decision. After saying that, he said no more. only leaving behind the words, "Think about it carefully before turning and leaving Ingu with space to think for herself." Only Inguay remained, standing there blankly. The surrounding environment became incredibly quiet with only the faint sounds of unknown creatures emanating from the black mist. "Friend," these two words kept echoing in Inu's mind. Her thoughts involuntarily drifted back to the past. From childhood, she was told by everyone that her purpose in life was for the sake of her family. Because she is from a collateral branch of the family. She has to work harder than the people in the main family in order to bring honor to the family. Because of her talent, she has to take on more responsibility in order to repay her family for raising her. It is only natural to sacrifice everything for one's family. That's what she's always done. She worked hard to improve herself and stood out among her peers, becoming the most dazzling one. She ventured out on her own, joining a top tier guild, hoping to one day return home in glory. She would make those who once looked down on her look at her with new eyes. And she would prove herself for the Morton family and for the entire Kelster family. She thought this was her life. Even today, when she learned that she had been nothing more than a carefully prepared sacrifice all along, she was shocked. When the fifth elder, in that matterof fact tone, demanded that she sacrifice her life for the continuation of the family. She then realized that a strong sense of resentment had welled up deep within her. On what grounds? Why should I sacrifice my life for a family that is already corrupt and for a family had I have never met? Why can those useless members of the main family enjoy everything with a clear conscience while I have to become the sacrifice? She knew perfectly well that from the perspective of maximizing family interests. Without a doubt, offering oneself as a sacrifice to allow the patriarch, a peak eight-star cultivator, to prolong his life and attempt to reach nine stars is the best option. But why? Why does her heart ache so much when she thinks like this? Why did she feel an urge to cry when Lanu said, I'll help you? She recalled his question. Don't you have any way to reach the nine stars? Yes. Why can't I be the one to lead my family back to its former glory? Why can't I be the one to receive the inheritance and embark on the path of the nine stars? A selfish yet incredibly tempting thought, like wildly growing vines, instantly entwined her entire heart. I don't know how much time passed. sawing you again. She was already standing outside a makeshift cave, seemingly waiting for him. Her face was still somewhat pale, but her usually calm eyes now held an unprecedented firmness. "Have you made a decision?" Wanu asked. Inua didn't say anything, but silently walked to Lanus side. She lowered her head and spoke softly in a voice so low that even she could barely hear it. "I know it's a very selfish choice." Her voice trembled, filled with struggle and guilt. However, the sound gradually became clearer and louder in the next second. But Ingu suddenly raised her head, her beautiful black eyes fixed on Lanu. Inside burns a flame called desire. I still want to survive. At this moment, she finally broke free from the shackles that had bound her for more than 20 years and shouted out the truest voice of her heart. So this time, her voice held a hint of pleading and hope. Can you help me, blue team? Looking at the girl in front of him who had finally decided to live for herself, Lan Yus face showed a long-lost heartfelt smile. Of course, no problem. A world of mental images, an eternally silent castle. Lanu told the shadow girl, who was sitting quietly on the sofa reading a book, everything that had happened in the real world. After listening to Lan Yus story, Sheiluan remained silent for a long time. A faint trace of sadness was revealed in those pure black eyes. I never imagined that my family, which I was once so proud of, would turn out like this. In order to continue their lineage, they did not hesitate to sacrifice the most talented young girls in their clan. Such a thing was simply unimaginable in her glorious era. So, your idea is to make that girl named Awe the new head of the family. Han looked at the stone golem controlled by Lanu. Lanu nodded. She has the talent and the potential. I believe that a person who is full of longing for life is more suitable to lead a family into the future than an old man who is on his deathbed and only wants to prolong his life. After listening, Helen nodded slightly in agreement. You're right. She stood up and slowly walked to Lanu. My initial agreement with you was simply that you could do what I could. Help my family so that the bloodline and glory of Kelster can continue. As for who will continue the family line and who will become the head of the family since I have chosen to trust you, then you can decide that. After a short rest, the group continued their journey deeper into the forest, guided by the fifth elder. This time, the goals were much clearer. Although the fifth elder was seriously injured, his bloodline senses became clear after the interference of the traitorous fourth elder was eliminated. The compass needle no longer splits, but points firmly in one direction. After traveling for about half an hour, the surrounding black fog became increasingly thick to the point where it was almost impossible to see one's own hand in front of one's face. The air was filled with the damp, rotten smell of earth mixed with a nauseatingly sweet, fishy odor. It should be just ahead. The fifth elder's voice was somewhat weak as he pointed to a clearing formed by countless intertwined tree roots. The aura of the inherited item comes from there. Just then, another group of people rushed out from another passage in a disheveled state. It was the second elder and his party. However, their current appearance was extremely miserable. A group that originally numbered more than 10 people. Now, only the second elder, two other elders, and three family elites covered in blood remain. None of those promising young geniuses survived. But the people didn't have much time to grieve. They had more important things to do. The group then walked toward the clearing formed by the intertwined roots of the giant tree. But when they actually stepped into that open space, everyone stopped in their tracks, their faces showing solemn expressions. In the center of that open space, several corpses, already badly decomposed, were scattered around. These were the guards sent by the Kelster family to transport the heirloom, but who met with misfortune earlier. Beside these corpses, an old-fashioned black wooden box lay quietly. The box was engraved with the Kelster family crest, and a faint but pure aura was emanating from it. Without a doubt, that was their goal for this trip, the heirloom of the Kelster family. But what attracted everyone's attention was not the box itself, but the scene around it. Centered on the box, the ground within a radius of 100 m was covered with a thick, constantly writhing black carpet. The carpet was made up of countless black beetles the size of fingernails. They huddled together in dense clusters, making a chilling rustling sound. These beetles seem to have a particular interest in things that are passed down through generations. They surrounded the wooden box, yet maintained an eerie distance, as if guarding it or perhaps waiting for something. What is this? Chapter 362. The constantly resurrecting swarm. One of the family's elite members felt a chill run down his spine as he looked at the endless swarm of insects. The fifth elder's expression also turned extremely ugly. Be careful. These insects are very strange. I can feel the aura emanating from them. Although each one is weak when they come together, even I feel a chill. Just then, the black beetles seemed to have noticed the arrival of Lan Yu and the others. Buzz. The swarm of insects instantly erupted into a riot. It was as if they had received some kind of command. Instead of surrounding the wooden box, it transformed into a black wave, sweeping over everyone. Form ranks, defend, the fifth elder shouted. The remaining members of the Kelster family reacted immediately and quickly formed a defensive formation. The shadow energies surged forth, forming a solid barrier in an attempt to withstand the onslaught of the insect swarm. However, the strangeness of these insects far exceeded their expectations. The black swarm of insects crashed into the shadow barrier, but was not repelled. Instead, it adhered to the barrier surface like a corrosive liquid, not at the shadow barrier with their tiny mouth parts, making a sizzling sound that made one's teeth ache. Visibly, the shadow energy barrier, constructed by several six-star powerhouses, was becoming dim and thinner at an alarming rate. "Damn it! They're devouring our shadow energy," an elder exclaimed, clearly feeling his shadow energy rapidly draining away. We can't hold out much longer at this rate. Inua also drew her long sword, her pretty face tense, ready to join the battle at any moment. However, Lana was faster than them. He looked at the endless, nauseating swarm of insects, a hint of disgust flashing in his eyes. Just a bunch of insects. He slowly raised his right hand, and a wisp of pitch black flame quietly ignited at his fingertips. Azjura's flame. With a flick of his finger, the wisp of black flame, like a black meteor, landed precisely in the swarm of insects. There was no explosion, no roar. A bizarre scene unfolded. The moment the black flames touched the swarm of insects, they ignited the parched grassland. It spread wildly at a terrifying speed. Every beetle touched by the black flames. Without even a chance to struggle, they were silently and completely decomposed and annihilated, wiped clean from this world. In the blink of an eye, the black swarm of insects, which was enough to give even a sevenstar lord a headache, was gone. It was completely burned to ashes by the azure of fire, leaving not even a trace of ash. In the open space, only that lonely black wooden box remained. The members of the Kelster family were all stunned by this unbelievable scene. They opened their mouths wide, unable to utter a single word for a long time. The terrifying swarm of insects that had just left them helpless and even filled them with despair was just wiped out by a tiny flame. What kind of flame is this? Its power is incredible. The way they looked at Lanu had changed from initial awe to almost god-like worship. However, just when everyone thought the crisis was over and was preparing to retrieve the heirloom, Lyus brows furrowed tightly. His extraordinary six senses clearly captured it. Within the thick black fog surrounding that clearing, a similar repulsive aura emanated. It is recoileing and being reborn at an incredible speed. "It's not over yet," Wanu said coldly. He had barely finished speaking. "Shu!" That chilling sound rang out again from the surrounding black mist. Immediately following, a second wave of black insects appeared, even larger than the previous one. They surged out from all directions, completely submerging that open space once again. Ow! How can there still be more? The fifth elder's face turned deathly pale instantly. "Useless stuff! Just burn it again." Lonu sneered inwardly, raising his hand again, ready to repeat the same trick. However, when the Azure fire at his fingertips popped out again, they fell into that new swarm of insects, the anticipated scene of everything being burned did not occur. The black flames fell among the insects, burning only a few beetles to death. It was like a spark extinguished by a bucket of cold water, quickly going out. The remaining countless beetles seemed to have developed perfect resistance to this terrifying flame that was capable of annihilating the soul. They even crawled over the bodies of their burned companions without a care and continued to surge towards the crowd immune. Upon seeing this, Lan Yus pupils constricted sharply, and for the first time, he felt a bad premonition. Meanwhile, the number of insect swarms has been increasing, seemingly endless. They completely surrounded everyone from all directions. A dark mass that stretched as far as the eye could see. An elder of the Kelster family, who was responsible for covering the rear, was simply negligent. Several beetles that broke through the defenses crawled onto his legs. "Ah!" He let out a shrill scream and the Beatles instantly nawed through his shadow armor and trouser legs. It burrowed into his flesh and blood. His calves shrank at a visible speed as if all his life force was being drained away in an instant. A resolute glint flashed in the elers's eyes, and with a roar, he detonated the shadow energy in his legs. Boom! With a muffled thud, he blasted the Beatles and half of his own leg into pieces through selfmutilation. But this was completely useless. More beetles surged up and instantly engulfed him completely. The screams abruptly stopped. When the swarm of insects passed by, only a ghastly white skeleton, completely devoured, remained in the place. A powerful expert at the level of a sevenstar lord was devoured alive in just a few seconds. As the black wave of death drew ever closer, despair filled everyone's faces. The sight before them plunged the Kelster family into utter despair. Even the sevenstar elders were instantly devoured into bones. So, how long could these six-star elite warriors hold out? It's over. It's all over. A young member of the tribe looked at the approaching black swarm of insects. His legs went weak and he collapsed to the ground, his eyes filled with death. The fifth elder was also ashenfaced. He had never expected that the monster in the family's inheritance ground would be such a bizarre and terrifying existence. Lanu's expression also turned serious. The failure of Azura's fire made him realize that these insects were far more complex than they appeared on the surface. Since fire doesn't work, let's try something else. A cold glint flashed in his eyes, and a thought crossed his mind. Divine authority and power, rain of corrosion. In an instant, the sky seemed to be covered with an eerie green veil. Countless green raindrops exuding a strong corrosive odor. It appeared out of thin air pouring down like a torrential downpour covering an area of hundreds of meters in radius. Chapter 363. The outbreak of the flames of the underworld. Sizzle. Sizzle. Green raindrops fell into the swarm of insects, immediately unleashing a powerful corrosive effect. The beetles hard shells were as fragile as paper in the face of the corrosive rain, melting and being penetrated in an instant. Countless beetles wythe and struggle in the green acid rain, eventually turning into pools of foul smelling green pus. The results are remarkable. Seeing this, a glimmer of hope rekindled in the eyes of the Kelster family members. However, this hope lasted for less than 10 seconds. Just as expected, just as Lu had predicted in the worst case scenario, the effect of rain of corrosion ended. Those beetles that had melted into pus miraculously reformed from the ground. The third wave of insects has arrived. And this time, when Lanu tried to unleash the reign of corrosion again, the green raindrops that fell on them could no longer cause any harm. They've become immune again. What the hell is this thing? Lu cursed inwardly, his face darkening completely. This is troublesome. These insects are not only endless, but also possess incredible learning and immune abilities. Any attack method will become ineffective once it has been used. This means that to eliminate them, one must possess an endless array of completely different attack methods. There's simply no solution to this. Just then, Nithog's solemn voice echoed in Lan Yus mind. Lan Yu, be careful. These things are not ordinary shadow monsters. If I'm not mistaken, this should be a forbidden creature from the mythical era called the immortal worm. An immortal worm? Lanu asked in his mind. What's the explanation for that? That's a very broad statement, Nidhog explained. The characteristic of this thing as you can see is that it is immortal and indestructible. Their life form is very special. They are not a single individual but a vast collective consciousness. As long as this collective consciousness remains, no matter how many times you kill them, they can be reborn infinitely by drawing on the surrounding shadow energy. Furthermore, they can analyze the attacks that killed them and gain targeted perfect immunity upon their next rebirth. In the mythological era, this thing was a servant of an extremely troublesome evil god, causing great trouble for all the gods. I never expected to see their descendants here. After hearing Nidhogs explanation, Lan Yus heart sank to the bottom. Something that even the gods find troublesome. What's the point of fighting then? Is there any way to solve them? Lu asked, clinging to his last glimmer of hope. Nidhogs voice suddenly became somewhat playful. As for a solution, coincidentally, what is an unsolvable predicament for others is for you a perfect means to overcome it. What methods? Lu's spirits lifted. All things in the world are mutually reinforcing and mutually restraining. The immortality of the immortal worm is essentially a distortion and manipulation of the laws of life. Of all the laws and authorities, there is one authority that transcends life itself, an ultimate existence. Nidhog's voice carried a hint of amusement. That is death. In the face of the true authority of death, all the characteristics of immortality, eternal life, and rebirth are nothing but a joke. Their so-called immortality will be completely erased from the root by the authority of death, cutting off all possibility of their resurrection. The power of death. Lanu reacted instantly. He happens to possess the power of death from hell. He possesses two means that contain the power of death. The first one is the dead silence domain. This wide-range instant kill skill will definitely wipe out this swarm of insects completely. But Lanu glanced at the pretty face beside her, which had turned pale with fright. But Inga, who was still holding a knife and protecting herself, and the fifth elder, and others not far away. Nidhog had warned him that the power of death was one of the supreme powers, too sensitive. Once exposed, it could bring great trouble or even attract the attention of the gods. Therefore, it should never be used in front of outsiders unless absolutely necessary. The skill characteristics of dead silence are too obvious. Once used, it will inevitably be exposed. That leaves only the second option. Lanu's mind stirred and he remembered the spoils he had snatched from the nightmare king. That terrifying weapon forged by an ancient god, the flame of the underworld god. This flame also contains the pure laws of death. Moreover, its form is merely a ball of flame, making it relatively more concealed and less likely to expose the source of its power. With that in mind, Lana no longer hesitated. He raised his hand, and a faint pale flame, as if it might be extinguished at any moment, ignited at his fingertips. It is indeed the flame of the underworld. He did not use it on a large scale directly, but carefully controlled a small sliver of flame. He flicked the worm at his feet which was trying to crawl towards him. He wanted to test the effect first. The pale flames silently landed on the black beetle. The effect was immediate. The beetle that touched the flame froze instantly, then turned into a sand sculpture weathered by the elements. It shattered inch by inch from the inside out, turning into the most primitive black powder and completely dissipating. Most importantly, in Lanu's perception of his six senses, the Beatles aura had truly disappeared. Instead of remaining a trace of its original essence waiting to be reborn as before, it was completely killed. It works. Seeing this, Lu was secretly delighted. It seems Nidth Hog was right. The power of death is indeed the nemesis of these guys. Since that's the case, then there's no need to be polite. Just as Lu was preparing to increase the output of flame of the underworld to wipe out these disgusting insects in one fell swoop. Sudden beside the skeleton of the elder who had been completely devoured amidst the dark swarm of insects. An extremely intense white light burst forth without warning. The white light was holy and pure. Yet it carried a chilling aura of death. Boom! The white light spread instantly, forming a devastating shock wave that sent all the surrounding insects flying and shattering. At the very center of that white light, a figure stood out. It was that Kelster family elder who should have been dead. At this moment, most of his flesh had been eaten away, revealing his bare bones, and his eyes were empty and lifeless, clearly indicating that he was already dead. But his corpse is now standing up strangely, and it's even moving like a puppet being manipulated. Chapter 364. The patriarch's backup plan. The source of that deadly white light was a small antique bell hanging on his chest. Lanu sensed the aura of a mythical relic from that bell. Furthermore, within that aura, he also sensed an extremely faint yet incredibly familiar authority of death. The elers's corpse, as if using its last strength, suddenly struck the small bell on its chest. Clang, as if using its last bit of strength, the corpse suddenly struck the small bell, and a sound that seemed to come from the depths of hell resounded throughout the entire space. The next second, the bell exploded. A white light a h 100 times stronger than before containing the pure laws of death. Like a supernova explosion, it instantly engulfed the entire open space. Faced with this power, those so-called immortal worms are nothing to nothingness in the holy white light. This sudden self-destruction was so powerful and wide-ranging that it was a completely indiscriminate attack. Master, the thought flashed through Lanu's mind instantly. This is definitely a backup plan left by the patriarch. Although the power of this death authority is far less pure than that of hell, it is still deadly to a seven-star powerhouse. Because Lan Yu is protected by hell, the power of death will not harm him. But in W, she didn't have that. Thinking of this, Lan Yus heart tightened, and he hurriedly turned around to look. Just moments before the destructive white light was about to engulf the shadow moon. A simple antique ring on the finger of her right hand suddenly emitted a faint blue halo. The halo formed a small protective shield, barely protecting the shadow moon and resisting the erosion of the white light. The one that the Kelster family head gave to Ing before they set off. Seeing this, Lanu instantly understood everything. What a fine head of the Kelster family. What a brilliant move to strike at the heart of the problem. She had long known that there were strange and malevolent insects in this land of inheritance. And she had also prepared a one-time mythical relic containing the power of death to restrain the insects. She even calculated that when the relic detonated, it would cause an indiscriminate attack that would affect everyone. Therefore, she gave Shadow Moon, who was to be this sacrifice and container, a talisman in advance. As for the others, including his so-called helper, she didn't care whether they lived or died. If it weren't for the fact that he possessed hell's power of death and was immune to this force, that attack just now would most likely have killed him. She's planning to kill herself, too. Thinking of this, Lan Yus eyes instantly turned icy cold. He was still thinking about how to persuade the stubborn patriarch when he returned to the family. Let her abdicate gracefully and hand over the reigns to Ingua. Now it's all right since the other party doesn't even care about feelings and only wants to kill me. Then I don't need to save her any face anymore. At the same time, a tremendous change occurred deep within the forest of the three sacred trees. Inside the ancient and magnificent hall, the ancestral home of the Kelster family. The atmosphere was somewhat oppressive. An elderly man with white hair and beard dressed in the robes of an elder paced back and forth in the main hall with a worried expression. He was the eldest elder in the family, second only to the head of the family. Patriarch, a day has passed, and there is still no news of the fifth elder and the others. We can't even contact them with the communication talisman. The forest of the three sacred trees is fraught with danger, and the gluttonous king's followers are entrenched outside. I'm worried. What if something happened to them? The elder stopped and looked at the figure wearing a silver mask in the main seat, speaking with deep concern. However, the patriarch seated in the main seat appeared unusually calm. She gently swirled the teacup in her hand and through the mask she spoke in a cool and confident voice. Elder, there is no need to worry. Everything is under my control. The Grand Elder was taken aback upon hearing this. What do you mean by that, Patriarch? The patriarch slowly set down his teacup. A hint of barely perceptible smuggness in his voice. Just last night, I sensed that the secret technique I left on that elder had been activated. The secret technique has been activated. The Grand Elder was even more confused. Doesn't that mean they've encountered extreme danger? The patriarch's expression remained cold. Danger is also an opportunity. Activating the secret technique means they have successfully broken through the blockade of the gluttonous king's army. And we have reached the final location where the heirloom was lost. She paused, seemingly enjoying the elers's puzzled expression, and continued to explain. I once sent people to retrieve the heirloom. The biggest obstacle there was not the gluttonous king's subordinates, but the immortal fiend, a forbidden creature from the mythical era, extremely troublesome and impossible to deal with using ordinary methods. Upon hearing this name, the grand elers's expression changed drastically. What? Immortal worms. Then then what about the fifth elder and the others? The head of the family coldly admitted, "That's right. Faced with that kind of thing, even a sevenstar expert would only face certain death. They, including that so-called genius of the lawn family, have probably all become nourishment for the insects by now. This the Grand Elder was speechless with shock at this cruel truth. Then what about the heirloom? Are we just going to give up like this? The patriarch sneered. Give up? Of course not. I had anticipated this step and prepared the means. The mythical relic I gave to the seventh elder, the death bell of annihilation, is a one-time consumable item containing a faint power of death. Although it is precious, it is the only thing that can completely annihilate the immortal evil worm when he is driven to the brink of despair and his life comes to an end. The secret technique will activate automatically. Detonate the death nail to purify all the worms and all living things present. Upon hearing this, the first elders seemed to understand something. His eyes widened as he stared at the patriarch in disbelief. "Master, do you mean you never intended for them to come back alive from the very beginning?" The patriarch coldly corrected. "Apart from containers, I have given all the containers a guardian ring, which is enough to keep them safe in the purifying light of the death bell. And in my perception, only Shadowman's guardian ring has been activated. This means she will be the only one who can come out of there alive and bring back the legacy. As for the others, whether it's that boy from the lawn family or the rest of the family, they're nothing more than sacrifices paving the way for her. Chapter 365. The prelude is too long. The patriarch's voice was full of calculation and ruthlessness, which sent chills down the elers's spine. He finally understood just how deep and ruthless the scheming and methods of the patriarch before him were. She treated everyone as pawns, including the loyal family elders and the unfathomable Lawn family henchmen. The sole purpose of all this is for her to successfully obtain the inheritance and continue her life. Although it's a pity to lose a precious mythical relic, it's all worth it as long as we can get the inheritance back. The patriarch picked up his teacup again and said in a relaxed tone, "If I'm not mistaken, in a little while that child, Inga should return here carrying my hopes." The thought that he was about to extend his life and even have the opportunity to break through to the legendary ninestar realm filled him with joy. A smug smile crept onto the patriarch's aged face hidden beneath the mask. However, at that moment report, a family guard rushed in from outside the hall, looking flustered, and knelt on one knee. Reporting to the patriarch and the first elder missing while they're back. You're back. The Grand Elder was initially delighted upon hearing the news, but then he sensed something was a miss. He hurriedly asked, "Did you bring back the heirloom?" "I brought it. I brought it back," the guard replied. The first elder was overjoyed upon hearing this. "Excellent, excellent. The family is saved." However, unlike the Grand Elder's ecstatic joy, a deep sense of doubt flashed across the patriarch's face. "Them, according to her plan, only Ingua should have returned. Why them?" A sense of foroding rose in the head of the family and she hurriedly asked who else came back with Inga. The guard was about to answer in the very next moment. Call out. A perfectly condensed jet black crescent moon shot out from the entrance of the hall without warning. That crescent moon was only the size of a palm. Yet it contained a terrifying aura that could terrify anyone. It tore through the air, emitting a piercing shriek. Its target aimed directly at the head of the household in the main seat. Dark Moon Dragon Blade. This sudden attack was incredibly fast. The patriarch's pupils contracted sharply. She didn't even have time to make any extra movements. He could only rely on the instincts of an eightstar peak expert to instantly condense dozens of shadow energy barriers in front of him. However, this dark moon dragon blade was delivered by Lan Yu in a fit of rage. Attack that has been building up all the way from the edge of the forest. Its power has long surpassed that of an ordinary seven-star expert. The defensive barrier hastily erected by the patriarch was as fragile as a sheet of paper in the face of the dark crescent moon. Puff, puff, puff, puff, puff. A series of rapid tearing sounds rang out. Dozens of barriers were instantly and effortlessly pierced through. Immediately afterwards, to everyone's horrified gaze, the dark crescent moon, without stopping, slanted across the patriarch's body. Blood shot into the sky. The patriarch's body, which was still sitting upright, was neatly split in two diagonally from his left shoulder to his right abdomen. His upper body slid to the ground, and the cold silver mask fell to the side. His face was covered in wrinkles and filled with horror. Blood and inrols were spilled all over the ground. The entire hall fell into a deathly silence in an instant. The Grand Elder and the guard kneeling on one knee were both frozen in place as if petrified. Staring blankly at the two still slightly twitching pieces of corpse, his mind went completely blank. The patriarch, just like that, is dead. Just then, a tall, slender figure slowly emerged from the shadows of the hall. That iconic blue hair, that cold and indifferent gaze. Who else could it be but Lu? He glanced at the patriarch's corpse on the ground, then turned his gaze to the guard, who hadn't yet reacted. In a completely emotionless tone, he provided the answer to the question he had just asked. "And me, too." These three words, like a demonic voice from the deepest hell, exploded in the ears of the Grand Elder and the guard. They turned around abruptly, staring intently at the blue-haired youth who emerged from the shadows, their eyes filled with boundless horror and fear. He shouldn't he have already died in the forest of the three sacred trees and become nourishment for the immortal evil worms? Why is he here? That terrifying attack that instantly killed the peak eight star family had the one he just unleashed. Countless questions that challenged their understanding swept through their minds like a storm, plunging them into complete chaos. Lon Lanu. The elders lips trembled as he squeezed out the name through clenched teeth. His body trembled violently from extreme fear and he could barely stand. However, after the fear subsided, boundless anger surged into my heart. No matter what happened, this man in front of him killed the head of the Kelster family right before his eyes. This is the most serious provocation and insult to the entire family. Yu, you actually dare. The Grand Elers's eyes instantly turned bloodshot. He pointed at Lanu, his voice with rage. Weren't you entrusted by the first patriarch to help my Kelster family? Why did you resort to such a vicious act? Upon hearing this, Lan Yus face revealed a cold, mocking expression. Help? Yes, I am helping you. However, I want to help in my own way. He kicked the mangled corpse of the head of the family on the ground with his toe. For example, changed to a head of the family who is less inclined to engage in underhanded tactics. The grand elder was utterly enraged by Lon use extremely arrogant words. You, you outsider, what right do you have to decide the position of head of my Kelster family? Outrageous. Utterly outrageous. Before he finished speaking, a vast and powerful aura of shadow erupted from the elders's aged body. The pressure from an eight-star expert, as substantial as a mountain, enveloped the entire hall. The ground was cracking inch by inch, and the air was vibrating violently. Buzz. Countless intricate dark patterns began to appear on the surface of the Grand Elder's body. His aura was rising steadily and his body was undergoing strange changes. Shadow transformation. Moreover, over 70% of it is deep cinematic adaptation. He's ready to fight to the death. Seeing the elders stance of wanting to fight him to the death, Lan Yus eyes remained unmoved. He simply watched quietly as his opponent gathered strength and assumed a fighting stance as if watching a comical performance. until the Grand Elers's aura reached its peak. Just as he was about to complete his transformation into a shadow, Lanu finally spoke, growing impatient. The windup is too long. The moment he finished speaking, his figure vanished from the spot. Chapter 366. Where did the misunderstanding come from? Quick. So fast that even light cannot capture it. As the Grand Elders's vision rapidly approached, all that could be seen was a blurry after image. A fleeting moment. The next second, Lan Yus figure appeared like a ghost in front of the Grand Elder, who was undergoing a deep transformation. A fist imbued with destructive power slammed straight out without any fancy moves. The Grand Elder's pupils shrank to the size of pinpoints at that moment. He wanted to hide, to defend himself, and to complete the final transformation into a shadow. However, it was all too late. Faced with Lan Yu's extremely fast and defenseless attack, all his preparations became a joke. Bang! A deep, muffled bang that sent shivers down your spine. Lu's fist slammed solidly into the Grand Elder's chest. A terrifying power erupted instantly. The Grand Elder's body, which had just begun to materialize, was like a sandbag being struck head-on by a battering ram. A huge hole instantly caved in his chest. Immediately afterwards, his body flew backward like a cannonball. It crashed through three thick walls made of solid rock behind it in succession. Finally, he was nailed firmly to the fourth wall with a large gaping hole in his chest. A horrifying sight. His shadow form was forcibly interrupted, and the violent shadow energy instantly reversed, destroying all his meridians. He didn't even get to utter a scream before his head lulled to the side, and he lost all life. Lanu slowly withdrew his fist and uttered two words indifferently. Noisy, the family guard who came to report was already stunned by the scene before him that shattered his worldview. He was so frightened that he collapsed to the ground, his crotch area wet and hot. He stared blankly at the blue-haired youth who had killed an eightstar elder with a single punch. After glancing at the patriarch's corpse, which had been split in two on the ground, his mind had completely stopped thinking. Less than a minute. No, the whole thing probably takes less than 30 seconds. A family head at the peak of the eight-star level and a family elder who has also reached the eight-star level. The two strongest members of the Kelster family couldn't even withstand a single move from this ridiculously young man. One was killed in one move and the other was killed with a single punch before he could even finish his desperate stance. What What kind of monster is this? Is he a seven-star being or a ninestar being or perhaps a legendary demigod? overwhelming fear instantly overwhelmed all his reason. However, at this moment, another change occurs. The entire magnificent hall suddenly began to shake violently, as if a powerful earthquake had occurred. Immediately afterwards, an indescribable, vast aura belonging to mythical relics permeated the entire room. A violent spatial fluctuation flashed by, revealing a mythical relic radiating a soft, life-giving light. It appeared out of thin air above the two pieces of the patriarch's corpse. It was a bright green gemstone that beat like a heart. Lifecore. Under the influence of this mythical relic, the patriarch's corpse, which had already been split in two, began to wriggle and heal at a speed visible to the naked eye. Broken bones reconnected. Shattered internal organs regenerated rapidly, and the blood that had flowed all over the ground flowed back into the body. In less than half a second, the patriarch has miraculously been resurrected completely unharmed. Upon being resurrected, the patriarch immediately got up from the ground. But unlike the Grand Elder, she didn't rush towards Lanu without thinking. She looked at the indifferent blue-haired youth, her eyes filled with apprehension and resentment. But he forced a smile that looked worse than crying. "Mr. Lu, is there some misunderstanding between us?" She tried to ease the tension. Lu almost laughed in anger when he heard this. misunderstanding. Don't you know in your heart whether there's a misunderstanding or not? His icy voice pierced through the patriarch's last pretense like a sharp sword in that self-destruction at the land of inheritance. Apart from your sacrifice, you never intended for anyone to survive, did you? Upon hearing this, the patriarch's face instantly darkened. She knew that all pretense and explanations were now meaningless. Since it's beyond repair, then let's completely tear off the mask of civility. Since you already know, then this old woman has nothing more to say. A mad, resolute glint flashed in the head of the family's eyes. She bit her tongue hard, spitting out a mouthful of blood. Secret technique soul burning and returned to one with a roar. Her strength surged wildly from the peak of the eighth star. Peak eight stars near nine stars. Nine star initial stage. An immense pressure, far exceeding anything seen before, swept towards Lan Yu like a tsunami. Kid, you force my hand. Today, it's either you or me who dies. The patriarch, who had temporarily reached the ninestar realm, wore a crazed grin on his face. With a single devastating attack, he blasted towards Lanu. However, this attack was comparable to that of a n-star pillar level expert. Lan Yu simply tapped his toes and activated instant shadow flash to easily dodge. He looked at the old woman whose aura had surged and who seemed to have gone mad, but there was no panic in his eyes. Instead, a hint of excitement flashed through them. Nine stars. Perfect. Since you're so eager to die, then I'll show you some real skills and send you on your way. Lonu slowly raised his right hand, and a long sword, entirely black and with an ancient design, appeared out of thin air in his hand. It was that divine weapon that chose its master, the sword of Hegny. The moment the Hegny sword appeared in Lan Yus hand, the air in the entire hall seemed to freeze. An ancient, vast, and doineering sword intent emanated from the pitch black sword. It was as if a peerless, ferocious beast that had been sleeping for Ian had awakened at this moment. The patriarch, who had temporarily reached the nine stars level, was in a state of overflowing confidence. The moment I sensed that sword intent, my heart clenched and a tremor from the depths of my soul surged up uncontrollably. What kind of sword is that? Why is it that just looking at it gives me an urge to kneel down and submit? Her intuition was screaming at her. Tell her that the man in front of her and the sword in his hand is someone she absolutely cannot contend with. Escape. We must escape immediately. However, Lanu no longer intends to give her any more chances. Let me show you what real power is. Lan Yus voice was indifferent and cold, like a divine pronouncement. He gripped the hilt of the Hegny sword with both hands, and the shadow energy within his body surged like a burst dam. It surged wildly into the sword. His immense shadow power, far beyond what ordinary people could imagine, was unleashed without reservation at this moment. Buzz, the Hegny sword emitted a deafening sword cry, and countless complex and mysterious golden runes lit up on its dark blade. A terrifying power enough to suppress heaven and earth and obliterate all things suddenly erupted. Lanu slowly raised his long sword, pointing it at the terrified patriarch. Behind him, the immense shadow energy and chaotic power intertwined, actually transforming into eight towering, majestic mountain phantoms. Each mountain exudes an aura of immense weight as if it could crush the entire world. Divine Sword, eight mountains suppressing prison. Chapter 367 challenging him. This is the first exclusive sword skill that Lan Yu obtained after acquiring the Hegny sword. This move is extremely powerful and it demands an absurdly high level of energy and physical fitness from the user. Even ordinary Ninstar powerhouses might not be able to use it easily. But for Lan Yu, who possesses infinite shadow power and the body of a monarch, it seems to be tailor made for him. No, impossible. What kind of move is that? The patriarch was utterly terrified when he saw the eight elucory giant mountains floating behind Lan Yu, exuding an aura of destruction. Her confidence and madness, which had just swelled up after stepping into the nine stars, were crushed to pieces at this moment. She could clearly feel that in the face of these eight mountains, her so-called nine-star power was as insignificant as dust. No, I don't want to die. Driven by the instinct for survival, she let out a desperate roar, channeling all the power she had gained through secret techniques into her body. They mobilized all their resources without reservation, transforming them into the strongest defensive barrier, standing in front of them. At the same time, her body transformed into a streak of light, and she fled frantically out of the hall without looking back. However, under the lock of the eight mountains prison, all struggles are in vain. Lan Yus eyes remained unwavering as he gently swung his sword downwards. Town. A single word and the law follows. The eight giant mountain phantoms floating behind him seemed to have received a decree from the gods. It exploded with a deafening roar, carrying an unparalleled power to suppress everything and press down fiercely on the patriarch. Boom! Boom! An indescribable roar echoed throughout the ancestral lands of the Kelster family. The patriarch's hastily fleeing figure was frozen in place the moment the first mountain phantom landed. Unable to move, her proud ninestar defensive barrier couldn't even last a second against the mountain, shattering like an eggshell. No, she only had time to let out a scream that was extremely shrill. Then the second, the third, the fourth. Eight mountains crashed down on her one after another. There were no scenes of blood and gore. In the terrified and desperate gaze of the patriarch, her body along with her soul was disintegrated, crushed, and annihilated inch by inch by the suppressive power capable of obliterating all things. Ultimately, it completely transformed into the most primitive particles and dissipated into the air. Not even a trace was left. As the elucory images of the eight mountains slowly dissipated, the original spot was completely empty. It was as if the arrogant head of the Kelster family had never existed. The entire hall and everything outside it was alarmed by this terrifying power. The Kelster people who rushed to the vicinity stared blankly at the now peaceful entrance to the main hall, falling into a deathly silence. What exactly was that terrifying pressure that made their souls tremble just now? Where is the patriarch? Where is the grand elder? What happened? Just when everyone was filled with doubt and unease, Lanu sheathed the Hegny sword and glanced at the mangled corpse of the Grand Elder whom he had killed with a single punch. Then he bent down and picked something up from the ground. That was when the patriarch was cleaved in two by the dark moon dragon blade. The head of the family fell from his body, an ancient badge stained with blood. After doing all this, Inguela walked in through the side door of the hall. She was clearly also shocked by the terrifying power of the eight mountains suppressing prison just now and her eyes were filled with complex emotions as she looked at Lu. She whispered, "Blue team, the commotion outside is too great. Almost everyone in the family has been alerted and is gathered outside. They're probably going to rush in. Break in." Lu sneered. Perfect. Saves me the trouble of searching for them one by one. After saying that, he picked up the elers's corpse, which looked like a ragd doll. In his other hand, he held the badge, stained with the blood of the family patriarch. He swaggered along step by step toward the square outside the hall where hundreds of Kelster people had gathered. When the anxious, confused, and uneasy people in the square saw the figure emerging from the temple, they were all instantly petrified. What did they see? A stranger, a young man with blue hair. In his left hand, he was carrying the mangled, lifeless body of their family's eldest elder. In his right hand, he held a badge, a symbol passed down through generations of his family and reserved only for the head of the family. The token was still stained with dark red blood that had long since congealed. The visual impact of this scene is devastating. At that moment, the minds of all the Kelsters exploded, leaving them completely blank. The square was deafly silent. Only Lon used steady footsteps pounded against everyone's hearts one after another. He walked to the center of the square, casually threw the elers's body on the ground, and then raised the bloodstained badge in his hand. The cold and doineering voice echoed throughout the square, clearly reaching the ears of everyone present. I have made a pact with your first family head, Hillenkelster. I will help your family continue its legacy. But your patriarch is plotting against me behind my back. His gaze, sharp as a sword, swept over everyone present. So I killed her, and I planned to change to a new head of the family. He stretched out his other hand and pointed to Ingua, who followed behind him, her face pale, but her eyes resolute. She is the new head of the family that I recognize, Shelmorton. As for how your family will survive after losing so many powerful members, there's no need to worry about this. From today onwards, the Kelster family will be under the protection of our blue family. Lanu paused and a hint of undisguised killing intent flashed in his cold eyes. Now, if any of you have any objections to my decision, you can step forward and challenge me. After these words were spoken, the entire room remained deathly silent. Everyone's eyes instinctively fell on Lanu's feet. He glanced again at the bloodstained family heads token in the hand of the unseen corpse of the first elder. Challenge him. Are you kidding me? Even the patriarch at the peak of the eighth star and the eldest elder at the eighth star died so mysteriously. What difference is there between these people rushing up and sending themselves to their deaths? What's more, the other side even brought out the lawn family, a behemoth that could crush everything. Resist. That's not just courting death. That's courting the extermination of your entire clan. Silence. A deathly silence lasted for a full 5 minutes. No one dared to move. No one dared to utter a sound. Looking at the group of Kelster people who were completely terrified, Lan Yu nodded in satisfaction. He slowly opened his mouth, bringing this farce to a close. Very good. Then it settled. Soon after, with Lan Yus forceful intervention, Shadow Moon, or rather Shears Morton, has officially become the new head of the Kelster family. With Lan Yus help, she successfully retrieved the heirloom and merged with it, thus receiving the family's oldest inheritance. Lan Yu after confirming that the matter concerning the Kelster family had been settled. Furthermore, the Lawn family had already received the news and began to handle the asylum matters, thus fulfilling his agreement with Helen. Chapter 368. Unlucky Guy. With the Kelster family's fate settled, Ingua, with Lanu's strong support, firmly secured her position as the new head of the family. The first patriarch, Heren, did not say much about this result in his mental world. He simply thanked Lan Yu and then fell silent again. Having fulfilled the agreement, Lan Yu lingered no longer. Now that Ing possesses the inherited artifact and is under the protection of the Lawn family, she must walk her own path in the future. He as a friend has done all he could. Parting ways with Inga, Lanu went straight to the nearest large human city, Ironwall City. He planned to use the shadow wormhole, a long-d distanceance teleportation device officially established within the city. return directly to Ching Fong City, where the headquarters of the other Shoreflower Guild is located. Having been away from home for almost a year, it's time to go back and visit. The teleportation hall in Iron Wall City was bustling with people. Lanu easily purchased a ticket to Chingong City. Guided by the staff, we walked toward the shadow wormhole that emitted a dark light and resembled a giant vortex. Just as Lanu was about to step into the wormhole, a piercing alarm suddenly sounded in the teleportation hall. Emergency alert. Emergency alert. A high concentration of shadow gas fluctuations has been detected at the teleportation exit in the direction of Chingfong City. A large shadow cave has appeared. All teleportation portals to Chingong City must be closed immediately. Repeat, all portals must be closed immediately. The staff member responsible for guiding Lanu turned deathly pale. He whirled around trying to stop Lu and shouted, "Sir, come back quickly. Something's happened over there. However, it was too late. The portal's light had completely dimmed, indicating that the teleportation was complete. The staff member slumped into a chair, muttering to himself, "It's over. This is terrible. This person ran into a shadow hole at the wormhole exit." "He's probably in grave danger." Meanwhile, on the outskirts of Chinfong City, at the exit of shadow wormhole B7, the place was already in complete chaos. On the once peaceful plane, a huge black hole with a diameter of over 100 meters hangs menacingly in midair like a scar on the sky. The dense, almost impenetrable aura was continuously gushing out of the cave, completely polluting the surrounding area. Seven enormous, ferocious sevenstar shadow beasts burst forth from the shadow cave, wreaking havoc on everything around them. Around the shadow cave, there were dozens of shadow masters dressed in uniform combat suits. They are forming a huge encirclement and are fiercely fighting against these shadow beasts. Second and third teams, hold the left flank. Don't let that golden splitting panggalan break through the defenses. Healing team, quickly treat old Wong. He was scratched by the ghost leopard's claws and is suffering from mental contamination. A burly, middle-aged man with a resolute face hovered in midair, calmly and methodically directing the battle. His combat suit bore the emblem of a fist engulfed in flames. That's the logo of one of the top guilds, the Blazing Fist Guild. This person was none other than Wong Hi, the leader of the Blazing Fist Guilds operation and a peak sevenstar expert. Captain, we've already held off six shadow beasts, but there's still one windchaser Silver Wolf left. They're going too fast. We can't keep up at all. One of the team members reported anxiously. Wongi frowned, his gaze fixed on the vehicle, speeding along the edge of the battlefield. The giant silver wolf constantly seeks out weaknesses in the defenses to harass the enemy. That beast is cunning. Won he snorted coldly. You continue to hunt down the rest. I'll take care of this one. With that, he moved, transforming into a streak of crimson light and pounced straight towards the windchasing silver wolf. Woni was extremely powerful, displaying the terrifying suppressive force of a peak sevenstar expert. The moment he made a move, the raging flames transformed into countless fist shadows, completely sealing off all of the Windchaser Silverwolf s escape routes. Although the Windchaser Silverwolf was incredibly fast, it was no match for the sheer difference in strength. He was still being beaten back step by step, and soon several deep burns that exposed the bone appeared on his body. Just as it was about to be killed on the spot by Wong Hi, the Windchaser Silver Wolf suddenly let out a shrill howl. Suddenly changing direction, it recklessly broke through a weak encirclement and fled frantically into the distance. Trying to run, not so easy. A cold glint flashed in Wong Hi's eyes, and he immediately gave chase. However, what happened next stunned him and everyone else present. All that could be seen was the windchaser silver wolf that had just escaped. After running less than 100 m, he suddenly slammed on the brakes as if he had seen a ghost. Then, even faster than when they fled, they tucked their tails between their legs and ran back towards the encirclement in a state of utter terror. It looked as if something a hundred times more terrifying than Wong Hi, a peak sevenstar expert, was chasing it from behind. Huh? What's going on? Wongghi asked, puzzled. Has this beast lost its mind? It finally managed to escape. So, why did it come running back? Although filled with doubts, Wangi naturally wouldn't let go of the opportunity that had come his way. He seized this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and unleashed a powerful, fiery punch that gathered all his strength. It slammed hard into the head of the Windchaser Silver Wolf. Boom! With a loud bang, the sevenstar level Windchaser Silver Wolf didn't even have time to let out a scream. His entire head was blasted into a charred mess and his massive body crashed to the ground. Having dealt with the shadow beast, Wong Hi's doubts only deepened. He turned his head and looked in the direction where the windchaser silver wolf had fled back. Contaminated by the shadow energy, at the exit of the shadow energy wormhole, a ripple of space appeared. Immediately afterwards, a tall, slender figure slowly walked out of that area. He was a young man with blue hair who looked quite young, and his expression was indifferent. As if oblivious to the fierce battle and rampaging shadow beasts around them, they strolled over leisurely. Long frowned immediately. How come there's someone here? And it came out of a closed portal. A thought struck him and he immediately stepped forward. Hey, this is a high-risk area. Get out of here. Lu looked up at him and said, "Sorry, I just came out of the portal." Upon hearing this answer, Wong Hi instantly understood. It seems this guy stepped into the portal before the alarm went off. What an unlucky guy. Thinking of this, Wong His weariness softened considerably, replaced by a hint of sympathy. I see. Well, you're really unlucky. He patted Lan Yu on the shoulder, comforting him. But don't worry. Once you run into our blazing fist guild, you're safe. He pointed in a direction far from the battlefield and said, "Just follow that road. We've cleared it out. It's safe there. Thank you." Lu nodded, said nothing more, and walked straight in the direction Wong Hei pointed. Watching Lan Yus receding figure, Wong Hei felt a sudden, inexplicable pang of unease. "Is it just my imagination?" He recalled the unusual behavior of the windchasing silver wolf earlier and fled back in terror. Could it be? An absurd thought popped uncontrollably into Wong Hi's mind. Could it be that the sevenstar shadow beast was scared back by this young man? Chapter 369. I discovered a small problem. The moment the thought crossed his mind, he extinguished it. Impossible. Absolutely impossible. Are you kidding me? That's a sevenstar shadow beast. What kind of being could scare it so much that it wouldn't even be afraid of me? a peak sevenstar cultivator. Based on that young man who looks to be no more than 20, Wangi shook his head, thinking that he must have been fighting too much lately and was overreacting. Team leader, just then, a team member ran over and excitedly reported. Report to the captain, we have dealt with all six sevenstar shadow beasts around the shadow cave. Well done. Wongghi nodded, finally letting out a sigh of relief. But then he remembered something and asked. I remember the report said that a total of seven sevenstar shadow beasts came out of the shadow cave this time. Where is the last one? Upon hearing this, the team member's expression turned somewhat strange. He paused for a moment before speaking. Captain, the last one's location is next to the shadow oro wormhole. But we don't need to solve it anymore. While he was taken aback, no need to resolve it. What do you mean? The team member pointed to the exit of the shadow wormhole not far away. His tone tinged with disbelief. We can't explain it clearly in a short time. You'll see when you go over there. Filled with doubt, Wongi walked in the direction his teammate pointed. When he finally saw the scene next to the exit of the shadow gas wormhole, even with the composure of a peak sevenstar expert, his pupils constricted sharply and he gasped. All that could be seen was a sturdy wall made of a special alloy at the portal. An enormous shadow beast corpse was forcibly embedded inside. That was a black armored violent bear, a seven-star shadow beast renowned for its defensive capabilities. Its shell is so hard that even if Wong he himself were to strike it with all his might, he could at most only leave a white mark on it. A huge exaggerated hole has appeared in the entire chest of this black armored bear. It was as if it had been pierced directly by some invisible force, leaving it transparent from front to back. The terrifying impact even pinned its massive body firmly into the alloy wall. This created a visually striking and horrifying scene. Without a doubt, the huge hole in its chest was its fatal flaw. One strike, instant kill. Wongghi stared blankly at the scene before him, his mind completely blank. It can instantly kill a seven-star black armored bear known for its strong defense with a single blow and cause such terrifying damage. He asked himself honestly. Even if he went all out and used his most powerful moves, he might still be able to do it. However, it could never be as clean and efficient as it is now, as if it were just a casual strike. Among the expeditionary force present, no one else possessed such strength besides himself. But I clearly didn't make a move. Who did that? Just then, it was as if a bolt of lightning struck Wong Hi's mind, instantly illuminating all the fog. He suddenly remembered the indifferent-l lookinging blue-haired youth who had just walked out of the portal. I recalled that fleeting, inexplicable feeling of palpitation I had at the time. I recalled the strange behavior of that silver wolf that chased the wind, turning around and fleeing in terror. Finally, all the clues pointed to an answer that even he found absurd and unbelievable. Could it be? Could it be him? Wongis voice trembled as he stared intently at the corpse of the black armored bear, cold sweat beating on his forehead. If it really was that young man who did it, what kind of monster did he just walk past? He even patted the other person on the shoulder like a senior, comforting them with, "Don't worry, and you're safe." Now, looking back now, it's just a huge joke. Do people need him to guarantee their safety? In their eyes, this so-called elite of the Blazing Fist Guild is probably no different from any stray cat or dog on the street. The thought of this instantly soaked Wong's back with cold sweat. He felt a wave of fear wash over him. Fortunately, fortunately, I didn't put on heirs like a top tier guild powerhouse at the time, and my attitude was relatively friendly. A young team member came closer, looking at the bear carcass on the wall with admiration and awe. Captain, captain, who who did this? That's incredible. Upon hearing this, Wang His lips twitched involuntarily. He took a deep breath, trying to calm his pounding heart, and said slowly in an extremely complicated tone. Perhaps he is a powerful figure who is just passing by. Meanwhile, Lanu had already left the chaotic battlefield. To him, everything that had just happened was nothing more than a trivial little episode. You casually crush a bug that's blocking your way, and then another group of bugs treats you as a weak passer by who needs protection. That's all. He walked slowly and deliberately along the road that Wong he had pointed out. However, he hadn't gone far when he suddenly stopped. He looked up and saw a familiar figure standing quietly by the roadside not far ahead as if he had been waiting for a long time. The man was dressed in a well-tailored black tuxedo and stood very upright, leaning on a black cane. He was none other than Lan Yus personal butler, Uncle Fu. Uncle Fu, Lanu called out. Upon hearing the call, the figure trembled violently. Uncle Fu slowly turned around and when he saw that slightly tired face. But when he saw that incredibly familiar face, his usually calm eyes instantly welled up with tears. Young young master. Uncle Fu's voice trembled slightly, almost uncontrollably. The next second, this person, in the eyes of outsiders, was a seven-star powerhouse who had already become famous in Chiming City 30 years ago. The legendary figure known as the pianist of death rushed forward without hesitation and gave Lanu a tight hug. Young master, you have suffered this past year. Uncle Fu's body trembled slightly and his voice became choked with emotion. He watched Lanu grow up from childhood. Nominally a butler, he was like family to him. During the year Lanu was missing, he was constantly worried. Now seeing Lan Yu standing safely in front of him, his heart, which had been hanging in suspense for a whole year, finally settled down. His pent up emotions finally erupted at this moment. And even with his strong will, he couldn't help but shed tears. Being held like this by a big man made Lanu feel a little uncomfortable, and he patted Uncle Fu's back stiffly. I'm fine, Uncle Fu. I'm sorry to have worried you. After a long while, Uncle Fu finally calmed down. He released Lu and carefully looked him up and down. Only after confirming that he was not missing any limbs did I feel completely relieved. It's good that you're back. It's good that you're back. Uncle Fu wiped away the tears from the corners of his eyes and a genuine smile appeared on his face. Afterwards, Lu discussed with Uncle Fu the matter of the Kelster family's protection. Uncle Fu said respectfully, "Don't worry, young master. I have taken care of everything you asked me to do. I have officially announced to the outside world in the name of the Lawn family that the Kelster family will henceforth be under the protection of our Lawn family. With the Lawn family's reputation, I believe other petty people will not dare to easily make a move against them." Wana nodded. He had always been very confident in Uncle Fu's ability to get things done. Uncle Fu changed the subject, his brows furrowing slightly. But while investigating the Kelster family's records, I discovered a small problem. Chapter 370 Eternal Secret Realm. The Kelster family problem. Wanu asked, "What's the problem?" Uncle Fu replied, "I discovered that the former head of the Kelster family had several large-scale financial transactions with another family called Blackwood in secret. The Karoki family has been secretly funding the Kelster family, Uncle Fu said in a deep voice. After a thorough investigation, I discovered that the former head of the family had reached a secret agreement with the Karoki family. The agreement stipulated that the Blackwood family would provide financial and material support to the Kelster family to help the family head break through to the Ninth Star realm. In return, after the Patriarch successfully advances to the Ninth Star, he will need to lend the Blackwood family the heirloom of Kelster for a period of time for research. Now that the Patriarch is dead, this agreement is naturally null and void. But the Karroi family has spent an astronomical sum of money on this agreement and they probably won't let it go so easily. Upon hearing this, Lan Yus eyes turned slightly cold. It's that kind of deal again. How strong is that Karoki family? He asked. Uncle Fu replied. Speaking of the Karoki family, they are quite legendary. More than 30 years ago, they were just an obscure second rate family. But just 30 years ago, a genius with extraordinary talent suddenly appeared in the family. He made great strides and eventually reached the ninestar realm, becoming the head of the family. On the surface, the Blackwood family only has this ninestar patriarch in charge. But according to my investigation, this family head also has a younger brother who is equally talented and secretly entered the ninestar realm several years ago. For so many years, this younger brother has been secretly protecting the family. Therefore, this family actually has two nine-star powerhouses. Upon hearing this, a hint of surprise appeared on Lan Yus face. I never expected that Uncle Fu could investigate so thoroughly, even uncovering such a hidden secret. But they are merely two powerful individuals who have just entered the Ninstar realm. To be honest, it's not a big threat to Lanu right now. Back when he was only a six-star, he could fight on equal terms with an eight-star monarch incarnation. Now that he is a seven-star expert, ordinary eight-star experts cannot withstand a single move from him. If he were at the peak of the ninth star level, he might temporarily avoid the limelight. But they were just two guys who had just entered the ninth star. Lonnu waved his hand, his tone indifferent. Don't worry about it. If they don't know what's good for them, they might really come knocking on our door. A cold, murderous glint flashed in his eyes. We'll talk about it later. Looking at Lonu's calm, yet absolutely confident expression, Uncle Fu couldn't help but feel a mix of emotions. Once upon a time, there was a boy who needed his protection. Without realizing it, I've grown to this point. What exactly did the young master experience this year? Uncle Fu was filled with curiosity, but he wisely refrained from asking any further questions. There will be plenty of time to listen to the young master later, and as long as the young master returns safely, that's more important than anything else. Yes, I understand, Uncle Fu replied respectfully. Now that Lan Yu has spoken, the matter of the Blackwood family is no longer an issue. Having resolved all the trivial matters, Lan Yu and Uncle Fu no longer lingered. They went directly to the city center of Ching Fong City, which is also the headquarters of the Higinbana Guild. Nearly a year later, I stood once again in front of this familiar, magnificent building that stands like a black tower. Many couldn't help but feel a sense of deja vu. He joined as a newcomer with the aim of gaining experience and improving himself. Here he met his mentor Chinfong and made interesting friends like Hua Shawo and Baya. I also witnessed the unfathomable depth of the other Shoreflower guild. Later he unexpectedly fell into the film industry and struggled to survive in that dark and hopeless world. To be an enemy of the king means walking the line between life and death every day. Now he's finally back. Lanu straightened his clothes, took a deep breath, and stepped into the gate of the other Shoreflower guild. However, as soon as Lanu entered the guild hall, he keenly sensed that the atmosphere seemed a little off today. There were far more people in the hall than he had expected, and they all seemed unusually excited. They gathered in small groups discussing something. What surprised him even more was that among these people, he also saw quite a few shadow masters wearing uniforms from other guilds. It's important to understand that while top tier guilds aren't necessarily enemies, they do compete with each other. It's rare for members from other guilds to appear at another guild's headquarters in such a large number on a normal day. Have you heard? This time, our three major guilds are actually going to open the eternal realm together. Indeed, this is a once- ina century event. The eternal secret realm, that's a treasure land left over from the legendary mythological era. Most importantly, there's the fountain of immortality in the secret realm. It's said that you can get by soaking in it for a day. This can cleanse the marrow and significantly improve the purity of one's inner energy, making it remarkably effective in breaking through higher level bottlenecks. More than that, I've heard that if you're lucky, you might even find legendary mythical relics inside. Every word of the surrounding chatter reached Lanus ears. An eternal secret realm, the fountain of immortality. Lanu's heart stirred. His current strength is at the peak of the sevenstar level, only one step away from the eight-star level. But this step is like an insurmountable chasm. To cross it requires immense accumulation and a glimmer of opportunity. If the fountain of immortality is truly that miraculous, it might be of considerable help in my attempt to break through to the eightstar realm. Thinking about this, Wanu also became interested. He originally wanted to ask Chinfo, his mentor, or Hua Shaolo and the others about the situation. I looked around the lobby, but didn't see a single familiar face. Left with no other option, he went to the front desk and asked a receptionist. Hello, I'd like to ask if instructor Chinfo is here. The receptionist looked up and when she saw Lan Yu, a hint of doubt flashed in her eyes, as if she were trying to recall this unfamiliar face. Are you a guild member? I don't think I've seen you before. Lanu took out his guild badge and handed it over. The receptionist took the badge, scanned it on the device, and Lu's information immediately appeared on the screen. So, it's Mr. Langis. The receptionist suddenly realized what was happening. Quickly returned the badge to Lu and smiled apologetically. I'm sorry you haven't been to the guild for almost a year, so I Mr. Chinfong and the others have all taken on long-term missions and are away on business trips. They are not currently with the guild. Mr. Warsaw and Mr. White Crow are also out carrying out their commissions. Aren't they all here? Wu asked somewhat disappointed. It seems I came back at the worst possible time. Then what about the election for that eternal secret realm? Lanu asked in turn. Chapter 371. The guild's elite puppet. The receptionist patiently explained. That's right, Mr. Langis. Eternal Realm is an ancient ruin jointly managed by our three top guilds, and it opens once every 10 years. Each time it opens, the most outstanding geniuses will be selected from the younger generation of each guild to enter and train. Registration for this year's selection begins today. Any guild member under the age of 30 with a strength of six stars or above is welcome to participate. After registration, the guild's elite members will conduct a unified assessment and select the best candidates. Ultimately, each guild will only have 10 slots. Lana nodded. The selection criteria were quite stringent. However, it's perfect for him. I want to sign up," he said directly. "Okay." The receptionist nodded and began operating the system. But soon, she looked up, a troubled expression on her face. "Um, Mr. Langis, if you want to register, you need to pay 300,000 guild points as a registration fee." 300,000. Wu was stunned. Guild points are the hard currency within the Higenbana Guild and can only be obtained by completing commission tasks. He's been wandering the film industry for more than half a year and just returned to cancel his leave. His account points have long been cleared. Where did he get 300,000? This is a bit awkward. Just as Lu was pondering whether to go to the mission area to see if there were any short-term commissions that would bring in quick money. A considerable commotion suddenly broke out at the entrance to the guild hall. The once noisy hall instantly fell silent. All eyes turned to the doorway. A tall and bulky figure slowly walked in. It was a centator-shaped mechanical puppet that was over 2 m tall and had four thick long metal legs. The puppet's face was covered with a black mask identical to lawn use representing its membership in the other shoreflower guild. An invisible terrifying pressure belonging to an eight-star powerhouse inadvertently emanated from the mechanical puppet. The sight sent a chill down everyone's spine, making it difficult for them to breathe. It's Lord Puppet. What's he doing here? My god, I've been in the guild for 3 years and this is the first time I've ever seen an elite level powerhouse. A suppressed gasp erupted from the crowd. Elite within the Higin Bana guild. This is a very prestigious title. The most crucial criterion for being recognized as an elite is that one must achieve it through individual effort. Complete an eight-star level commission task. As the name suggests, an eight-star commission is an extremely difficult mission that only those with true eight-star strength are qualified to accept. It can be said that every elite is a true pillar of the guild, standing at the top of the pyramid. A powerhouse of this caliber is rarely seen and seldom appears in places like the guild hall. Why did he suddenly appear today? Just as everyone was filled with doubt and speculation about the purpose of this puppet master's visit, the enormous centur puppet ignored all the awe and curiosity in the surrounding gazes. Its scarlet electronic eyes scanned the crowd and finally settled on Lanu at the front desk. Snap! Snap! Heavy metallic footsteps sounded and the crowd seemed to be parted by an invisible hand, automatically making way for it. The puppet walked straight up to Lanu and stopped. The receptionist at the front desk had already turned pale from being overwhelmed by this powerful aura. She mustered her courage, took a cautious step forward, and asked in a trembling voice, "Master puppet, how can I help you?" However, the puppet ignored her. His masked head was lowered slightly, as if he were scrutinizing Lyu before him. A moment later, a somewhat awkward voice, as if produced by mechanical synthesis, was heard. A faint, almost imperceptible tension emanated from within the puppet. Um, can I see your treasure? Huh? Lu was completely stunned when he heard this. Baby, what treasure? Looking at Lan Yu's bewildered expression, the puppet seemed to realize that there was something wrong with its way of expressing itself and quickly added, "It's it's a puppet. I can sense that you have a powerful puppet on you, puppet." Lanu then realized what was happening. He was referring to his sevenstar level puppet, Black Rock. He just didn't expect that this eight-star puppeteer in front of him could actually sense the existence of his puppet. Onlookers were stunned after hearing the conversation between the two. The way they looked at Lonu changed instantly. This guy actually has a treasure that even the puppet is interested in. Moreover, look at how cautious puppet is, even with a hint of pleading in his tone. The quality of that puppet is probably beyond imagination. Who exactly is this young man? Faced with the puppet's eager request, Lanu hesitated for a moment. After thinking for a moment, he took out the black core sphere that contained black rock. The moment this core sphere appeared, the puppet's scarlet electronic eyes. The brightness suddenly increased dramatically, and the breathing, no, the internal cooling fan speed of the puppet also noticeably increased. Could Could I take a look at it? The puppet's voice was filled with barely concealed excitement and earnestness. For a top tier puppeteer, nothing beats a perfect puppet with limitless potential. That would excite him even more. However, Lan Yus reaction next surprised everyone once again. No. Lanu shook his head and refused outright. He retrieved the core sphere. After all, Black Rock is one of his trump cards. Although it's not the strongest, it's still a trump card. How could I possibly lend it to a complete stranger I've just met for research? If the other party tampers with it or even breaks it, who can he complain to? Upon hearing Lu's decisive refusal, the puppet's tall body visibly stiffened. He seemed somewhat disappointed and his scarlet electronic eyes dimmed slightly. Everyone around was on tenor hooks. This kid is incredibly bold. That's Lord Puppet, an eight-star guild elite. You not only refused to offer it up with both hands, but you also dared to refuse it in public. However, to everyone's surprise, the puppet did not get angry. It was a bit of a disappointment that the voice used was synthesized mechanically. Really? Well, okay then. After saying that, the other person turned to leave. She did not continue to pester Lanu, nor did she use her power and status to force him. Although he was genuinely interested in Lanu's puppet, but he knew very well that continuing to pester the other party would undoubtedly bring great trouble and problems to Lanu. Since the other party is unwilling, then forget it. He has his own principles. Therefore, the puppet chose to leave decisively. Looking at the puppet's somewhat lonely figure, Lu was rather surprised. He had assumed that after being rejected, the other party would at least use their strength and guild status to put pressure on him, even if they didn't turn on him on the spot. Unexpectedly, the other party gave up so readily. This person seems quite different from the kind of aloof and powerful figure he had imagined. Just as the puppet was about to leave, a sudden inspiration flashed in Lanu's mind. He thought of the 300,000 yuan registration fee he still owed. The person in front of me is an eight-star elite in the guild. His wealth must be terrifyingly abundant. Perhaps I won't have to worry about those tasks anymore. Lanu suddenly spoke up and called out to the other person. Wait a moment. The puppet stopped, turned around, and looked at him with a hint of doubt in its scarlet electronic eyes. Do you have 300,000 guild points? Wu asked. Chapter 372. You asked for this. The puppet's voice is simple and clear. Have a smile appeared on Lanu's face. Then let's make a deal. I'll lend you my puppet for one day to study. After one day, you must return it to me intact. In exchange, you pay my registration fee of 300,000 points. Upon hearing this, the puppet's enormous body trembled violently. Happiness comes so suddenly. Sure, he agreed almost without hesitation. He raised his mechanical arm and operated a device on his wrist a few times. The next second, Lanu received a notification from the system that the money had been credited to his account. Lanu looked at the string of zeros on his personal terminal and his eye twitched involuntarily. 1 million? Did I say the wrong number or did he mishar me? I only need 300,000. Bro, did you transfer too much? However, before he could even speak, puppet. The puppet has already eagerly extended its mechanical hand. Left with no other choice, Lan Yu threw the black core sphere over. The puppet caught the ball as if it were a treasure, not even having time to say another word to Lan Yu. He then turned around and stroed off, rushing towards the guild's research area. Looking at the other persons hurried back, Lanu shook his head. In the afternoon, at the registration desk outside the training ground, the place was already packed with people. All the young geniuses who passed the first round of registration and screening gathered here, waiting for the next round of assessment. Lanu found an inconspicuous corner and waited quietly. He glanced at the contestants present and spotted quite a few impressive individuals. Several of them, despite their young age, had already reached the five-star level, exuding a calm and composed aura. Clearly elites who had experienced countless battles. It seems that the competition in this secret realm election will be even more intense than he imagined. Just then, a considerable commotion suddenly broke out at the entrance of the training ground. There stood a young man dressed in a flamboyant manner with his hair dyed in various colors and wearing a pair of flashy sunglasses. Surrounded by a group of people, he swaggered in. It's divas hit the road. Tsk tsk. This guy always makes such a high-profile appearance. They may be high-profile, but their strength is real. A 25-year-old at the peak of the six-star level, whose points ranking has consistently ranked among the top three of the younger generation, and whose defensive shadow technique, indestructible Vajra, is said to be able to withstand attacks from a seven-star expert without sustaining any damage. I heard he recently got a new girlfriend, the new one who's known as the flame witch, right? The surrounding chatter reached Lon Yus ears clearly. He glanced at the young man known as Hua Shiao and then looked away without much interest. A six-star character known for his defense is no different from an ant in his eyes. However, he didn't want to cause trouble, but trouble came looking for him anyway. The assessment time was approaching and the guild leaders in charge of the assessment arrived one after another on the main stage of the training ground. However, the assessment has yet to begin. The reason is simple. The area responsible for registering assessment information was occupied by one person. It was that flower boy. He sat imposingly in the only registration seat. He casually crossed his legs and flirted with a hot red head next to him, completely ignoring the long queue behind him and the increasingly impatient gazes of those around him. Hey, are you going to register or not? If not, get out of the way and stop taking up space. Finally, a burly man at the front of the line couldn't hold back any longer and urged them on. Upon hearing this, the young man lazily raised his head, took off his sunglasses, and revealed a pair of charming eyes. He glanced at the burly man, a frivolous smile playing on his lips. "What's the rush? My other girlfriend hasn't arrived yet. Can I save her a seat?" His tone was full of arrogant self-righteousness. "You," the burly man was so angry at his shameless behavior that his face turned red. But they seemed somewhat wary of the other party's strength and dared not speak out against it. The people around him were talking about it, but no one dared to actually go up and argue with him. After all, Hua Shao is known for its strength among the younger generation of guild members. Offending him will definitely not end well. As the start time of the assessment drew closer, but the team remained silent, Lu's brows gradually furrowed. What he hates most is people who waste other people's time. Without further hesitation, he stepped out of the queue and headed straight for the registration seat. His sudden action immediately attracted everyone's attention. What's this kid up to? Is he going to cause trouble for Hua Shiao? Are you crazy? Doesn't he know who Hua Shao is? This is going to be good. Amidst the expectant gazes of everyone, Lan Yu walked up to Hua Shao and spoke expressionlessly. Get out of the way. The voice wasn't loud, but it carried an unquestionable tone of command. Huh was stunned for a moment. seemingly not expecting that someone would actually dare to provoke him. He looked at Lan Yu with great interest. But when he saw Lan Yus unfamiliar face, a hint of disdain flashed in his eyes, "Oh, new here? Don't you know the rules?" He put his sunglasses back on, crossed his legs, wagged his fingers, and said in a lecturing tone, "Kid, I'll let you off the hook today because you're young. Now get back to your ranks, or else. What else?" Wanu interrupted him, his eyes cold. Huh? The smile became somewhat playful. Otherwise, come with me to the arena and practice. Let me teach you what it means to respect your elders. He enjoys the feeling of being challenged and then in front of everyone, crushing the other person under his feet. However, Lan Yus answer once again surprised him. There's no need to go to the arena. Lanu shook his head and said calmly, "It's too much of a waste of time." "Oh," Huh raised an eyebrow. "So, what you mean is what I mean is?" A hint of impatience flashed in Lan Yus eyes. Let's begin now. The moment the words left his mouth, Hua Shas smile froze. He never expected that this seemingly ordinary young man would dare to be so arrogant. A ruthless glint flashed in Huas eyes. Fine, you asked for this. Despite his apparent disdain, Hua Shiao is, after all, a seasoned genius. He understood the principle that even a lion uses its full strength to hunt a rabbit. He sneered inwardly and his internal energy instantly began to circulate. Secret technique indestructible vajra. A layer of golden light barely perceptible to the naked eye instantly covered his entire body. This caused his physical defense to increase several times in an instant. This was the signature technique that made him famous. This is also the source of his confidence to withstand the seven stars attack. Chapter 373. I refuse to accept this based on just words. After doing all this, he put on that playful smile again and said to Lu, "Sure, kid. Since you're so eager to die, I'll grant your wish. You can come anytime." However, the last hit was still stuck in his throat, and he couldn't say it because a fist had landed on his lower abdomen without warning. There were no earthshattering noises, nor any dazzling light and shadow effects. That punch looked so ordinary, even somewhat weak. However, the moment the fist touched Hua Sha's body, his indestructible body, strong enough to withstand the attack of a seven-star expert, was instantly destroyed. But it was as fragile as paper, collapsing instantly. An indescribable, terrifying force, like a torrent bursting its banks, breached his proud defenses. Puffas eyes widened suddenly, and he spat out a mouthful of blood mixed with fragments of internal organs. His body arched up suddenly like a boiled shrimp. Then, like a kite with a broken string, he flew backward, crashing into more than a dozen rows of tables and chairs before finally crashing with a loud bang. He fell to the ground in a disheveled state and immediately lost consciousness. One move, just one move. The entire registration area fell into a deathly silence once again. Everyone stared in disbelief at the scene before them, as if witnessing something utterly shocking. The genius Hua Shao, known among the younger generation of the guild for his formidable defensive capabilities, who even dared to challenge a seven-star expert. Just like that, he was defeated by an unknown young man with a single punch. How How is this possible? Was that person's fist made of iron? All eyes turned to the man who had withdrawn his fist. It was as if the blue-haired youth had only done something insignificant. His eyes were filled with shock, confusion, and deep fear. Lan Yu ignored the astonished looks around him and simply walked to the empty registration desk. He said calmly to the equally terrified staff member. Can we register now? The staff member in charge of registration was already terrified out of his wits by the shocking scene before him. He looked at the badge lawn you handed him, then at Zo Yang, whose fate was unknown, lying in the corner of the wall in the distance. His legs trembled like a leaf. Yes, you can. Of course, you can. He tremblingly accepted the badge and hurriedly completed the registration process for Lon Yu on the system. Throughout the entire process, he didn't even dare to raise his head for fear that he might accidentally anger the menacing figure before him. After successfully registering, Lu went directly to the assessment location. The assessment was held in a huge training ground on the top floor of the guild building. When Lu arrived, a number of young geniuses who had come to participate in the assessment had already gathered there. These people are all outstanding members of the younger generation in various guilds. Each of them possessed a calm demeanor, sharp eyes, and an aura of fierce battle experience. In front of the training ground, a high platform was erected. On the high platform, two ornate chairs were placed side by side. In one of the positions sat the enormous centur mechanical puppet, the puppet. The other party is currently studying Lanu's puppet with all their might. The other seat was empty. Have you heard? Besides Lord Puppet, there's another person in charge of the assessment this time. Lord Phantom. What? Lady Phantom is here, too. That crazy woman known for her speed and trickery. My goodness, the lineup for this assessment is amazing. Two elite level experts are personally overseeing it. It seems the guild is taking this eternal realm very seriously. The candidates discussed amongst themselves, their eyes filled with awe and anticipation as they looked up at the platform. Just then, a fragrant breeze wafted over. A tall and fiery figure appeared silently on the empty seat like a ghost. The newcomer wore a black magician's hat, and beneath the brim were a pair of captivating phoenix eyes. The tight-fitting black leather outfit perfectly accentuated her shapely curves. In his hand, he was also playing with a long black whip. Her whole being exuded a wild and dangerous allure. It was another elite level powerhouse from the other Shoreflower Guild, Phantom. Oh dear, it seems I'm not too late. The phantom stretched lazily, completely oblivious to the countless burning gazes drawn to her alluring figure below. She turned her head and glanced at the puppet beside her, who was as quiet as a statue, a mocking smile playing on her lips. "Hey, Shiao, what brings you here to be an examiner today? Don't you hate these kinds of lively occasions?" The puppet's electronic eye blinked, and a synthesized mechanical voice sounded. The chairman's order. The phantom curled its lip. TCH, how boring. She then seemed to remember something and curiously leaned closer. I heard you made a big deal with a newbie down there today and even gave him 700,000 points for free. Is that true? The puppet did not answer, but simply stared silently down below. The phantom didn't care either. Fine, don't tell me then. She sat up straight again, her gaze sweeping over the examinees below and said in a casual tone, "All right, enough chitchat. Let's begin the assessment. The rules are simple. Come forward one by one and let me see. The Blazing Fist Guild, who was at the very front of the line, took a deep breath and stepped onto the platform. He walked up to the Phantom and bowed respectfully. Lord Phantom, Blazing Fist Gildly. However, he hadn't even finished speaking. Unqualified, the Phantom didn't even lift its eyelids. It simply waved its hand casually. Next, the young man surnamed Lee was stunned on the spot, his face filled with confusion and astonishment. Why? Why, Lord Phantom, you you didn't do anything. The Phantom seemed a little impatient. If I say it's unqualified, it's unqualified. Do I need a reason? Following that, the second and third candidates took to the stage one after another. Without exception, they were all dismissed by the Phantom in the same way with a simple unqualified. This caused an uproar among the test takers. What's going on? This assessment is way too frivolous. Exactly. They didn't look at anything, didn't ask anything, and just decided our eligibility based on a single sentence. That's so unfair. What exactly does this phantom lord want to do? Just as everyone was complaining, a hot-tempered, burly man, also from the Blazing Fist Guild, appeared. Unable to bear it any longer, he rushed up to the high platform. His face flushed red and he questioned loudly. Lord Phantom, we've worked so hard to cultivate our skills and that's how we got this opportunity to participate in the selection. You haven't provided any evaluation criteria, yet you're just using your words to negate all our efforts. I refuse to accept this. Chapter 374. Don't underestimate your enemy or you will die. His words expressed the sentiments of all those who were eliminated. In an instant, the previously tense training ground erupted into chaos. Whispers turned into heated arguments, and discontent spread rapidly like wildfire. Some people muttered curses about the unfairness of the assessment, while others loudly questioned the Phantom S authority. The scene became chaotic and noisy, as if it was about to completely spiral out of control at any moment. However, despite the scene that was almost out of control, there was no anger on the Phantom S face. Instead, she looked at the burly man with great interest, a playful smile playing on her lips. "Oh, you're not convinced?" She stood up and lightly tapped the ground with a long whip in her hand, making a crisp sound, "All right, I'll give you a chance to be re-evaluated." She pointed to the ground in front of her and said with a smile, "See this floor tile under my feet? The instructions are simple. If you can walk from where you are now to me, you'll pass." Upon hearing the ridiculously simple test content, the burly man was first stunned. Then a hint of wild joy flashed in his eyes. Is this really true? The phantom nodded. Certainly. The burly man took a deep breath. And after confirming that he hadn't misheard, he started walking. However, the moment he took his first step, an indescribable, terrifying pressure, as if it came from the deepest hell, crashed down on him like an invisible mountain. That oppressive aura was cold, bloody, and filled with madness and slaughter. The burly man's body stiffened abruptly, and the color drained from his face instantly. He felt as if he was not walking towards a beautiful woman, but towards a bottomless abyss made up of mountains of corpses and seas of blood. One more step forward and you will be completely swallowed by the endless darkness. Your soul and body annihilated. Well, a painful groan escaped the burly man's throat. His legs felt as heavy as lead and they trembled violently. Large beads of cold sweat rolled down his forehead. He gritted his teeth and used all his strength to barely move forward a small step. Just two steps thump. He could no longer hold on. His legs gave way and he collapsed to his knees, beginning to gag violently. It was as if he was about to vomit out his internal organs. The entire training ground was completely silent. The phantom looked down at the burly man kneeling on the ground, looking utterly disheveled. Her smile remained alluring. But her eyes were icy cold. See, you can't even do such a simple task, right? It is precisely because I know you cannot do it that there is no need to waste everyone's time on those so-called fancy exams. Now, are you convinced? The burly man collapsed to the ground, too weak to even lift his head, and could only utter a single word in a feeble voice. I I give up. Having dealt with this troublemaker, Phantom sat back down in her chair, her gaze sweeping downwards. All right, next, Longust. When the Phantom uttered the name, the puppet, which had been silent all along, visibly flickered its scarlet electronic eyes. Countless complex gazes, Lanu calmly walked onto the high platform. He calmly walked up to Phantom, exuding a terrifying aura that could make even a peak six-star expert kneel and beg for mercy. For him, it was like a gentle breeze having no effect whatsoever. Phantom looked at the cal-l looking blue-haired youth in front of her. For the first time, a barely perceptible glint of something different flashed in those phoenix eyes that always carried a hint of laziness and playfulness. Interesting. She said it softly and then slowly opened her mouth. You've passed. These words caused an uproar in the audience. It passed. Is it really that simple? So many people ahead of me were all dismissed with a simple unqualified. How come this newcomer passed without even having to exert any pressure? What's going on? However, before everyone could recover from their shock, the Phantom S next move made everyone's eyes nearly pop out of their sockets. She picked up the candidate information from the table next to her and glanced at Lanu's name. He glanced again at his new member badge, a more amused smile spreading across his face. Longest. Oh, no wonder the name sounded familiar. I remember now. She turned to look at the puppet beside her and said with a smile, "Little puppet, isn't he the little guy who cracked the puppet you left in the guild's newbie area a year ago?" The puppet's electronic eye blinked once, which was taken as tacid approval. Excitement gleamed in the Phantom S eyes, as if he had discovered some interesting toy. "Oh my, what a coincidence." She stood up, and the long whip in her hand lashed out in the air in a beautiful flourish. I've decided to add one more item to the assessment criteria. She stared intently at Lan Yu with her captivating phoenix eyes, her red lips slightly parted. Come on, let's fight. Lu. He looked at the woman in front of him, who seemed to thrive on chaos, with a sense of exasperation. Didn't you say I had passed the test? The phantom blinked and said with an innocent look, "Oh, did I say that? Even if I said that, can I go back on my word now? Besides, I'm the examiner. Here, what I say goes. She brandished the long whip in her hand, her tone filled with undeniable doineering authority. Either you fight me and I'm satisfied, then you can get the spot. Either you get out of here now or you'll be all right now. Looking at the other party's shameless, I am the rule attitude. Lu sighed helplessly. It seems that this fight is inevitable. Okay. He nodded. Seeing Lanu agree, Maying smile grew even brighter. She turned to the puppet and said defiantly. Little one, watch closely. I want to see just how much this little guy you value so much is really worth. However, Puppet simply responded with his unique mechanical synthesized voice, "Don't underestimate your enemy." He paused, seemingly organizing his thoughts, and then added in an extremely serious tone, "Otherwise, you will die." Upon hearing this, the smile on Phantom's face instantly froze. She was slightly taken aback and her captivating Phoenix eyes blinked in disbelief. He seemed to doubt that there was something wrong with his ears. What is the other person saying? She is a well-established eightstar elite, one of the powerful combat forces of the other shore flower. Will I die fighting a newbie who's only been in the guild for less than a year? This was even more outrageous than the dumbest joke she had ever heard. She subconsciously thought that the puppet, this eternally cold iceberg, was joking with her. But when she turned her head, she saw the earnest light flashing in those scarlet electronic eyes, devoid of any emotional fluctuation. She knew the other person wasn't joking. He was serious. Chapter 375. If you two keep fighting, you'll tear this place down. A sense of absurdity welled up in the phantom s heart. But at the same time, it also instantly raised her vigilance towards Lanu to the highest level. The person who can make a puppet say such things is definitely not as simple as they seem on the surface. Okay, very good. Phantom took a deep breath, wiping away all the flippency and mockery from her face. The long whip in her hand emitted a soft hum, and a vast and powerful aura of shadow erupted from her petite body. The pressure from an eight-star expert, like a tangible storm, swept across the entire training ground. The examinees below were under this terrifying pressure. Their faces turned ashen, and they retreated one after another. Those who were weaker were even forced to their knees by the pressure. Battle is imminent. However, just as the Phantom's momentum reached its peak, and he was about to make his move, Lana moved. A fleeting moment. His figure left a blurry after image in the spot before disappearing from the Phantom Site in an instant. Quick, extremely fast. So fast that even the Phantom S dynamic visuals are almost impossible to capture. Not good. In a phantom s heart, alarm bells rang loudly. A deadly sense of crisis came from behind her. Normally, she might have ignored such a sneak attack. But after the puppet's solemn reminder, she dared not be careless in the slightest. In the blink of an eye, she didn't even have time to turn around and could only rely on her fighting instincts to unleash the full power of her shadow energy. It was all gathered behind them without reservation, forming the strongest defense. However, the very next second after she completed her defense, a cold metallic object struck her in the waist, the Phantom Sbody flew out. It flew for dozens of meters before stopping. After the Phantom regained its footing, cold sweat slowly slid down her forehead. If it weren't for puppets reminder, which gave her time to prepare, she would have been fine. In that brief moment, she might have truly lost. The entire training ground fell into a deathly silence once again. Everyone was like a duck with its neck choked, mouth agape, but unable to utter a sound. What did they see? An eightstar elite, Lord Phantom, was actually subdued in a single move by a newcomer. This This isn't filming a movie. This is watching a mythological story. Maying looked at Lanu, her beautiful phoenix eyes filled with complex emotions. There was shock, there was horror, but more than anything, there was a lingering fear of surviving a disaster. She now finally understood why the puppet had said that. The young man in front of me is not a newcomer at all, but a prehistoric behemoth in sheep's clothing. Seven stars. She could clearly sense that the aura that had flashed across Lanu's body just now had already reached the level of the seventh star. A newcomer who joined the guild less than a year ago is already a seven-star powerhouse. What kind of monstrous talent is this? Why did you use the back of the sword just now? Phantom s voice was slightly horse. Lanu answered matterof factly. After all, it's just a friendly spar, not a life or death battle. I don't want you to get hurt too badly. He was telling the truth. However, to the phantom, this truth was more grading than any insult. Don't you want me to get hurt too badly? A newcomer who had joined the guild less than a year ago was actually considering whether or not to go easy on her, an eight-star elite, during their battle. After a brief moment of shock, boundless rage, and fighting spirit instantly ignited Phantom S entire being. Haha. The Phantom suddenly burst into laughter. A laugh filled with madness and excitement. Fine. So, you don't want me to get hurt too badly. The Phantom stopped laughing and landed slowly, her Phoenix eyes burning with fierce fighting spirit. I'm sorry. It seems I underestimated you. However, from now on, you don't need to worry. Before she finished speaking, the long whip in her hand, like a venomous snake that had come to life, swept towards Lan Yu with a shrill whistling sound that tore through the air. This time, she showed her true strength. Despite the Phantom's relentless and furious attacks, Lanu showed no sign of panic. With a gentle tremor, the Hegny sword in his hand emitted streaks of dark sword light. It splashed out like ink, precisely meeting the everchanging long whip. Jingle bells. A series of dense metallic clanging sounds echoed in the training ground. Swords and whips collided and intersected in the air, scattering a series of dazzling sparks. The two figures moved so fast that they became two blurry shadows moving at high speed and shifting and dodging on the huge platform. The candidates below were already dumbfounded and terrified. They could only see two beams of light, one black and one blue, constantly flashing and colliding on the stage. Each encounter unleashed terrifying energy shock waves capable of easily tearing them apart. Is this the battle of elite level powerhouses? No. What terrifies them even more is that newcomer. He was actually able to fight the phantom lord to a standstill and even he seemed to have a slight advantage. This completely shattered their worldview. A monster. This guy is definitely a monster. Is he really a newcomer? I have a feeling he's even more terrifying than Lord Phantom. Was it really the same assessment we took? A deep sense of powerlessness and frustration welled up in everyone's hearts. To be born in the same era as such a monster is simply a tragedy. On the high platform, the puppet remains sitting quietly, seemingly unconcerned about the fierce battle before him. But if you look closely, you can see the mechanical fingers on his armrest. It is being tapped gently at an extremely high frequency. This shows that his inner state at this moment is not as calm as it appears on the surface. Boom! Another violent collision. Lon Yu and Maying s figures separated at the slightest touch. The Phantom performed a beautiful backflip in the air, landing lightly on the other side of the platform, her chest rising and falling slightly and fine beads of sweat appearing on her forehead. She looked at Lanu across from her, who remained calm and composed. his breathing perfectly steady, her eyes filled with somnity and disbelief. She had already used 70% of her strength, employing many of her signature moves. But the other party remained completely at ease. It was as if, like myself, they hadn't used their full strength at all. When the Phantom decided to increase its strength further, "Stop!" A furious roar brimming with immense power and authority resounded like thunder throughout the entire training ground. Immediately afterwards, several figures descended from the sky, landing between Lan Yu and Maying. The leader was an elderly man with white hair dressed in the robes of a guild elder. His aura was unfathomable. He was clearly a nine-star level expert. Nonsense. If you two keep fighting, you'll tear this place down. Chapter 376. I'll give it a try. After being publicly reprimanded by the nine-star elder, Phantom stuck out her tongue, put away her whip, and remained silent. The white-haired elder then turned his gaze to Lan Yu. When he saw Lan Yus unbelievably young face and his sevenstar level strength, a hint of surprise flashed in his eyes, but he didn't say much. He just snorted coldly. This test is now over. Langstroth, you have passed. As for you, Phantom. The elers's gaze returned to Phantom, his tone stern. You altered the assessment content without authorization, nearly causing a disaster. You're being punished with 3 months worth of guild points, plus a month of solitary confinement. Do you have any objections? No. No, Phantom replied weekly, her head drooping. She knew she had gone too far this time. 2 days later, the Eternal Secret Realm qualification competition jointly organized by the three major guilds, officially kicked off at a secret base on the outskirts of Chingong City. from the Higenbana, Fiery Fist, and another top guild, Sky Sword, have gathered here. They will compete here in batches for the final qualification to enter the secret realm. Wan Yu, as one of the representatives of the other Shoreflower Guild, also came here. Soon, the judges for the selection competition appeared. The leader was a nine-star elder from the Blazing Fist Guild, who was Wong Hi superior, who had previously commanded the battle at Wormhole B7. He stepped onto the high platform, his gaze sweeping authoritatively over the first group of geniuses below, and said in a deep voice, "Everyone, welcome to the final selection competition." "Without further ado, the first round of testing is very simple." He pointed to a vast forest in the distance, shrouded in a barrier. "In that forest of mythical beasts, there are a thousand shadow beasts with strength around six stars that we have deployed. Your task is to hunt down as many of them as possible within 3 hours. 3 hours later, we will rank you based on the number of kills you have made. The top 20 will advance to the next round of the competition. Upon hearing the test details, the geniuses below were all eager to try. Competing in the number of kills is exactly what they excel at. However, what the ninestar elders said next stunned everyone. Of course, we have also prepared another shortcut to pass this round of assessment directly. As he spoke, he clapped his hands. Boom! The ground shook, and a huge black cube with sides over 10 m long slowly rose from the ground. The cube was entirely black with a smooth mirror-like surface, exuding a heavy and solid aura. "This is abyssal obsidian, one of the hardest known substances." The elder pointed at the huge black cube, a strange smile appearing on his face. "The rules are simple. As long as any of you can leave your mark on this abyss obsidian, whether deep or shallow, big or small, as long as it leaves a trace, then you can be exempted from this round of assessment and advance directly. Upon hearing this rule, the geniuses present were initially taken aback, but then they all showed eager expressions. Leave a mark on the abyss obsidian. This sounds much simpler than hunting those thousands of shadow beasts. Moreover, this is an excellent opportunity to showcase one's strength and make a name for oneself in front of the top leaders of the three major guilds. In an instant, everyone's gaze became intense. However, they failed to notice the subtle sly smile that flashed in the eyes of the ninestar elder of the Blazing Fist guild on the high platform. The reason he proposed this seemingly simple shortcut was the purpose was not to select any special talents at all, but to dampen the arrogance of these proud geniuses. What is Abyss Obsidian? That was an extremely hard object that even a Ninstar expert like him had to exert tremendous effort to barely scrape off a trace of powder from it. With these little guys below whose highest level is no more than seven stars, they think they can leave a mark on it. That's utterly delusional. He wanted to show these self-proclaimed invincible geniuses what it's all about. To make them understand that there are always people more capable than you. I'll give it a try soon. A swordsmanship genius from the Sword of the Sky Guild, renowned for his sharp attack power, was the first to step forward. He drew his sword, a seven-star shadow weapon that gleamed with a chilling light. He took a deep breath and poured all his shadow energy into the sword. "Buzz!" The long sword emitted a clear and melodious sword cry, and a dazzling blue light shone on its blade. Dawnreaker's slash of the Azure sky. He roared and used all his strength to slash down at the huge black cube. This sword strike is his strongest move. It once cleaved a small mountain in two. However, clang, a piercing clang of metal, rang out. The terrifying sword energy, powerful enough to cleave mountains, vanished without a trace the moment it touched the abyss obsidian. The surface of the huge black cube remained as smooth as a mirror without even the slightest scratch. On the contrary, the sword genius was shaken by a huge backlash, causing his tiger's mouth to split open and blood to flow freely. He almost dropped the seven star sword from his hand. How? How is this possible? He stared blankly at his slightly trembling hand, then at the intact black cube, his face filled with disbelief. His proudest all-out attack couldn't even leave a white mark. This stunned everyone. The excitement on the faces of those eager geniuses instantly cooled down. Even the top geniuses of the Azure Sky Sword have met such an end. If they were to go up there, they would probably only be inviting humiliation. I don't believe it. Another burly man from the Blazing Fist Guild, known for his strength, stepped forward defiantly. He roared and flames blazed from his fists, slamming them into the black cube like two meteorites. Boom! Boom! Boom! A series of loud noises shook the entire ground. However, when the smoke cleared, the black cube remained unchanged, completely still, and unharmed. Then, several more geniuses who considered themselves to be very strong stepped forward to try. Some use swords, some use knives, some used secret techniques. However, no matter what methods they use or how much effort they exert, the final result is the same. That enormous abyss obsidian is like an unshakable god, mocking all mortals who attempt to challenge its majesty. Gradually, no one dared to step forward anymore. Frustration and dejection were written all over everyone's faces. On the high platform, the elder of the Blazing Fist Guild looked down at the group of dejected young people and nodded in satisfaction. Yes, it works well. It seems that I have achieved my goal. However, just as he was about to announce that the group should obediently go to the forest to fight monsters, a calm voice rang out in the silent square. I'll give it a try. Chapter 3770. old monster. Everyone's eyes turned to the sound. The mysterious newcomer, Langus, who had fought to a standstill with the Phantom Lord during the assessment, slowly walked out from the crowd. A complex sense of anticipation arose in everyone's heart. Perhaps this monster, which dares to go head-to-head with even an eight-star elite, can really create a miracle. Ignoring all the gazes around him, Lu calmly walked up to the huge black cube. He didn't put on any fancy moves like the others, nor did he mobilize his full amount of shadow energy. He simply raised his right hand, then clench your fist. Amidst everyone's astonished and uncertain gazes, his fist, which didn't appear particularly thick, lightly struck the indestructible abyss obsidian. There was no sound. There are no lighting effects. There wasn't even a trace of energy fluctuation. It felt like I was gently touching it. TCH, what's going on? I thought he had some amazing trick up his sleeve. Exactly. All talk and no action. Just putting on a show. A chorus of disappointed booze immediately rose from the crowd. The ninestar elder on the high platform also curled his lip in disdain. However, in the next second, everyone's voices suddenly stopped. Their eyes widened suddenly and their mouths opened wide enough to fit an egg. On the surface of the abyss obsidian that had remained unscathed despite countless bombardments, a clear and deep fist imprint slowly emerged at the point where Lanu's fist made contact. Not only that, crunch, squeak, squeak. A tooth grinding scraping sound rang out. That massive cube weighing tens of thousands of tons and as stable as a mountain was actually moved half a meter backward by this punch. A clear drag mark half a meter long was left on the ground. The whole world seemed to be muted at that moment. Dead silence, a deathly silence. Everyone stared blankly at the scene before them, as if petrified. A scene that defied their understanding. Lu slowly withdrew his fist. He glanced at the clear fist mark, then at the black cube that he had knocked back half a meter. His brows furrowed slightly, as if he was not entirely satisfied with the result. He turned to look at the nine-star elder on the high platform, who was also petrified and calmly asked, "Does this mean it's passed?" Gurgle blazing fist guild on the high platform swallowed hard. His usually dignified eyes were now wide open, staring intently at the fist mark on the obsidian below and a halfmeter long drag mark. His expression incredibly complex. There was shock, there was horror, there was disbelief, but more than anything, there was a kind of ghostly terror. Has the calculation? Has it passed? Is there even a need to ask? This is more than just passing. It's like tearing up the exam paper and pointing it at the examiner's nose, saying, "I don't want to take the exam anymore." His original intention was simply to have these geniuses leave a mark on the obsidian. Even the slightest scratch or a faint white mark would be considered the best you can get. But what did this kid do? He punched it so hard it created a dent. It even knocked this thing which weighs tens of thousands of tons backward half a meter. Is this something a human being could do? This is a humanoid monster. The elder coughed twice in an attempt to cover up his loss of composure. But the violently trembling corners of his mouth completely betrayed his inner turmoil. He took a deep breath, looked at Lanu below the stage with an extremely complicated expression, and squeezed out a few words with difficulty. It it passed. Shortly after, in a luxurious lounge at the secret base, a middle-aged man dressed in a well-tailored British gentleman's suit and looking to be around 40 or 50 years old, was leisurely sipping his black tea. On his shoulder sat a jet black monkey, happily munching on a banana. This person is the vice president of the other Shoreflower Guild. Just then, the door to the lounge was violently pushed open from the outside. The Blazing Fist Guild and an elder from the Azure Sword Guild stormed in, their faces contorted with rage. Vice President, you must give us an explanation. Bang! The door to the lounge was violently slammed open with tremendous force. The Blazing Fist Guild and Elder Gray of the Sky Sword Guild stormed in one after the other, their faces full of anger. Behind them were several other high-ranking guild members who had also come to demand an explanation. Among them was Wong Hi, a peak sevenstar expert who had previously commanded the battle through the teleportation wormhole. At this moment, Wong His face was pale, and his eyes were filled with indescribable horror and lingering fear. Just now, he heard from his elders what had happened in the square. When I heard a blue-haired youth who looks to be under 20 years old, a punch created a dent in the obsidian of the abyss. I even knocked that thing half a meter sideways. Wongi's mind went blank for a moment. That image, that figure immediately over overlapped with a vague memory deep in his mind. The blue-haired youth who walked out of the portal with an indifferent expression. That passerby whom I mistook for an unlucky guy and kindly patted on the shoulder to comfort me. That terrifying presence that made the sevenstar chasing wind silver wolf so scared that it ran away in a panic. Black armored bear nailed to the alloy wall with a gaping hole in its chest. So it turns out so that absurd idea that even he found laughable was actually true. Blazing fist guild still lingered in his mind. You're safe now, Wong. He thought, feeling his cheeks burning hot, wishing he could disappear into the ground. Safety? Do people need him to guarantee their safety? Vice President, you must give us an explanation. Elder Jeang stormed up to the English gentleman and handed him a newly printed photograph of Lan Yu. With a loud smack, it was slammed hard onto the table. It's this kid, your other Shoreflower Guild. Haven't you gone a bit too far this time? The British gentleman, referred to as Vice President Lee, didn't even lift an eyelid in the face of this accusatory stance. He simply picked up the teacup slowly and deliberately, gently blowing on the steam, as if everything before him was irrelevant. The black monkey on his shoulder was startled by the commotion. The bananas in its hand fell to the ground, and it squeaked as it hid behind its owner's neck. Vice President Lee took a sip of tea before slowly speaking. JJ, why are you so angry? What's wrong? Sit down and tell me slowly. Look, you scared my little darling. The elder of the Azure sword had an even more explosive temper. He pointed at the photo on the table, his voice rising several decibels. Take it slow. Can't this be discussed slowly? Look at what this kid has done. One punch. Just one punch. They punched a crater in the abyss obsidian we were using for testing and knocked it back half a meter. Is this something the younger generation is capable of doing? Vice President, although there is competition between our guilds, we have always had our bottom line. You send a monster of unknown strength to participate in the selection of the younger generation this time. What kind of behavior is this? This is utterly disrespectful. Are they taking advantage of our two family's lack of resources? Elder Jeang picked up the conversation, his face turning ashen. That's right. I suspect this kid isn't a newbie at all. He must be some old monster that your other Shoreflower found out of nowhere. He used secret techniques to disguise his age and identity just to embarrass us in this selection competition. They became more and more excited as they talked, and the more they felt that their guests made sense. Can a 20-year-old have this kind of ability? What a joke. Even the chosen ones of the mythological era couldn't be this outrageous. Vice President finally put down his teacup. Oh, the old monster. Chapter 378. Invite this great god out of the arena. The vice president picked up the photo on the table, glanced at it, and then a smile of interest appeared on his face. Are you saying that our guild's long grist is an old monster who's disguised his age? Elder Jean questioned. Isn't that right, a 20-year-old youth? I've heard from the fiery fist people that he can kill a sevenstar shadow beast in one move. You can shake the Abyss Obsidian with a single punch. Vice President Lee, do you even believe that yourself? Looking at the two of them with such confident expressions that they have seen through everything, the smile on Vice President Lee's face became somewhat strange, even carrying a hint of sympathy. He slowly manipulated his personal terminal for a few moments, pulled up an encrypted file, and then turned the screen towards the crowd. Here is the child's information. This was originally a guild secret, but since you insist on an explanation, I'll show it to you. The elder of the Azure sword snorted coldly and together with Elder Jeang moved closer to the screen. Wong Hi, with a heart full of trepidation, craned his neck to look over. On the screen was Lan Yus personal file. Name: Lan Yu. Guild code name Langis. Gender male. Age 19. Guild affiliation: Higenbana. The information provided so far was unremarkable, much like what they had expected. However, when their gaze slowly moved down to the identity section, everyone's movements seemed to have been paused, frozen in an instant. Identity, the 11th divine contractor, a divine covenanter, that child is the newly awakened divine contractor of the Lawn family a year ago. Upon seeing the glaring identity information on the screen, Elder Jeang and Elder Tang Xyong Xi Jins minds went blank as if their brains had exploded. Their faces showed anger, certainty, and an arrogant accusatory air. At that moment, like a punctured balloon, it vanished without a trace. Even for a divine contractor, this is way too exaggerated. And the other party is only 19 years old. A monster? This is This is a real monster, Elder Jeang muttered to himself, his voice filled with boundless horror. He felt his legs were going weak, and if he hadn't been holding on to the table, he probably would have fallen to the ground. He spent his entire life as a shadow artist, saw countless geniuses, and even personally trained more than one Ninstar powerhouse. But he had never seen or heard of anyone who could reach such an incredible level at the age of 19. This is no longer the work of a genius. This is monster. This is myth. This is a bug that should never exist in this world. Wongi stood at the back. Although he had a premonition, he was still surprised when he saw the document with his own eyes. He still felt as if an invisible hand was gripping his heart tightly, almost suffocating him. He now finally understood why the sevenstar windchasing silver wolf had been so terrified back then. If it were him, and he suddenly encountered such a prehistoric behemoth in human skin in the wild, he would probably run faster than that wolf. The entire lounge fell into a deathly silence. Only when Vice President Lee leisurely sipped his tea did the teacup and saucer make a crisp sound as they collided. He looked at his old friends who were completely petrified as if struck by lightning. And his smile became increasingly amused. He put down his teacup and asked with a light laugh, "How many are there? Do you still think that our other Shoreflower guild lacks martial ethics and hires old monsters to bully you?" Elder Jang and Elder Sonong Xiins faces instantly turned a deep purplish red. Awkward. An unprecedentedly embarrassing situation. They were so aggressive just moments ago and now they are in such a sorry state. Ahem um vice presidently the elder of the sword of the azure sky coughed twice trying to break the awkward atmosphere. He forced a smile that looked more like a grimace onto his old face and his tone became more polite and humble than ever before. It's a misunderstanding. It's all a misunderstanding. We We were just confused because we were worried. Ah, once in a millennium genius has emerged. It's understandable that we didn't react immediately. It's understandable, huh? Elder Jang quickly echoed, wiping the cold sweat from his forehead, his attitude undergoing a complete 180° turn. Yes. Yes. It's a misunderstanding. Purely a misunderstanding. Vice President Lee, your other Shoreflower Guild has truly been a hidden force. To have nurtured such a brilliant and talented junior is truly commendable, a cause for celebration. They no longer have the slightest hint of wanting to interrogate or accuse anyone. Faced with absolute illogical facts, their so-called heirs of being nine-star elders were utterly crushed. Joke. A 19-year-old monster with unfathomable strength. Its value and future potential can no longer be measured by common sense. The next second, as if they had reached some kind of tacid understanding, the two bowed deeply to Vice President Lee at the same time. Vice President Lee, we have a favor to ask. This sudden action startled Vice President Lee for a moment. Oh, what request? Tell me. The elder of the Azure Sky Sword raised his head, his face filled with utmost sincerity, even pleading, and said, "Vice presidently, we implore you to allow your guilds long gust. Oh no. Oh no. It's young master L Yu who has directly obtained a spot to enter the eternal secret realm. He doesn't need to participate in any further competitions." Elder Jang also hurriedly said, "That's right. With young master Lu's strength, participating in a competition of this level is far too unworthy of his talent. It's also unfair to the other participants. We all agree that he should be given a spot directly. They spoke with such sincerity and righteous indignation. Those who don't know the situation might think they are so righteous and concerned about the fairness of the competition. But Vice President Lee knew exactly what was going on. These old foxes, what are they doing this for? Trying to achieve fairness? They were clearly scared. They were worried that their own talented children would falter in the upcoming competition. If you re not careful and offend Lanu, you might get crippled by a single punch from him or it could cause psychological trauma which would be a huge loss. After all, they were the future hope of their respective guilds. To be born in the same era as a monster destined to become a myth is bad enough. If this monster were to personally extinguish their Dao heart, they would have nowhere to turn for help. Therefore, the best solution is to simply remove this powerful figure from the competition. Your strength is extraordinary. We can't afford to offend you, so we'll directly promote you to the next level. Please don't come down and play with us, mortals. Okay, this is what they truly think." Vice President Lee looked at the two old men in front of him who had been arrogant at first, but obsequious later. He chuckled inwardly, but feigned a troubled frown on his face. This isn't this a bit inappropriate? After all, these are rules jointly established by the three major guilds. Changing them so easily seems a bit. The Elder of the Sky sword was anxious. Hey, rules are rules, but people are flexible. To make an exception for a peerless genius like young master Lu, who dares to object, I'm the first to disagree. Elder Jang also patted his chest and guaranteed. That's right. Vice President, please rest assured our two families will absolutely support this matter. Seeing their impatient expressions, Vice President Lee knew that the time was almost right. He then slowly nodded and sighed. "Well, since you've all put it that way, then I'll just have to respectfully accept your offer. Thank you so much, Vice President, for your kindness." The two elders, feeling as if they had been granted a pardon, bowed deeply once again. Chapter 379. seeing my sister again. On the other side, Lanu was sitting on the steps of the square, resting with his eyes closed, completely unaware of what was happening in the lounge. He was still pondering how much force he should use in the next round of the competition. After all, it was a selection competition jointly organized by the three major guilds, and all the participants were geniuses from their respective guilds. If you hit too hard and someone, that would be really bad. Just then, a staff member rushed over, his face showing a mixture of awe and complicated emotions. Um, Mr. Longust, the staff member began cautiously. Many opened his eyes. Just now, just now, the three chief examiners jointly issued a notice. The staff member swallowed hard and said atone as if announcing a divine decree. Congratulations, you have passed all the tests and have directly obtained one of the final spots to enter the eternal secret realm. Huh. Lana was taken aback. You advanced directly. You don't need to fight anymore. Yes, no need. The staff member nodded vigorously. All right, then. Lu pursed his lips in slight regret. Well, I've lost even the chance to crush noobs. But this is good, too. It allows me to have some peace and quiet. He stood up, intending to find a place to rest and chat with Uncle Fu. What happened to the outside world and my family during the year I was missing? However, the news that Lan Yu advanced directly, exempting him from all subsequent competitions. But it was like a bombshell, causing a huge uproar among all the participants and spectators. What? They advanced directly? How can that be exactly? This is so unfair. Even if he's strong, he can't just ignore the rules, can he? It's a cover up. It's absolutely a cover up. Many geniuses who were unaware of the truth felt extremely dissatisfied and angry. However, when they saw those that came out of the forest of mythical beasts, the 29 contestants who witnessed Lanu's punch shaking the obsidian were present. When everyone remained silent, some even displaying an expression of it should be this way, they all shut their mouths again. This eerie atmosphere made them realize that things might not be as simple as they had imagined. Among all the discontented voices, one person's emotions were the most intense. He is Lyn Jinny from the Sword of the Sky Guild and is hailed as the number one sword genius of the younger generation. Lyn Jinny at only 22 years old has already reached the peak of a six-star shadow master. Born into a prestigious family, he is exceptionally talented and has crushed his peers since his debut, never suffering a defeat. He is the guild's chosen leader for the next generation, a sure thing. He has his own pride. He couldn't accept that a guy could use such a backdoor method. They took away the spots that should have belonged to these geniuses. I refused to accept this. Lyn Jyn stormed off to find the vice president of his guild. That is the ninestar elder who had previously gone to confront them. Loudly questioned. Elder, what exactly is going on? Why was that guy named Longhust able to advance without a fight? This is against the rules. The ninestar elder looked at his most prized junior with an extremely complicated expression on his face. He sighed, patted Lin Jinny on the shoulder, and said earnestly, "Jinnie, take my advice. Just leave this matter alone. This is a good thing for you and for everyone." "A good thing?" Lin Jinny was even angrier. What kind of good thing is this? This is an insult to all of us participants. Left with no other choice, he had to tell Lin Jinny the whole story. He had thought that these terrifying achievements, which were enough to defy common sense, would calm Lin Jinny down. The elder looked at him and said earnestly, "We're letting him advance directly. Not because we look down on you, but to protect you. We're worried that if he loses control on the dueling stage, your safety won't be guaranteed at all." Lyn Jinny was not in the same batch as Lu in the first round of testing. I did not witness firsthand the scene where the opponents punch shook the abyss obsidian. Therefore, to Lyn Jinny, these words were simply a fantasy. Protect us. Are you kidding me? He admitted that the long grist might be very strong, but not so strong that the elders would need to step in to protect them. That's outrageous. Lyn Jinny didn't believe it. He couldn't believe that among his peers, there could be someone so extraordinary. He wanted to see for himself. So, these words did not make him back down, but instead aroused his strongest competitive spirit and self-esteem. He insisted on going to see for himself. He was determined to personally verify just how good this so-called monster really was. Meanwhile, Lanu had already left the square and was preparing to contact Uncle Fu. He walked to a quiet corner of a corridor, but suddenly stopped because he saw a figure that was all too familiar in the distance. She was quietly leaning against the wall, a gentle smile on her face looking at him. Her long blue hair cascaded down like a waterfall, and her captivating red eyes seemed to hold the stars and the sea. It was his older sister, Luang. Sister Lanu called out, his voice filled with surprise. Xiaoyu Luwang s smile deepened. The next second, her figure flashed in place as if traversing the distance of space and instantly appeared in front of Lan Yu. The ghostly speed caused Uncle Fu, who had just arrived behind Lan Yu, to involuntarily shrink his pupils. Wow, so fast. Even with his strength as a seven-star expert, he could barely see the opponent's movements. Luwang reached out and gently stroked Lon Yus hair, then carefully looked him up and down, nodding in satisfaction. Good. He's a seven-star shadowmaster. His foundation is very solid, and his physical strength far surpasses that of other shadow masters of the same level. It seems I've grown a lot this year. I finally passed, and my worries weren't in vain. Lan Yu asked with some confusion. Sis, what are you doing here? The World Conference, is it over? Upon hearing this, Lwang waved her hand dismissively. Oh, that I logged out as soon as I heard you were back. Huh? Lonnie was taken aback. That was a top level conference that affected the entire world. You just withdrew? Luang pursed her lips and said matterof factly. Anyway, it's just a bunch of old fogies arguing back and forth, debating some trivial matters that have been debated for hundreds of years without a result. It's utterly boring. I'd rather come back and see my precious little brother. Lana was speechless. His older sister was still so capricious. He smiled and was about to take out some specialties he had brought back from the film industry from his storage space to give to his sister. Just then, an untimely voice came from the other end of the corridor. Chapter 380. The sword domain of annihilation. You are Lingus. Lan Yu and Luwang turned around at the same time. Ling Jinny was standing not far away. His eyes were sharp as swords as he stared intently at Lan Yu, his tone filled with undisguised provocation and fighting spirit. He walked over step by step and blocked Lan Yus path. Lin Jinny arrogantly raised his chin and pointed his sword at Lan Yu with the scabbard. I don't care what underhanded methods you use to get the elders to give you special treatment. Do you dare to come to the arena right now and have a fair fight with me? Lu's good mood was instantly interrupted and his brows furrowed slightly. He didn't want to pay any attention to this arrogant guy. However, Luwang, who was standing next to him, looked at Lin Jinny with great interest and then smiled at Lan Yu. Since they've come to us, let's play along. It's a good opportunity for your older sister to see just how much you've improved this year. Since his sister had spoken, Lanu naturally wouldn't refuse. Looking at Liniani, who stood before him with an arrogant expression as if the whole world owed him an explanation, he couldn't help but find it somewhat amusing. Okay. Lu nodded, agreeing readily. He was also eager to know what level of geniuses existed in this era. Very good. Seeing Lu agree, Lin Jyns fighting spirit intensified. He snorted coldly, turned around, and walked towards the arena as if afraid that Lan Yu would change his mind. Luang patted Lan Yu on the shoulder and said with a smile, "Go ahead. Don't disappoint your sister. Remember, go easy on her. Don't make her cry." Lanu smiled helplessly and followed Lin Jinny toward the arena. The news spread quickly. The mysterious newcomer Lust is going to have a public duel with Lin Jinny, the number one genius of the sky sword. This news instantly ignited the atmosphere throughout the entire base. The crowd who had just felt a bit disappointed because the selection competition had ended so abruptly suddenly became excited again. On one side is a renowned swordsmanship genius who has never been defeated. On the other side is a mysterious and terrifying newcomer who can shake obsidian with a single punch. This is simply a clash of titans, a battle of kings. In an instant, the stands around the arena were packed with people who had rushed over after hearing the news. The top leaders of the three major guilds, including the nine-star elders, also appeared on the stage, looking at the two below with different expressions. The Blazing Fist Guild and the Sky Sword looked at Lin Jinny with worry and a hint of pity in their eyes. They really didn't want to see this happen. Why won't this silly child listen to advice? Isn't he just asking for trouble? However, for young people, especially young geniuses, there are some things they wouldn't believe unless they see them with their own eyes. Meanwhile, Vice President Lee of the Red Spider Lily Association leisurely sipped his tea, a smile of anticipation on his face. Luwang, standing beside him, looked on with anticipation as if she were waiting to see a spectacular performance. On the martial arts arena, the two faced each other from a distance. Linian let out a low shout, and the shadow energy within his body exploded without reservation. A pitch black aura filled with desolation and chilling intent suddenly spread outwards from him. In the blink of an eye, a completely black independent space with a diameter of over 20 m appeared. It then enveloped a portion of himself and Lan Yu's area. In this dark space, light is distorted, sound is swallowed up, and even the air seems to become thick and oppressive. It's it's a domain. The Lin Jinny family's unique domain, the silent sword domain. In this realm, he is the invincible ruler. The power of his sword techniques will be amplified several times over, while the opponent's perception, even their six senses, will be greatly weakened and distorted. Among the other members of the family who have learned skills in this field, the diameter range usually cannot exceed 10 meters. And he was also the first genius to double the size of his domain, reaching 20 m. Rumor has it that he severely injured a seven-star expert using this technique. A thunderous cheer erupted from the stands. Feeling the amazement and praise from those around him, Lin Jinny's face regained its former arrogance and confidence. He looked at Lan Yu, who was enveloped by his sword domain. Now, do you regret it? He could almost see Lu panicking and begging for mercy in his sword domain. However, reality once again delivered a resounding slap to his face. Despite being enveloped by the silent sword domain, Lanu showed no panic or even the slightest surprise. He simply stared quietly at that small, dark area and then sighed softly. That look in his eyes was pure disappointment. That's it. The next moment, he and everyone present witnessed a scene that would be unforgettable for them and even overturned their understanding of the word power. Lanu didn't even bother to say another word. He simply lifted his foot slightly, then stomped it on the ground. There were no violent energy fluctuations, nor any earthshattering sounds. A dark domain, even deeper and purer than Linians silent sword domain, seemingly capable of devouring all light and darkness. centered on Lanu. It spread rapidly and silently, yet with an unstoppable force in all directions. The authority of gods, the corridor of shadows. That pitch black area easily broke through 50 m, 100 m, 200 m. In the blink of an eye, the entire huge arena along with most of the spectator stands was covered. And Lin Jinny's small silent sword domain, which was only 20 meters in diameter, was also enveloped and swallowed up before the vast and boundless darkness of the corridor of shadows. Lin Jinny's proud, silent sword domain is like a small boat in a vast ocean or an inconspicuous puddle. There wasn't even a chance to struggle. It happened the instant they made contact. Completely swallowed up, assimilated, and dissolved without even a ripple. Lyn Jin stood there stunned. He could clearly feel the connection between himself and the silent sword domain. It was brutally severed by an irresistible force from a higher dimension. His own unique skill which he was so proud of. In front of the other party, she was as vulnerable as a toddler who had just learned to walk, taunting a fully armed adult man. No, it's not even a copy. That's a power from a completely different dimension. The arrogant expression on his face froze completely, then slowly turned into a blank stare and confusion. and finally utter collapse and despair. His worldview was shattered completely by that endless darkness at that moment. Chapter 381. This kind of naive young master is the easiest to fool. The battle in the arena ended faster than anyone had imagined. It couldn't even be called a battle. It was more like a dimensional reduction attack. When Lanu retracted the shadow corridor, the entire arena had already returned to calm as if nothing had happened. Only the one in the center of the field looked lost and listless, his eyes lifeless. Lyn Jinny kept muttering, "Impossible. This can't be real." This proves that the subversive scene just now really happened. His most prized swordsmanship was shattered by Lan Yu in the simplest and most brutal way. Perhaps he can pick up a sword again in the future, but he can never go back to the self that was fearless and had a clear mind about swordsmanship. Lan Yu didn't feel much about the result. He just found it a bit boring. on the platform. Luang nodded in satisfaction. Afterwards, Lan Yu and his sister went to the lounge. Lan Yu chatted with his sister about his experiences in the film industry over the past year. Luang sat quietly to the side, listening. We were talking for a while. Luang waved her hand, setting up a soundproof barrier before speaking. Your current strength is already sufficient. It's time to start fulfilling your duties as a candidate for the pillar of the Lawn family. Lana was somewhat puzzled. a candidate for pillar. Sister, don't you know too? I'm just like you. I have absolutely no interest in those power struggles within the family. Sister, why do you insist that I compete for that pillar position? In his view, the so-called pillar was nothing more than a name that sounded nicer. He's just a highle thug bound by his family. Luang looked at him, shook her head, and her expression was more solemn than ever before. I'm asking you to fight for it. Not for power nor for the family, for your own sake. Her voice was very low, as if she were telling a huge secret. It's because only by becoming a pillar of the Lawn family can one achieve this. Only you are qualified to access the greatest secret of our Lawn family and even the world. The path to becoming a demagod. A demagod? Lanus heart skipped a beat. This was the first time he had heard clear information about this realm from someone else. Blue frost nodded. That's right. The first patriarch of our lawn family was once a being who was almost a god. Before his fall, he sealed the path to the demigod realm within the core of the lawn family's heritage in a special way. He placed an extremely powerful restriction on this secret. Only the recognized pillar level powerhouses of each generation are qualified to interpret and comprehend it. Even I cannot tell you the contents of this secret directly. Hearing this, Lu finally understood his sister's good intentions. I understand, sister. Wu nodded. Seeing that Lu had made up his mind. Lwang smiled with relief. She said, "Very good. The secret realm will open next month, so don't be idle during this time. I've already picked out a family mission for you, so take advantage of this time to complete it." She handed a document to Lu. Mission location, Silver Star City. Mission objective, the Xiao family, a subordinate faction of the Lawn family. Mission objective. Investigate and rectify a series of corruption issues involving collusion between the Xiao family's top brass and local underworld forces, embezzlement of family assets, and illegal transactions. Any means necessary may be employed. Lanu looked at the contents of the document. Since it was her older sister who chose the task for her, she didn't need to be picky. Lanu spoke calmly. Okay, I'll take this task. On the other side, Silverstar City, Xiao family mansion. As one of the many affiliated forces of the Lawn family, whether it's the overt business empire or the covert gray areas, the Xiao family's influence is undeniable. At this moment, the atmosphere in the most luxurious council hall of the Xiao family manor was rather heavy. At the head of the table, a middle-aged man with a square face and an imposing presence spoke in a deep voice. Tell me, what does it mean that the master suddenly sent someone over? The person who spoke was Xiao Tian, the current head of the Xiao family. Below sat seven or eight core members of the Xiao family. These people are all big shots in Silverstar City, whose mere presence can cause a stir. A middle-aged man with a mustache and shrewd eyes sneered. What else could it mean? We've been making some rather big moves lately. I guess the main family heard something and sent someone to give us a warning. This man's name is Xiao Dong and he is a representative of a collateral branch of the Xiao family. He is also the person in charge of external business within the family. To put it bluntly, they are responsible for dealing with those shady gray market industries. Another obese man with a face full of fat, said in a muffled voice, "Knock on me. I think you're just here to smear me. His name is Xiaoai. He is in charge of the family security forces and employs a large number of shadow puppeteers. He has the most volatile temper. Xiao Tinong frowned and raised his hand to stop the crowd's discussion. Stop arguing everyone. Tell me, who did the master send this time? What's their background? What's their strength? That's the key point. The relationship between the dependent family and the main family has always been delicate. We must rely on the prestige and resources of our master, but we must also guard against being overly exploited and infiltrated by him. thin man in charge of intelligence stood up and respectfully reported. Patriarch, we have found out that the person sent by the main family this time is named Lanu. He is a member of the younger generation of the Lawn family. As for other information such as what his contracted spirit is, the Lawn family seems to be intentionally concealing it. Very little can be found out, but we know that this person is not very old and seems to be under 20 years old, not even 20 years old. Upon hearing this age, the atmosphere in the council chamber instantly relaxed. The initial somnity and worry vanished in an instant. Ziao Tai was the first to burst into laughter, his voice filled with undisguised contempt. Haha, I thought it was some big shot, but it turns out he's just a kid. Ziao Dong stroked his mustache, a knowing and mocking glint in his eyes. Not even 20 years old. Hey, I get it. Isn't this the usual trick of those big shots in the main family? Find a young man with no background. Send him down to gain experience and guild his resume so that he can be promoted when he goes back. His words immediately resonated with everyone present. Yes, they've seen this kind of thing many times. In large families, there are always some children who are not particularly talented but still want to climb the social ladder. Direct promotion is unlikely to win over the public. The best approach is to demote the individual to the territory of a subordinate family. Just give someone a random post and meddle in some trivial matters. After staying for a year or two, you'll have grassroots work experience on your resume, which will make things easier when you go back. In their eyes, Lu was clearly just a gilded young master sent there to go through the motions. What could a greenhorn like him possibly know? He probably can't even read an account book. Exactly. The Master family really looks down on our Xiao family, sending something like this to humiliate us. I think this is actually a good thing. These naive young masters are the easiest to fool. Just give him some benefits and arrange a few beautiful women and he'll be so happy he'll forget he even came here. Why is chapter 382 silent? The council chamber was filled with a cheerful atmosphere. The group began discussing how to entertain the upcoming Imperial envoy. In their eyes, Lu was no longer a threat, but a spoiled brat who could be manipulated at will and even used for amusement. Ziao Dongs eyes darted around, a sinister smile creeping onto his lips. He addressed the crowd. Everyone, it would be too easy on him to just fool him and let him go through the motions. Since our master wants to give us a warning, we can't just leave without doing anything. He paused, lowering his voice slightly. In my opinion, we need to give him a taste of his own medicine. Let him know whose territory Silverstar City really is. Let him understand that some things are not for a greenhorn like him to meddle in. Nor are they things he can control. Security Captain Xiao Tai slammed his hand on the table and excitedly echoed. That's right. We need to teach him a lesson. Let him know who he is. Ziao Tinong pondered for a moment and finally nodded slowly. Although he was more composed than these people, his inner thoughts were the same. The Xiao family has been operating in In City for hundreds of years and has long since developed their own arrogance. He also couldn't accept having a young man under 20 years old writing on his head. Xiao Tinyong made the final decision. All right, let's do it this way. The long, you'll be in charge of the welcome banquet. Remember, you need to give him a nudge, but don't make things too tense. Just let him back down. After all, they are from the host family, so we have to save face. Xiao Dong smiled confidently. Rest assured, patriarch, don't you trust me to handle things? I guarantee this young master will come happily and leave with his tail between his legs and won't dare utter a single word about it when he gets back. Two days later, Lan Yu and Uncle Fu arrived in Silverstar City through the Shadowchi wormhole. The Xiao family sent an extremely luxurious motorcade to pick up the two and take them to the Xiao family manor with the highest level of etiquette. At night, the manor was brightly lit and a grand welcoming banquet was being held. Lanu sat in the main seat expressionless as he watched the lively scene of singing, dancing, and clinking glasses below, standing quietly after several rounds of drinks and five courses of food. Xiao Dong, holding a wine glass and smiling broadly, walked up to Lan Yu, "Young Master Lawn, you must be tired from your long journey. On behalf of the Xiao family, I raise a toast to you." He downed his drink in one gulp, then said in a seemingly affectionate manner, "Young Master Lon is so young, yet he is so highly regarded by the family and entrusted with such important responsibilities. He is truly a promising young man with a limitless future." Lanu merely glanced at him indifferently without saying a word or touching the wine glass in front of him. Being ignored like this, Zhaoongs smile froze for a moment, but he quickly regained his composure. He knew that most science of such prominent families were somewhat arrogant, but that was no problem. He cleared his throat, changed the subject, and raised his voice a few decibels to ensure that most of the people present could hear him. He said earnestly, "However, young master lawn, you are still young, and there are many things you may not understand. Our city of Silverstar is a very complex place. Many things are intertwined and not as simple as they seem on the surface. Your main purpose in coming here is to rest and enjoy yourself. If you need anything for food, drink, or entertainment, just let us know. The Xiao family will make sure you're well taken care of. He drawled out the words, his tone carrying a hidden meaning as he chuckled. As for those trivial family matters, these are all trivial matters, so please don't bother with them. We servants can handle this ourselves. If you interfere and things go wrong, it could damage the relationship between the master and our Xiao family, which would be bad, wouldn't it? These words were spoken so meticulously that they appeared to be entirely for Lanu's benefit. And warning in his words were no longer concealed. You're just a little kid here to get your resume polished. Mind your own business. Eat, drink, have fun, and get out of here. That way, everyone will look good. If you dare to reach out and do anything, don't blame us for being impolite. Haha, Dong is right. Young Master Lawn should enjoy himself. That's right. That's right. There are so many fun places in Silverstar City. We've arranged everything for you. The Xiao family's high-ranking members around immediately echoed this sentiment, each with a smile of anticipation on their face. However, Lan Yus reaction completely exceeded his expectations. Faced with this almost blatant provocation, Lan Yus face remained expressionless. He didn't even glance at Zhao Dong again, but simply put down his chopsticks. Then he moved. Just as Xiao Dong finished speaking, he thought his show of force had completely subdued the situation. Get ready to witness Lon Yu's embarrassed expression. A pitch black light appeared out of nowhere, catching everyone offg guard. It was a crescent moon. A crescent moon no bigger than the palm of your hand, yet condensed to the extreme, seemingly formed from the purest dark matter. Dark Moon Dragon Blade. Its appearance caused no energy fluctuations and made no sound. It flashed past Ziao Dongs neck so abruptly at a speed that exceeded the limits of visual perception. Quick, extremely fast. The smug smile on Ziao Dongs face hadn't even had time to fade. It was fast approaching everyone present, including the formidable Xiao family shadow puppeteers and guards. They only felt something flash before their eyes, and then nothing happened. Time seemed to have been paused at that moment. The banquet hall remained as noisy and lively as it had been a moment before. The songstresses continued to sing. The dancers continued to twirl and the guests continued to toast and drink. Only the small area in front of Lan Yu was enveloped in an eerie silence. Ziao Dong maintained the posture of holding a wine glass and leaning forward. His smile remained bright, his eyes filled with contempt for Lan Yu and amusement at the prospect of a good show. He seemed to feel nothing at all. Why? Why aren't you saying anything? Young Master Lawn, are you scared out of your wits by us? Ziao Tai and the others, seeing that Lanu remained silent, assumed he was frightened and burst into laughter. However, their laughter stopped abruptly the next second because they saw that thin spiderweb like blood red lines suddenly appeared on Zhao Dongs body. These lines of blood started from his neck and quickly spread throughout his body, precisely dividing his body into seven or eight parts. Well, the smile on Xiao Dongs face finally froze. Chapter 383 is coming soon. The sparkle in his eyes faded like the tide, replaced by endless bewilderment and fear. He lowered his head as if trying to see what had happened to his body, but he no longer had the chance. Splash! A chilling cracking sound rang out. Ziao Dongs body, like a shattered piece of porcelain, disintegrated under his own gaze. The body, precisely cut into eight pieces, could no longer maintain its original shape, and along with its magnificent robes, it scattered. Hot blood gushed out like a fountain, mixed with colorful internal organs and bone fragments. The spilled liquid covered the expensive rosewood table in front of Lanu, and also splashed all over the faces and heads of several gloating Xiao family executives nearby. The intense smell of blood instantly overwhelmed all the aromomas of wine and food in the banquet hall, frantically filling everyone s nostrils. The world fell silent. The singing stopped, the dancing ceased, and the clamor abruptly ceased. They stared wideeyed, dumbfounded at the bloody, horrific, and utterly incomprehensible scene before them. Dead. A high-ranking member of the Xiao family who wielded immense power in In City just like that died to be chopped into eight pieces in front of everyone without a word. What? What on earth happened? Everyone's mind went blank, completely unable to process the information that had overturned their understanding, especially Xiaoai, the fat guy who was just loudly mocking Lan Yu. A few drops of warm, fishy smelling liquid splashed onto his face. He instinctively reached up to wipe it away. And when he looked at it, he saw it was blood. Ah, murder. He killed someone. Screamed and shoved like frightened birds, trying to escape the banquet hall that had turned into a scene of carnage. The scene instantly descended into chaos. Meanwhile, those high-ranking members of the Xiao family who had just been echoing Xiao Dong and preparing to see Lanu make a fool of himself. At this moment, their faces were ashen and their bodies were trembling like leaves. Amid the chaos, Lu remained calmly seated. He seemed oblivious to the screams and panic around him, simply reaching out and slowly wiping the blood off his body with a clean white handkerchief. Then he casually tossed the handkerchief on the ground, and his gaze fell on Uncle Fu, who stood beside him like a sculpture from head to toe. "Uncle Fu," he spoke calmly. "This old servant is here." Uncle Fu bowed slightly, his voice steady, as if the bloody scene just now was just an illusion. read aloud his crimes. Yes, young master. Uncle Fu understood and took out a document from his pocket. He ignored the chaos around him and the terrified looks in the eyes of the Xiao family's high-ranking members who were slumped on the ground. Recited aloud in a flat emotionless tone. Xiao Dong, a member of a collateral branch of the Xiao family, serves as the general manager of external affairs in Aning City. Criminal charge one, colluding with seven underground organizations, including the Mad Shark Gang and the Black Snake Society, to embezzle a total of 37 billion yuan of assets allocated by the Lawn family for personal enrichment. Criminal charge two, abusing his position to open an underground casino and engage in illegal lending, forcing 27 families into bankruptcy, nine of whom committed suicide. Criminal charge three, involvement in human trafficking, dealing with black market merchants in the film industry, trafficking people, most of whom are innocent civilians. With each charge read out by Uncle Fu, the faces of everyone present grew paler. After Uncle Fu finished reading, Lan Yus icy gaze fell on his accompllices, who were already terrified out of their wits. Does anyone here have any objections to these charges? No one dared to answer at this moment. The perception of Lan Yu by all the surviving high-ranking members of the Xiao family finally underwent a complete transformation from a spoiled brat who can be manipulated at will to a demon god who holds the power of life and death. They finally understood this is the real show of force. It wasn't about threatening with words or intimidating with force. Instead, it tells you in the most direct, bloodiest, and undeniable way. I'm not here to discuss things with you nor to negotiate with you. I'm here to deliver the verdict. Your sins and your lives are all in my hands. Just as Uncle Fu finished reading all the charges, the entire banquet hall fell into a deathly silence with only the heavy breathing of the crowd remaining. An untimely, crisp electronic notification tone suddenly rang out. Ding-dong. The source of the sound was Xiao Dongs personal terminal, which was scattered in a pool of blood. The screen lights up, clearly displaying the content of a newly received text message. Cinder black snake content. Old Xiao. Did you guys get things sorted out over there? Did you give that lawn kid a hard time? My idea was pretty good, right? Come to our usual spot sometime and tell us what happened. The text message that lit up was like a blinding bolt of lightning, cleaving through the frozen air in the banquet hall. Everyone's eyes were instinctively drawn to that small screen. Lanu slowly stood up, ignoring the terrified and fearful gazes around him and walked step by step to the Xiao family executive who was slumped on the ground. That person was one of the high-ranking members of the Xiao family named Ziao Chimiing. Unlike Ziao Dong, he was responsible for managing the Xiao family's public assets. Lan Yus shadow loomed overhoiing. Ziao Chiing was trembling violently and a strong smell of urine was coming from beneath him. He raised his head and looked at the young man in front of him who seemed like a demon god. His teeth were chattering uncontrollably, and he couldn't even utter a word of begging for mercy. He felt as if he were facing not a person, but a bottomless abyss of darkness that could swallow him up at any moment. The usual place, where is that? Lan Yus voice was soft and flat, devoid of any emotion. Yet, it struck Ziao Chimis heart like a cold hammer. I I don't know. I don't know anything. Xiao Chiming subconsciously wanted to deny it. However, when his gaze met Lon used dark, inky pupils, all the lies and sophistry were shattered in an instant. He could see no emotion in those eyes, only a pure, indifferent coldness. He had no doubt that if he uttered even one more word of nonsense, he would suffer the same fate as Xiao Dong on the ground. A strong will to survive instantly overwhelmed all fear and so-called loyalty. Xiao Chiming, tears streaming down his face, almost screamed as he shouted, "I'll talk. I'll talk." The old place is Fallen Paradise. It's an underground nightclub in the west of a city. It's the hideout where Black Snake and his gang of underground leaders often meet. He was like a drowning person grasping at a straw, pouring out his grievances like beans spilling from a bamboo tube. He revealed everything he knew, fearing that if he spoke even half a second too slowly, he would be killed on the spot by the demon god before him. "Very good," Lonu nodded, seemingly satisfied with his answer. He ignored this cowardly good for nothing. He bent down and picked up Ziao Dongs still lit personal terminal from the pool of blood. He glanced at the arrogant text message and tapped the screen lightly with his finger. Then, using the identity of the deceased Xiao Dong, he replied, "I'll be there soon." Then Lonu looked at the others and tossed the list of all the guilty members of their families which Uncle Fu had collected into the passageway. I need you to take care of all the people on the list while I'm away. If I don't see a satisfactory result when I come back, then I'll deal with the entire Xiao family. After saying that, he stopped looking at the desparing expressions on everyone's faces. He turned and walked out of the banquet hall. Uncle Fu, holding a black cane followed silently behind him. The two walked one after the other through the chaotic crowd and disappeared into the night. Chapter 384. Cleaning. On the other side, in the western part of Silverstar City, inside a luxurious private room on the top floor of an underground nightclub called Fallen Paradise. The atmosphere was incredibly lively. Deafening music, dazzling lights, and an atmosphere of extravagance filled the air with a mixture of expensive cigars and fine wines. On the huge sofa in the center of the private room, seven well-dressed, arrogant young people sat crookedly. They are the sons of the leaders of the seven major underground organizations in Silverstar City and are veritable princelings of the underground world. At that moment, they were embracing scantily clad beauties while raising their wine glasses and laughing loudly and unrestrainedly. A young man with dyed blonde hair and numerous earrings laughed and asked, "Haha, black snake, did you send that text message? That old fox from the Xiao family. He wouldn't be too afraid to make a move, would he? His name is Wong Hu, and he is the son of the leader of the Mad Shark gang. The one known as Black Snake, was a young man with sinister eyes and a cold smile that always lingered on his lips. He was the one who just texted Xiao along. His real name is Lii, and he is the only son of the leader of the Black Snake Society. Lii swirled the wine cup in his hand and said disdainfully, "Don't worry, Ziao Dong is greedy and suspicious by nature." "We painted such a big picture for him and pointed out that the lawn family kid might cut off his source of income, but he was even more eager than us to get rid of that kid." Another fat young man with a face full of scars chimed in. "That's right. So, what if it's the Lawn family? They're far from the emperor's reach. In Silverstar City, aren't we the ones who call the shots? A greenhorn who's not even 20 years old probably hasn't even seen blood. If the Xiao family bastards just scare him a little, wouldn't he be running away with his tail between his legs? Haha. I bet that kid will be crying and begging for his mother in less than 3 days. 3 days? You're giving him way too much credit. I bet he'll apply for a transfer first thing tomorrow morning. Another burst of even more arrogant laughter erupted from inside the private room. In their eyes, the so-called Lawn family is nothing more than a distant and vague symbol. And Lan Yu, this Imperial envoy they had never met. More than anything, he is a tool that can be used to amuse himself and demonstrate his power. They grew up in the underworld where they were influenced by what they saw and heard, and they believed in the power of fists and strength. They inherently despise and look down on people like Lanu, who comes from a wealthy family and is considered a greenhouse flower. They simply could not imagine or comprehend what terrifying power a 19-year-old could possess. In their understanding, a shadow artist of this age who has the strength of four or five stars is already a genius. As for those with strength at the fourth or fifth star level, they have the support of their family's power. Compared to the princlings, who are constantly accompanied by six-star powerhouses as bodyguards, they are nothing. Lii glanced at his personal terminal, a smile playing on his lips. It's all settled," Old Xiao replied, saying, "I'llll be there soon. It seems they've got things done and are ready to come and claim credit with us." Wonggh, whose eyes lit up. "Oh, so fast. Bring him over here. I want to hear what kind of cowardly young master of the Lawn family was when he wet his pants in fear." The crowd burst into laughter again, their words filled with utter contempt for Lan Yu and the Lawn family. However, just when they were laughing the most, and the atmosphere was at its most enthusiastic, an indescribable, chilling, and terrifying aura suddenly surged into the entire private room like a tidal wave. The moment we made contact, the deafening music from inside the private room. It was as if an invisible hand had grabbed my throat, bringing me to an abrupt halt. The noise and heatwave were frozen in an instant. The temperature in the entire private room suddenly dropped to freezing. The smiles on the faces of the princlings, who were laughing arrogantly just a second ago, instantly froze. They felt as if they had been thrown into an ancient ice cave, and a shiver from the depths of their souls instantly dispelled the effects of the alcohol. The shadow energy within their bodies even stopped circulating under this terrifying pressure as if it had been frozen. Wh What happened? Wongghs voice was trembling. There are experts outside. There are experts outside. Li's face was ashen. He felt it most clearly. This pressure was even more terrifying than when his father, who was at the peak of the seventh star, unleashed his full power. Just then, boom! A loud bang! The box door made of a special alloy, was strong enough to withstand rocket attacks. In an instant, it was shattered into dust by an invisible and terrifying force. Amidst flying metal shards, several mutilated corpses lay. He was thrown in from outside and landed heavily at the feet of the princlings. Upon closer inspection, they recognized the bodyguards, several of whom were six-star level shadow masters whom they had left outside the door. At this moment, these powerful figures who usually flaunted their might in front of them were as dead as tattered sacks. All the princlings were dumbfounded, staring blankly at the doorway. Amidst the swirling dust, a tall, slender figure, bathed in the pale moonlight of the corridor slowly walked in. The newcomer had short blue hair and an indifferent expression. His eyes were so cold that they were devoid of any human emotion. It was as if a god was looking down on a group of lowly ants, or rather looking at a group of inanimate objects. The moment they saw who it was, Lii Wong Hu, and the others pupils suddenly contracted to the size of pinpoints. Although they had never met Lanu, they could tell from his unbelievably young face. From his signature blue hair, the person's identity is already obvious. Lanu, that hot head from the Lawn family, whom they ridiculed and regarded as a coward. But how is this possible? Shouldn't he be trembling with fear at the Xiao family's banquet? How did he end up here? And then there were the six-star bodyguards at the door, their eyes wide open in death, and the terrifying pressure that made it hard for them to even breathe. One question after another, which overturned their understanding, exploded in their minds like thunderclaps. They shattered their innate sense of superiority and arrogance. One second you're in heaven, the next you're in hell. The stark contrast and the sole deep fear completely shut down their minds. Who the hell are you? After a brief silence, Wong Hu, looking fierce but actually weak, jumped up from the sofa, pointed at Lan Yu, and roared at the top of his lungs. He tried to use this method to cover up his inner fear, but his violently trembling voice completely betrayed him. Lu did not answer him. He had no interest in saying a single word about a group of beings that were about to disappear. He simply looked quietly at the group of princelings who had just been mocking him and then slowly raised his right hand. There were no flashy moves nor any impressive aura. He simply snapped his fingers lightly. Smack. A soft sound. The next moment, centered on Lanu, a pitch black realm emerged, deeper than the night itself, seemingly capable of swallowing all light and darkness. Silently, yet with an unstoppable force, it instantly enveloped the entire private room. The authority of gods, the corridor of shadows. Chapter 385. Who hurt you like this? In this absolute darkness, everyone's five senses. And even this sixth sense that only highle shadow masters can awaken. Instantly fell into extreme chaos. Uh, my eyes. I can't see. What's that sound? Help. Who's speaking? Don't touch me. Get away. However, this is just the beginning. Just as everyone was thrown into chaos, Lanu activated his second ability. Divine authority and power, reign of corrosion. In the pitch black sky, drops of dark green rain began to fall. These raindrops, seemingly gentle, contained the terrifying power of the god of poison. Ah, my face. My face. A drop of green rainwater splashed on one of their faces. The next second, his skin looked like a wax figure that had been splashed with highly concentrated sulfuric acid. It began to melt and rot at a speed visible to the naked eye, making a sizzling sound, and in the blink of an eye, the stark white bones were revealed. This horrific scene became the final straw that broke the camels back. A devil? He's a devil. Help! I don't want to die. Desperate cries echoed through the pitch black realm. Those princlings, who usually acted arrogantly and doineeringly, were now completely devastated. They fled in terror, but could not escape the darkness. They could only watch helplessly as their bodies were slowly corroded and melted by the eerie green ring. Lanu showed no pity for these scumbags whose hands were stained with the blood of innocent people. Less than 10 seconds, the screams inside the private room gradually subsided. The shadow corridors slowly dissipated, revealing the original scene inside the private room. However, the private room had now become a living hell. On the ground lay more than a dozen corpses, their bodies so corroded they were unrecognizable, emitting a nauseating stench. However, amidst this mountain of corpses and sea of blood, one person miraculously survived. It's Wong Hoo. He was slumped on the sofa, his whole body enveloped in a faint golden light. It was this layer of light that shielded him from the corrosive ring. Hanging from his chest was a broken bronze fragment, no bigger than a fingernail. That golden light emanated from this fragment. Fragments of mythical relics. In Lanu's mind, Nithog's slightly surprised voice rang out. I never expected to see something like this in a place like this. Although it is only the most insignificant fragment, the divinity it contains is enough to withstand a lowintensity divine attack. A strange light flashed in Lan Yus eyes. He slowly walked up to Wong Hu, who was already pale with fright and trembling like a leaf. Wongghu looked up at the devil, walking towards him step by step, and his crotch was instantly soaked with sweat. He opened his mouth, wanting to beg for mercy, but due to extreme fear, he could only make a horse sound. He watched helplessly as Lu walked up to him. Then he squatted down, revealing a chilling smile on his face. "Are you afraid of death?" Lan Yu patted his face, his voice soft yet like a devil's whisper. Wonggh nodded frantically, his face covered in tears and snot. Very good. Lan Yus smile deepened. I'll give you a chance to live. He extended a finger and slowly touched Wong Husse forehead. Divine authority ability, divine authority burst. Launch. A pure and violent surge of shadow energy was forcibly injected into Wong Husse fingertips. This power did not destroy him immediately, but rather like an activated seed, it lurked within the core of his shadow energy. He was transformed into an extremely unstable theocratic bomb that could explode at any moment. Lanu spoke calmly. "If your father can discover the abnormality in you and remove it, you can survive." Wong who could feel a terrifying power capable of destroying everything surging wildly within his body. "While W." He looked at Lan Yu in horror, not understanding why the other party would do this. Go back. Lanu withdrew his finger, stood up, looked down at him, and spoke indifferently. Tell your father and all the trash in Silver Star City that your days of arrogance are over. Wong Hu was stunned for a moment. Then his eyes burst with wild joy. Did he let me go? He actually let me go. Although he didn't know what the other person had done to his body, his survival instinct prevented him from thinking about it too much. He scrambled off the sofa and using both hands and feet, frantically fled out of the private room. He wants to go home. He wants to find his father. Only when he was by his father's side, who was at the peak of the seven stars realm, could he feel a sense of security. Watching Wong, whose disheveled retreating figure, a cold sneer flashed in Lanus eyes. The Mad Shark Gang, a massive fortress located in the port area, converted from an old warehouse. At this moment, on the top floor of the fortress, gang leader Wong Batian was pacing back and forth anxiously, his face filled with anger. You damn fools. Still haven't made contact? He roared at his men. Wong Batian was a bald, muscular man over 2 m tall with a hideous scar on his face. He is not only the leader of the Mad Shark gang, but also a powerful Sevenstar Peak Shadowmaster. Normally, he was the undisputed ruler of the underworld in Silver Star City, and no one dared to mess with him. But today, he felt more agitated than ever before. His beloved son, Wong, Hu, has been unreachable ever since he went out at night to fool around with his group of cronies. They sent people to search Fallen Paradise, only to find that it had been raised to the ground with nothing but corpses and ruins left. An ominous premonition settled over him. Help, boss. We still we still can't get in touch with the young master. A subordinate answered tremblingly. Wong Batian kicked over the table next to him, shattering the documents and wine bottles on the floor. Useless. A bunch of useless trash. Keep searching. Even if you have to turn the entire city of Silver Star upside down, find him. Just as he was flying into a rage. Bang. The conference room door was suddenly kicked open from the outside. A figure covered in blood and looking dazed rushed in, stumbling and crawling. A devil? He's a devil. The newcomer was none other than the young master Wong Hu. But at this moment, he no longer had any of the arrogance of a princling. He was dressed in rags, covered in blood. His eyes were lifeless, and he kept repeating the same sentence as if his mind had completely collapsed. Wong Batian lunged forward and roared. Tell me, what happened? Who hurt you like this? Chapter 386. That's why we six families need to unite. After being yelled at like that, Wong, whose cloudy eyes seemed to regain a sliver of clarity. He looked at Wong Batian, who was standing close at hand, and then at the elite thugs of the mad shark gang around him. A strange smile suddenly appeared on his face. "It's the lawn, a member of the Lawn family." Wong Batian frowned, sensing that things were getting increasingly wrong. He was about to ask something else. Sudden he felt an extremely terrifying and violent energy fluctuation emanating from the hand he was holding which was gripping Wongghs hand. This energy like a supernova about to explode was completely activated the moment it came into contact with Wong Husse. Not good. Warning bells rang in Wong Bashan's mind and a deadly sense of crisis instantly swept over his entire body. Without thinking, he was about to throw Wong Hu out of his hand. But it was too late. The divine authority burst, left behind by Lon Yu was touched by the shadow energy of Wong Batian, a peak sevenstar expert. It was like a spark falling into a powder keg, instantly triggering the final detonation. Wong, who looked at his body in horror, he saw his skin begin to swell rapidly like a balloon with devastating golden cracks appearing. Emerging from within his body, it emitted a light powerful enough to incinerate everything. Father, save me. Instinctively, he let out his last desperate cry into the air. Then, boom! Terrifying roar loud enough to shatter eardrums and resound throughout the night sky of Silverstar City exploded from the top floor of the Mad Shark Gang s headquarters building. There was no fire, no shock wave. There was only a pure all-consuming golden light. The light, like a small sun, suddenly shone in the darkness, illuminating the entire port area as bright as day. Mad Shark Gang constructed from special reinforced concrete couldn't withstand even a second of this golden light. Just like snow under the sun, it silently and rapidly decomposes, vaporizes, and disappears from top to bottom. Wong Baton and his elite sevenstar and six-star subordinates were inside the fortress. Before they could even let out a scream, they were engulfed by this terrifying power originating from the destructive divine authority. Their bodies and souls were wiped out, leaving not a trace of ashes. The golden light came quickly and went quickly. It took no more than 3 seconds. When the light faded, the port area where the Mad Shark Gang headquarters once stood was revealed. Like pit over 100 m in diameter, bottomless with smooth mirror-like edges. It was as if there had never been a fortress there, nor had there ever been a mad shark gang. The massive explosion created a small mushroom cloud that slowly rose into the night sky. The deafening roar and the blinding light that illuminated half the city in an instant startled everyone in Silverstar City. Countless people were awakened from their sleep, looking in horror toward the port area, not knowing what had happened. For the underworld of Silverstar City, this night was destined to be a sleepless one. The Mad Shark gang was raised to the ground and that its leader Wong Batian along with his core members were completely wiped out overnight. Underground world of Silverstar City with unprecedented intensity. The remaining six leaders of the underground forces held the most urgent and confidential secret meeting overnight. The meeting was no longer held in any luxurious clubhouse, but in an abandoned air raid shelter on the outskirts of the city. Under the dim light, six big shots in Silverstar City could make the ground tremble with a stomp of their feet. At this moment, everyone's face was deathly pale, and their eyes were filled with lingering fear and horror. The atmosphere in the conference room was extremely oppressive, deathly silent, except for the heavy breathing of the group. Tell me, tell me, what should we do now? Finally, the oldest looking man broke the silence with a horse voice. He was the leader of the Green Bamboo gang and the most senior among the six. A hot-teered one-eyed man slammed his fist on the table, but his voice betrayed no ferocity. Instead, it was filled with a hollow, fearful glint in his eyes. What can we do? What else can we do to wipe out the mad shark gang overnight? Is this something a human could do? Even an eight-star expert couldn't accomplish something like this. Who exactly is he? How could the Lawn family send out such a such a mad man? Panic spread rapidly among the six people like a plague. They've spent their whole lives in the underworld. What kind of storms haven't they weathered? Murder, arson, and gang warfare are commonplace for them, but they have never felt so powerless and desperate as they do today. The opponent's strength was far beyond their comprehension. That's not even a power of the same dimension. Faced with that kind of power, their pride in their influence, wealth, and manpower all seem like a joke. A middle-aged man who remained calm throughout, wore glasses, and appeared to be a refined gentleman, said in a cold voice, "What's the use of wailing at a funeral, "Now is not the time to investigate who he is, but to think about how we will survive. His name was Zhaoan, and he was the leader of the Wanha Society, known for his resourcefulness and wisdom. Judging from the current situation, he will definitely not let us go. Sitting here and waiting to die will only lead to our demise. Our only way to survive now is to unite and kill him at all costs. The oneeyed man felt as if he had heard the biggest joke in the world. Kill him. Joan, are you insane? What are we going to use to kill them? Send people to their deaths. Joan pushed up his glasses, a ruthless glint flashing in his eyes. A head-on confrontation is a sure way to die. However, even the strongest person is still just a human being, and humans have weaknesses. If the open approach doesn't work, we can try the covert one, he lowered his voice and said, enunciating each word clearly. We can send in assassins. Let's go and fetch shadowless for the assassin. The moment the word shadowless was uttered, everyone present gasped in shock. The shadowless is a top tier assassin organization in the entire East Asian region. Rumor has it that as long as you can afford the price, they dare to assassinate even an eight-star expert and with an extremely high success rate. Please, Shadowless, that's an astronomical price. The leader of the Green Bamboo Gang frowned. Besides, would they even take on such a hot potato? Zhaoan said decisively. That's why we six need to unite. We provide the assassins with the most detailed intelligence and create the perfect opportunity for the assassination. I refuse to believe that he can survive an assassination attempt by a top tier assassin. Zhaoin's words were like a shot of adrenaline, rekindling a glimmer of hope in the eyes of the previously desparing crowd. Chapter 387. Smooth sailing. Yes, we can't win in a direct confrontation. But what about assassination? No matter how powerful you are, can you always guard against a fatal attack from the shadows? Okay, let's do it this way. I'll fight him to the death. I agree. Even if it costs a lot of money, we have to kill him. Under the threat of death, the six bigwigs quickly reached an agreement. They decided to risk everything and launched this final and most frantic counterattack. However, there was a man sitting in the corner who remained silent from beginning to end, his face unusually pale. But he quietly lowered his head, his fingers flying across his personal terminal, rapidly operating something. His name is Lee San and he is the vice president of the triads, one of the six major powers. Unlike the others, he had no thought of resistance at this moment, only endless fear and relief. Because he knows a secret that no one else knows. Lean has a distant cousin who is a squad leader in the Blazing Fist guild, one of the three major guilds. Just a few days ago, his cousin sent him a video and a message in a mysterious way. The information is, "Brother, this is terrible. We saw a monster today battling the eight-star elite phantom during the other Shoreflower Guilds assessment. Although the video was blurry and only a dozen seconds long, Lean still saw it clearly. How did that blue-haired youth managed to force Phantom back with a single move? And how did he manage to fight an eight-star powerhouse to a standstill? At the time, Lean thought it was just a strange and unusual story. And after the initial shock, he didn't take it too seriously. But just now when he saw the photo of the young man who had massacred fallen paradise handed over by his men, he was stunned. He picked up the photo with his left hand and opened the video again with his right. That's right, exactly the same. Whether it's that signature blue hair or that excessively young face as that monster in the video who dared to fight an eightstar powerhouse headon. The moment this fact was confirmed, Lean was terrified. He finally understood what kind of being he, or rather the entire underworld of Silverst Star City, had provoked. Go against this monster. No matter what kind of assassin you invite, they'll probably just be sent to their deaths. In the face of absolute power, any conspiracy or trickery appears pale and laughable. In order to protect themselves and to prevent their triads from being implicated, Leanne made the wisest and only decision in the very first moment, betrayal. However, direct contact is too risky. After much deliberation, he came up with an extremely subtle yet intelligent approach. He sent a text message to the Xiao family through an extremely secretive channel. I've heard you're very interested in mythology. I have a rare treasured copy of the song of the Nealong here. Would I have the honor of gifting it to you? The Xiao family mansion. Ziao Tian, the head of the Xiao family, was completely baffled as he looked at the strange text message on his phone. Mythological tale. The song of Nibalong. When did I develop this hobby? Moreover, the sender was none other than Leanne, the leader of the triads, one of the six major underground forces. He dared not delay and immediately reported the information to Lanu Verbate. Lean. Lanu looked at the text message and raised an eyebrow slightly. When he saw the words, the song of the Nebalong, a knowing glint flashed in his dark eyes. In Norse mythology, the hero Seagreed was invulnerable to weapons because he bathed in dragon's blood, but his back became his only weakness because it was stained with a lynen leaf. Ultimately, he died from a backstab by his enemy. His back pierced by a spear. The code in this text message couldn't be clearer. This is a reminder to myself. Beware of assassins. Interesting. It seems there's a smart one among this bunch of trash. The next day, a brand new company called New Century Investment suddenly approached the Xiao family in a high-profile manner. They offered a very attractive deal that no one could refuse. They expressed their willingness to take over the Xiao family's unfinished building project in the city center, which had been under discussion for a long time, but had never been started. This project has been a major concern for the Xiao family. They invested huge sums of money but the business stalled for several years due to various problems and they were losing money every day. Now suddenly a sucker has appeared. Not only were they willing to take over but they also offered a price far exceeding the market value which seemed rather strange. Survived the family purge because he had little contact with the underground black market. Now he dares not say much to Lu. He dared not make a decision on his own and reported the matter immediately. Along with the bizarre information about new century investment with no apparent background, he reported it to Lan Yu. After reading it, Lanu deduced that there was most likely a trap involved. However, we can also play along and see what tricks these people are up to. Lanu said calmly to Uncle Fu. Arrange negotiations. Uncle Fu bowed in response. Yes, young master. At 3:00 in the afternoon, in the center of Silverstar City, on the lonely top floor of that building, a negotiating table was set up in the center with Lan Yu and Uncle Fu sitting on one side of the table. On the other side of the table sat three well-dressed, seemingly polite company representatives. The leader was a middle-aged man who looked to be in his 40s and had a calm demeanor. With a warm smile on his face, he was enthusiastically introducing his company's grand blueprint. The entire negotiation process went exceptionally smoothly with the other party agreeing on all the terms. They made huge concessions as if they were really just there to give away money. Xiao Chiming sitting next to Lan Yu had sweaty palms. He felt that the atmosphere was extremely eerie, especially the middle-aged man opposite who always had a warm smile on his face. But Wong Jiming sensed a faint chilling aura emanating from him. Finally, after nearly an hour of friendly negotiations, both sides reached an agreement on all the details. Young Master Lawn, it's a pleasure doing business with you. The middle-aged man at the head of the group pushed a printed contract in front of Lan Yu. At the same time, a very expensive looking pen was handed over. I hope our cooperation will be as smooth as the weather today. His smile grew even brighter. However, just as Lu reached out and picked up the pen, a murderous intent has been revealed. The warm smile in the middle-aged man's eyes was instantly replaced by a chilling killing intent. His other spare pen, activated by his shadow energy, was in his hand and coded with deadly poison was launched. He moved. Chapter 388. The plan to wipe them all out. As one of the top ace assassins of the shadowless organization, his code name is Phantom Fawn. His greatest skill is disguising himself as the most harmless ordinary person. Then at the moment when the opponent is most relaxed and least expectant, launched this fatal blow. His speed was incredibly fast. The sevenstar shadowm's power was unleashed without reservation at this moment. That poison dagger like the fangs of a viper whistled as it tore through the air. It pierced Lan Yus heart at a speed completely imperceptible to the naked eye. This distance, this timing, this angle, perfect. This was the most perfect strike of his assassin career. He could almost see the dagger piercing the other person's heart, the poison instantly spreading throughout their body, and the target dying in pain and confusion. He could even imagine the joy he would feel when he received that astronomical commission after completing the task. However, reality gave him a resounding slap in the face. Clang, a clear metallic clang, rang out. His deadly dagger, capable of piercing a 10 cm thick steel plate, stopped just 1 cm away from Lanu's chest. No further progress could be made. The assassin's pupils suddenly shrank to the size of pinpoints. He witnessed a scene that he would never forget and that filled him with utter despair. Lanu didn't even raise his head. The other party remained focused on the contract, seemingly oblivious to the deadly sneak attack before them. He simply held up two fingers, index finger and middle finger. These two seemingly fair and slender fingers are like two indestructible iron clamps. With ease, it caught the tip of his dagger, which was infused with all his strength and shadow energy. How is that possible? The assassin's mind went completely blank for a moment. His full force attack was actually caught by the opponent with just two fingers. This is no longer a matter of difference in strength. An unprecedented fear instantly overwhelmed him. Without a second thought, he tried to pull back his dagger and retreat. However, to his horror, he discovered that the dagger seemed to be welded to the other person's fingertip. No matter how much he tried to activate his shadow energy, it remained completely still. Too slow. A detached voice rang out from Lanu's mouth. This was the last thing the assassin heard. Lanu gently bent the fingers holding the dagger, then flicked it. Boom! A soft sound. An indescribable, terrifying force traveled along the dagger and instantly transmitted to the assassin's arm. The assassin felt an overwhelming force, like a landslide or tsunami, surging wildly from the other end of the dagger. Snap! His wrist snapped instantly. But this is just the beginning. The terrifying force did not diminish in the slightest and continued to sweep upwards along his arm with overwhelming force. "Bang, bang, bang!" A series of muffled cracking sounds rang out under the horrified gazes of Xiao Chiing and his two other assassin accompllices. The ace assassin's entire right arm along with half of his shoulder. It was like being stuffed with a string of firecrackers which exploded inch by inch starting from the palm of the hand. Blood and flesh flew everywhere and bone fragments splattered. Ah, a blood curdling scream so shrill it was inhuman burst from the assassin's throat. But he only managed to utter half a sound. Because Lanus second attack has arrived. At the same moment the dagger was deflected, Lan Yus left hand had already appeared above the assassin's head. Just a gentle press, a sound like a watermelon being crushed. Lan Yu casually pressed the Sevenstar assassin's head along with his terrified expression directly into his own chest cavity. Red and white splattered all over the ground. The headless corpse swayed and then collapsed to the ground with a thud. The whole process was smooth and quick, taking less than a second. The other two assassins who were acting as assistants reacted quickly. Seeing that they were outmatched, they tried to escape. But how could they possibly escape Lan Yus grasp? In less than 10 seconds, two more corpses appeared on the ground. Ziao Chiming, standing to the side, stared blankly at the mangled corpses, then glanced at Lan Yu, who remained calm and collected as if he had merely flicked away a fly. His mind went completely blank at that moment. I no longer know how to describe Lanu. Lan Yu, however, paid no attention to Xiao Chiming, who was standing frozen beside him. He looked at the corpse on the ground, his brows furrowing slightly. Killing them one by one will always result in some escaping, and it's too inefficient. It seems we must find a way to wipe them all out. Just then, the cell phone he had taken from the Xiao family patriarch rang again. The message came from that clever man, Leanne. I am Lean, the vice president of the Triads, and I hope to meet with young Master Lawn. looking at the text message on my phone screen. After thinking for a moment, Lanu agreed to the other party's request to meet. Half an hour later, in an inconspicuous upscale apartment in Silverstar City. As Leanne walked through the door, I saw the blue-haired youth sitting on the sofa, leisurely wiping a jet black long sword. His heart was pounding in his throat. That's him. The mad shark gang and massacred fallen paradise overnight. Lean bowed slightly. Le San, vice president of the triads, pays his respects to young master Lan. Lonu looked at Le San with icy eyes, devoid of any emotion. You are very smart. You know that confronting them head-on is a dead end. And you also know that joining forces with the assassins hired by the other families is just suicide. So, you chose to betray them in order to save your own life. Lean didn't look up and continued speaking. Young Master Lawn is wise. Zhao Wan and his gang of idiots have been blinded by greed and fear. Their minds clouded by greed and fear. I I never intended to be your enemy from the very beginning. A faint ambiguous smile appeared on Lan Yus face. He slowly walked up to Leanne, squatted down, and looked him in the eye. Oh, then why are you only contacting me now? A chilling killing intent instantly enveloped Lean. Do you also want to sit back and watch the Tigers fight to see who wins between us and those assassins? If I die, you can continue to live a peaceful life as your local tyrant. If I win, you'll come out wagging your tail and begging for mercy, won't you? Lean quickly shook his head. No, no, absolutely not. How could I possibly have such thoughts? He explained incoherently. The reason I contacted you late is because I've been busy gathering intelligence. Lonu countered. What intelligence? To prove his worth, Leanne hurriedly revealed everything. Young Master Lawn, I know you want to wipe out the underground forces in Silverstar City. Therefore, I specifically collected intelligence that could bring down all their high-ranking officials and core members in one fell swoop. Chapter 389. It's definitely not my turn. Lan Yus eyes flickered slightly, and his killing intent diminished somewhat. Tell me about it. He felt the killing intent, powerful enough to freeze his soul, recede. Leanne, feeling as if he had been granted a pardon, gasped for breath and quickly said, "In Silverstar City, there is an extremely secretive club called the White Knight Club. This club was jointly funded by our seven, no, now six major underground forces. On the surface, it is a top tier private club, but in reality, it's a den of iniquity that provides hunting services specifically for thrillseeking nobles and the wealthy." Hunting. Lu frown slightly. A flicker of fear and disgust flashed in Lean's eyes. Yes, hunting. They will arrest some homeless people, gamblers who owe huge gambling debts, and even shadow puppeteers. Treat them like prey and throw them into a primeval forest. Then those so-called upper class will be like the nobles of ancient times. Bring your weapons and men, enter the forest, and enjoy the perverse pleasure of chasing and hunting living people. Upon hearing this, Lu's eyes turned completely cold. I never imagined that even in modern society, there would still be such beasts in human skin. Leanne, oblivious to Lanu's change in expression, continued speaking rapidly. And just 3 days from now is the White Knight Club's annual hunting tournament. At that time, the remaining five leaders of Underground forces as well as their core members will be. Most of the powerful and wealthy people in Silverstar City will also gather at the club to participate in this carnival. Young Master Lawn, this is a once- ina-lifetime opportunity. As long as you make your move on the day of the hunting tournament, you can wipe them out in one fell swoop and eliminate any future troubles. Hunting tournament? Lu's eyes lit up, and the plan in his mind to wipe out all the trash finally took a clear shape. This is indeed a fantastic opportunity. Who owns this club? Lyu asked. Lean answered respectfully. I don't know the boss's real name. Everyone just calls him Night Owl. He is not one of our seven major powers. He is an independent third party. He is extremely rigid, adhering to so-called business ethics and neutrality principles, only caring about money and refusing to take sides. The reason why we appointed him to run the club is precisely because of this. Lean changed the subject, his face showing reluctance. However, this night owl is also a problem. The location and specific procedures of the hunting competition are different every year to prevent leaks, and only he and a few trusted high-ranking officials know about them. Besides, this guy is a stubborn mule with an incorraible and unyielding personality. It will probably be very difficult to persuade him to cooperate with you. Lu simply smiled faintly upon hearing this. Stubborn donkey, there is no bone in this world that cannot be broken. He stood up, no longer looking at Lean on the ground, and said to Uncle Fu beside him, "Uncle Fu, could you please check if what Lean said is true?" "And while you're at it, dig up all the information on that man called Night Owl, the more detailed the better." "Yes, young Master." Upon hearing this, Lean quickly waved his hand and swore an oath. "Young Master Lon, everything I said is true. I would never dare to utter a single lie." Lanu ignored him and simply waited quietly. With Uncle Fu's abilities and the Lawn family's intelligence network, verifying this matter is only a matter of time. Sure enough, less than half a day later, Uncle Fu reappeared. Uncle Fu handed a document to Lan Yu. Young master, everything has been investigated. What Lean said is basically true. The White Knight Club and the hunting tournament do exist and are an open secret in the upper class of Silverstar City. Fubo paused, his expression somewhat strange about that club owner, Night Owl. There is very little information about his past. He is like a ghost that appeared out of nowhere in Silverstar City. He has no past, no relatives or friends. The other party must have deliberately erased their past. But while investigating his fun flows, I discovered an unexpected piece of information that might come in handy later. Uncle Fu lowered his voice and whispered a few words in Lanus ear. After listening to Uncle Fu's report, Lana nodded. I see. As night deepened, the White Knight's Club remained brightly lit, like a city that never sleeps. Nestled in the shadows of the city, contrary to the rumors of a sinister and terrifying den of iniquity, the club's interior is extremely luxurious, with every detail revealing top-notch taste and extravagant spending. The air was filled with expensive incense and a faint smell of alcohol, while melodious classical music echoed in the spacious hall. Well-dressed waiters moved among the guests, providing them with the most attentive service. If one didn't know the inside story, no one would be able to connect this place with the site where the bloody hunting game took place. On the top floor, in the most luxurious office, a middle-aged man dressed in a black tuxedo with a stern face and sharp eyes like a hawk standing in front of the huge floor toseeiling window overlooking the bustling night view of the city below. The owner of this club, a legendary figure in the underworld of Silverstar City, Night Owl. At this moment, his brows were tightly furrowed. In the past few days, the underworld of Silverstar City has been completely turned upside down. First, a dramatic change occurred within the Xiao family. Xiao Dong, who was in charge of the gay industry, was dismembered in public at a welcome banquet. Subsequently, the Xiao family launched a bloody purge, resulting in the downfall of numerous high-ranking officials. Immediately afterwards, the mad shark gang, one of the seven major underground forces, was raised to the ground overnight. Even the gang leader, Wong Batian, a renowned peak level expert of the seven stars, was nowhere to be found, as if he had vanished from the face of the earth. Everyone knows about the terrifying existence emanating from the main lawn family, cleaning up the city's dark side in the bloodiest way possible. Night Alowl took a sip of red wine, a hint of relief flashing in his eyes. Fortunately, he always adhered to his principles. Absolute neutrality, doing business only, and not participating in any power struggles. Back then, Zhao and those idiots, including OneEyed Dragon, approached him, wanting him to get involved and help deal with that Lawn family brat. He rejected her without hesitation. In his view, this was utterly foolish. A young man whom the Lawn family entrusted with an important task and sent to deal with the affiliated families. Could he be the kind of gilded young master they imagine? Someone they can manipulate at will? Even a fool would know that's impossible. Looking back now, I realize how wise my decision was. Even if Lan Yu wants to purge the entire underground forces of Silver Star City, according to the order, it should be the remaining companies first. So, it shouldn't be my turn. Is Chapter 390 an illusion? Night Alowl was secretly calculating in his mind. his White Knights Club, though it wasn't exactly a clean business, but after all, he was just an intermediary who provided a platform separate from those gangs that directly engaged in arson, murder, and looting. There are still fundamental differences. However, for some reason, he felt a strange sense of unease and anxiety tonight. He hadn't experienced this feeling in many years. The last time I felt this anxious was 10 years ago. At that time he was not yet kn owl but just a mercenary who lived on the edge of a knife. On that day betrayed by his companions he was besieged by his enemies. His wife was killed and he himself was seriously injured and nearly died. Since then he has severed all ties with his past and adopted the pseudonym night owl. He dawned a cold mask and became the most indifferent bystander in the city of desire. Is it just my imagination? Night Al frowned and down the rest of the red wine in his glass. That ominous premonition, like a persistent boil, made him restless. To put his mind at ease, he pressed the communicator on the table and commanded in a cold tone, "Pass down the order. Tonight, all security forces at the club will be raised to the highest level. Double, no, triple the number of patrols. Make sure those two old guys aren't idle either. Keep them on their toes." The two old guys he mentioned were two sevenstar shadow artists he had hired at great expense. It is his biggest trump card and the ultimate guarantee of his safety. Yes, boss, came the respectful reply from the communicator. After confirming that all security measures were in place, did Night Owls unease subside slightly? He rubbed his throbbing temples and prepared to go back to his room to rest. He's been feeling restless these past few days, and he's definitely tired. He walked down the long corridor and arrived at the door of his private lounge located at the far end of his office. This is his absolute territory and no one may set foot here without his permission except himself. He passed both iris and fingerprint verification and the heavy alloy door slid open silently. However, the moment he stepped into the room, he abruptly stopped in his tracks. The blood in my body seemed to freeze completely at that moment. He saw a figure sitting quietly in a chair in his room. He was a young man who looked to be under 20 years old. His signature short blue hair stood out prominently under the soft lighting of the room. The young man was idly fiddling with a priceless antique ornament on his desk. A slightly indifferent expression on his face. Beside the young man stood an elderly man dressed in a tail coat and holding a black cane. Like a silent sculpture, it exudes a chilling aura. It's them, the demon god who stirred up the entire silver star city. Lanu. The owl s mind went completely blank with a sudden roar. What is he doing here? What about their own rocksolid security system? What about those patrol teams? Why were no alarms sounded? Why was there no sound of fighting? They appeared so quietly in his most core, most private forbidden area. As if sensing his arrival, Lanu slowly raised his head from his seat. Those jet black pupils calmly fell upon him. Your night owl. The calm voice rang out in the silent room. Yet, it was like a chilling wind from the depths of hell, sending a cold chill through Night Owl from head to toe. Night Owl felt as if his heart was being gripped tightly by an invisible hand, almost stopping its beating. He forced himself to calm down, his mind racing. How did they get in? That's no longer important. The important question is, why would the other person come looking for me? Even if I uphold neutrality, am I not immune to this? He stared intently at Lan Yu, his voice with shock and tension. Young Master Lon, what brings you here? He tried to remain calm, but his slightly trembling voice betrayed his inner fear. Where are my guards and the security personnel outside? He couldn't help but ask the question that had been puzzling him for so long. Lanu casually placed the antique ornament back on the table. His tone is indifferent, as if he were talking about something trivial. Oh, it was too noisy, so I just took care of it. Just solved it. The owl s pupils suddenly contracted. That was a security system he had built at great expense. Twice the number of patrol teams and dozens of elite shadow guards. In front of the other party, it was a problem that could be solved casually. Nightal as heart sank little by little. He finally realized that he and the other party were not even in the same league. His prize trump card is probably nothing more than a joke in front of his opponent. But Night Owl is a man who has survived by the skin of his teeth and his mental fortitude is far beyond that of ordinary people. After a brief moment of shock, he quickly regained his composure. Since we cannot resist, we can only negotiate. He took a deep breath and forced a smile that looked more like a grimace. Young Master Lawn is joking. I wonder if your late night visit is motivated by your interest in my club or your interest in my head. He humbled himself greatly, trying to gain a sliver of hope. However, Night Al was not entirely without confidence because he still has his last trump card. At the very moment he was speaking, his fingers moved behind his back, secretly making a coded signal known only to him and his two sevenstar bodyguards. This is the highest level of alert, meaning he is in a life ordeath crisis. They need to launch a thunderous strike at all costs. He felt a sense of relief, thankful that he had been cautious enough. Instead of guarding the door, the two sevenstar experts used their special shadow techniques to lurk in the shadows of their own room. This was his last and strongest guarantee. If he could seize an opportunity, even if it was just to create a moment of chaos, he was confident he could escape from this room. As long as you can escape, the world is vast and you'll always find a place to call home. However, in the next second, all his fantasies were ruthlessly shattered. The moment he gave the signal, sure enough, two dark figures emerged from the shadows behind him, leaping up like ghosts. Two powerful and violent sevenstar shadow chi erupted suddenly transforming into two deadly shadow blades from the left and right at a tricky and ruthless angle. They stabbed straight at Lu who was sitting in the chair fast, accurate, ruthless. This is their ultimate deadly strike. Honed through countless trials as top tier bodyguards. A glimmer of hope shown in the owlless eyes. It's done at such close range and with such a sudden attack. Even if the opponent were an eight-star expert, it would be impossible for them to emerge and scathe. But the hope in his eyes lasted for less than a thousandth of a second before turning into endless despair. Because those two sevenstar bodyguards hadn't even gotten within 3 m of Lanu. The old man who had been standing motionless beside Lanu like a statue moved. Chapter 391. Cooperation achieved. Click. With a soft click, the seemingly ordinary black cane in Uncle Fu's hand. Separated from it, a thin, gleaming sword, as thin as a cicada's wing, was held in his hand. There was no earthshattering momentum, nor any dazzling moves. Uncle Fu casually swung his sword to the left and right. The movement was as elegant as conducting a symphony, understated and utterly devoid of any fuss. Two sword lights so fast they were almost impossible to see with the naked eye flashed by and then it all ended. The two Sevenstar bodyguards who were poised to launch a fatal attack suddenly froze in midair. The expressions on their faces were still frozen on the ferocity and ruthlessness of their attack. The next moment, two thin lines of blood appeared between their eyebrows. Then it quickly spread downwards, penetrating their entire bodies. Splash! Splash! Two corpses, perfectly and symmetrically split in half, fell onto the expensive carpet. Warm blood and internal organs flowed out instantly, and the strong smell of blood immediately overpowered the expensive incense in the room. From the moment the attack was made to the moment of death, the entire process took less than a second. The two Sevenstar experts didn't even have time to utter a scream before they were gone. Just like that, Night Owl stared blankly at the two corpses on the ground, then looked at the man who slowly sheathed his rapier with his cane. The old man, whose face remained calm and composed, felt that his worldview had been completely overturned at this moment. Sold out instantly, both being seven stars. How could one be instantly killed by the other in a single move? What kind of monster is this old man? He originally thought that Lan Yu himself was the most terrifying beast. Unexpectedly, his seemingly insignificant butler also possessed such unfathomable strength. Nightal's heart was completely shattered. His legs gave way and he collapsed to the ground. His face drained of all color. Lonus voice rang out again, breaking the deathly silence in the room. "Now, can we have a proper talk?" The owl raised his head, his eyes filled with despair and death. "He knew that he was doomed today." "What do you want?" he asked in a dry voice. Lanu stood up from his chair, walked slowly to him, and looked down at him. It's simple. I need your cooperation to complete the hunting competition in 3 days. Night Owl wasn't stupid. He instantly understood Lan Yus intention. You want to use me to wipe out the remaining five major forces? Yes. Lanu made no attempt to hide his purpose. Upon hearing this, a mad flame suddenly ignited in the eyes of Night Owl. He knew he was going to die, but even in his final moments, he wanted to uphold his last shred of dignity and principles. He suddenly scrambled to his feet, stared intently at Lanu, and said through gritted teeth, "I, Night Owl, live my life on the streets, and all I rely on is my reputation, I would never betray my clients. Even if you kill me, even if you cut me into a thousand pieces, you can forget about me working with you." He straightened his back, his face revealing a resolute determination that showed no fear of death. This was his last pride and his final act of integrity as a tycoon in the underworld. However, Lan Yus face remained completely unmoved by his impassion declaration. He simply watched the man in front of him trying to stop him with his bare hands and then took something out of his pocket. It was an ordinary looking photo. Lanu didn't say a word of nonsense, but simply placed the photo gently in front of Night Owl. The photo shows a girl who is about 15 or 16 years old. She was sitting on a park bench holding an ice cream cone, smiling innocently and brightly like sunshine. The moment Night Owl saw the girl in the photo, the resolute and mad expression on his face froze. Lu's voice like a devil's whisper gently rang in his ear. This is your daughter, right? It turns out that this was the unexpected intelligence that Uncle Fu had been secretly investigating. Fubo relied on the Lawn family's intelligence network and his own abilities. In the investigation of the Night and Gales and related information about their club, he discovered a piece of information among those seemingly clean documents that really caught his attention. Every month, the club receives a sum of money, neither too much nor too little. It will secretly channel the money through multiple channels and eventually end up in one account. Generally speaking, this kind of behavior is perfectly normal for underground organizations. However, the recipient of the money was rather strange. It wasn't some underground organization or black market dealer. It was just an ordinary family. This family first started receiving money 10 years ago when they adopted an orphan girl. Therefore, Uncle Fu speculated that the girl was likely related to Nightingale. As for whether the two are father and daughter, Uncle Fu was unsure. So, what Lu just said was just his guess. At that moment, he felt that he had probably guessed correctly because the moment Lanu said those words, "Ah!" Night owl s eyes instantly turned blood red, and he let out a beast-like roar, his reason destroyed in an instant. He charged towards Lanu like a mad bull, disregarding everything. He seemed to want to tear this demon, which had exposed his deepest wounds, to shreds. However, just as he took a step forward, a dark shadow flashed by. Bang! Uncle Fu kicked him hard in the stomach. Night owl was like a kite with a broken string. He was sent flying backward, crashing heavily into the wall before falling to the ground and spitting out a mouthful of blood. The intense pain brought some clarity to his mind, which had been clouded by anger. He finally realized the reality. He thought he had severed all ties and hidden himself perfectly. Little did they know that their deepest weakness had already been precisely grasped by the other party. He finally realized that he wasn't dealing with a photographer who followed any  rules. He is a true devil who will disregard all rules and bottom lines in order to achieve his goals. He closed his eyes in pain as if all the strength had been drained from his body. He opened his eyes again after a long while, his voice and full of exhaustion. As long as as long as I cooperate with you, she she'll be all right, right? Lan Yus voice remained cold and calm. Yet, it seemed to possess an undeniable magic. Of course, after all, I'm not a really bad person. As long as you cooperate obediently after it's done, I can even get the Lawn family to protect her safety and ensure that she will never have to worry about food and clothing for the rest of her life and will never be harmed again. Upon hearing this answer, he slowly lowered his head. I see. I will cooperate. Chapter 392. Who is the prey? Night owl surrender was within lawn use expectations. There may be truly tough people in this world, but they are definitely not many. Everyone has their own weakness. Once you find it, even the strongest fortress will collapse from within. Very good. You made a wise choice, Lu said calmly. The owl struggled to its feet and wiped the blood from the corner of its mouth. However, you caused too much of a commotion before, and the remaining companies are now extremely nervous. I'm afraid that even if I send out invitations this year, they might not dare to come. This is indeed a problem. After witnessing Lawn use godlike and demonic methods, anyone with a modicum of sense, they would all choose to hide rather than actively go to places where Lanu might appear and risk their lives. Upon hearing this, Lanu smiled dismissively. You don't need to worry about that. They will come. All you need to do is send them an invitation letter that they can't refuse, just as I asked. 3 days later, night fell. Carnival Island is a private island located hundreds of kilometers away from Silverstar City. This island was purchased and renovated by the White Knight Club at great expense. It is heavily guarded on weekdays, a true lawless zone. The island is now brightly lit and extremely luxurious. Countless luxury cars and airship are docked at the exclusive port with well-dressed men and women holding wine glasses and chatting and laughing to the accompaniment of melodious music. It felt as if they were at a top-notch banquet. And at the very center of the island, inside a massive circular building modeled after the ancient Roman coliseum, the atmosphere was incredibly enthusiastic. The upper level of the building is a circular observation deck where hundreds of top dignitaries from all walks of life in Silverstar City gather. They were all extremely wealthy and powerful, each a big shot in Silverstar City, whose mere presence could cause a stir. At the very center of the observation deck in the most prestigious position are five luxurious chairs carved from a single piece of rosewood. At this moment, five middle-aged men with extraordinary bearing and different expressions were sitting upright on it. They are the leaders of the five remaining major forces in the underworld of Silverstar City. Zhaoan, the leader of the Wanha Society, known for his resourcefulness, is a one-eyed man with a fiery temper. the most senior leader of the green bamboo gang and the triad leader Sonha and his vice president Lean. They were surrounded by a group of extremely obsequious wealthy businessmen and officials, each with a fawning smile on their face. Below the building lies a vast simulated primeval jungle area shrouded in a highintensity energy shield. This is tonight's hunting ground. A wealthy businessman with a beer belly said obsequiously to Zhaoan. Brotherho, you're right. You were just having a headache over that lawn family kid a few days ago. What brings you to this hunting competition today? Zoan picked up his wine glass, gave a cold snort, and a ruthless glint flashed in his eyes. Completely overwhelmed. Humph. That kid won't be able to keep up this for long. After today's show, I'll have my own ways of dealing with him. He spoke with conviction, but his heart was still filled with unease. Out of caution, he hadn't originally planned to come. But just yesterday, he received an invitation from Night Owl to tonight's hunting tournament. When he saw the information about this special prey in the letter, he changed his mind. On the other side, the oneeyed man laughed and said to the big shots around him, "I wasn't planning on coming anyway, but that guy really put in the effort this time. I believe everyone here is here for that special prey mentioned in the invitation, right? Haha, that's for sure. That's right. I can't wait." The remaining bigwigs nodded in agreement, their faces bearing cruel and bloodthirsty smiles. Only Lean sat in the corner with his head down, silent, making it impossible to see the expression on his face. Just then, the large screen in the center of the coliseum suddenly lit up. The owl cold, stern face appeared on the screen. Good evening, distinguished guests. The hunting competition tonight is now officially beginning. As he finished speaking, the screen began displaying information about tonight's prey. One after another, emaciated figures with salow complexions and numb eyes flashed by. This prompted the hunters on the observation deck to let out excited whistles. Finally, the camera focused on the last one, who was also tonight's final prey. On the screen appeared a photo of a middle-aged man. The man had blue hair, but his face was ordinary, and his eyes showed a hint of dejection and resentment. The accompanying materials brought the atmosphere to a fever pitch in an instant. Name: Longu. Identity. Formerly a member of a collateral branch of the Lawn family. Expelled from the family for violating clan rules. Skill assessment. Five-star filmmaker. Boom. The entire observation deck erupted in shears. The Lawn family. Although he was just a criminal who had been expelled, he was still a member of the Lawn family. These days they have been suppressed by Lan Yu to the point of being unable to lift their heads and their hearts have been filled with endless resentment and anger, but they have nowhere to vent it. Now a member of the Lawn family whom they could slaughter at will had appeared right in front of them. This is simply the perfect punching bag sent from heaven. Harah, great. That's fantastic. That night owl guy, he really knows how to get things done. I was just looking for a place to vent my anger. Nobody can take this from me today. I'm going to get this kid's head. I'm going to turn it into a wine glass and use it to drink everyday. The powerful and wealthy, who had been suppressed to the extreme by Lan Yu these past few days, have now gone completely mad. They couldn't deal with the godlike Lan Yu, but they tortured and killed a useless member of the Lawn family. It can also give them a morbid, twisted pleasure. Amidst deafening cheers from the audience, a huge metal box appeared. The mechanical arm descended from the sky and slowly dropped it into the very center of the jungle below. Bang! The box was opened and a figure with shackles binding his hand staggered out. It was the blue-haired middle-aged man in the photo. Langu, of course, this was just a disguise after Lonu slightly altered his appearance and physique. And Lean knew the truth. Thump, the hunting bell told me yet heavy charge. That kid is mine. Hundreds of excited hunters, like wild beasts released from their cages, poured into the jungle below from various entrances. They were well equipped, their auras surging, and their faces wore cruel and bloodthirsty smiles. They surrounded the lone prey. One of the hunting squads under the oneeyed dragon's command is the fastest. in order to make a good impression on their boss, the squad leader, a six-star shadowmaster. With a few men, they were the first to find Lan Guu, who was still standing there in a days. Chapter 393. Let's go together. The six-star shadowmaster looked at the legendary sinner of the Lawn family in front of him, and a sinister smile appeared on his face like a cat catching a mouse. Kid, next time you're reincarnated, open your eyes wider. There are some people you can't afford to mess with. He slowly raised the shadow or a long bow in his hand and drew the bowring tot. A beam of light emanating from his entire body, shimmerred with dazzling light. An arrow powerful enough to pierce a 10-cm thick steel plate was aimed at the opponent's brow. Die. Call out. The shadow arrow, accompanied by a piercing whistle that tore through the air, transformed into a streak of light, and hurdled towards its unfortunate prey. He could almost picture the wonderful scene of the other person's head being shot open and blood splattering everywhere. However, the next second, the sneer on his face suddenly froze. Arrow of shadow energy, powerful enough to pierce steel plates, suddenly stopped just 1 cm away from Lon Goo's brow. It hovered in midair in such a bizarre way, as if it were being held by an invisible hand, unable to move forward even an inch. Um, the hunting team leader froze, his sinister smile vanishing. What happened? Did I make a mistake? No, that's not right. The crowd on the observation deck was also taken aback, and the previously deafening cheers gradually subsided. What's going on? How come that guy isn't dead? Did that squad leader's arrow miss? What a useless piece of trash. No, look, that arrow has stopped. Amidst the puzzled gazes of the crowd, the one who kept his head down, Lu, who should have been the prey, slowly raised his head. The blank look on his face had long since disappeared. Instead, a smile that sent chills down everyone's spine was revealed. "Oh, is that so?" He held up two fingers, his index and middle fingers. With an extremely casual, even nonchalant gesture, it gently caught the shadow arrow that was hovering in midair. The feeling was like clutching a tiny, insignificant straw. you." The hunting team leader's pupils constricted sharply, and an extremely ominous premonition instantly enveloped his heart. Without a second thought, he activated his shadow energy to detonate the arrow. However, it was too late. Lu tightened his grip on the arrow with a slight force. Smack! A crisp sound like glass shattering. That arrow of shadow energy imbued with the full power of a six-star shadow master. It shattered upon impact, transforming into countless golden specks that dissipated into the air. Now it's my turn. A detached voice rang in the hunting captain's ears. He only felt a blur before his eyes, and a blue after image appeared like a ghost. In an instant, it covered a distance of tens of meters and appeared in front of him. Divine sword technique. Instant shadow flash. That's too fast. It was so fast that his brain couldn't even react. so fast that his body couldn't make any defensive movements. He felt a tightness around his neck and an irresistible terrifying force lifted him into the air. No matter how much he activated the shadow energy within his body or how frantically he struggled, he could not budge that hand, which was like an iron clamp, even slightly. A feeling of suffocation and a fear that came from the depths of his soul overwhelmed him instantly. You just said that there are some people you can't afford to mess with. That voice, like the whisper of death, rang in his ears once more. He looked up in horror and met those pitch black pupils. What eyes those were, cold, indifferent, devoid of any human emotion. In those eyes, he saw only utter indifference to life. He finally realized that he had not provoked any sinners of the lawn family who had been expelled. But he is a devil in human skin. No, don't. He tried to beg for mercy, but his throat was being tightly gripped, and he could only utter indistinct syllables. Snap! A crisp sound of bone cracking rang out. Lanu easily snapped the neck of the hunting team leader. His eyes, which had been wide with fear, quickly lost their light, and his body went limp. Lanu casually tossed his body on the ground as if throwing away a tattered garbage bag. This scene was captured by hidden cameras scattered throughout the jungle. It was clearly and liver streamed to the huge screen above the observation deck. The arena, which had been deafeningly noisy just a moment ago, fell into a deathly silence. Everyone's movements seemed to have been paused. The smiles on their faces were still frozen in time. Their raised glasses were still suspended in midair. They stared wideeyed at the bloody and shocking scene on the screen. Their minds blank. Dead. Dead. That six-star shadow master, that first hunter to rush in. Just like that, he was killed by his prey. Defeated in such a crushing manner. What? What on earth is going on? Useless. A bunch of useless trash. After a brief silence, in the center of the observation deck, oneeyed man slammed his fist on the table and let out an angry roar. He looked at the screen at the captain who was being lauded to the skies by his subordinates. Lying on the ground like a dead dog, he felt a burning pain on his face, as if he had been slapped hard. Zhoan's face also darkened instantly. He stared intently at the blue-haired middle-aged man on the screen who was slowly straightening up, and the ominous premonition in his heart grew stronger. Something's wrong. Something's not right with this guy. He roared hysterically into the communicator beside him. Attack him, everyone. Attack him together. Chop him into mince meat. His voice, amplified by loudspeakers, echoed throughout the jungle. The remaining dozens of hunters in the jungle finally recovered from their shock. They looked at the blue-haired youth standing beside the corpse. The previous contempt and mockery were gone from his eyes, replaced by a deep semnity and murderous intent. Although they were shocked by the opponent's strength, their side had the advantage in numbers, including many five-star and six-star experts. In their view, no matter how strong the other party is, they are ultimately just one person. Attack him together. Kill him. Avenge the captain. Dozens of hunters surrounded Lan Yu from all directions. Multicolored beams of light shot into the sky, accompanied by flashes of swords and spears. The shadow energy roared, and in an instant, the entire jungle was filled with violent energy fluctuations. They held nothing back and unleashed their strongest attacks. They wanted to tear this prey that dared to resist to shreds. However, even when faced with an attack powerful enough to level a small mountain, Lan Yus face remained expressionless. He looked at the people around him who were radiating malice. But his eyes didn't even show the slightest ripple of emotion. He simply waved his hand casually. The next moment, with Lanu at the center, a pitch black realm deeper than the night itself, seemingly capable of swallowing all light and darkness. Silently, yet with an unstoppable force, it spread wildly in all directions. Chapter 390. For he lied to us. The corridor of shadows. That pitch black area instantly swallowed the entire jungle. It also enveloped the dozens of hunters who were charging forward menacingly. Uh, what's going on? Why is it so dark? My eyes. I can't see anything. Help. What the hell is this? The moment they were trapped in the corridor of shadows, all the hunters five senses and even their sixth sense were thrown into extreme chaos. However, this is only the beginning. Just as they were thrown into chaos, Lanu's second ability was activated. Rain of corrosion in the pitch black sky, drops of dark green rain began to fall. Ah, my hands. My hands are melting. A series of piercing screams, so shrill they seemed inhuman, echoed through the darkness. But the screams soon subsided. It only took a dozen seconds. As the dark corridor of shadows slowly dissipated, the jungle reappeared before everyone's eyes. The whole world fell silent. On the observation deck, everyone seemed to be petrified, frozen in place, their bodies ice cold, and their faces ashen. They saw that in the jungle below, the blue-haired youth was still standing with his hands behind his back. Not a speck of dust even clung to the hem of his clothes. There was no one left standing. Those hundreds of hunters who were just moments ago alive and invincible. At this moment, everything turned into rotting blood and stark white bones on the ground, emitting a nauseating stench. A hunt turned into a one-sided massacre. On the observation deck, there was a deathly silence. If Lan Yu's instant kill of the hunting team leader brought them shock and anger, then so now when they witnessed hundreds of elite hunters with their own eyes, in just over 10 seconds, he was corroded into a pool of blood and bones by that eerie dark domain. All that remained in their hearts was endless deep-seated fear and horror. Gulp. Someone swallowed hard, and the sound was exceptionally clear in the deathly silence. A a five-star shadowmaster. This is a five-star shadowmaster. A wealthy businessman's voice became sharp and shrill due to extreme fear. He pointed at the indifferent-l lookinging blue-haired youth on the big screen, almost on the verge of collapse. The information night Alowl provided is fake. He lied to us. His words were like a stone thrown into a calm lake, instantly waking everyone who was still in a days. Yes, the information is incorrect. That so-called sinner of the lawn family is not some useless person whose cultivation has been abolished at all. This is a complete trap. Joan's face turned deathly pale in an instant. He turned his head sharply, wanting to find the silent owl sitting beside him and ask him what was going on. However, he was horrified to discover that the luxurious chair in Night Owl's room was now completely empty. Where are they? When did the owl leave? A chill ran from the soles of Zhao when feet straight up to the top of his head. He finally realized that he or rather they had all been tricked. From the moment they received that invitation, they were stepping into a death trap meticulously laid by the other party. Run, run. Zoan no longer cared about maintaining his boss-like demeanor. He jumped up from his chair and rushed towards the exit of the arena like a madman. The others also seemed to wake up from a dream, screaming and shoving each other, creating chaos. They were all scrambling to escape this hellish place that had turned into a battlefield. However, when they rushed to the exit, a protective shield of shadow energy that was visibly shimmering with a pale blue light. It is unknown when, but the entire coliseum has been completely sealed off. No matter how they bombarded with shadow techniques or how they rammed into each other with their bodies, that seemingly thin protective shield remained completely unmoved. They became trapped beasts locked in a cage. Open the door. Open the door for me right now. The oneeyed man, acting like a mad man, frantically pounded on the energy shield with his intact fist, drawing blood, but to no avail. Meanwhile, in the central control room on the highest level of the coliseum, Night Owl stared blankly at the monitor screen. Those big shots who had been rushing around like headless flies slowly lowered their hands from the barrier open button. His personal terminal in his pocket was ringing incessantly. The caller ID showed one. He ignored it, simply pressed the hang-up button, and then shut down the terminal. From the moment he chose to cooperate with Lan Yu, there was no turning back. On the observation deck, Zhao, OneEyed Dragon, and the other four big shots stared at the indestructible barrier, their faces drained of all color. They knew they were trapped. Let's fight him. A glint of mad ruthlessness flashed in the oneeyed man's eyes. If we all join forces, I refuse to believe we can't kill him. That's right. We still have a chance, Joan said through gritted teeth. They were all sevenstar powerhouses, figures standing at the top of the pyramid in Silverstar City, and they were unwilling to sit idly by and wait for their deaths. However, in Lanus eyes, their so-called fight to the death was nothing but a joke. A figure appeared in the center of the observation deck without warning. It was Lanu. He reverted to his original appearance, a faint hint of sarcasm on his young and handsome face. He looked at the five powerful figures who were slumped on the ground, still putting on a fierce front, but showing no real fear, and the trembling wealthy and powerful businessmen. Want to fight? Do you have the qualifications? He slowly raised his hand, and a cluster of jet black flames, seemingly capable of burning the soul, quietly ignited in his palm. Divine authority and power, Azjur's fire. Wait, we can talk. Zoan stared in horror at the cluster of black flames. He sensed a destructive aura emanating from above, a power capable of wiping him out of existence. He wanted to beg for mercy, to say something, but the flames had already died down. There was no violent explosion, nor any astonishing noise. The small cluster of black flames suddenly swelled up the moment it touched Zhao W's body. The pitch black karmic fire, like a blooming lotus of death, instantly engulfed Zhao. Ah! A piercing scream, inhuman and agonizing, came from the flames, but it lasted for less than a second before it abruptly stopped. Amidst the horrified gazes of the crowd, Zhoin's body along with his soul and the very essence of his life was it was completely burned to nothingness by those black flames. Not even a trace of ash remained. Gulp. Oneeyed dragon swallowed hard, feeling his legs trembling violently. A surge of heat flowed from between his legs, and a fishy, pungent smell instantly filled the air. He was so scared he wet himself. Chapter 395. Internal strife occurs. The other bigwigs and those powerful figures weren't much better off. They collapsed to the ground, their faces ashen, their eyes filled with endless despair. Lanu ignored these terrified idiots. His gaze swept across the entire room, finally landing on Leanne, who had kept his head down and remained silent throughout. Then he flicked his finger. The azure of fire transformed into a rain of fire that seemed to have eyes. It landed precisely on everyone except Leanne. Screams echoed across the observation deck, but it soon fell into complete silence. When the flames subsided, the entire observation deck was illuminated. apart from Lan Yu and Leanne who was so frightened he was about to faint. There was no one else alive of Silverstar City was completely wiped out that night and a terrifying title began to quietly circulate among the survivors of Silverstar City. That young man from the Lawn family, the one who wiped out all the underground forces overnight. They called him Calamity. The hunting tournament was like a massive earthquake with unprecedented force. It completely overturned the entire power structure of Silverstar City. Overnight, the leaders of six major underground forces along with most of the top elites in Silverstar City. They all vanished without a trace. The news spread like wildfire throughout the city's underground in the early hours of the following day. Countless people were shocked and panicked by this. But for the vast majority of ordinary citizens, this is a great thing. Those evil forces that used to bully and oppress the people were eradicated. The city's security situation improved dramatically in just a few days. At the heart of this storm, the atmosphere at the Xiao family mansion was unusually solemn. The current head of the Xiao family, Xiao Tian, and Xiao Chiming, and other high-ranking members who were fortunate enough to survive. At this moment, he stood respectfully in front of Lu, not daring to even breathe loudly. They looked at the still calm and composed young man before them, their hearts filled with boundless awe. In less than a week, this young man single-handedly carried out a bloody reshuffleling of the entire Silver Star City underworld. This kind of supernatural method has completely exceeded their comprehension. Holding a document in his hand, Zhiao Chiming reported in a trembling voice. Young Master Lawn, during the raid on a secret stronghold of the Black Serpent Society, we discovered some unusual information. He handed the document to Lan Yu with both hands. Lanu took the document and casually flipped through a few pages. Underground ruins. When Lu saw this word mentioned repeatedly in the document, he raised an eyebrow slightly. According to the information, the Black Snake Society and even the previous seven major underground forces. They seem to have been secretly investing in a mysterious project. They spent a huge amount of money and manpower to carry out some kind of secret excavation work in an abandoned mine on the outskirts of the city. The target of the excavation appears to be a littleknown ancient site. Interesting. Lonni put down the file. He has always been very interested in these so-called ancient ruins because such places often mean opportunities or rather treasures. Whether it's powerful relics or lost shadow techniques, some precious materials may be found in the ruins. More importantly, Nidhog within him also seemed to have developed a slight interest in this ruin. I suggest Lanu take a look. Lan Yu said calmly to Zhiao Chiming. Lee lead the way. Take me to see this. Yes, yes, Xiao Chiing replied hurriedly, bowing and scraping as if he had been granted a pardon. Soon, an expedition team composed of Xiao family's elite shadow artists was assembled under Ziao Chimings leadership. The group soon arrived at the secret excavation site located on the outskirts of the city. On the surface, this place appears to be just an old mine that has been abandoned for many years, desolate and dilapidated. But deep within an extremely secluded cave lies a huge elevator platform. The group rode the platform downhill. As the depth increases, the surrounding air becomes increasingly humid and oppressive. An ancient and desolate aura wafted over me. When the lifting platform finally stopped after descending nearly a kilometer, an incredibly magnificent underground space appeared before everyone. This place resembles a huge underground construction site. Countless search lights illuminated the entire space as bright as day. Various large-scale excavation equipment can be seen everywhere, and there are extensive passageways. Like a spiderweb, it extends into the unknown depths of darkness. What's strange, however, is that the construction site is so huge. But now there was no one there, only deathly silence. Only the tools scattered on the ground and some uneaten food proved that people had been active here not long ago. Looking at the bizarre scene before him, Ziao Chiing felt a sense of forboding stranges. The information says that there should still be a group of core members of the Black Snake Society staying here. They are in charge of the specific excavation work, and to maintain secrecy, they have very little contact with the outside world. These people probably don't even know their hideout was raided. But now, where have they all gone? Uncle Fu walked to a digging site and gently brushed away the dust on the ground with his cane. His sharp gaze swept around. Then he said in a deep voice, "Young master, there is a faint smell of blood in the air, and there are signs of a battle on the ground." Upon hearing this, everyone felt a chill run down their spines. Lu didn't speak, but simply walked towards the depths of one of the widest passages. The others quickly followed. As the group ventured deeper, the stench of blood grew increasingly intense. Soon they found the first body on the ground in the passageway. The deceased was dressed in black serpent society attire, and his death was gruesome. His chest was pierced by a sharp weapon, and his face was frozen in a look of terror. Then came the second, the third. The further in you go, the more corpses you see. The entire passage was almost entirely covered with corpses, and the ground was stained red with blood. It's like a road to hell. Ziao Chiming stared at the horrific scene before him, his face pale and his voice trembling. What? What's going on? Is there some kind of infighting? Lanu shook his head. It's not internal strife. He pointed to the wounds on one of the corpses and said calmly. The wound was clean. A single blow was fatal. The person who struck was far more skilled than them, and the technique was very professional. Moreover, within Lanus six senses, he had already detected the location of the person who made the move. Lanu continued walking forward. The group rounded a huge rocky band. The sight before them made everyone stop in their tracks. Chapter 396. Double crossing. In a more open area ahead, a group of mysterious people dressed in matching black outfits and wearing masks were busy at work. A group of people continued excavating a structure that looked like an ancient altar. Meanwhile, another group of people were dealing with the corpses on the ground, dragging them to a corner and piling them up. Upon seeing this group of people, Zhiao Chimings expression changed. They're not from Silverstar City. Double crossing. A knowing glint flashed in Lan Yus eyes. It seems someone is taking advantage of the weakened state of Silverstar City's underground forces after the purge, trying to reap the benefits. Just as Lan Yu and the others spotted the other party, the group of men in black also spotted them. Swish, swish, swish. Dozens of eyes turned towards them. After a brief moment of surprise, the group of men in black quickly reacted. They stopped what they were doing at the same time. He slowly turned around and surrounded Lan Yu and the others with hostile eyes. An aura of chilling menace instantly filled the air. The leader was a tall, powerful, peak level sevenstar expert. He looked at Lan Yu and his group of uninvited guests with no expression on his face. He spoke in a detached tone as if looking at a dead man. We didn't originally intend to kill so many people. Unfortunately, you saw something you shouldn't have seen, so I'm sorry. You can only blame yourselves for being unlucky. His words were filled with an undeniable doineering attitude and absolute confidence in his own strength. However, Lanu seemed completely oblivious to their undisguised killing intent. He didn't even glance at the yelling team leader. His gaze was completely fixed on the end of the passage. They were drawn to the exposed massive stone walls covered with ancient and mysterious murals. He walked forward slowly with great interest. Reaching out to gently touch the murals that have withstood the erosion of countless years feels like visiting an ancient museum. This feeling of being completely ignored instantly enraged the team leader who was at the peak of the seventh star level. Court death, he grinned maliciously, too lazy to say another word. He abandoned his original goal, transforming into a sharp after image carrying a violent aura. He delivered a powerful punch to the back of the blue-haired youth who was admiring the mural with his back to him. He was going to use the most brutal methods to turn this reckless brat into a pile of minced meat. How terrifying is the furious strike of a peak seven-star expert. The fist of the leader of the men in black was enveloped in a dense, almost tangible black aura. Even before the fist arrived, the fierce wind from the punch already made the surrounding rock walls rustle and send fragments of rock flying. Xiao Chiing and the others followed behind Lan Yu. Seeing this scene terrified them, and they screamed in shock. Young Master Lawn, be careful. They wanted to rush to their aid. But the other party was simply too fast. They didn't have time to react at all. He could only watch helplessly as that fist capable of destroying everything drew ever closer to Lanu's back. A cruel and triumphant smile had already appeared on the face of the leader of the men in black. He could almost see the scene of his opponent being blasted apart by his punch with flesh and blood flying everywhere. However, just as his fist was about to touch Lanu's body, an unexpected change has occurred. A huge black figure appeared out of thin air behind Lanu without warning. Like an insurmountable black mountain range, it firmly protected Lanu. It was the sevenstar puppet that Lanu obtained in the shadow realm, Black Rock. Its massive, almost cumbersome body, its black shell gleaming with a cold metallic sheen. Those blood red electronic eyes exuded a terrifying aura that sent chills down one's spine. Roar! A deep roar came from Black Rock's massive metal head. Facing the full force attack from the Peak Sevenstar leader, it neither dodged nor evaded. He also raised his metal arm, which was as thick as a pillar, and threw a punch to meet the attack headon. Two disproportionate fists, one large and one small, collided violently in midair. Boom! A deafening roar echoed throughout the entire underground space. The violent air currents were like a category 12 hurricane. Centered on the two of them, it spread wildly outwards. Ziao Chiming and the others were blown about by the shock wave, staggering backward, their faces filled with horror. The leader of the Sevenstar Peak team, who was at the center of the explosion, met an even more tragic end. He felt an indescribable, terrifying force, like a mountain collapsing and a tsunami crashing, coming from the others fist. That power was pure, doineering, and unreasonable. Snap! A crisp sound of bone cracking rang out. His fist, which he was very proud of, was powerful enough to split mountains and shatter rocks. It made contact with the opponent's giant metal fist. It shattered instantly. Then that terrifying force swept upwards along his arm with overwhelming force. His entire arm was instantly shattered into a cloud of blood mist. Puff! He coughed up a mouthful of blood, his whole body like a kite with a broken string. It flew backward and crashed heavily into a rock wall dozens of meters away. He smashed a huge human-shaped crater into the hard rock wall before sliding to the ground. What? What? What the hell is this? The team leader struggled to his feet, looking at his empty right arm. He then looked at the enormous puppet that was completely unharmed, except for shaking its metal fist. His face was filled with disbelief and utter horror. He could clearly sense that this suddenly appearing black puppet, although its aura was also at the peak of the seven stars level. But both their strength and the toughness of their bodies far exceeded his expectations. This is not even in the same league. Lanu gently brushed the dust off his shoulder, still studying the mural in front of him with great interest. He simply said to the sevenstar puppet beside him, "Leave no one alive." His voice was soft, yet it sounded like a judgment from the deepest hell. "Roar!" Upon receiving the command, Black Rock's scarlet electronic eyes blazed with intense red light. Like a tiger among sheep, it charged towards the group of blackclad men who were completely dumbfounded. "Quick, stop it! Attack together! kill this monster. The remaining men in black finally snapped out of their shock, though they were terrified. But being well-trained elites, they quickly reorganized their formation. Various shadow techniques were unleashed at Black Rockck as if they were free. However, they then experienced firsthand what true despair really meant. Their attacks, whether sharp blades or ferocious shadow techniques, it landed on Black Rock's black body, which shimmerred with a metallic sheen and only sent up a series of sparks. Aside from making a series of clanging sounds, it couldn't even leave a white mark. Chapter 397. This is the devil. Black Rock's attacks, however, were simple and brutal. It didn't use any fancy shadow techniques, relying solely on its unparalleled terrifying power and indestructible massive body. With a single punch, a highle shadow master was instantly reduced to a bloody pulp. With one kick, several men in black were crushed into mincemeat. It was like a runaway heavy tank rampaging through the crowd. Every attack inevitably takes away several precious lives. This was a complete one-sided massacre. Those men in black who considered themselves elite. Compared to Black Rock, it was as fragile as paper. A demon a devil. This is a devil. Run. Finally, someone's psychological defenses completely collapsed. He threw down his weapon and fled frantically towards the exit of the passage. However, he had only run a few steps when a dark red beam of energy shot out. It shot out from Black Rock's chest, instantly piercing his body and vaporizing him into nothingness. Magic annihilation cannon. Seeing this scene, the last glimmer of hope in the hearts of all those in black was completely shattered. They couldn't understand it until their deaths. Why a seemingly harmless young man? It can actually summon such terrifying weapons of war as if they came out of myths and legends. Meanwhile, Zhiao Chiing and the Xiao family's elites had become completely numb to it all. They stared blankly at the scene before them, which seemed like a divine or demonic descent, their minds blank. They originally thought that they would be able to defeat this group of powerful men in black. Luual personally take action and stage an earthshattering battle. Unexpectedly, the opponent simply summoned a puppet which easily defeated all the enemies in a near crushing manner. This effortless and powerful display of strength, capable of obliterating enemy ships with a mere wave of the hand, has once again redefined their understanding of the word power. Their reverence for Lan Yu is ingrained in their very bones and souls. Less than a minute, there were no more men in black standing in the entire passage. The ground was littered with severed limbs and broken corpses, and the strong stench of blood assaulted everyone's senses. Black Rock quietly walked back behind Lan Yu, its massive body enveloped in a burst of light. It transformed back into a black core sphere, which Lan Yu casually put away. The entire underground space returned to silence. Lanu turned to Uncle Fu and said, "Uncle Fu, please check their identities." Uncle Fu replied, "Yes, young master." He stepped forward, looked at the corpses of the men in black on the ground, and gently tapped them with his black cane. A wisp of black mist, barely perceptible to the naked eye, emanated from the tip of his staff and seeped into the brains of the corpses. This is the ability of Fu B's contracted spirit, the spirit of the dead, which can extract memories from the dead. A moment later, Uncle Fu's expression changed slightly. He walked up to Lan Yu and respectfully reported, "Young master, we found out everything. These men in black are from the Blackwood family, the Karoki family." Lanu paused for a moment when he heard the name, feeling that it sounded somewhat familiar. He thought for a moment before he remembered. It's the one you mentioned before. The one that secretly funded the Kelster family. The family whose investment went down the drain because I killed the former head of the family. Uncle Fu nodded. Yes, young master. They somehow got wind of the discovery of a site underground in Silverstar City that may be related to the mythical era. So, they sent this elite squad hoping to get a share of the pie. but unexpectedly. Upon hearing this, Lanu couldn't help but smile. What a small world. Before I could even confront them, they came to me of their own accord. However, he didn't take it to heart for the time being. In his eyes, the mere Blackwood family was no longer a threat. Well talk about it later. Now, he is more interested in what secrets are hidden deep within this ruin. He turned around and continued walking towards the end of the passage. There seemed to be something there faintly calling to him. Passing through the bloodstained passage, an even more magnificent underground cave appeared before them. This is the true entrance to the ruins. A massive gate tens of meters high and cast from an unknown bronze stands silently in the center of the cave. Above the gate, countless intricate and ancient runes were carved, exuding a chilling and desolate aura. The door was tightly shut, but below it, the Karoki family had already taken over. They used violence to forcibly create a gap large enough for one person to pass through. Clearly, they had only recently entered the ruins. Xiao Chiming stared at the dark, gaping opening in the ominous aura emanating from the doorway. A sense of dread crept into my heart, and my voice trembled slightly. Young Master Lawn, should we still go in? The one-sided massacre just now had completely shattered his psychological defenses. All he wants now is to get out of this awful place as soon as possible. Lanu did not answer him but walked straight to the bronze gate. Fluctuation of shadow energy coming from behind the portal. That fluctuation was ancient, profound, and also contained a hint of violence. Interesting. Lanu smiled slightly and without the slightest hesitation stepped directly into the gap. Uncle Fu followed closely behind, holding a cane. Xiao Chiming and the remaining elite members of his Xiao family. They exchanged a glance and although they were extremely unwilling, they could only grit their teeth and follow. After passing through the gap, the view suddenly opened up before me. The interior of the ruins was not the dark and damp ancient tomb that people imagined. Instead, it was an underground palace of unimaginable size. The dome is towering, its height unknown, perhaps several hundred meters. Countless strange crystals radiating a soft glow. Like stars embedded in the dome, they illuminated the entire palace as bright as day. The ground beneath our feet was flat and smooth, paved with a single piece of obsidian. All around stand enormous stone pillars carved with mythical creatures such as dragons, phoenix's, and chilin supporting this magnificent underground temple. The air was filled with a dense, almost liquefied aura. Just a light inhale makes one feel refreshed and invigorated and even speeds up the circulation of internal energy. My god, where am I? Such dense shadow energy. Cultivating here for a day is probably equivalent to cultivating outside for a month. The Xiao family shadow masters sense the pure shadow energy around them. They all wore expressions of shock and ecstasy, temporarily forgetting their previous fear. However, there was no joy on Lan Yus face. His brow furrowed slightly because he sensed an extremely dangerous aura within this seemingly peaceful palace. That aura was hidden in the deepest part of the palace. Like an ancient beast lurking in the darkness, it was watching them, these uninvited guests with its cold eyes. Chapter 398. First use of shadow transformation. Roar. Just then, a terrifying roar seemingly from the ancient wilderness boomed from the depths of the palace. That roar was filled with boundless violence and killing intent. The sound alone transformed into tangible sound waves, causing the entire palace to vibrate and crystals to fall from the dome. The Xiao family shadow puppeteers were caught off guard. The roar caused their blood to surge, making them dizzy and lightaded. Those with weaker strength even bled from their mouths and noses, their faces turning deathly pale. What is that? Xiao Chimi Ming was horrified. The next moment, they witnessed a scene that they would never forget and that filled them with utter despair. From the shadows deep within the palace, an enormous figure slowly rose to its feet. It was a terrifying shadow monster as big as a small mountain with an extremely ferocious appearance. Its entire body is covered with a shell as hard as obsidian, and the shell is covered with ferocious bone spikes. Its head resembles that of a lizard, but it has three eyes that gleam with a scarlet light. Its mouth split open, revealing a mouthful of fangs as sharp as swords and foul smelling saliva. The drops fell from the corners of his mouth to the ground, corroding the hard obsidian floor and creating deep, sizzling pits. Its limbs are thick and powerful, and its claws are like cimeters. Every time it moves, the ground trembles. What is most terrifying is the terrifying pressure emanating from it, as vast and boundless as a boundless ocean. Eight stars. This was none other than a genuine eight-star level terrifying shadow monster. Eight. Eight star shadow monster. Xiao Chi Mings legs went weak when he saw the ferocious beast. He collapsed to the ground. His face drained of color, filled only with endless despair. The other shadow puppeteers in the Xiao family weren't much better off. Their faces were ashen and their bodies trembled like leaves in the wind. Under the terrifying, almost tangible pressure of the eight star shadow monster, they felt the shadow energy within their bodies. They were practically frozen solid, unable to even muster the slightest thought of resistance. Roar! The eight-star shadow monster clearly didn't give them much time to reflect. Its three scarlet eyes were fixed on the swarm of ants that had invaded its territory. With an angry roar, its massive body transformed into a black lightning bolt and charged forward. Form ranks. Form ranks. Now, among the Xiao family members, there was an elder who appeared to be the most experienced and whose strength had reached the mid-stage of the seven stars realm. Suppressing his fear, he let out a roar. He is the chief instructor of the Xiao family's guard team and also the strongest person in this expedition team besides Lan Yu and Uncle Fu. Under his command, the remaining dozen or so elite members of the Xiao family. They also forcibly suppressed their fear and quickly formed a defensive battle formation. You, the head instructor, roared and unleashed his full power of shadow energy to its limit. Others followed suit. More than a dozen powerful auras converged before them. It formed an incredibly thick shield of shadow energy that shimmerred with an earthy yellow light. This is the Xiao family's trump card combined attack formation, black tortoise wall. It is said that when this formation is mastered to its fullest extent, it is powerful enough to withstand a full force attack from an eight-star expert. However, ideals are often grand while reality is often harsh. Boom! The eight-star shadow monster completely ignored the energy shield in front of them. Its massive head, like a battering ram, slammed into it. Snap! A crisp cracking sound rang out called the black tortoise wall is formed by the combined power of more than a dozen highle shadow masters and is said to be able to withstand a single blow from an eightstar expert. It touched the shadow monster. It shattered like fragile glass. The battle formation was broken in an instant. Puff, the chief instructor in charge of the formation was the first to be struck by lightning. He coughed up a mouthful of blood and flew backward. His fate unknown. The other Xiao family shadow puppeteers also suffered a severe backlash, staggering and falling, some dead and others injured. The shadow monster broke through the formation with a single blow, its ferocity unddeinished, it opened its gaping m large enough to swallow a truck hole. It swallowed the two Xiao family shadow masters closest to it in one gulp. Ah, help. A piercing scream echoed through the palace. The remaining members of the Xiao family were completely devastated. They watched helplessly as their companions were devoured by the monster like chewing wax. They chewed until the bones were shattered and the flesh was mangled and swallowed it. They were terrified, their livers and gallbladders trembling, and they fled in panic, wishing they had more legs. They ran back the way they came as madmen. However, how could they possibly be faster than the eight-star shadow monster? The shadow monster s tail as long as a steel whip swept casually just moments before the fleeing filmmakers were whipped to pieces by their tails. A figure appeared before them without warning. It's Lu. He simply extended one hand. Bang. A dull loud bang. The massive tail that could have blown an armored vehicle apart. It was caught steadily by that hand that didn't look particularly large. The ground beneath Lu's feet cracked inch by inch, but he himself remained completely still. He gripped the giant tail with his backhand and used his waist to exert force. He actually swung the mountain-sized monster up and slammed it hard into its carropase. The monster was in pain and staggered backward from the punch, a crack appearing on its hard shell. It's a bit hard, Lanu thought to himself, shaking his hand with his current physical body enhanced by the kings body. An ordinary eight-star expert would not be so lucky to take this punch. Several of their bones would be broken. This monster's defense is indeed quite good. Perfect. Let's try out this new trick. As he thought this, strange black patterns began to appear on Lanu's body. That's right. This is exactly the shadow transformation. This was something his sister taught him before she left. The next moment, a vast and powerful force of shadow energy erupted from his body. Centered on him, a visible black wave of energy suddenly spread out. The hard obsidian ground cracked inch by inch under the impact of this shock wave, spreading outwards like a spiderweb. Ziao Chiing was so overwhelmed by this sudden aura that he was forced to lie flat on the ground. He didn't even have the strength to lift his head. And this is just the beginning. Under Ziao Chiings horrified gaze, Lan Yus body began to undergo astonishing changes. Black scales, like dragon scales, shimmerred with a dark luster. Emerging from beneath his skin, it quickly covered his entire body, forming a well-fitting black suit of armor. His pupils transformed into majestic golden vertical pupils, as if a god were looking down upon the mortal world. That's not all. King's demon armor. The shadow energy within his body surged wildly beyond the layer of dragon scale armor on his body. It has once again coalesed into an even more ferocious and doineering set of black demonic armor. The armor was covered with ancient and mysterious magic runes, radiating a terrifying power that could distort space itself. At this moment, Lanus height had increased to nearly 2 m. Enveloped in double armor, his golden vertical pupils burned with fierce fighting spirit. He hovered silently in midair like a demon god who stepped out of ancient mythology, wielding power of killing and destruction. Chapter 399. God of Dreams. The immense suffocating pressure even permeated the entire underground palace. They all began to tremble violently as if they might collapse at any moment. Roar! The eightstar shadow monster finally sensed the terrifying aura that made its heart tremble. As an eight-star shadow monster with considerable intelligence, it could clearly sense that the power emanating from the other party posed a fatal threat to it. A fear stemming from animal instinct arose spontaneously in its heart. Roar! The shadow monster let out a roar that was both angry and tinged with fear. It abandoned the tattered food on the ground and pushed off the ground with its massive body. Transforming into a black after image, it actually chose to escape. It wants to escape this place. Escape from this demon that terrifies it. However, how could Lanu possibly give it that opportunity? Trying to run, he didn't even move. He simply raised his fist, which was covered in black magic armor and dragon scales. Then in the direction the shadow monster fled, he casually threw a punch. There was no earthshattering fanfare, nor any dazzling light effects. This punch looked simple and unremarkable. But the moment that punch was thrown, the space in front of Lanu shattered like a mirror, a transparent fist force, visible to the naked eye, formed from pure ultimate physical power. It traversed hundreds of meters in an instant at a speed that surpassed both sound and light. It slammed hard into the back of that eightstar shadow monster. Boom! A terrifying roar, several times more terrifying than any previous collision, exploded with a deafening boom. The eight-star shadow monster, whose size rivaled that of a mountain, and whose defense was strong enough to withstand missile bombardment, was struck by this fist forced the instant it was hit. Its massive body suddenly stiffened. Then, under Xiao Chimings completely stunned gaze. Its indestructible black carrapase began to crack from the point of impact. Cracks spread across its entire body in an instant like a spiderweb. Bang! A muffled cracking sound rang out of the eight star shadow monster exploded like a watermelon that had been detonated from the inside. Blood and flesh filled the air, mixed with shattered internal organs and bones like a rain of blood that blanketed the entire underground palace. One punch. Just one punch. A genuine powerful eight-star shadow monster so strong that even the Xiao family's elite forces were powerless to resist was just instantly killed. It was completely blasted into countless pieces of flesh. Ziao Chiing stared blankly at the scene before him that overturned his entire understanding of life. His brain had completely shut down. He opened his mouth wide, wanting to say something, but found that his throat was blocked by something and he couldn't utter a single word. He felt like he was having a bizarre nightmare. Lan Yu slowly descended from midair and his shadow transformation state and monarch demon armor were also deactivated, restoring him to his original appearance. That punch just now drained a large amount of shadow power, equivalent to onethird of the shadow power of an ordinary seven-star shadow master. However, the results are also obvious. With the combined effects of shadow transformation and king's demon armor, the power of dual enhancements is unleashed. His strength, speed, and defense have all reached an extremely terrifying level. He was confident that in this state, he could even put up a fight against a true n-star powerhouse. Having dealt with the guardian of the ruins, Lanu didn't linger and headed straight for the deepest part of the palace. That faint sense of calling became increasingly clear. He walked through the empty palace and came to a huge altar. In the center of the altar, a romboid crystal about the size of a fist radiating seven colored light floats silently. That sense of calling came from this crystal. This is Lanu looked at the crystal. A hint of doubt flashing in his eyes. Just then, Nit and Hell's voices rang in his mind at the same time. This is the aura of the god of dreams. Nidhog's voice echoed in his mind, tinged with surprise. The god of dreams. What is that? Lanu asked in his heart. Nidhog continued. An ancient god who had already fallen in the age of mythology. He holds the power over dreams and illusions. Although he is not strong in combat, he creates illusions. Yet, it is enough to make even a true god deeply entangled in it, unable to extricate himself. I never expected that his legacy would appear here. Quickly, use your shadow magic to guide this power. This is a good thing. It might even allow you to wield some control over illusion magic. Upon hearing Nidhog's words, Lan Yus heart stirred. Illusion. Ever since he was tricked by the nightmare king's illusion in the shadow realm, he has been resentful of this ability. If one could also master this power, it would undoubtedly make one's methods more diverse and unpredictable. Without further hesitation, he immediately mobilized the chaotic power within his body, slowly channeling it into the obelisk along his arm. His chaotic power came into contact with the divine power within the obelisk. Lanu felt as if his consciousness was being pulled into a strange colorful space by a huge suction force. Countless images flashed before his eyes like a revolving lantern. Gods fight in the heavens and giant beasts roar in the abyss. Some prosperous nations were reduced to ruins in the flames of war while new civilizations quietly emerged from those ruins. Those are fragments of memories left behind by the god of dreams before his fall. Lanu's consciousness rises and falls constantly in this ocean of memories. I don't know how much time has passed. When all the images disappeared, his consciousness returned to his body. The system notifications sounded in his mind as expected. Detection has indicated that you have absorbed the residual divine power of the god of dreams. Congratulations. You have acquired the new divine authority ability. Endless illusion. Source of power. God of dreams. Effect creates an absolutely realistic illusionary space. Within this space, you are the soul god able to alter the environment at will, create things, distort the five senses and cognition of those trapped, and even directly inflict irreversible psychological damage. Note the intensity and realism of the illusion are directly proportional to the amount of shadow power you invest. It's done. A hint of joy flashed in Lanu's eyes. This endless illusion ability is practically tailor made for him. Just then, the light on the obelisk gradually dimmed. In the center of the monument, a spot that was originally solid slowly cracked. A diamond-shaped crystal about the size of a palm emitting a soft white light slowly rose from it. The crystal was sparkling and clear with what seemed like a galaxy flowing inside, exuding a mysterious aura. "What is this? A mythological relic?" Wanu asked curiously. Nidhog's voice, however, carried a hint of confusion. "No, this thing doesn't have the aura of a mythical relic. It feels more like a key." Key chapter 400 second sword form, Nithog said to some ancient treasure vault. Although the specific purpose of this thing is unclear, however, adhering to the principle of not making a wasted trip, Lan Yu put the mysterious crystal away, who knows, we might need it sometime in the future. 2 days later, at the Xiao family mansion, two young servants of the Xiao family were pushing a food cart piled high with exquisite dishes. They cautiously made their way to the deepest part of the mansion, which was now the most central and forbidden area of the entire Xiao family, the temporary residence of young Master Lanu. This is their fifth delivery today. Each time the food cart was pushed in, it was piled up like a small mountain. But when it was pushed out, only clean plates remained. Brother Wong, tell me, how exactly does Young Master Lon managed to eat so much? This is the fifth trip already. The total amount is enough to feed dozens of our guards for a whole day, right? One of the younger servants lowered his voice, his face filled with undisguised confusion and awe. The older servant, addressed as brother Wong, glared at him upon hearing this, and reprimanded him in an even lower voice. Keep your voice down. How dare we discuss young Master L's affairs? It's only natural that strong people have large appetites. What do you know? Even so, Brother Wongs own eyes were filled with shock. body cultivators known for their large appetites. Compared to this young master lawn, those people were like kittens pecking at rice. This isn't just a matter of having a large appetite. It's like there's a ravenous beast lurking in the room. However, he only dared to think such thoughts in his heart and would never dare to say them out loud. The young servant nodded quickly, then exclaimed with a hint of admiration, "Yes, yes, brother Wong is right. However, ever since young master lawn came, our silver star city has been much more peaceful. You can't see any of those gangsters who used to roam the streets anymore, so I feel much safer going out at night. Of course, brother Wong's face also showed a proud expression. Didn't you see that? Even those stewards and high-ranking officials in our manner who used to be arrogant and look down on everyone, now when they see young Master Lawn, aren't they all like my seeing a cat, not daring to even breathe loudly? That's real power. Young Master Lon is a ruthless man who single-handedly exposed the dark side of the entire Silverstar City. Their words were filled with admiration and awe for Lan Yu. For ordinary people like them living at the bottom of society, whoever can bring peace and order is a hero worthy of respect. Lu's ruthless methods were seen as a calamity by the powerful in the underworld. But in their eyes, it was a ray of hope to dispel the gloom. The two had arrived at the room door while they were talking. Brother Wong took a deep breath, straightened his collar, and then respectfully knocked on the door. "Young Master Lawn, your meal has been delivered. Come in." A calm, youthful voice came from inside the room. The two pushed open the door and slowly pushed the food cart inside. Inside the room, the legendary young master of the lawn family was sitting quietly at his desk, seemingly studying something. He didn't turn around, but the two of them locked eyes for a fleeting moment. I felt an invisible, indescribable, and immense aura rushing towards me, as if my soul was trembling slightly. That wasn't a deliberately released pressure, but rather an absolute difference in the level of life. It makes them instinctively feel small and in awe. Let let it go. The two of them didn't dare to look too long and quickly place the dishes on the table. Then, as if fleeing for their lives, they hurriedly pushed the empty food card out of the room. It wasn't until I closed the door that I felt the almost suffocating pressure suddenly disappear. Phew, that scared me to death. The young servant leaned against the wall, panting heavily, his back already soaked with cold sweat. Brother Wong patted his chest, still shaken. From now on, speak less and do more in front of young Master Lawn. Understand? Inside the room. As the door closed, a hint of helpless indulgence appeared on Lan Yus previously calm face. In his shadow, a petite figure quietly emerged, transforming into a white lightning bolt almost instantly, eagerly rushing towards the table full of food. It was hell, who hadn't been able to get out and about for a long time. M delicious. This grilled meat is even better than last time. This soup is delicious, too. It's sweet. The white-haired girl's mouth was stuffed full like a little hamster stealing food. Her cheeks puffed out, and her pure eyes narrowed into crescent moons with happiness. She mumbled her comments while devouring the food on the table at a speed completely disproportionate to her petite frame. The idea that strong people have large appetites is a misunderstanding. Gluttonous dragon goddess sister from the ancient abyss. Looking at her like this, Lanu's coldness softened slightly, and he said softly, "Eat slowly. I'll have them sin more if you're not full." Hell's mouth was full of food, so he could only nod vigorously to indicate his agreement. In the past two days, he has been having Uncle Fu and the Xiao family, who have completely submitted, clean up the remaining forces in In City. The second Shikagami sword technique he had obtained from Sky City. However, no matter how he tried, he felt that the method of that sword technique was shrouded in a thick fog. It's obscure and difficult to understand. There's simply no way to begin. Just then, Nithog's slightly lazy voice echoed in his mind. All right, stop wasting your energy. It's normal that you can't figure it out right now. Why? Wu asked himself. Nidhog explained. Because your level of understanding is not yet sufficient. Each move of the divine sword technique corresponds to a completely new level of power. The first move, eight mountains suppressing prison, is already a testament to your exceptional talent that you were able to master at the sevenstar realm. And this second move requires the user to reach at least the eight star level and be able to initially comprehend and mobilize the laws of space before they can begin to cultivate it. I see. Lu was somewhat disappointed, but he quickly accepted reality. It seems that if you want to improve your strength, you have to do it step by step. Being too eager for quick results will only backfire. He decided to put aside the second sword technique for the time being and study it after he broke through to the eight star. just as he was about to get up and enjoy this rare moment of leisure with hell. Bang! The door to the room was suddenly kicked open and a subordinate of the Xiao family rushed in in a panic, scrambling and stumbling without even knocking. He knelt on the ground with a thud, his voice trembling with extreme fear, and he reported in a hurried incoherent voice, "Young Master Lawn, young Master Lawn, something terrible has happened. Something something horrific has occurred.
