Title: DIG vs SEN Highlights ALL GAMES | LCS Spring 2026 W7D2 | Dignitas vs Sentinels
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKOcHJvFoP4

Content:
if they really want to mix it up, but pretty standard stuff I feel like from Sentinels. Uh really good zone control. You have obviously the Anivia wall, the Anivia alt, you have Caitlyn traps, you have, [music] you know, Lux binding. Um you have so many tools to make entering into a fight very, very difficult. The Shen versus Photon doing that well, and it was really kind of There was a conspicuous absence of Ornn, of K'Sante. He's leaning forward. He is and >> Oh, as mid lane Darkwings popped into the Anivia passive, he's fine. Um but he had not played a single game of K'Sante, Sion, or Ornn. All champions that are super related to him. >> Now Palafox might not be okay. He used the ghost and the flash just to get the passive on Darkwings, and that's first blood. >> solution if you get hit by a binding, the trap will be there to follow. Of course, post six, uh Milio will be there to try to back you up. And um FBI just looking for some trades here. Who he clearly wants to get back to base to reset, um but had to stay around cuz he was getting a little bit nervous there for a hell. Yeah, Who he doesn't have a lot of mana, but will now get the reset up as well. I think that unanimously the community agrees with that, and I have to concur as well. When you look at the games that they win, everyone's stepping up, but FBI consistently, even in the games they're losing, has been the one that looks like he's staying in the game. Photon also though getting some nods, happy about that uh as well. Yeah, I mean, I think Photon, especially in Lock In, was a real carry threat. He has had some good games throughout the regular season, but I feel like has not been as dominant as what we saw from him in Lock In, where it was feeling like, "Oh man, this guy's laning phase is really scary." And oh, nice binding there as uh FBI will be fine. Milio shields and heals are just too much right now for them to get through. And that was barrier out from FBI as well. So, you know, they does pop the barrier. IgNar was not yet six, so Final Spark just kind of thrown out basically as as a little bit of hope, right? You You need to go some sort of of wave clear item, and almost always people do prefer the Titanic Hydra. Uh lets you get those waves moving in the right direction very quickly. And if you want to be a split push threat, then that's kind of what you need and >> run and walk away. Yeah, Darkwings is coming down to cover as well. I actually like that they are not over forcing on a dive and instead just keep delaying the base, delaying the base, delaying the base. He's got to have Hextech Optics. Yep, there's the Hextech Optics on base. There's a Shurelya's too. So, first items for both AD carry and support. Is Darkwings now the focus in the mid lane? Throws out the stun, flashes the wall, but a follow from Xayah. Not going to land the knock up. So, Darkwings is fine. Yeah, that's frustrating there for Xayah, but that is kind of what you're dealing with as Impact. Maybe going to find an angle. Throws out the Unstoppable Onslaught. Flash from Photon and Rahell is here with the autos. Knock up lands. Photon trying to get back to safety. Walking into the Lux ultimate. Is able to dodge out that one. Who he? Can he get the kill credit? Photon Shadow Dashes away. Light Binding lands. Ace in the hole for the kill credit. Rahell picks it up. Nice play there for Yeah, you got his flash. Like, that is still a trade up, but Sandy United with no CDR is a 3-minute cooldown. Like, that is brutal, right? The next time you're going to be even looking for a play is around 20 minutes. And so, that is really, really good. Like, Nocturne or Alistar or Nautilus. Like, someone who's going to be able to go in and and make sure that they are still there as you are arriving. Slow bleed here as Sentinels just creep further and further ahead. I actually would love if stats could take a look at Rahell and how many turret plates he's got. Cuz it I must have been all five bot. I know he got at least one top and I think three mid. So, Rahell might have just gotten two full turrets worth of plates essentially. I think that's fair. I feel like that should be allowed. >> Reasonable. I like that. Actually, goes in with the Audacious Charge onto Rahell. Just trapped up. Has the Crescent Guard available. He's holding it for a very long time. But now walled off. Cataclysm from Hambock. As Xayah is still rooted in place. Goes back onto Rahell and taken out of there. That's another kill to the AD carry as the kills continue. FBI Hit by Darkwings and Impact. And Sentinels just pick up two in the mid lane. You did say it was a slow bleed, but I feel like they're missing some limbs at at this point now. They're bleeding uncontrollably. >> Azelle. No. No? No, it's There's internal damage there as well. [laughter] Internal bruising. Somebody check the left side for me. >> you know. Oh. Make any final words, you know, you got to get them in. Yeah, I I I feel like I'm usually a positive guy when it comes to in-game chances. >> And I've said it over and over, then that's what you're going to go for, but uh unfortunately, if you do lose a 20-minute Baron to a team that is already 7.5k ahead and on soul points, it's uh going to be tough. >> Also, rule number one, if you're being hunted, pack together strong. Dark Wings with the team as Colleen will get a big chunk of damage onto him, but Cataclysm by FBI actually trying to keep him alive, buys some space for the AD carry. As now the trap lands onto XU, the Crescent Guard has expired. Dignitas just don't have the ultimates to walk up. They almost got Dark Wings into the passive, but not quite enough. They at least stopped the Baron. Yeah, they do stop the Baron, which is good. Um but they spend their Stance of the Dragon, the Crescent Guard, they spent a lot of tools there to keep so >> Photon in there, just solo mission. Oh, the Light Binding lands onto Two as the flash taunts XU at the flank onto Huhi. Dignitas find a play and get their first kill of the game. >> I tell you? Lux Give him give him a couple friends up there. Yeah. >> [laughter] >> 25 seconds till the next dragon. This is the soul, so Sentinels have been playing a clean game so far, and now it looks like they're going to pick Palafox in the side lane. He flashes away, dodges the Flag and Drag, but the Cataclysm will land true, and that is a pick for Sentinels. Honorable. There you go. >> That's what we learned. I think that's a plot. Am I close? I don't know. We'll count it. I feel like I'm disappointing Captain Flowers right now, cuz he's like the '80s movie guy, and every time I mention a movie I haven't seen, he gets really sad. So, >> [laughter] >> sorry. Sorry, Clayton. Either way, dragons >> I mean, it feels like the only kind very small little glimmers of light has been FBI getting some pressure here and there, but Xiu walled off from the rest of the team has to jump in with the Crescent Guard. He's solo versus five right now. Photon does come in with Sand United, but Xiu has to flash away from the cataclysm, does survive for now, as Breath of Life will keep everybody topped off healthy enough to continue the escape. And Dignitas do get out of there, but that's a lot of defensive tools used by Dignitas, so Sentinels can just walk straight to the Baron. >> Yeah, pretty much everyone popped all their ults there. Dark Wings is going to be spotted on this ward, so they will be aware that this is happening. You got to go try to defend it. Maybe you get some random kills. If you take them out, if you steal the Baron, hey, at least you got a shot. >> Yeah, Baron might be the true carry of Dignitas, as it's shredding Sentinels right now, getting some extra damage in there as Hanbaek does secure the objective. Photon got in there, but Hanbaek is able to hold his ground, and Sentinels picks up the kill there. Yeah, Xiu couldn't even get over. Ah, flash to follow up onto Xiu as Rahel will go on a killing spree. Teleport into the mid lane as it looks like it's going to be a slaughter. Double kill to Rahel. FBI flashes the flag and drag as he looks for the binding onto Ignar, and FBI just has no chance. Sentinels completely suffocated Dignitas in this game one. >> That is just domination here in the first game. Nine to one, 10K up, 25 minutes in. You got soul Baron, and you're going for the Nexus here. That is about as stomped as you can get. On the bright side, Sentinels looking like the best team in the LCS right now as they all for just looking pure stats. As they'll take down these two Nexus turrets, Sentinels making very quick work of Dignitas in game number one. They're hopeful for that top four playoff position as they will take game one. Well played there by Sentinels, looking locked in here. The Caitlyn Lux bot lane doing a lot of work. And now you're just looking for the answering pick here for Photon. Is it going to be compositional or is it going to be about the lane? And if that Ornn gets locked in, which it does, it is just really about the comp. So, he's going to be playing, you know, less for the 1v1, though I do think Ornn can do fine in the Freljord. And much you down a flash there. Tried to go for the big play, did not find it unfortunately for him. Bahambac is looking for Palafox. >> He shows Impact, lands onto Palafox, gets the stun into the wall. Flash is available and he's not even use it. First blood to Bahambac. Palafox kind of just accepted his fate. He walks away. And Palafox very defensive build, understandably given the situation that he is in, but uh there is no damage behind this Annie. Flash Tibbers stunned. Now they're diving underneath the turret. Xayah looking for it and gets it. Even survives the spiral of despair. Dignitas get out. >> Yeah, nice engage there. Palafox goes in and it's double flash here from Dig, but they do get the kill. Got pretty close. Dark Wings almost was able to turn around there onto Xayah, Bahambac going to be looking. He doesn't have the damage to do anything here. >> nice. Yeah, maybe they get in Impale range, but Palafox is able to stun and just walk away. So, that's something. Signs of life for Dignitas. Xayah now on the board with a kill. Top lane looks like a 1v1 as Impact pops the Dominus. Photon should get back to his turret, no problem. And he's going to be able to catch this wave just fine. Yep. And the Protoplasm Harness going to get finished there. That's the MasterCard power spike. And it's Bahambac with that support item is going to have that done really quickly. And uh Photon starting to build an HP lead up on that top side because Dominus is down and Chain of Corruption is going to miss. Ooh, Cull of the Forge got from Photon. He's looking to take his own 1v1 here as Impact no longer has the Dominus, but Photon not in range to flash follow. And even with that big gold lead, Impact, you know, almost getting solo killed there. If he doesn't flash, he is dead. And that's what I was going to touch on is, you know, he had to use the Dominus just for health. And then he's starting to fall behind in health. And Cull of the Forge got was still there but photon is oom now so this is a little bit sketchy for impact but hambock is around they want to try to pull off a dive hambock is going to be the one that has to tank it up yeah if impact starts the turret aggro that's bad news so watch for hambock initially impact will just provide some damage afterwards it shows impact photon flashes and the arrow comes in to back him up and lands out of impact bellows breath bong auto so it's time to dig toss bot lane so sentinel is still out to a decent early game lead looking for pal fox as now hambock in the mid lane doesn't have the damage behind him but will throw out the impale he's stunned up but just trying to keep pal fox in place for dark wings to arrive pal fox trying to side step cannot do so hambock with the kill credit sentinels making plays >> stunned but the impale was already casting so he was able to actually land the impale while stunned because that goes through the cc and then just pulls him back that buys time for who he and dark wings to arrive and it's another good play by hambock garner and afterwards he goes straight to the dragon that's the first one picked up here there was one >> sword to done here now for an ethereal so you are going to be pretty strong up on that that jungle position here for dig toss but in fact photon fancies himself a one v one not quite able to land a second use of call the forge god impact is able to slice and dice away >> called him showed up somewhere else >> that was a that that was a page of the forge god page right there got to guess where you the first dragon was pretty late remember last game we had soul at 23 minutes and it's 15 in we only have one fire on display lands on photon for hell now the focus in the mid lane though two plays as dignitas get mid sentinels get bottom lane it's going to be an AD carry for top lane trade but dignitas might find more impact also in the mid lane pops the dominus but with three members of dig on top of him he's in trouble teleport coming in to back him up who he on the flank impact is still alive and dark wings turns the play for a kill impact just holds the line for so long. They're even going to get Ignar. Humbug with a kill credit there on a rampage. Sentinels make the play bot and back up the play mid. >> That was huge from Impact. Just getting in the middle of everyone. Got such a massive heal from the Cult of Meek there on three members of Dig. He was just shredding them with a Dominus with all his AoE damage. Bought enough time for the rest of the Sentinels members to arrive. And this took what was looking to the bot lane. Photon has to flash away as he was the focus. That's tempered fate used, but nice buff for as the herald dropped and it There was an outer turret. It was dropped between bottom outer and tier two and I didn't even realize there's still a turret there. Now Photon will throw Call of the Forge God feared away though. Not able to land it there. Actually it was the herald that got him up there. Stunned now into Xy at his own wolf camp. Sentinels Yeah, they just can't do any wrong. I mean they're getting engaged on bot side and they turn it back and get a pick in the jungle. Yeah, really nicely timed fear there coming out from Dark Wings denying the redirect of that Call of the Forge God from Photon. Palafox now looking for that engage. Rhaelle instant cleanse and gets out of there. Actually Mikael's instant from Huhi. Even more impressive that that is not his own cleanse. That is the perfectly timed Mikael's from Huhi. And Rhaelle doesn't even flash. He just sidesteps the encore, goes through the magical journey, gets to be in a very good spot. >> hard commit onto Palafox. That's magical journey from Huhi. They're teleporting up Impact. Palafox trying to get back to his tier two turret, but the cosmic binding lands in the chain CC continues. Palafox has a rocket belt away and Impact with one slice, one dice will take him down. >> Yeah, going to be able to get that kill and Humbug was playing guard duty here. Just kind of standing in between the rest of the Dignitas members. Now FBI in the mid lane. There's the cleanse from Rhaelle, but the tempered fate lands onto three Sentinels defending as they impale onto the carries. FBI's down. Ignar trying to escape. Xy jumping away from the team as who he flash stuns him in the wall. Dignitas can't go anywhere. Sentinels are ready for them everywhere they go. >> not be able to respond to it at all unlike last game. >> Golden I Bard rocking the double 08 score line right now. Baron picked up for Sentinels. 7.4 K gold >> team to play against because they play so aggressive. So, you never know what's going to happen in that one. And of course, that is a very important game for FlyQuest who's you know trying to get top four as well. But, Sentinels going to be depending upon Lion here to get their series win. >> But, they're putting themselves in a good spot for it cuz step one was win this series. And they are doing that with flying colors right now as they will. Game one was a giga stomp. Game two big surge to life now as Golden Guardians got from Dignitas. Photon lands this time only onto Hamboak. That's the tank. That's the front line. Not the one that you want to be hitting there. As the battle lines are drawn, we're just poking the Skarner, poking the Ornn. Impact now goes in, gets the stun, and base up the timbers while dashing away. So, Dignitas no longer have the big bear as Hamboak gets in, pulls back the carry yet again. FBI goes down, and Hamboak goes godlike. Sentinels hit the middle inhibitor turret as they have a five V four push with the Baron buff. Dignitas have to regroup under their nexuses. Yeah, Dignitas is just pulling back to try to heal up. I don't think Sentinels can end it right now, but they are going to be able to get this mid lane inhibitor. You can see pings onto the bot lane tier two as well. The gold lead now nearly 10,000. >> Yep. Sentinels just crushing it here once again against Dignitas and looking like they are in good form as they are going to be heading into playoffs, you know, whether or not they do get top four, they will be a part of playoffs. So, they are looking like they are ready to go. And everyone needs to be ready for Hamboak's Skarner. This is about to be five and oh >> this thing, man. 701 on this champion in this game. Like this guy, this is his bread and butter at this point. >> I really think it is one of these champions that he is deserving of the respect. You got to ban it. Ooh, actually right now Sentinels trying to get into Dignitas's jungle. Dark Wings hit with the tempered fate from Huhi. Now he's going to get knocked up. No, he flashes the wall. Able to get away from Dignitas's re-engages. Relic is out. The chain of corruption onto Photon. Again, the front line. Dignitas fighting for control of their own jungle as Sentinels making them work for it. Actually pushed away from the rest of the team on the top. While Dignitas grouping around their Ornn on the bottom lane. No one's going to go down yet, but Halbox walking in. Now call the forge god used. Only lands again onto Halbox, but look at Xyus. Gets out of the Dark Wings on the flank. They lost dragon of the fury, but Dark Wings does get away through the magical journey. Xyus survives as well. Nobody dead yet as Relic flashes and cleanses to get back to the rest of his team. I mean, you can see if how Dignitas can win this game, right? Like their compositionally, this is why I favor their comp. Chains of corruptions, it's onto the Ornn. And you don't even see his health move when the piercing arrow comes through. Xyus trying to steal away this camp, heal up a little bit. Um, but as long as you're putting some pressure on a Dark Wings Photon is very hard for this team to kill. >> Photon CPing back in. Dark Wings does not have TP, so Sentinels will not have their mid laner here for the dragon contest. The shell impact is delayed here. Halbox is trying to get onto Xyus, but Photon locked him in place. Halbox is going to go down. Dignitas just killed Sentinels jungler in the dragon pit as impact got the TP flank. Tempered fate lands onto one member. That's the Annie. Flash away from Halbox get back to safety of Dignitas. It's a 5 V 4 for Dig. No jungler on the enemy team. Can they hold the line? Flash from Huhi lands a double stun. Follow up damage from Dark Wings as Xyus looks to get onto the Huhi, but massive damage comes back. Dignitas will limp away with slivers of health bars. Sentinels winning the 4 V 5 push off Dig and they're going to continue the chase. Magical journey from who he actually slow down from the Bard autos. Rahel can't quite get in range for the damage, but I think message is sent. Sentinels will not back down even in a 4 V 5. >> Yeah, that was really nicely done. They knew that they were missing so many of their big cool downs, you know, no encore, no call the forge god at that time. So, they just went in for it. We try. We try. We try. We try. That's really all that you can want from them at this point in time. Down Beautiful. He realized, you know what? They're low on health, they're low on cool downs. I'm going to force this. So, magical journey's in, flashes You know what, Leo? With this stat, you moved into my top nine stats guys [laughter] currently employed by the LCS. >> Shout out to the LCS stats guy Leo for making Azael's top nine. That is a big move. He's moving up the rankings right the forge forge god from Photon lands onto Rahel, but nobody's in range to follow up. So, Dignitas used their big engage tool. Now, it's Sentinels' turn. They peel off from the Baron, head back towards the mid lane. Dignitas pretty much out of their engage range, though. As now we're just jockeying for mid lane control. The arrow goes wide. Sentinels didn't have to side step that one. So, Dignitas don't have the arrow, don't have the forge god. It really comes down to Palafox on the Annie to make anything happen here. They got to walk into a completely blind jungle. No wards for Dignitas down as they at least will get some down in the line brush. They do have four ornaments. So, you know, hey, that's something. If they can actually keep this game delayed, delayed, delayed, they do outscale. I really believe that. I mean, FBI is relevant, but of course, they are massively behind. One bad fight, the game will just end. Um, so, you don't get, you know, extra chances here, but It may be maybe five out of 316, but they're saying there's a chance. Okay, Azael? They could be number six. >> It could be number six. X you heavily chunked as Impact was waiting in the brush by the Baron. X you at about 200 health can just not approach the Baron to contest now. Photon trying to buy space for the rest of the team, but now he's the focus as he's half health himself. Dark Wings is pumping damage onto this Ornn. He is not invincible. Call the forge god will be pulled. Knock up onto the mid laner and they got him. Dark Wings just gets eviscerated by Photon. Actually, he's trying to get into the pit. Not in time. Will die for the attempt. Baron secured as now Photon yet again moving forward without the team behind him. They're getting blocked by Impact, but now the arrow goes out on Hombak. He gets the impale in time. Pulls back Photon and Palafox, but there's no damage behind him. Dignitas forced to flash out of Hombak. Retreat from Sentinels. They got the Baron, but Dignitas might take down Huhi. That's a shutdown for FBI. Hombak with the shields. Impact does get over the next wall. Impact teleported in. He's in a 1 v 4 right now. Full health bar plus teleport shield. Dignitas pretty low. Hombak stuck around. He's looking for Ignar. Blocking off the Seraphine, but Seraphine gets to the team. Rahel now rejoins. The arrows are landing. FBI is going to die. Impact slays the carry as Rahel goes on a killing spree as well. Dignitas tried their best, but Sentinels will get the Baron and in the prolonged team fight, take down four members of Dignitas. >> It was a valiant effort. You know what? You're down 10k. You're down three dragons. Sentinels made the difference. They get out. They're able to come back, reengage, and eventually knock down a lot of those members and now looking for this bot lane inhib. Palafox and FBI are back now. Still 20 until Photon is up, and it's going to be all about the soul. Can you prevent that and try to keep prolonging this game? Sentinels with the Baron push. They have two cannons hitting this bottom lane as they'll take the middle inhibitor as well. Supers will start spawning in the next wave rotation here. Sentinels still have cannons for two more waves. How much can they get done with these? One inhibitor or one nexus turret rather. It looks like it's about to go down, and there it is. So, one Nexus turret remains. Dignitas still have five. Call the forge gods available, Tibbers available, Arrow available. They have the tools, they just got to find the right target. Yeah, we'll see if they're going to be able to find that target. It's difficult. Plenty of kills, lots of tools available. >> in. Flash from Heraldo avoid the Tibbers as Root lands on the Palafox. Xuh is able to get onto Heraldo. The Varus is in trouble, the Varus is down. Shut down from Xuh as Impact in a 1 v 3 takes out the FBI. The carries both fall, but Impact gets a little more with the double kill. Support goes down. Two for two right now, but Dark Wings was untouched. Who he gets the kill on the Palafox. Sentinels with the mid laner leading the charge have more than enough damage to close out this game. Massive wave with supers. The second Nexus turret falls. Dignitas with Xuh and Photon trying desperately to take this fight, but Xuh stunned up by WhoHe, pushed by HomBock. That's the jungler out of there. That's Dignitas's split done. Sentinels with a 2-0 will continue into playoffs. Nicely done. Sentinels get it done here with the 2-0. Impact with a solo kill.
