Title: HUGE CHANGES for League of Legends in 2026 | New Season Explained
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRa-URjAyAs

Content:
2026 is just around the corner and now we finally know about all the changes coming to League of Legends to kick off their first season of the new year. The theme of season 1 will be for Damascia with a Damascian summoner rift and a bunch of skins to match. There's also an absolute ton of changes to systems, items, roles, ranked, and more with Riot aiming to make split pushing and sieging more viable again. So, let's get into it. Games will now start sooner with minions and camps spawning 35 seconds faster than before. There's also vision changes with fail lights now being added around the map that you can activate for less fog of war, as well as faster recharge rates on yellow trinkets and more scriers blooms will be around the map too. Atacon is being removed from the game and Baron will spawn back at 20 minutes again instead of 25. Along with Atacon, blood roses and blood petals are also saying goodbye and the feats of strength are being removed. So, the first blood and first tower gold rewards are coming back again. All epic monsters will be more durable, especially the big late game dragons and riots are lowering the speed of early game jungle clears, too. Towers are receiving a bunch of changes. Turret plates will now be permanent and added to all towers, including the ones in your base. Nexus turrets will respawn with partial health rather than full health, and the lane swapping detection mechanic is being removed. There's also going to be an inbuilt tower demolish mechanic called crystals, which builds up over time and allows you to deal chunks of damage to turrets when you haven't hit them for a while. Late game minion respawn rates are also being increased. For item changes, we have nine new items coming to the rift, and although the names are not final, this is everything we know so far. Hexoptic C44 or snowbow is a new AD crit item that deals more damage the further enemies are away from you and gives additional attack range on takedowns. Field Hunter Bolts is an attack speed and crit item with movement speed that grants ability haste. And it also gives you a ton more attack speed on your next three basic attacks. And they also critically strike for 75% of your normal crit damage. If an attack would already crit, it deals bonus true damage. Bastion Breaker is a new AD lethality item that deals additional true damage and also grants sabotage, which gives your next attack against an epic monster or tower a ton more true damage over 3 seconds. Then we have Diadem of Songs, which is a healing and shielding mana item built from tier, and its mana converts to heal the lowest nearby ally for 1% of your max mana. It's like Moonstone had a baby with a tier item. Eternal Hunger gives AD, omnivamp, and tenacity, and when you kill a champ, you gain a bunch more omnivamp for 8 seconds. This item's ability haste scales based on your AD, so it might be a bit crazy on picks like Rust and Riven. Throwback to the Gorrinker days. Actualizer is a new AP mana item with an active where you can empower your mana to make your spells more powerful and your cooldowns recover faster, but at the cost of using 100% more mana cost for the duration. Protoplasm hardness is a new health and ability haste tank item with a heal upon taking damage below 30% health. Whilst regenerating, you also get increased size, movement speed, and tenacity. So, Dr. Mundo might be a bit happy with this one. >> STUNKS GO UP. Bandal Pipes is a support tank item with health, ability haste, armor, and magic resist. And when you slow or immobilize your enemy, you get a buff aura, which gives you movement speed and grants your nearby allies more attack speed. Then finally, Dusk and Dawn is a new AP fighter on hit Sheen item with the spellb blade passive alongside health, AP, ability a speed. I'm looking forward to seeing all the different champions that can utilize this one. As well as those new items, we also have some returning items and some changes to check out, too. Hexte Gunblade is back, which if you didn't know is an AP AD hybrid item with life steal and spell vamp with an active that shocks the target for extra burst and also slows them. This item was super strong back in the day on picks like Katarina. So, let's see if it's as broken as it was back then. Stormrazer returns too as an AD carry item option with its energizing passive that adds extra burst and movement speed. We've also got some reworks to Echoes of Helia, Umble Glaive, and Sundered Sky. Essence Reaver is now a sheen item again and scales with crit chance. Unending Despair no longer has magic resist and goes back to armor, health, and ability haste. Horizon Focus is being reverted back to its previous version. Zeke's Convergence has added Ultimate Haste, and there's a new version of Giant Slayer on Nord Dominic's regards. You can also now buy multiple tier items again on the same champ, but you will need to stack those tiers separately. Oh, and by the way, critical strike damage is going back up to 200%. So, that's enough of items then. And by far the biggest other change coming in season 2026 is the arrival of roll quests. Each roll will have quests to complete during games from doing simple things like killing minions, champions, ticking tower plates, and objectives. And Riots are focused on bringing the power of the top and the bot lane roles up to match the impact that support mains and junglers can have on their games. So, here's where it gets interesting. Once you complete the top lane side quest, you'll now get access to a third summoner spell in teleport. So, you can have your flash and ignite or ghost and teleport too once you complete your quest. If you already have TP, instead your teleport will be empowered, granting you a huge shield when you arrive. That's not all, though. You'll also gain a chunk of XP when you complete your quest, bonus experience from future sources, and your level cap will be increased. Pretty crazy. In the jungle, you'll still have your pet upgrades and PvP smite, but now you'll also gain increased gold and experience from large monsters and some extra bonus movement speed in the jungle. In the mid lane, if you complete your quest, you'll gain a free tier three boot upgrade with an empowered recoil. But it's the AD carries that are really going to be eating good in season 2026 because completing their quest gives them a lump sum of gold to get ahead on items and then more gold rewards from their usual sources. But the best part is you'll also get an extra item slot to hold your boots, meaning you can buy six full legendary items to scale up into a monster when you're maxed out in the late game. Finally, for support, your quest completion will now give you a separate slot for your control wards, and they'll be discounted in the shop. So, what do you guys think of these new quest rewards? I can't get my head around the top lane increased level cap. That's going to take some getting used to. Okay, so that's all the fun stuff in the rift, but we've also got some big changes to ranked. So, let's try and sum it up all quickly for you. There will now be a new system called Aegis of Valor, where if you're autofilled, you'll gain no LP loss when you lose, but double LP gains when you win. This is more of Riot's efforts to prevent players from dodging. Autofield players will also now have a higher chance to also face other autofield players in their same roles, trying to even the playing field instead of a 1,00 games challenger jungle main versus a barred one trick in the jungle on the other team. If you are autofield and you dodge though, you'll still have the same autofield role in the next game you get into. Oh, and by the way, in Master Plus, if you dodge an autofield game, this will now count as a full loss. You'll no longer be able to ban ally hovered champions to prevent that early griefing in champion select. And speaking of which, champion select will also now be around 30 seconds faster. Duo Q is being reintroduced to every single rank, including the Apex tiers like Challenger. To do is going to be back on the menu. Well, not for me because who am I kidding? I'm never getting Chel. There will now be a climb indicator added to loading screens to display when players are playing above their current rank. Basically showing off their high MMR. and flex MMR is now going to be more reflected by your solo Q rank. So if for example your diamond in solo duo Q, your MMR in flex will factor that into the equation. Swift play is getting a ton of changes to gameplay and pacing where you now start at level three with extra gold similar to AAM. The death timers will be lower. Cannon minions will be in every wave after the third one. And when you kill enemies around minions, your creeps will become inspired to deal more damage. Sudden death will start earlier. Grubs and rift have been removed. and Baron and Elder Dragon spawn much earlier now. The elemental rift will transform after one dragon and soul be claimed after the second one. Oh, and by the way guys, if you're wondering about the WD or WAD movement option, it's coming to live servers with patch 2524 to all cues except ranked and normal draft. So, give it a go if you haven't tried it yet on the PBE. Well, there you have it, guys. That's a summary of all the changes coming to League of Legends in season 2026. We'll link the full dev drop from Riot's YouTube in the description if you want to check out more details and let us know in the comments below what you think of all the changes. Maybe what you're most looking forward to and what you're not quite so sure about. But either way, in the words of Kazix, >> change is
