Title: 3 Minute Miss Fortune Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YDzowDDKQP0

Content:
Why play Misfortune Bot? Well, she brings amazing poke. She is a beast in a team fight. She is a solid lane bully and she's decently mobile with her strong movement speed. However, she is very mana hungry early game and her alt getting interrupted is devastating. Misfortune's passive is whenever she attacks a new target, she deals bonus damage to them love tapping them. This means she can potentially apply this passive every single attack as long as she attacks a different enemy each time. And this passive is what makes her amazing at farming. Misfortune's Q is a point-and-click ability which deals damage to the target and applies on-hit effects. If there's an enemy within a cone behind that target, it then jumps to them, dealing the damage to them. This ability can crit strike, and if it kills the target on the first shot, the bounce will always be a crit. Misfortune's W has a passive where after 4 seconds of not taking damage, she gets bonus movement speed, and this is increased after another 3 seconds for even more move speed. The active gives her a large amount of bonus attack speed, and the cooldown of this ability is reduced every time she love taps an enemy. Misfortune's E places down a circle on the floor, which deals damage over time to all enemies within and slows them. Misfortune's ultimate is her massive team fighting tool. It causes her to channel for three seconds, firing wave after wave of bullets in a massive cone skill shot, dealing damage to each enemy hit for each wave. For combos, a good go-to is use E into an attack. From here, Q before opening up with alt and then use W and attack away. However, you'll often find in team fights that simply using your E into ultimate is enough. For matchups, Misfortune does well into a mobile AD carries who she can easily poke throughout the entire laning phase and will struggle to get out of her alt. However, she can struggle against champions that will keep her pushed in or laning phase or just simply out team fighter. For runes, take this PTA is amazing single target damage. For build order, start blade and pot into a blood thirst and tier 2 boots. From here, an essence reef into an infra pickups before finishing a build with any of these as needed. For skill order, start Q then W then E before maxing Q then W then E, taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and barrier. For synergies, you love supports which bring great CC to hold the enemies in place as you ult them. Starting the game as Misfortune, your focus is going to be on farming hard, poking, and taking good trades. Misfortune's poke is incredibly strong with her love tap passive. Getting a single auto attack onto an enemy champion just simply hurts, especially if this is followed up incredibly quickly with a Q into another attack to proc PTA. Your Q will also make the enemy scared of their own minion wave. Even if it's not going to kill the minion, simply using Q on a minion and bouncing it into an enemy champion is great damage. However, if you manage to do it where the minion dies and then bounces into an enemy champion for the crit, it's devastating. Also, if you ever want to engage, your E is an amazing tool. It's very easy just to throw over where they need to retreat as they take a massive slow. And once you have your ultimate, your kill threat is insane. Any CC on the enemy team to force them to stand in it will simply delete them. Entering the mid game, you want to take tower as soon as possible and rotate mid. This will put you and your support in the center of the map for easy sieging and will allow two strong champions to quickly roam to fights and objectives. Entering late game team fights, you want to play as the backline carry. Keep yourself safe and away from the start of the fight. Once the initial engage has happened, walk forward and start attacking anything in front of you using Q. And then as soon as a couple of enemies are grouped, simply open up with E into ultimate as they all disappear.
