Title: I'm ADDICTED to this Mordekaiser Build...
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9RWTQAKgKM4

Content:
Hey everyone, welcome back to another video. Playing some Mordekaiser. And we are up against a Singed. So, I'm going to walk with my wave. Yep, he's already trying to proxy. I had a feeling. Always go with your wave, deny the proxy whenever possible. Got my passive proc. Nice, I got to refresh it. Should have started my burn. Nice. Wow, he actually didn't get any of the wave. I think Yeah, he got one minion. These minions are so low, too. I'm going to let them kind of die off here. They should just naturally die. But yeah, two big things against Singed, always walk with your wave level one. And a lot of the time when you kill him, there's never like a one-size-fits-all league, but generally speaking, after you kill him, you want to back as soon as you can. If you try to wait too long and you try to like greed platings, then it's going to mess up your back time, and then he's going to push in the wave and then wrap around and proxy. But yeah, for the build, we're going to be going Rylai's rush, pretty standard. And then for the runes, we have free boots and approach velocity. This is kind of an older Mordekaiser build that I used to play a lot. Um there's also a challenger Mordekaiser. I His name is like Federals. Um I think he's an E West player. He also made this build pretty popular. And the way that it works is when you proc your Rylai's or when you proc your passive, it procs your Rylai's, and then that perma procs your approach velocity. So yeah, you're getting 15% movement speed from that, and then your passive also naturally gives you movement speed. So, it's really good when you just want to like stick stick to people. And the whole thing about Singed is he just wants to run. So, very good against Singed, and you don't really need like defensive stats against Singed. He's a champion where you don't you really don't need resolve. Um with that being said, you obviously can't proc approach until you get Rylai's. So, it does take a little bit of time to come online. An enemy has been slain. Nice, we got him chunked out pretty good here. Let's just get the wave under, try to slowly poke him under tower. An enemy If he goes for a back, he'll miss a huge wave. So, either way it's a win. Nice. Oh, okay, nice. TY minions. Love to see it, man. Get a plating and swell maybe. Nah. Maybe on this wave. I don't know if I want to greed for it, though. Wave clear's pretty good if we EQ. All right, a little bit greedy to do this for Singed, but one auto should be fine. Go back home. Yeah, Singed is actually kind of a hard match up for Mordekaiser. But I think this build does make it a lot easier. I think also Singed is really good right now with the new Deathfire Touch. I think he's running a little over 52% win rate. Singed always has a high win rate, though. It's always one tricks that just kind of know how to be very useful, even if they feed every game. Kind of the whole gimmick of that champion. I've always had a lot of respect for Singed players though. It's not easy to lane with that champ or play that champ. I mean, mechanically it is, but you have to really know your game knowledge. Oh, my passive dropped. Still got him chunked out pretty good. Little reminder, if you land your Q isolated, it does bonus damage with Mordekaiser. Very strong in the death realm as well. He's actually going for a back, it looks like. Wow, okay. Take it back ourselves, even though I can't buy too much. We got the wave pushed in, so he'll push back to me. Give this guy a little leash. I've been seeing so much Warwick jungle recently. Don't know what's going Oh, I guess he got a buff on his passive, that's right. Yeah, that's right. I was actually thinking about playing Warwick top lane. I knew he was going to try to proxy this wave. Get that ignite down early. Flash auto. Now, see, I need my Rylai's, then we can really stick to him. This is why Singed is kind of good versus Mord cuz he can just survive the death realm. A lot of champions don't have the tools to just survive like that. Like they want to fight Mordekaiser, and that's actually what Mordekaiser wants. He wants someone to try to fight him, and then Mordekaiser just stat checks them. Enemies all have their weakness. That's why one of my pocket picks against Mordekaiser is Trundle. Cuz in the death realm you can just pop your pillar and like ring around the Rosie with it, and Mordekaiser can't do anything. Morde really struggles against people that just don't want to fight. Drakhounds lose no sleep over the bleeding of sheep. An enemy has been slain. He's on like no HP and no mana though. Definitely going to go for the back here. Oh, I thought my E would one shot those. Oh, he's staying. All mine. That is a dangerous game. His jungle Actually, his jungle's dead. Um I got my auto to go. Think I still have him now. Oh my lord, okay. I would have been pretty disappointed if we didn't get that. Think he leveled up there at the last second. All right, so like I said earlier, just back right away here. If I try to greed for that plating and then I went for a back, he could push out the wave and set up a proxy before I could get back. Shut down. All right, nice. We finally got our Rylai's done, and now we're going to go into this uh Hextech thingy. The nice thing about Hextech with this build, by the way, is it's another 20% movement speed when you ulti. And it lasts for 8 seconds, and your death realm lasts for 7 seconds, so you have the bonus movement speed for the entire death realm. And it will not be It's really, really solid. Looks like my team kind of lost that fight, but we got the dragon at least. >> [laughter] >> I probably should have ulted there. We had T passive stacks. All right, here we go. If we land that E, it's always an ulti angle. See if I can catch up. Dang, he has a lot going there. Yeah, I mean, he's good at surviving that death realm. That is the one thing he can do. At least for now. Nice, isolated damage is massive. Do you have to be a little bit careful of their jungler? But we heal pretty good with our W. It's a 200 heal. Oh, jungler is here. Man, every time I say that, I need to get better at that. All right, fair play. Not much I can do about that. At least Warwick is here to get the singed. To get Bel'Veth, too. Ooh, he's dead, I think. Rest in peace. It's going to be a strong Bel'Veth this game. I'm going to wait for Gluttonous Greaves. They did get nerfed a little bit, but they're still really good on Mordekaiser. And when you're winning, I'll have enough speed so I don't need Swifties this game. And then also when you're winning, 4% omnivamp is just a pretty good amount. You do want to be a little bit careful not to like over build or like over invest into speed with this build. Between Rylai's and Approach, like that's already mostly enough and then if you add on a Hexplate as well, that should be plenty. Nice, land the E, isolated Q. So much damage. Yeah, as you can see, you just perma slow them and you're just getting perma sped by your passive and Rylai's or Approach. It's a really strong build if you don't need Resolve. Honestly, even if you need Resolve, I think this build is just strong in general. Like there's some games where Resolve is good and this build is also good. And it just depends on what you want to play for. Think we can turn this with a Death's Round. Oh, sucks I missed my E though. I actually might lose that cuz of the E miss. Yeah. Taking that Kraken Slayer, man. I noticed that when I did the on-hit Urgot challenge or like build where I did only on-hit items, Kraken actually out damage Bork and I built Bork first. I think Kraken is just so strong as an on-hit item these days. >> [laughter] >> I think Bork actually kind of sucks nowadays unless you're Irelia or like some champion that just utilizes it so well. Sorry, we still get half the wave here. We're on a good pace to get his tower pretty early. Oh, he was recalling in there. Should have queued. I like to play Mordekaiser really push heavy and then if you do get ganked, you can turn it into a 1 v 2 with your ulti or a 1 v 1. You can turn a 1 v 2 into a 1 v 1, I should say. Obviously, we don't have ulti right now, but I see Bel'Veth bot lane, so we're fine. Or proxying versus Singed. The tables have turned. I want to ward there cuz Bel'Veth is probably going to be top side pretty soon. She's spent a lot of time bot. Oh, yeah. Okay. Now she's definitely going to be top soon now. But the good thing is by the time she starts playing top side, we'll have her ulti back up. Whenever we're playing versus champions like Singed or just like kind of weaker champions in lane phase, try to always get that auto attack on the tower when you can when it has like the crystals. Just push wave and play for that one auto attack. It just It really slowly adds up. Nice. I don't think we've missed a cannon yet. Maybe one. Popper ulti. Burn him down. Yeah, there's a ditch. It's so good, man. It is so good. Ignite Mordekaiser is crazy strong right now. That along with your passive in the death realm is just way too much damage over time. Sitting on a little bit too much gold to go for the fight there. Let's do this. I want to get the sheen and the blasting wand. Is he going to turn that? Wow, nice job. Nicely done. Okay then, giga chad. It's a well-timed mango. All right, nice. We got our hex plate now. So, we got all the movement speed stuff done. I've been liking dusk and dawn third. Also, below with my face check here. Let me see if I can popper. Her E doesn't reflect my E. Still get the pull on her. Oh, yeah. Cannot run if I get that Rylai's Scepter. This build is like so simple, but so fun on Mord. I've been just having a blast on Mord, man. He's a He's definitely very stat-checky for a top laner, but I don't know. He's just good fun. Like he sadly doesn't one-shot the back line. Can't really chase into this right now. Don't want to run through the poison. Bellus Want to try to ulti this guy. Nice. E still landed. Going to have to flash out, I think. All right. Not bad. Not bad. God, I love this skin on Mordekaiser, too. It's my favorite skin in the game. I always try to get the sheen and the blasting wand before those other components. This item has a lot of components. You can also get the Kindle over the uh sheen as well. Oh, yeah. Also, another thing about Hexblade is it is an AD item, but your Q scales off AD. So, your Q still does a lot of damage. And then another nice thing about Dusk and is it counts as a passive proc. So, you can queue auto or like E auto and it just it counts as three passive procs for your passive. It's actually really nice. Cuz with Mordekaiser and especially with this build, you're trying to get your passive just as soon as you can. Like sometimes missing ability and procing your passive one second later can be the difference between the play going good or bad. Want to make sure the wave doesn't go through here. Trying to keep our farm good. See how they're in the bush? Always under the tower. Trying to make the Bel'Veth come up here. Looks like she's on Drake, though. That case, we'll just take tower. Should be able to take it out. Your team has destroyed a turret. Rampage. Leave no monument standing. Nice, and they got Drake and Going to kill this guy if he tries to cancel me again. I was going to just recall, man. Nice, my Q one shots those now. God, what an amazing skin. I like how the music gets all intense after you get a kill, too. It's a nice touch. All right, nice core build is done. Rylai's, Hexplate, Duskblade and Dawn. Omnivamp Omnivamp boots are half stacked. Man, these things really do You almost never get them fully stacked. With that being said though, I think it's still kind of good because 10% was a lot. Or 10% Omnivamp is a ton. Yeah, we got 7% still. It's still a lot. You don't really need them fully stacked. So, attack speed is feeling good, too. This is probably my favorite build on Mordekaiser right now in terms of the items. This three-item core just feels amazing. Oh, nice. We can kill this guy. Yeah, see Q auto insta procs my passive from the Duskblade and Dawn. He is trapped. You cannot mess with the Mordekaiser in ulti. Especially with this build. Nice, jungle down. Could probably look for a Baron here in a moment. Killing their junglers are green light for that. They would have to do a pretty crazy mill combo to steal Baron. Could happen though. Okay, good. Oh, rip Bel'Veth though. I wonder for the omnivamp boots, they can make it to where it stacks on minions a little bit. Incentivize you to CS a little bit better. I don't know, maybe they're fine how they are though. They still have the highest win rate on Mordekaiser and Urgot. They're like 56% win rate on Urgot. They're really good on Urgot. They're like 54% I think on Mordekaiser, if I remember right. Oh, hello. We want to ulti really early. Pop this guy. See if I can just run this guy down. I'm telling you guys, this is a Singed in ultimate and I can still run him down. This build, man, they just cannot run from it, even a Singed. If a Singed can't run from it, I don't know what champion would be able to. Got to respect their bot lane possibly rotating here. Nice, got a rift maker. It's going to be another 10% omnivamp. It's really cool how the skin like transitions through the game, too. Like transforms. 9.4%. So, we need one more stack. They have no vision here. Pop that guy real quick. Should be a free dragon. I'd still like to fight here if we could. Still in my death realm. I'll take that. Thank you, team. It's nice engage by the rail there. Guys, top lane. We can break up in mid. Which is kind of their team right now. That was kind of strong, too. Smell champion, I she's never bad, to be honest. Ooh. Feel like that rail's always getting popped by her, too. We got to respect the Twitch popping out of stealth here. Enemy killing The really nice thing with these boots is you can just heal up on jungle camps like that and then it stacks your W as well. So that's another 500. You can just stay on the map forever with these boots. Ooh, I'm still going to go for the ulti. We don't even need our abilities, man. My autos do so much. Once you get Dusk and Dawn, you really don't even have to land your abilities. It's crazy. I mean, it's nice if you do, but can still get that passive and just slowly burn him down. Making sure we take the entire top side of her camps. Solidify our top lane lead. Should probably get armor with that fit the Twitch is getting. I was think I was considering Liandry's, but Your turret >> Yeah, either Zhonya's or Randuin's would be pretty good. Like I got 11 kills, man. He could definitely carry. Oh, let's try to go for this here. I'm going to flash over. Geez, he's fast. He popped everything. Well, no sums on Twitch for the next fight should be pretty solid for us. Just have to hope my team doesn't die mid. Oh, he's going to live with that Karma shield. Warwick is getting yanked around. Just kill the send. She can't run that way. Wow, that guy just straight up backed. That Twitch is not even want to risk trying to kite me. Oh, get engaged actually. Do you ignite? It's all we need. That ignite that you did so much. I couldn't tell if there's a minion there or if it's like a pure isolation queue. Still my Zhonya's here. Always want to try to proc that passive before you Zhonya though. So you get those heals going. Definitely don't want to fight into Bel'Veth. I do have my ulti coming up, but I don't think we want to risk that. Going to be a thousand gold to Bel'Veth if I die. Could definitely turn the game. Kind of ward in case we need to teleport. I think I should. Okay, never mind. If they back off, we don't go for it. If they would have kept going in, I would have pulled the trigger. Well, this is nice. We got full build before 30 minutes. 92 seconds wasted on approach. That's over a full minute of just being sped up by this arena. Oh, nice. Okay, we definitely want to rotate here. They lined up pretty nicely for that E. Twitch is already dead. It's a two for one. We could probably Baron as well. I'm just going to start it. We'll do it so fast with our passive. Man, and ocean so I'm like not even taking damage. Oh, I nearly pulled her over. You can pull people over that cliff even if they stand close enough. And I was trying to combo set with ulti. Nice, level 20. Level 20 at 30 minutes is very good timing. Usually get that at like 35 minutes or so. I've been having some really good games with Mordekaiser, man. I think diamond and below he's a very good champ right now. Thinking masters plus he gets pretty hard to pull off. Oh, class. They're chasing the Bel'Veth so I got to be a little bit careful here. I want to make something happen now. I'm pretty safe between I mean I have so many things right now. I have Zhonya's, ocean soul, flash coming up, ulti up. So even if they do jump me I have a lot of tools here to make something work out. Oh, nice. They got dunked out. Okay, they killed him. Not bad. We can probably press for the end here then. Wow, my Q heals like 300 and I think my auto heal like 200. The healing is really insane on this build. Time our Q. Boom, nice. All right, that was a fun the game of Mordekaiser Madden. 18 kill Mordekaiser game. This build is so fun. You guys got to try approach. Yeah, if you liked the video drop a like on it. Subscribe to the channel if you want to help support. Pretty good healing on dusk and dawn. But yeah, see you guys on the next one. Thanks for watching.
