Title: IRELIA UNLEASHED - Full Deck Guide | Sydney RQ Winner - Riftbound: League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZnXBS55ogQ

Content:
What's up everyone? Lion Roar here and is Aurelia the best deck in the Unleashed format? Well, it just took down the Sydney Regional Qualifier, so it certainly made a good case. Here's the complete deck guide. All right, so I've been pleased with the Unleashed meta so far with tournaments in China and the United States having everything in the top eights from Master Yi to Vex to Diana to LeBlanc to of course Aurelia and Aurora decks. So just lots of different decks to choose from. Just play the one that you find most fun and the one that works best for you. But it could be that Aurelia is gunning to be the only S-tier deck in the format. Let's take a look at why that is. So of course we have our Aurelia Blade Dancer and our Aurelia Fervent. I don't think I need to talk too much about what Aurelia does. You know what it does up to this point, but I do have to say uh the the player who piloted this deck was EDG Rico 1997. Um he actually didn't activate the Aurelia Blade Dancer as much as you would expect. Um and he was So he was very selective with this and uh a reason being is he wanted to keep as much energy up as possible. So he didn't want to be recycling a whole lot of runes. So he was basically just doing it to get out of tight spots, um but he wasn't going real aggressive trying to steal points early in the game. So take note of that. I rarely saw him activate that ability. Um he was playing a very fair game for most of the time and only switched to do that if he absolutely had to. So uh you know how these play, but that was just an interesting note on his strategy. Now let's take a look at the units. We've got a new one from Unleashed here, which is Scuttle Crab. I love Scuttle Crab. If you've been following me through my Unleashed content so far, you know I've said this probably should fit into every green deck. It does so much more than you would expect it should do. So, it it is a two-costing zero-might unit, so you might be like, what the heck? Why why fit this in? Um when you play me, draw one, okay? There's a lot of gusts in the format, um including in this deck, but uh people will often get in a weird position of uh wanting to gust this to keep you from scoring a point, but when you play it, you draw one. So, if they gust it, then you're drawing one. Um or they can let it go uh and you get points, and they can very easily kill it. So, when they kill it, uh you get Death's Knell, choose an opponent, they reveal their hand, you can look at their face-down cards this turn, and gain one XP. And this can happen pretty early in the game or in the mid game, and as the Aurelia player, you can kind of choose when you want this to happen, cuz you you have lots of ways to either save this and kind of keep it going a little bit, or or or have it die when you want it to die, so you can see your opponent's hand. And uh the player who was piloting this to first place um was very strategic with how to use this card, and whenever the opponent revealed their hand, he was able to play with full information uh at very important parts of the game. So, this is an excellent card, excellent choice in this particular deck, and don't forget, Aurelia has lots of ways to pump, so even though it's a zero-might little crab, uh Aurelia can surprise some some people, too, with how big the the crab can get. I'm going to interrupt for just a second, because I noticed a lot of you who are watching are not yet subscribed. So, if you would kindly consider doing so, and hitting that like and hype button, too, I would much appreciate it. All right, we also have three Tide Turners. I find this interesting, because in a lot of Aurelia decks, you don't see the full play set of Tide Turners. Like, a lot of times, you see two. You definitely want to have one, but it feels like you don't want to have too many. However, um he wanted lots of these, and I think it's because uh he didn't want to have to be using Aurelia's ability at unless needed, right? And so, Tide Turner kind of gives you that ability to play Aurelia's ability without having to spend the power, which is kind of cool, but of course, you can hide it too like um uh that's one way to play this and uh some people do, but he was he was pretty conservative with that, too. He often played it just straight up for the the two energy. Um and again, this is another one with so many gusts in the format right now, they potentially will try to gust this, which gives you the ability to play it out again and dance with Aurelia a little bit more. Uh Fizz Trickster, same kind of thing. Again, lots of gusts in this format. This deck makes it really hard for your opponent to gust because of the value you get from the cards that you keep playing out. So, Fizz Trickster, of course, being able to play a spell out of your trash. Uh it looks like he could only fit one. You know, it would be a benefit to have another one in here, but he chose to go for Adaptatron uh because of all the Aurora decks in the format. So, it's very obvious that he built this deck to take down the Aurora decks. Now, whether you build your Aurelia deck like this or not kind of depends on how many Aurora decks you think you're going to face. Um so, he thought that in a regional qualifier in Sydney, he was going to run into that a lot and he surely did and he ran into it in the finals and it came up huge. Having that Adaptatron is exactly why he won that game. It did so much in that match up. So, if you think you're going to face that a lot, put this in. But, if your Nexus Knight meta doesn't have a lot of Auroras cuz I mean, it is expensive. A lot of people can't afford that card and so, if your meta is growing and people just can't get a hold of that, then this may not be the best card to put main deck. This is often a sideboard card. Maybe you want to go with another Fizz Trickster or maybe even uh like a a Vex Apathetic or something like that in this slot. Uh of course, he has the three Stellacorn Hurder. We know why he has three. Just moving around and drawing cards is a staple of Aurelia decks and it is so so so good. He does have three Guardian Angel, which of course saves unit from dying. Three boots of swiftness. This was a surprise to me because he Well, you often see like one or two in the Aurelia decks, but he really wanted to be able to gank. He really wanted to be able to activate that Aurelia ability potentially as well when needed. And he was getting a lot of points off ganking and I think that the way he went with this deck list, it was really very much so protect the queen. And so the way you need to score points in this is to be able to go back and forth between the battlefields instead of having multiple units out trying to take battlefields. Now one interesting gear that is not listed here is Zhonya's Hourglass. There is one in the sideboard, but I found it interesting that that one's not in here. I'm not sure why he didn't include that one necessarily unless like he really just wanted to max out the ability to be able to target Aurelia or any of the other units. But also one thing that's fascinating is he is a Chinese player and people really like to play Victor in China. Personally, I don't think the deck lists I've seen come out of China with Victor are necessarily the right one, but there's a lot of Imperial Decree and you might see that with LeBlanc too potentially. And and so when you combine Imperial Decree with Bellows Breath what happens is when you use Zhonya's Hourglass, the the damage that is done to the unit stays even after the Zhonya's Hourglass is gone, so you can just kind of bring it back. I don't know if he just felt like he didn't need that. He would rather just the targeting of the the Guardian Angel, but I just found that interesting because most of the Aurelia lists have Zhonya's and he did not include that. Um maybe you can let me know in the comments your speculation about that. I don't know. That was just me speculating. All right. So, uh as far as spells go, he does have 22 spells. Two of them are charms. This often acts as removal, but can in the late game uh just get you your eighth point. Uh Defiant Dance, one of the best spells in the game uh for Aurelia. So, obviously an auto include. You got your three to five, two on guard, one gust. Um this is one that like gust is just so good. You can use it on your opponents, but you can use it on your own units as well, and he's certainly got a lot that he would uh be happy to return uh to his hand. There was even a time where his Aurelia fervent was shrunk by an opposing moonbeam, and he was able to gust it gust the Aurelia back to his hand, which I thought was really really interesting. Um I think this is a candidate for adding more if you can find more room to add this. Like if you're not somebody who wants three boots of swiftness, maybe you add one gust. Uh but there's a reason he had the three boots of swiftness in here. So, you know, I'm hesitant to go changing anything that the guy who got first place did, but um he's got two stack deck in here uh just smoothing out the card draws. Uh again, it's weird not to see three of this, but it's how he built his deck for this meta he thought he was facing. Um and he was right, by the way. >> [laughter] >> Uh he's got three discipline in here, two not so fast, two ride the wind. Excellent card to be able to score points on your opponent's turn uh as well, or just save a unit uh since it is protect the queen. A lot of times it might just be about saving the unit. And then star crossed is just so good. Just so so good. Um I've been playing this in a Diana deck I've been testing, and um there's just like unlimited value with this. Again, you're potentially returning things you want to return to your hand while you're getting rid of their uh potentially most threatening or biggest units or things that had a big power cost and then they have to spend the power cost again to return it. This is This is a devastating card. So so good. All right, taking a look at the battlefields, he chose to have an abandoned hall. When a player plays a spell, they may give a unit they control here plus one might this turn. That is the battlefield that he typically went first with and so this is your blind battlefield. And one reason that you would do that is because you don't know if you're going first or second and it doesn't matter because all you have to do is attack the battlefield to be able to get the benefit of this one. You don't have to hit it first or hold it or anything like that. So that's a good first battlefield. I noticed when he knew he was going second, he played the Sunken Temple. When you conquer here with one or more mighty units, you may pay one energy to draw one and that one makes sense too because your opponent is likely going to be conquering first and you're likely to be making big units after that to try and you know regain the tempo or regain the point advantage and so like you're probably going to be attacking into this. The Sunken Temple really makes sense when you know you're going second and then Targon's Peak makes sense when you know you are going first because you can probably attack and conquer it first. You ready to runes. You leave a lot of energy up which just makes it really difficult for your opponent to get any kind of foothold whenever you're able to play on their turn especially with such a reactive deck as this one. All right, he went with six calm runes, six chaos runes. When you look at all the power costs of all the cards is pretty even so I thought that was a good split. And then in the sideboard, which interestingly enough they didn't post the sideboard online yet. I don't know why, but I was able to get the sideboard list from uh live stream. Um the in the top eight whenever the Aurelia was player was playing um for top four, I believe it was, uh they had actually said what the sideboard was, so I copied it down for you. Um there's two more Gust in the sideboard, so like I said, Gust is so good, he thought so as well. Maybe not good enough to put them all in the main board, but if you want to experiment a little bit, you could certainly bring some Gust back in the main board, but he had two more sideboard. That's obviously really good against like little aggro decks and things. He does have a Zaunite is hourglass here, so it's not like he has shooed it completely. Um uh but uh he would bring that in uh if there was lots of like heavy removal types of decks that you're going against control decks, I would think um you would want this uh for like uh if you're going up against Kaisa or maybe Victor or something like that. Um he's got one Disarming Strike, another gear hate. Uh so you you've got the Adaptatron in the main, and then you've got Disarming Strike here that when you play it, you may kill a gear. Uh and look at its might. You can Gust this if you need to. So uh you can potentially uh play this a couple of times uh and get more value for that. Uh we've got another Star Crossed uh in the sideboard. Again, this kind of stuff is for your Aurora decks, your really big unit decks. Um and then another Adaptatron gear hate, one Vex Apathetic, so if you're playing against decks that have lots of ambush units um or are coming in ready so or accelerated or whatever, you know, be thinking about those kind of decks. This is really good against uh like Lillia for example, it's really good against LeBlanc. Um just those temporary units that come in ready. If they can't get rid of this, they can't play. Um so this card is just an absolute bomb in decks like that. Now, this was really interesting tech, Angler Beast. When you play me, return all units with two might or less to their owners' hands. Um like I said, this is a Chinese player coming from a meta where people love Victor. And so, and and they really love going wide. In fact, that that's kind of my um disagreement with the Chinese players is how wide they go. I think it's fine to go wide, uh but there's no real reason to go super wide whenever you've got two battlefields that you're fighting over, right? Um, and so, you know, those decks can be absolutely devastated by Angler Beast. Um, there's the potential for this to to work against like Azir as well, but it's really hard if the tokens have um uh gears on them. Uh so, I mean, I I would think against Azir you're bringing in all the gear hate, but then Angler Beast as well to just like clean up all the tokens. So, this does serve uh a purpose. And I haven't really seen many other people use this card, so I find that to be a super fascinating choice in this deck and and a really good choice and probably one that needs to see more play. Um, so yeah. All right, and there you have it. That is the Aurelia deck in Unleashed. I think a lot of people are probably going to be building off this particular list as least to start with, but it would be a mistake to go in just copying this list and trying to take it to your Nexus Knight. This was geared for Sydney. You need to gear it for your Nexus Knights, so take note of what you're playing against and gear it appropriately. Maybe instead of Adaptatron in the main deck, maybe you have a lot of these like little too-might unit uh decks that you're going against, and so maybe Angler Beast is in your main or something like that. Maybe Vex is in your main if you have a lot of like ready or ambush units. So, anyway, if you enjoy videos like this, make sure to like, subscribe, and hit that hype button, and I will catch you in the next one.
