Title: Critiquing Gladiator Draven splash art #leagueoflegends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e919IFflKoE

Content:
Hello everyone. How's everybody doing today? Hello. Hello one and all. Did you guys like my waiting screen? Cute, huh? >> [clears throat] >> Today I am taking a look at the Gladiator Draven. So many people have asked me for this one in particular. Really asked me for it every time I posted a real. So here it is finally after such a long wait. I'm sorry. Took me forever to get to this one. This one's proving to be a really fun one. Um because it's mostly about portraits. So you know how I like to have fun drawing portraits. So that's going to be fun. Um, and then I'm just gonna make sure my announcements have gone out. So, let us get started on Gladiator Draven. What's the problem with this one? Actually, before I do, if you want your submit, if you want it to be, if you want to submit your work for critique, all you have to do is go to eststerrack.com and click on the subreddit icon right here. That'll take you to my subreddit. Uh this is where I accept artwork for critique for free. Uh everything's free. Um and yeah, this is where it all happens. So please uh submit your work here. There is a discord group um right here. And it's a public free open discord group. Uh and you can also submit your work there in the general critique text channel. General critique text channel. [snorts] Okay. So let's talk about Draven. Let's jump right into it cuz this this one is going to be fun. Sorry about that bang. I have to move my chair. Okay, so there's several issues with this one. Several. The biggest issue is the unmatched perspective on Draven's face. Mr. Draven is having a rough time with reality. Okay, so his face is sitting. Actually, I have to use green so you guys can see it. His face is sitting on a low angle perspective. If we go to portrait studio, that looks like this. Oops, voice cracked. Sorry. And my voice is still struggling. [snorts] Bear with me. [laughter] His his uh his head is doing this. So, let me just hide the joints. his head is doing this. Okay. So, we're going to go ahead and paste that in right here while his face is doing this while his head is in this kind of position. Big problem. And we're also going to face that there. I'm going to select them both. And I'm going to show you what exactly is happening here. So his face um right, this is the one that goes on top. His face is uh So we're doing Yeah. So I'm actually just going to do this. His face is doing this while while it is in that perspective. He's like we're looking at him from a low angle. It's very very funny looking. But they've extended the face so that it sits on from a low low angle perspective just the face but the chin is from a head-on angle or a top higher angle or eye angle. Something's not adding up here. Something is is is not adding up. So, what what's going on? We're going to get his face to match the low angle. So, right now, Draven's entire entire um gesture is like leaning forward. Head is is looking up, right? So, his head is beneath his shoulders by a lot. He's really leaning forward and he's doing that. He's also at like an angle or his whole body is at an angle actually. Um and his back shoulder is further behind and his whole head is leaning forward. So like we're seeing his ears higher, right? in order to match this exact it's not exactly cuz I don't have time to pose this model thoroughly as thoroughly as possible. I'll pose it better for the final cut. But um you can see how the angle is we're we're we're higher than him. He's crouching. We're taller than him. We're looking down at him. But the face is drawn with a worm's eye view perspective. All right. There's some some something crazy going on here. So, I'm going to show you once again. The face is looking up, but the head is pointing down. Okay? Head is pointing down. Shoulders, everything is pointing down. The head, the face. Do you see the problem? So, it's going to be quite a bit of surgery. Quite a bit of surgery um to jump into this. So, I'm going to do my best. I'm going to do my best for Mr. Draven. And I'm going to try to paint his face um to be as close as possible to what's already in League, which shouldn't be too hard. So, let's jump into the liquify aspect. uh for me to pull it off successfully in liquify. I really got to go crazy with the liquify. So, you guys will bear with me uh while I do this. I'm going to duplicate all of these layers, merge them, merge layers, bring them down to the main file that's getting liqufied, and uh bring them here. So that oops so that I can have them nearby while I'm liquefying trying to get his likeness while also fixing the perspective. This is going to be crazy. Hold on to your butt. So first thing I'm going to do is Bam. We need to bring his face all the way down. Um wow. And then I'm just going to bring this little cute little tiara he has on. And I'm again trying to show that his head is in this extreme perspective. His head is tilting down. It's going to look pretty demonic before it looks um before it looks acceptable. [laughter] I'm holding on. Um, so just bear with me. I promise it'll it'll start to make sense. So his nose should be well in front of his mustache as we can see in this reference here. And goodness, I know somebody that looks like this. [laughter] just going to um I might hop out of liquify real quick just to get rid of his irises because we don't need them where we're going. And oh, this is going to be so much fun. And um trying to make sure we got his eyebrows. Okay, I need glasses. and uh trying to get his cheeks right. So, I'm mostly focused on the structure. [laughter] You're all probably like, "What the hell is going on?" Um, but I promise it'll make sense soon. So, I'm not seeing his face right now. I'm seeing only the head and I'm focusing only on the structure of his head while also trying to keep cute while also trying to make sure that he doesn't turn into a demon. All right, so this is going to be hilarious for when I um sub [laughter] make it into a real because I should have gotten rid of the irises first because they're really making them look crazy. Um, so let's go ahead and get rid of these. Let's get rid of those. Everybody can hear me. Okay. All right. [clears throat] Yeah. Sorry for anyone who didn't get a notification. YouTube doesn't care about me anymore. Um, so unfortunately I can't send notifications for YouTube through Instagram. I wish I could, but I can't do that right now. So, what I'm doing is I'm trying to get all this get all this looking. Okay, it already looks better. It already looks like within the perspective, but let's keep going. Let's get this guy as glowed up as possible. So, we're going to give him some space between his eyes to keep him sexy, right? We want him to say sexy for the longest time. Let's talk about this. for the for the longest time I had such a crush on him. But every time I played against a Draven, it was the worst game I ever played. Like it was such a horrible game. So then I stopped simply because I kept losing against this character that um I I just couldn't do it anymore. We had to break up. But yeah, I had a huge crush on him. Toxic toxic guy. [laughter] not not not not good in a relationship. Very selfish. Very very crazy. But what can you do? And so the perspective is now corrected. Let's just take a quick gander at what it was. No, you know what? I'll save it. I'll save it for the end. So, the next thing I'm going to do is try my best to get it to look similar to what we've got going on here, which is handsome, but also kind of evil. Um, so I'm just going to get the teeth exactly what they're doing here. Very, very mildly present teeth. Nothing overdone. Uh, probably should have brought those references a little bit closer. Uh, but I'm just going to use a basic round brush for now, just to get stuff in the ground and move from there. My god. And and I I didn't know that this was one of the official splashes that they've got. This is a current splash, right? Gladiator Draven. Are they just leaving it on as like a joke or something? Cuz you can tell that, you know, it needs a bit of work. Not trying to be mean or anything, but it needs a bit of work. And so I'm bringing the mustache in quite a bit. Um, which slightly unhinged fictional character didn't you have a crush on? [laughter] Sona plays bad into Draven. What does that mean? And I'm just going to fix up the nose. Try to get the rendering of the nose to kind of match. We're not seeing too much of the nostrils from this angle, but we're really getting lost in the sauce of all of this muddy values. So, if this had been my students art submitted in, I would have stopped them immediately and made them do some grayscale form studies and portrait studies so that they can learn how to paint a face without extreme contrast. This artist is really relying on extreme contrast. Obviously, this was a long time ago and this is no longer their current skill level, but this is for anyone watching who's still learning, who's wondering what exactly fundamentally they did wrong. Um, sorry, it's like 85 degrees in New York today, so I need to take my cardigan off. Um, grandma cardigan is coming off for Draven. >> [laughter] >> And I'm just um I'm just making sure his cheekbones are all there. This side has quite a bit of fiery fiery fire. So, I'm just going to introduce some of it into his cheek line and jawline. And just a bit over here along his ears, which I brought back into perspective. And a little bit more here. So, the head is in a better perspective now, but I really want to push the fact that he's leaning forward. I mean, we could leave it like this. This is fine. But I kind of want to push the perspective a little bit. Um, and try to get his head to feel a little bit more less less like over there more close to the foreground kind of just uh attacking some kind of um if I can can I pull it off? What do you think? Should I try it? Should I try to put his legs further in the distance and his body in the in the background? Let's [sighs] Let's give it a shot because I cannot resist a good perspective challenge. So, [clears throat] I'm going to try to disconnect his head. This is making life so much harder for me. But when have I not made life hard for me? I'm going to ignore the mustache for now. And I'm just trying to separate his hair. Oh, brother. Oh, brother. Oh, Draven. So, so, [laughter] so I am just doing a little bit more around the mustache. Not that I can't redraw it. I just don't want to bother if I don't have to. Okay. And then over here, over here, over here, and over here. Oh man, this is going to be cray cray. So, I'm going to select the whole head and copy paste it, keep it on a separate layer, and increase the size. You see how it looks like he's leaning at us a little bit? I don't want to make it look like he's got a bobble head, though. I'm not trying to do that. Then I'm going to select the lower body. Okay. And I'm going to try to shrink it. This is just an experiment. I may not stick with this. I may not go for this, but I want him to look like he's like like leaning forward for a kiss. And then I'm going to select the rest of his body. And actually, let me not do that. I'm going to select the rest of his body and enlarge. Are you going to really do that? Are you really going to do that to me right now? So, there's that. Okay, that's on off. And then we've got this. We've selected and pasted it. Why are you only pasting this? Ah, I see. Okay, I figured out what I was doing wrong. I'm kind of cuckoo for cocoa puffs right now. Okay, so we're just going to duplicate this. [clears throat] Bring this down. Deselect. Deselect. Okay. Oh, we saw what he looked like. Um, little preview. Uh, so we got this, we got the rest of the body, and we got this. And I still haven't selected it right. Sometimes I get lost in all of this madness. Sometimes I get lost. Okay. Why? Oh, right. Okay. I'm I'm really lost. I'm lost in my own madness right now. Okay. So, now, sorry about that. We can enlarge the rest of his body so that it kind of again looks like he's leaning forward at the viewer. You'll see what I mean in a second. It looks like he's breathing. You know how when they used to do those animated Oh, I missed those animated um those animated ones I used to do. It was fun. Okay, so now we have the body that is shrunken. Again, I'm not that big a fan of it because it's not exactly what we got to do. But do you see how it kind of looks like there's some forcehortening and he's kind of leaning forward a little bit at the viewer and with the enlarged head, he's really leaning forward. I really like that dynamism. So, I'm going to keep it, but I will try to organize what's happening here around the um the legs. Oh man, this is going to be crazy to seam together. So, let me see that I'm not completely damaging anything. I'm kind I'm trying to go trying to go for those like, you know, really exaggerated masculine features. This may be overkill, but, you know, I'm still going to go for it. I'm going to try to get rid of the background artifacts here and there, so bear with me while I do that. So, this was I couldn't believe that this was a current one. I really I didn't know why they kept it on. Um, again, if anyone can enlighten me whether or not I mean, I went to the official League Wiki and found this there. So, uh, they're pretty current, you know, with their stuff. They're pretty consistently current. Maybe I should use the background eraser tool for this. All right, this might be a long critique hour to be honest with you. And just so I can get some more here and there. Oh dear. And um for this section, I'm actually gonna try to see if I can hide it behind the other mustache. All right, good enough. [clears throat] Just playing some hide and seek Raven. There may be some residual feelings left over. [laughter] My voice cracked. Um, it's been cracking all week. I am sorry. Okay, so the head is a little bit bigger. Kind of looks a little bobbly. And he's leaning forward. Lots of structural changes for Draven. Um, no, it's not. I didn't look at, you know, old splashes or whatnot. I didn't do that. Um, it was just the splashes that they had already. And then I'm going to [snorts] Let me get rid of those. Okay. And I'm just going to try to get the old background back. I believe it'll throw me into some kind of kind of weird little space. Maybe I can keep the old arm. Really messed up here with the with those layer confusions from earlier. So, I'm just trying to make sure we're not losing the arm. We pretty much kept the scale where it's supposed to be for the most part. And I'm just going to try to hide the extra stuff. Okay. So, it's pretty stitched together, I think, for the most part. Um, there it is. Before, after. He's leaning forward just a little bit. I'm going to try to clean this little fiery thing up and and then we can start painting. So then all the surgery is done, all the setting up is done. I mean, we can really clean up the depth a lot better. So, let me see why we have double of everything. Let me see where it might be. Okay, I can just delete this whole arm section. Awesome. And then duplicate. And then going back. So, this is just the more useless layer, this one. Okay. And then we've got this guy. So, now we have the interesting challenge of creating some depth. I'm going to keep the Dravens up so that I can fix up the face as I go. The issue here is that there seems to be no real depth happening. No um silhouette, no contrast. So, what I'm going to try to do is um I'm going to try to raise that background value as much as possible. So, with dodge tool on midtones, I'm going to try to build more of like a fiery event behind him. I'm going to use dodge tool highlight um soft brush on midtones. I'm going to try to create uh sorry soft brush uh for some glow effect maybe on soft light. Try to create like a space behind him that will show how fiery the event is behind him. So really building up the fire. really building up the the smoke, the dust, everything around him is just going to be lit up. What that will allow me to do is delete away at this layer so I can get old Draven back. Oops. So, this is the dark one. This is the one I just lit up. And I'm going to delete away so I can get the older, more silhouetted raven to sit in front of all of that crazy fire I just amped up. Actually, I really like that um bounce light there on the thigh. So, I'm going to keep that. And we're just going to keep going, trying to create a sense of silhouette, that fire blast that's happening behind him. I don't want to work on the face until I know for sure that the environment and the depth are intact. And I'm just trying to get the fur here to look less lit up. The hand needs to be really eclipsing that space behind him so it feels like it's in the foreground. Going to keep that thumb lit up though. Oops. Trying to do a clean job because I'll have to clean less and less the more I clean now. Okay. So then we're moving into the arms trying to create two worlds. The world of Draven where he's eclipsing in front of this fire blast and the space behind him that is completely drenched in that light. So we have this really really cool two-ton background and foreground are separated from each other. Before it looked a little too homogeneous losing a lot of the depth and the impact of the depth. There is tons of depth in the League of Legends splashes. Tons of it. And you can see it, you know, in all of them. There's lots of eclipsing, lots of depth. So you can see how now it feels a little bit more like this scene is is is really alive, really close to what we know and and and have seen before from other league splashes. So I'm going to expand on this shadow a little bit. Really letting it kind of move in front and then eclipsing that in front of that shadow. The portrait is not more important than the environment. The environment is really, really important. Okay. So, now there's all these areas here that are really falling into shadow. So, we can we can wake them up with all kinds of of different uh things. Like, we can really bring them to life with some bounce light, some extra shine. I'm just going to use dodge tool because I'm short on time. And I'm going to like give them a shine. Um, and I'm just going to give them like a vertical shine. So, it looks like these more shiny objects are getting some kind of sunlight. So, now he's leaning towards the camera. His whole body is eclipsed somewhat. I'm gonna eclipse a little bit more on Draven's body. So, it's going to be some of the leg is going to get a bit more of that shadow going down into the lower part of the leg just so it looks like the leg is moving towards us. And then I'm also going to start throwing part of his body into the background using the environment of the background. See how that shadow kind of brings his leg forward a little bit. It's still not quite enough um of an angle for his leg. I may need to jump into liqufy to make his leg feel a little bit more like it's leaning forward. So the knee would be facing up. The leg would be a little bit longer. Maybe that's too long and the knee would be slightly higher. All right. So, slight change on the leg just so it looks like it's it's leaning forward. But if they really wanted to make the leg look like it's it's, you know, up and on top, he would need to do something like, you know, like that. Do you see what I mean? Where the leg is really lifted up. The leg is really grown up and not quite that low. But that's a bit of a perfectionist route. The next thing I have to do is use depth on the rest of his body. So, I would need to really make sure that, you know, this depth is going to be beneficial for the environment. So, it's it's it's like this. You're just grabbing the background value and you're throwing it over the lower half of the body in in grades. So, the lower half by the legs. Even though we did that forcehortening thing, we're just like using some kind of dust, a gray d any any environmental effects to fake the fact that this body is behind him. We're going to let some of the natural contrast peek through, but not all of it. This will throw his body behind his head because right now his head is still too camouflaged in with all of this. We can see what that's like when the body is put away into the distance. It's not that important. We don't want to break the rules of depth for the sake of just seeing everything sit on the same level. That's why it doesn't feel like he really is leaning forward. And to really make it look like he's leaning forward. I mean, it's it's like uh doing something like like like actually You know what? I'll just do this instead. Like that, you know, like really leaning him forward. Do you see? Oops. Do you see this? So transform. See how like he's leaning forward like that? Like you really need that kind of forhortening happening in the image. Oops. So, I may keep this where it's where it is now because that that forward leaning energy is really going to help us establish that that portrait which is going to be a lot larger than anything else in the image. But I kept the one before I forened it just so you guys can see. Now I can clean up his portrait. Um, he doesn't really have like deep set eyes in the references. They're they're they're like more of a makeup. You see that? It's more of a like a natural eyelid. Not very dark circles. More of like a a makeup effect. So, I'm going to do that. And this is the fun part. This is like kind of a makeup where I get to just draw a face and just relax. Oops. Uh, wrong layer already. The heat is getting to me, man. All right. Doesn't matter. Just keep going. So, I'm just going to get uh whatever skin tone I can find. Honestly, it doesn't matter at this point. And I'm going to try to beautify his eyes, meaning like find his lower eyelid just like they did a little bit. Get rid of that dark circle and use it more as a makeup circle. really is a lower eyelid makeup type of than a dark circle. And instead of using these flat line dependent ways of shading the face, let me grab soft brush. I'm just going to shade his face with contours and real value. Finding his very, very feminine cheekbones. and finding the contour of his of his cheeks. So the shadow of his cheekbone just like we see here shadows used around his cheekbone. You guys are asking questions. I'm not seeing them, but I will see them towards the end. Um Oh, thank you, Jack. Thank you, All right. And then I'm just uh trying to mimic what's happening in the eyebrows. Going back to my hard round brush and building up on what they have already. He's got like a little bump around his brow bone or something. He's got like a like a nose bump and a bump up here by his brow bone. Okay. And then his eyes are usually looking up. His nose is very shapely and I'm going to need liquify for that. So, I want to lengthen his nose just a little bit more if I can. And he's got like this nose that starts off sort of um wide and gets thin. and his nostrils are like that. So, he's got a very Arab face. All right. And then just continuing here. It's going to be quite a quite a process getting this face to catch up to the rest, but it's always fun with Draven. His face is very um feminine, but it's also got like all these funny mustache lines and hairline, you know. And then I'm going to maybe introduce bounce light line running along this side of his nose. Maybe we'll see what happens after. I'm not sure about that. Can't commit to that yet. And trying to mimic that eyeliner that they've got on him. So, he's got quite a bit of makeup on. And so, I'm just bringing it down. And I'm also trying to like create a squint. And there's quite a bit of value of light sneaking in under his eyebrow. And for fear of tunnel vision, I'm going to zoom out quite a bit and try to get the face to feel a little bit more. Um, okay. Okay. So, now I see the problem. His head needs to be straighter with the canvas. So, he's looking directly at the viewer. Uh, so this is something I should have done earlier. Uh, let's see if I can pull it off. So, his head once it's straighter forward, it looks more determined and more focused and a little bit more Dravenesque. So, you see that the tilt? Yeah, he's not so sure. But now this guy's on the on the hunt. He's ready to kill. So, back to the drawing board with with the lassoing. Um, so here we go. So, I'm just going to focus mostly on cleaning out this extra stuff. Here we go. Should have just done it like this before. Imagine I contacted Riot and said, "Yo, y'all y'all have some PSD files for me. [laughter] Me, Mrs. uh, Critique Your Art? Y'all got some PSD files?" Hey, so I'm like, you know, just critiquing some of your old splashes and new ones and I was wondering if you could provide me with resources for this. What would they say? Probably f off. Oh, brother. Almost there, guys. And I'm just going to uh right after this clean underneath. You see how much more determined and sexy he looks when he's like looking down and ready to go, ready to fight. [laughter] I think they'll I think they'll block you. I haven't contacted Riot even one time. I'm not I don't intend on harassing the poor people. I'm just critiquing what people request and they tell me, "Hey, Mr. Back, there's something wrong with this illustration. I don't know what it is. Do you know?" half the time I do when I show them. Oh man, we're almost done though. We're at the home stretch because after this it's just a little bit more work on the portrait and and then you guys can see the full change. I think the crush is really [laughter] I think I'm into crazy people. Um, and I'm just going to go to the layer underneath and try to get rid of this Draven over here, which is going to be interesting. So, we're gonna clean up pretty much deleting his whole face and any any uh influence. I wish there was a way for me to know how to I mean, I would never use the smart AI tools they have on Photoshop, but some like better than background eraser tool, some other tool that'll just get rid of stuff for me. But obviously it's not going to be easy to avoid AI nowadays with Photoshop. I never use any Photoshop AI stuff. I take that. Not interested. Oh, this is going to be interesting here. Getting rid of all this. But be patient. Nothing worth it is an easy thing to do. stuff. That's nothing that's easy is worth it. Nothing that is not easy. Everything that is not easy is worth it. Somebody help me out. Um he's got his little God of War tattoo over here. Uh and then Oh, deary dear. And then what I can do with the face, I'm not worried about the face. I can just stretch it inward. You know what I mean? Like I can just use liquify filter liquify. Yeah, I do not use AI tools. And I'm just going to crush his face inward. That way it's like out of the way and under the other face. Sorry Dven. Just going to give you the old uh stamble treatment. Fix you up here. Fix you up there. Raise your nose there. And uh you're going to look 100 years younger and you're going to look like you were just born. Okay. So now we have all this. It's all out of the way. Sort of. Let me do a little bit more surgery on the background. You can just paint it away. Okay. So now his face is is well behind is well behind his um his body and and his mustache is right here. Okay. He's leaning forward. I'm going to just uh flip the canvas again. This all happened because I flipped the canvas. So this is the power of flipping the canvas, y'all. It reveals everything to you. And I'm just going to jump back into liquify with the canvas flipped so I can perfect his face a little bit and make sure that it is symmetrical, looking forward, all the good stuff in its place. Okay. And then I'm going to try to get the smile to look a little bit less deranged and jin-like and a little bit more just like kind of the fervor of battle. Oh, he is insane though. He isn't insane. He's the executioner of Noxus, right? If I remember my reading correctly, I used to read through the lore, but that was the old lore. I don't know if that's been changed, but I know that his tiara is a little bit I'm not going to stop calling it a tiara. I know that his tiara is a little bit like oversized. He's kind of got like a It's It's kind of got like a size to it. Really hugs his hair. the executioner of glmbbas. Why does he remind me of [laughter] Waluigi? Oh my god, that's funny. So, you can see before it was a little bit less focused and now it's a little bit more focused here. Okay, so I'm going to try to get his eyes to look similar to where they were before, but that would mean that we have to see what the before looked like. And I am sorry about that. So, I'm literally just gonna copy paste. I'm sorry, bro. I'm sorry. We need to put him out of his misery. And I'm going to use them to kind of Wait a minute. What's going on? Oh, okay. My bad. [laughter] Do you guys see what just happened? Do you guys see what I'm so lost in this critique that I that I put the eyes on the up face. Um, we're moving forward. This is a comedy show as much as it is in an art class. Okay. So, I really want the exact same eyes the original artist drew. I don't want to do something different or anything. You know what? I'm just going to copy paste the other one. It's why I torture myself. Flip canvas for I mean flip image horizontal. And I'm trying to get the eye to be exactly where where they left it. Okay. Oops. So merge down. He's looking right at us directly into our eyes. All right. So, I may have gotten the wrong size. So, there's two options. To make his eyes look um a little bit more closed or to make them look a little bit more crazy. I think they need to look a little crazy for us to really read that insanity that Draven has. Filter liqufy. So, what I'm going to do is bloat the eyes a little open just to show some craziness. But the eyebrows are still on top of these eyes. and trying again to keep things symmetrical. There's so much about this that needs to be polished. I may polish this offline after the the critique hour is done just so I can give it the proper time it needs for this paint over. And I'm also going to try to uh I think his eyes are too big. Maybe I'm also going to try to add a new color maybe in the background. It's looking a little monochromatic. That looks good. I don't know if I want him to look at the viewer or want him to look at the um the person behind the viewer. Once I get everything in place, then I'll shade the eyes to match the eyeballs and everything will start falling into place. Okay. So, what we have here is some color for the eyes. He's looking down here. He's looking up here. I like the one where he's looking up. Feels more like Draven. Feels a little bit more scary. And then I'm just going to start introducing the shadow of the eyelids that sits on top of the eye. Right. to show that his eyebrows are really weighing heavily on his eyes. Then the the shadow of the eyeball. Okay. Just there. A little bit of light along his waterline. Not too much because I don't want to make him look like he's crying, but maybe he's crying of happiness at the poor fool he's about to destroy. And there are many ways to um introduce the light on his eyes. We can do something like this. Uh we can do something along the lines of like showing the fire in his eyes. But for now, I just want to get the eyes to a point where they're matching the image. Making sure he has the highlights needed for the inside. Showing that shine that can happen along eyelids, that oil shine. Showing a little bit of the lower eye. Just a little bit of a dark circle and showing some white under And then I'm going to try to um mimic what they did with the teeth. I just want the teeth to look like they are there, but you know, they're not eating up the no pun intended, they're not eating up the focal point. Just like we did last class, we we don't want to show too much of the teeth. His canines may be a little sharper since canines can be a little sharp. Not so much that it's vampiric, but just enough that it, you know, primate like monkey like I don't know why he has so little teeth. He should have a little bit more teeth than this. And I'm just making the teeth symmetrical. And then um trying to show that the teeth have a general value around them. You know, not trying to show any extra spaces or any extra value around the teeth. Pretty sure the canines are the ones behind those teeth, but it doesn't matter now. Um, showing a little bit more of how that highlight travels around his nostrils. Maybe some light around the nostrils. and the cheek sitting around that. Good god, it is like hell in New York today. And then with my darkened layer, I'm just going to grab a nearby brown and show how The mustache and the cheek line are kind of mixing together. And then for the eyebrows, feel like I've lost a little bit of his eyebrow shape or that his eyebrow shape is hidden behind. Do you know what I mean? Like there's something hiding his eyebrow shape. And all of this painting has hidden it, but I do want to show them off. Okay. So, there's that eyebrow bone there, and then there's the temple. the highlight as it moves up. And then we're going to grab some of this extra fire here and really dress up the face with it. Get the sides of the cheeks. Get most of that mustache again. So, they kind of gave him a glow up in the recent ones. So, maybe I can um try to mimic that a little bit some of that highlight will sit on the brow bone, maybe even on the side of the eyes and just a little bit along the tip of the nose. and most of the side of the face. And um I'm going to try to do what they did with the makeup, like try to get some dark in his waterline. It's It's almost like outlining the eye, which I try to avoid, but it is his makeup and he has quite a bit of it. I may even mess with multiply for this. Um, they use pretty much same technique for the pupil and the iris. Maybe it's even a bit bigger. We'll see. Now I'm just going to get my smudging brush on low and try to smudge my way around. Maybe that cut there on his eyebrow will create like a little scar. and using soft brush to once again sink his eyes behind his eyebrows. Really letting that shadow develop and eat up his gaze. Really make him look as menacing as possible. I I don't like these lower teeth at all. So, I'm just going to Not sure why he has so little teeth. kind of just want to throw in an extra tooth there. Feels like we shouldn't even see the teeth like like you know that his mouth is like behind the teeth. So, I'm not sure. Sorry, I had to test it out. So, I have to make some noise. Um, and maybe side. Oops. The side of this face here. can get a bit of that highlight. Maybe even showing some blood on his uh teeth a little bit, but that might be a bit too much. And then just using some brighter values to show off his teeth a little bit more. Oops. I might as well. Okay. Just showing a bit more teeth, a bit more of a smile. And then I may just um shrink his eyes a touch because I don't want him to look too pretty. He looks a little too pretty right now. And push his nose down even more. Push his ears up even higher. and kept the the head um on a separate layer still so I can keep messing with the size. And then I'm going to get dodge tool and boost up the highlight on the outside of the cheek now that the light can hit it directly. Boosting up the highlight on this ear. We're bringing everything back into the image. I'm not sure if I have time to bring in a new highlight for um the uh I mean a new color for the image, but I will try. [clears throat] I think his disembodied head It's going to haunt my dreams. You mean he's not already haunting your dreams? That before was pretty scary. The one that I liquefied. And um there's a couple of tattoos missing. Maybe it's just gladiator Draven tattoos and not official tattoos. Any any Draven experts in the audience? And I'm just going to copy what they did here for the most part for the laugh lines and try to bring in the shine of the other side of the nose. You never seen them before. Okay. And I'm just going to mess around a little bit more with the expression. And the eyes. I'm okay with that other eye. Just this one may need a little bit of work. I may make his eyes a little less inward crossed. Maybe just separate it a little bit more. And it's very very busy image. and then try to get his chin to not look so indented. Not sure why I didn't see that because of the bad liquify I did. And then just here trying to get both of those wrinkles of the eyebrows to make a little more sense. Flipping the canvas one more time. Seeing if I can make the eyes a little bit more symmetrical. Okay. And then just a little bit more highlight on this eye. And again, depending on what we want to do with the expression, a little bit more highlight around the inside or showing some kind of fire. That's color dodge. Okay, that's color dodge of course on the lower part of his eyes just to show that the flame you know is in his eye and he is excited ready to kill people and burn them down village barbarian style. I'm going to try to get the back of his head, all that space under and behind his head just to sit in some kind of shadow since the values are all kind of coming in this way. and move his head more. Oops. Move his head more that way. Push that extra stuff. It's not been hit. Okay, this head is going to be what haunts me out. Push this stuff more. this way so I can pull it off without damaging too much. It's going to be fun making a reel around that. I don't know how I'm going to make my reel and hide all of those scary Dravens. Almost done with Senor Draven. Okay, so I think we're in a good spot, but this this back side of his face is bothering me. you know, the part that faces the light. I would love to bring in some kind of universal light, some kind of blue, some kind of gray. But there's only so much I can do in the time I've got. But what I can do is at least bring in a highlight to separate that part of his face. actually. I like that little smudgy bit there. Oops. Get some of that highlight on his mustache. And then kind of try to show the rest of his lip area. just make it as um out of the way as possible really just like they did in the reference. This was a long critique hour. I am sorry if it's boring. Are you guys enjoying these League Splash critiques? Um, are there any requests that you guys might have for them? And then I'm going to let the mustache just get under his nose. That way we have more clarity for his nosular area. Nosaler nosular area here. And then maybe sneak a bit of reflection on the nostril area. Yes. You really love them. Thank you. Oh, you're having a blast. Thank you. He does look like Waluigi, doesn't he? He looks like Yeah, exact. He looks like what Waluigi thinks he looks like. Um well, I'm happy you guys are enjoying Just showing a bit of sweat on his cheek. He's sweaty. Um, showing a bit of that brow. I'm just using that white in the background and showing a bit of shine on his mouth area. And then color dodge. Trying to show a bit of that along his chin. And the tongue really doesn't need to be seen. Like it can just be put away. You can see in the reference how even the one that's open, the tongue isn't that big a deal. And he's more like what are the things that he says in the game? I'll rage quit if I don't win. And then I've never seen a Draven that wasn't winning that didn't rage quit. Um they just AFK every rage every every uh Draven that you know that was bought cuz I'm a bot main um every uh Draven that was winning that was losing they just rage quit. It's just like it's in the personality and I think the League of Legends champions really are like a personality test for the most part. I really value like um supports and and and bots that have a very uh giving kit. Like they're really helpful for the team. I think Sona is like the best support like um kit that you can get cuz she's got crazy damage, but her, you know, every other thing is AoE and it helps your your team a lot. And I feel like that's a reflection of who I am as a person. But when I used to when I first started playing League, it was always top top Atrox, top Cho'Gath. Those were just I just wanted to be left alone and I wanted to suck while I was just kind of living in my own little top world. And then I realized that if we don't have a strong bot, we're going to lose. So I started playing bot just so that I could help out and just strengthening this shadow right here under his um under his head. and I started uh trying to focus everything on bot. Okay. So, here's the head and the body. And I'm just going to try to um bring the um What's going on? out. I'm going to try to because I did so much to the to the form. I'm going to try to uh to bring back some of the contrast in the torso, but like not all of it. Just some of it. And try to borrow some kind of bounce light from the ground to awaken his muscles a little cuz everything is just very very mild in this general area and we need to see a little bit more of a bounce light playing a role in some of these more hidden areas. it. There's only so much time left. I can just do this really topically. But you can see how, you know, the the the cleft of his chest, it should be something like, you know, something like that. It's completely missing. So, I can try to introduce that in somehow at least. This cleavage. Okay. And then we've just got like some of that area that I over darkened, I think. But there's just so much to do that, you know, um, so and then I'm just going to use that as rim light instead. or his abs, this and most of that. [clears throat] Um, though I would love to keep that rim light. I think a final decision of mine would be, and I'll show you how effective it is, would be to create a stronger silhouette for his body to separate him from the background. It feels like a very League thing to do, you know, to completely separate him and and eclipse it only on an aspect. So, I'm going to do darken and eclipse everything else. There may be a lot of stuff that I've lost, you know, in the process. And just erase away the very very edges. feels like a a pointless thing to do really because um that room light's really important. But I'm trying to find a balance where we still have most of his body visible. Maybe if I boosted it to pure white on some of the more metallic surfaces that might help. Yeah, I think that definitely helps. Okay, and we're almost done. I promise. Been a long class and a long day, too. I'm just boosting the highlight of this metallic part of the armor so that we can complete it and call it done. Okay. So, thank you, Dravens. I'm going to make one last call on the head size before it is too late and I mix everything. I think it still looks plenty uh, you know, pointing at us. Uh, the background on one side and the other side don't feel like they're the same. They're from the same canvas. Do you know what I mean? Uh, so that may be a problem later because it's kind of cutting the canvas in half. I'm going to push up these aspects of the painting that seem to be uh connected. Not sure why that happened. And I would love to center him more the words the this, you know, the middle here and show more of this whatever it is because he really needs to be in the um in the middle more. I think the reason why they placed it like that is because back then they had those animated waiting screens which was again coolest thing about it but we don't get to have anything nice nowadays. Yeah, it looks much better with him off to the side. And then I'll show you the final before and after once I patch this up. Okay. Match that. Match that. So, a lot of people asked about male characters. Why I'm only doing female characters? I I wasn't. It was just, you know, a lot more requests for female characters than male characters for the league um splashes. But, you know, there's plenty male now. Plenty. It's raining men now. That's cringe. And I'm just fixing these pillars. I don't know why that song, it's raining men really matches Draven. It's raining. Hallelujah. You think that's what's on his shuffle while he's [laughter] while he's slaughtering people? Um, I'm not a big fan of whatever the heck that was supposed to be in the background behind him. So, I'm going to get rid of it. It's too bright. I think it was my doing. And I'm gonna try to show some of that fire wheel thing that he's playing with a little bit as well, just so we can get that going. Get that going. And then I'm almost done. I just need to smudge it all. Wow, that's pathetic. Um, so I'm just gonna I'm just gonna [laughter] shuffle it. I mean, uh, I'm just going to do that. Okay. So he needed to be off center a little just so you know I mean off the edge of the canvas a little just because it was way too gone from the canvas. That is as much as I can do right now. That is as much as I can pull off. Nope, that's not. I'm just going to darken these because for some reason my eyes are telling me these need to be a little darker. Okay, just just one more thing, I swear, and then I'll go to bed. So, oh my god, my bird. She just does this  She'll randomly like squawk and then just jump at you. She is so unhinged. I don't know what demon she's seeing. She always makes me my pants when she does that. So, this area here might need a little bit of shadow. I'm sorry if you guys heard that. She's very, very loud. Why you do that? Huh? Why you do that? Naughty. Okay, so this I don't know why it felt like these needed to be darker. They just needed to be in front. I wish I could do more because I'm I'm really enjoying his like whole expression. Oh, no. What is the Oh, right. I moved the eyes. Excuse have them back there. I was like, "Oh, no. Did I ruin everything?" Uh, I'm going to merge that down. I'm going to go ahead and delete that. And I'm going to delete all of these Okay, everybody ready? Before after. So, it's big change. Big change. So, he's leaning more towards the canvas. Now, the head is much bigger, but I really didn't understand what was happening with the face size and the head. You see how it's two perspectives? You see this big giant error? This is the face perspective, but this is the head perspective. Oops. So, you had like two completely different perspectives on each other. And then we've got I'm just copying the general beauty of Draven, right? I don't have any say in the style or anything like that. One thing I would love to do is give him some little teeth cuz he's a biter. I'm such a predator right now. Um, don't care. Don't care. I'm 35 years old. I'm allowed to be a little creepy. I'm one of those ladies that that whistles at men now. I'm I'm that age now. Just gonna give up. Just give me a second. Just let an old lady have her fun, guys. Come on. Sharp teeth. Mighty boy. All right, we're um No, that was the wrong tooth. Doesn't matter. Before, after. Before, after. There's a lot that I could have worked on. I could have brought in some blue. I really think they needed another color. Um I think maybe some like shadow on the lower half of the canvas just to really uh bring in the eyes towards this um this burning, fiery, molten type of feel to the illustration. The hands look great. Uh, I would love to see some more of an eclipsing along the hands. Forgot about the hands for a second as I usually do. So, I'm just going to do some rim light along the hands really quickly. Okay. So before after you can still bring the drama of the excessive shadow, but this time it's in tears. This time we have it in levels. We have that bright bright change in the background. Do you guys remember that bright bright I change I made in the beginning? That was really really important. Also, I just noticed that I don't know if this is the horizon line or something. This this strange horizon line needs to be lifted because it's creating a discontinuity behind him. The space behind him doesn't feel like it should be there. Do you see that? So, what I'm going to do, I'm actually just going to do this because I don't have time to do anything else right now. So, I'm just gonna create kind of an extension. Oops. On that. Sophie's telling me it's rattle time. So, I need to hurry the hell up because it's not fair. It's rattle time, Mommy. I've been quiet through all of your classes and you're just still going. It's not fair. Um, and I'm just deleting. It's okay, mama. Rattle away. So, you see that strange horizon line? I'm not sure what it is, but it's throwing off this line. This line right here. You don't want to throw off that line because this is all space behind him, which is really cool because it it makes it really feel like he's in front of us. We don't want to interrupt that space. Uh, so I'm I'm still going to just clean this up because that is very very disruptive. There was no reason for that horizon line to be that low, right? So, I'm just going to blend it out of the way. Conveniently out of the way. Not trying to be anything. It's not just opening up that space behind. Okay. So, I'm going to flatten the whole image now. I hope I didn't forget anything. I forgot anything. God help me. And go to the before after. So, two completely different paintings, but the energy is the same. I guess this was some kind of explosion behind him, but it's not that worth it. It's not worth seeing the interruption of that horizon line. Um that that that shadow behind him. So, I'm just going to show how it kind of extended similar to the way they did it. It's just like the smoldering effect of his of his blades. And I just raised that whatever it was upward in the painting. Before after the perspective is more consistent. He looks more ferocious and determined. He's looking directly at the viewer. He uh his expression is consistent. And uh sorry, his portrait is consistent with the rest of his uh splashes. It doesn't look like a completely different person. Uh Draven is one of those characters where it really feels like every time they draw him, he looks so different. Um not sure why. Um he's he has that same general um kind of like glamorous look to him. He always is dressed up. He gets a haircut every day. Definitely a boy. If there was ever a boy, it's Draven. And then I'm just introducing more highlights here along the gauntlet. Sorry. Uh before after be before before after before before after the person who was waiting like six months for this I'm sorry it took me this long to do this critique for you. Thank you for watching everyone. I appreciate um just one more fix. I can stop anytime I want. Do you guys have any questions at all? Um, before I I let you guys go, thank you everybody. From the Spectrum Draven to Barbarian Draven from [laughter] Oh my gosh, I did not meant to read that. I I thought you were talking about light spectrum. Do ignore what I just read. That was a comment. That was not me. That was just me reading accidentally. Um, Rattle Baby is done. Thank you everyone for watching. I'll see you guys next time. And look out for the real if you guys watch this on Instagram. I really appreciate you guys coming to the live streams. It means a lot. Bye everyone. No, don't cancel me. [laughter] Bye.
