Title: 5 Beginner Akali Mistakes You NEED To Stop Making
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MyC7uYwQ4I

Content:
Yo, what's up? I'm Angu, grandmaster's EUNE and challenger EUNE peak Akali player. I've been OTPing Akali since season 11. More than 5 million points on her. I've coached few Akali players and in this video, I will show you probably the five most common mistakes I see beginner Akali player make. So, yeah, let's [ __ ] go. Okay, so the first one would be fighting too hard before level three. So, one of the biggest mistakes I see beginner Akali players make is like trying to feast enemy laner since level one, but Akali's early game is not that good. And they just end up getting chunked without getting much done before they can actually start playing the game. That being said though, of course if enemy completely disrespects you and you can proc electro on level one, then like obviously go for it, right? But more often than not, it is way better to just relax until level three where you unlock all of your abilities and then you can start playing the game. And of course, it's like all match up dependent. So, first mistake is just stop trying to flip random level ones and two fights every game and just patiently wait for level three. The second mistake that I see a lot is using your W and E randomly pretty much instantly getting punished for not having those. If you waste your shout, you lose your main defensive tool and you kind of cannot play the game for next 20 seconds because if you walk up, a good enemy will just run you down. The same goes for E. If you randomly use your E's and you get into a fight, you will most likely lose it, waste flash or even die. It especially applies to team fighting where you want to make best use out of your abilities. So, wasting or incorrectly using both of these makes Akali actually super useless most of the time. Just imagine being in the middle of team fight without shout trying to pick up your passives. Sounds disgusting, doesn't it? So, as you see in shown example right now, this Akali gets level three, she goes into raptors, she E's randomly, and pretty much instantly gets punished by Yasuo. Wastes shroud also. She just gets run down by Yasuo. And she has to waste flash in the end. Okay, so here in another example, she gets E off on Yasuo. She takes it for a electro proc, which is fine, but look at the shroud usage though. She used shroud right under turret when she was still full life, full everything. And then Yasuo will just run her down once again. A lot of climbing on Akali is honestly just being patient with your cool downs. Okay, so another mistake that I see, this is especially to like super lower elo Akali uh players is not picking up your passive. I I I saw a lot of especially TikTok clips when where people instead of just doing that that, so they pick up passive, go for auto and stuff like this. What they do is I'm going to wait for my this to reset. What they do is they they they just do this. They right click people and they just spam Q's. Um which is obviously bad, right? Because um like your passive is crazy portion of your damage, right? So like huge part of improving on Akali is like becoming smoother with your passive pickups. So what you want to do is you can even go into practice tool. You can just Q targets, practice leaving passive procking. And just do this over and over again until you are smooth. This is actually very important. Okay, so basically another mistake that a lot of Akali players make, not just to every champion but um to Akali especially, is trading where your when it when your Electrocute is down. So basically if I spawn a guy here, right? And [clears throat] I spawn a guy here, um I'm spawning both just to show the damage difference, but let's say I proc Electrocute on this guy and then do the exact same trade against this guy just to show the damage difference, right? Um when you trade with electro and without electro. So if I do Q auto Q against that guy, it deals [clears throat] 677 damage. And then as you see my electro is on cool down, right? So if I do the same trade it deals more than 100 damage lower and that is Electrocute only. Um so yeah, so whenever you trade people whenever you want to trade with people, make sure you have electro off of cool down. Okay, so another thing when it comes to runes, um when playing Sudden Impact or Scorch, but most of the time Sudden Impact alone, right? Is like actually not abusing it intentionally. So what I mean by that is normally in pretty much every single combo you would like get it passively anyways like the damage of it. But you can like actually abuse it during laning phase. Um so if I spawn a guy here and let's see if he's playing too much defensively here. What I can do is instead of walking here and trying to flip my E right? What I can do is I can just E backwards, kill him and then uh the damage is my Q and sudden impact which as you saw the true damage it dealt 40 damage of true damage. So imagine how strong are your trades or like pokes and like how much damage you can do with it. And the the cool down is 10 seconds. So you literally every E if you don't have uh kill angle every E you can just do this. Okay. So for the last mistake uh that I see a lot of people do like in general on especially ult reliant champions just like Akali right? Because Akali is very ult reliant. Without ult you pretty much don't want to fight at all. Um but what I see people doing is let's say the drake is respawning in next I don't know 1 and 1/2 minutes right? Obviously my ult cool down is slightly bigger than that but that's besides the point here. Um but yeah so let's say drake is respawning in 1 and 1/2 minutes and what people will do is they will go for solo kill. Which is like Okay, nice. I killed him. But then I have my ult on cool down when drake fight is about to happen. And obviously in lower elos um people will not do objectives on spawn but saving your ult for those big fights and just laning as good as possible without using your ult and just saving it for the for the big fights for the like baron fight for the drake fight and everything like that is so huge because what happens is uh when Akali doesn't have ult basically if you miss your E then first of all you put yourself in very bad position is what I said in second point and then you literally don't have anything else other than Q's and like no one will like run straight at you like if they see Akali running at them they will just go back right? Or they will just commit on your team and stuff like that. So you're not having ult for those like key fights of the game, which is like an objective, those big fights that matter the most, is very important for Akali. So, yeah, those were the five most common mistakes I see beginners Akali player make. If you enjoyed this type of video and want more Akali content, make sure to subscribe and stuff. I also stream on Twitch from time to time and yeah, make sure to check it out also. And for now, see you until next one. So, yo, 07.
