Title: NEW UPDATED TIER LIST for PATCH 26.08! - League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GlOO8aMOXs

Content:
Mundo Jungle has been decimated by his Nerf. Mel is now back to being a sub 46% win rate champ after her Nerf. So, we've got all this and much more to cover in today's video as we provide you guys with an update to the solo queue tier list for every single role in 26.8. And remember, our tier list will always show you the most broken champions in the meta. But knowing what's broken doesn't mean you know how to abuse it, which is exactly why countless players love our live challenger commentaries. Every single week our challenger experts upload full live games walking you through exactly how to carry in your own ranked games. From how to win trades in lane to making the right macro calls in the mid game and how to dominate team fights breaking down every key decision they make in real time to make sure you know exactly how to play every stage of the game step-by-step on your chosen champion. And if you still have questions, our coaches are let's just say compelled to answer them. And that's only the start as we've updated our season 16 essentials courses for every role breaking down how to play every stage of the game into easy to digest chapters giving you all of the tips, tricks, and strategies you need to climb this season guaranteed. As if you don't climb at least five divisions while actively using our service then you get every penny back. So, what's there to lose? Get your exclusive one-time discount by clicking the link in the pinned comment or description below and start your climb today. So, starting things off with some top lane updates our challenger top laner Stompist has been running a really interesting new setup on his Vayne top so let's break it down. So, it's a very matchup specific strategy where into champs like Jax, Camille, or Renekton you put three points into E and then take electrocute for the keystone room. The idea behind this is that Jax, Camille, and Renekton have have cool downs on their key trading abilities that are 16 seconds or longer. Jax E is 17 seconds, Renekton E is 16 seconds, and Camille E is 16 seconds. The problem with that for Vayne is that her E is on a 20-second cool down at rank one in the spell. This means that all those champs can try to trade with Vayne and then they have a three or four second window where their abilities come back off cool down where they can trade and Vayne can't condemn them away. By putting at least three points in Vayne E the spell drops to a 16-second cool down which is the exact same as those spells of Jax, Cam, and Renekton. So, once you hit level five Vayne can then play extremely aggro in those matchups because if they try to initiate anything she knows she will have her E up to counter them. By taking electrocute for the keystone you enhance your short trading power which is what you want in those fighter matchups. Now, of course if you're playing into a tank matchup then you just go the standard Vayne setup but this strategy can work really well for you in those specific matchups. We've got the full extensive breakdown of the strategy up on our advanced insight section of Vayne's build page on our new free build site. So, be sure to check that out if you want to learn more about it. So, we've mentioned in recent videos how Sunfire and Hollow Radiance rush is quite overrated on Ornn right now and it's also extremely overrated on Malphite. For a long time now it's actually been way more optimal to rush Frozen Heart or Titanic Hydra on Malphite but players just autopilot Sunfire or Hollow Radiance. Early on in lane you really don't need the additional wave clear from a Bami's Cinder as building a component from Frozen Heart like Warden's Mail is so much more valuable. Frozen Heart as a whole is super synergistic with Malphite because you get armor, haste, and mana. All three of those stats are incredibly valuable on Malphite especially the fact you get 75 armor which is 15 more than what you get on Sunfire. So, your abilities are dealing more damage if you go Frozen Heart since Malphite's abilities scale off of armor. The passive on Frozen Heart is also such a hard counter to many fighter top laners who rely on auto attacking to deal damage. So, especially against Jax, Tryndamere, Irelia, Yone, Yasuo, or Olaf the Frozen Heart is an even more OP pick up. So, 26.9 is going to be the patch that likely shakes up the meta for all roles as there isn't much to update for top lane in 26.8 being that there wasn't a single top lane champion adjusted. Garen and Kayle continue to be the most OP top laners for now but that could definitely be changing soon. We're seeing some big Duskblade of Dawn adjustments in 26.9 so we'll have to keep a close eye on how that impacts Kayle's strength in meta as she's been a Duskblade of Dawn user. A bunch of rune and item changes are coming too so we should have a massive update in 26.9 for top lane. So, the biggest loser from the 26.8 changes ended up being Mundo as he's now tracking as one of the weaker junglers. Riot nerfed not only his Q damage to monsters but his E damage to monsters as well so a double hit to his clear speed which is proving to be very impactful. Mundo was definitely over performing a bit last patch but these nerfs have taken things a bit too far as he's now a lower percentile jungle pick up. We had moved Mundo down into the A tier for our pre-patch tier list but we have to adjust him even further seeing how hard the nerfs hit him as we're dropping him into B tier. So, now that it's been a few patches since Shyvana's rework she's settling out as a pretty solid pick up and we're bumping her into the A tier. She's still a more low elo skewed champ as she's not seeing nearly as much success in the higher ranks but she is really over performing in all the lower elos. With Mundo nerfed for this patch we are dropping him out of our low elo top three and we'll be replacing him with Shyvana. If you're looking to pick up Shyvana we have a reworked Shyvana guide that we uploaded on the day of her release so it's a great resource to check out if you're just getting started on her. So, for the jungle tier list in 26.8 it's going to be Nocturne and Briar returning as the OP picks once again. There's an interesting new rune setup going around for Rek'Sai right now that has her taking Press the Attack for the keystone instead of Conqueror. PTA has been outperforming Conqueror over the past patch and it looks to be quite underrated if taken in the correct spots. The big difference between PTA and Conqueror is that offers more upfront damage while Conqueror is best in longer extended fights. [music] So, where you would look to go Press the Attack on Rek'Sai is in games where the enemy team is majority squishy where you can burst them out faster and don't need the extended fight power from Conqueror. Rek'Sai has actually been pretty underrated in general lately especially for the higher elos holding a top five win rate for a few patches in a row. So, we've got her up in the S tier as a really strong pick up. So, other than Mundo dropping down the tier list due to his Nerf Lillia was buffed and the changes landed pretty impactful. It was Lillia's passive monster damage that went up by a lot as it was 65 flat before but now goes from 70 scaling to 180. So, once you get a few levels on Lillia you're clearing a lot faster than before and this is translating into a nice spike in power for the champ. As a result of this buff and seeing how it's landed we are giving Lillia a push up into the jungle S tier for mid patch. For mid lane in 26.8 we saw some nerfs to Mel and buffs to Hwei but the general outlook on the meta remains very similar to last patch with Xerath locking down the OP tier. Mel is now back to being one of the weakest mid laners in the game as her win rate has fallen by around 2%. The crazy thing is that despite getting nerfed Mel's ban rate remains at 40% so we're reaching unprecedented territory here. Usually if a champion has a sub 46% win rate they will never have a ban rate higher than a few percent. So, the fact people are still banning Mel despite her being a statistically poor champion goes to show how frustrating her kit is as a whole. Who knows where Riot goes from here but it really looks like they are going to have to rework Mel's W at the very least in order to reduce the general player's frustration in playing against her. In regards to the Hwei changes they are looking to have landed quite neutral. The damage was buffed on his passive but then there was also a bug fix Nerf issued so Hwei's power has not been impacted as a whole and we'll be leaving him in the mid lane A tier. A build that we have highlighted on our brand new build site for Jhin that we want to mention that is really underrated consists of going Ghostblade with Stormrazor. Hubris is being played quite a bit as Jhin's rush right now and it's not bad by any means but we really like the Ghostblade with Stormrazor combo because of all the additional movement speed you get from the core. Jhin's main weakness is the fact he lacks a gap closer. So, by building Ghostblade with Stormrazor the amount of cutting power you get is incredible. Into melee heavy fighter or tanks comps you can still opt for the higher DPS two item core of Stormrazor and Infinity Edge but if you're playing into a squishier or rangier comp that's where this Ghostblade with Stormrazor core slots in the best. The Collector is also a pretty big bait item on Jhin right now. If you want to rush Hubris or Ghostblade then that's fine but building two lethality items on Jhin isn't worth it. Stormrazor is just way too good to pass up on for Jhin so you're either rushing it or building it second. So, for the ADC meta in 26.8 Lucian did end up getting a buff and it's landed as to how we expected with him being a good A tier pick but just short of moving into S. The broader outlook on the meta doesn't change at all for this patch with Jinx, Ashe, and Xayah as the OP tier champs. Since there isn't much to talk about in regards to the meta one thing we want to ask you guys about which we've seen your comments on is whether we should keep mages on the tier list or make a separate bracket for mages. Whether you like it or not mages are simply some of the best and easiest champions you can play bot lane to climb with. So, it feels a bit strange if we were to just completely omit them from the list. At the same time though we do agree that the S tier just ends up looking a bit cluttered because of the mages. So, let us know in the comments whether you think we should keep the design how it is, completely remove mages entirely, or have a separate section for mages. This is what the separate section would look like so that we've got the mages grouped up together away from the traditional ADCs. Basically it'll be a section that highlights the best bot lane mages that you can play for the current patch. As always we're constantly looking for ways to improve the quality of our content so if this is something you think we should do then be sure to let us know. And then for the support tier list in 26.8 Karma, Tahm, and Yuumi who were adjusted this patch. Karma lost enough power to where she's now down in the A tier instead of S. Tahm Kench is actually not a terrible support pick for the first time in a while as he's up in the A tier. And then Yuumi actually lost win rate from her adjustments. The Yuumi changes were really weird because even though Riot buffed the heal on her R they issued two bug fixes to the spell which has resulted in Yuumi losing power. We had Yuumi in the support B tier last patch but with these changes landing negatively we're going to slide her down into C as she's just not a support you want to be prioritizing if you're serious about climbing and improving from the support role. And then I guess if you count Mel as a support she was another champ who got changed in the role for this patch with a couple of nerfs and she's as close to unplayable as you're ever going to get for a champion. Mel support win rate has quite literally dropped to 40% as a result of the nerfs. So, if you are someone who is actually picking Mel support in solo queue then you're making things drastically harder for yourself than they have to be. If you want to play a pokey mage support then just pick Seraphine or Zyra as they are miles better than Mel right now. All right guys, one last thing our rank up guarantee is insane. It's like signing up for the gym and getting a refund if you don't get ripped. That's how confident we are in Skill-Capped. We obsess over making the best guides with top players, rigorous testing, and top tier video editing to make your climb easy. If you're ready to level up visit skillcapped.com and see the difference. So, that's going to be all for this one guys. Hopefully this is the last more boring patch we will see for a while as it looks like Riot has a ton of interesting changes cooked up for 26.9 that we can look forward to. With that being said, thank you all so much for watching and we'll see you in the next one. >> Mhm.
