Title: SEASON 16 AHRI GUIDE - HOW TO PLAY AHRI MID & CARRY S+ 10 CSPM Best Build & Runes -League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2kwG60ePkY

Content:
What's up guys? Atardo here and today I'm going to show you how to play Armit in season 16, how to carry the game and how to climb with her having 10 CS per minute. We will be playing in diamond on ranked with few former master tier players in this game. So you want to start with W first in most matchups. You should do an auto attack W and also to trigger electrocute. Make sure to get closer to the enemy first or else W will attack nearby minions. Then you should pay attention to your electrocute keystone and depending on the enemy's trading potential. If the enemy has a lot of poke level one, then you should wait for electrocute keystone to refresh and then try the same combo. Level two against assassins with gap closers. You can take E second to pressure the enemy. Other than that, just Q. Yeah, my electrocute traits are still stronger. And Ari is fine into Cassadine even if he sces harder. At least I have gap closers too. Let's go with Q for more poke since we are going to push already. And the enemy will be forced to just last hit allowing for poke opportunities especially against melee. And then you just have to pay attention to your own minions. So you're going to know when the enemy is going for the last hit or joy. Just make sure to ward early, especially against early game junglers. Yeah, I stick to that side. It's better to ward later, but just to be sure in case the enemy doesn't full clear. Also, I usually play it with Vignite. These days, I play with teleport on Ari because that way I can impact the game more and has enough damage. Also, against some matchups with sustained like Cassadin, it's only likely to kill the enemy early game. So even if I would get one kill with Ignite, it wouldn't be worth it for the outcome of the game. So if I do not get one against Cassadin, I can just focus on farming potentially pressuring the enemy. Sad. So I'm going to have good CS per minute and the enemy will have less. Here I should have charmed earlier because the E can stop dashes. Also, my ward went off, but I still tried to finish off Cassadin. Mainly because I still had my flash, so I wanted to try, but was best to just back and respect potential early gank more. Maybe if I landed charm earlier, always play with malignance first because it lowers your bed cool down. And if you can afford the item, you should go with Lost Chapter first for 1,200 gold. I was blasting one for 850. And if you happen to bug very early, then just take dark seal for potential AP. And generally, this item has good base stats of extra AP and HP. Think I could have kept teleport. It's very important early game not to waste mana and save it for the poke and wave clear. So all the charm if you're very likely to land it. You should rely on W poke. So all the charm if you're very likely to land it. You should rely on W poke without attacks and only Q if the enemy is in range. So at best you can damage both the minion wave and the enemy at once. I'm just going to be ready to follow for potential objectives and skirmishes. If you see a fight coming, make sure to push the wave first if possible. So that way you can keep the enemy busy with minions having to out push the wave. I'm one minion away from to follow for Java while you can already follow up faster especially with autobat. That's something great about Ari compared to other champions allowing her to win fights 2v2 with the jungler. An enemy is doing it. >> As for the queue, remember that it deals damage in and out. And on return, it deals true damage. So, it means that it ignores enemy magic resist. Remember that even if you miss at first, you still have potential to damage the enemy on return simply by moving accordingly to the left or right. Also, you can change the puffing of your queue on return if you use your automat dash to maximize the damage. When you queue the billion wave, you should position to damage as many minions as you can. But I don't recommend randomly pressing Q on full HP billion wave early game because you're just going to leave minions on lower HP and if the enemy pressures you. You won't be able to last hit this without overextending and getting poked. So instead, just wait for billions to drop lower HP or use also attacks so that you can finish off the wave with Q. Your W prioritizes low HP targets too. Also prioritizing enemy champions and the damage is doubled against minions below 20% HP, so you can easily last hit especially at your turret, but best if you can mostly use W aggressively to poke an enemy and practice last hit with vols. W also provides speed, so you can time it to dodge enemy abilities, create distance, or catch up to enemies. And your main combo should be EQ W. Your passive heals you every time you reach nine stacks, and you gain a stack for killing a minion or monster. Additionally, whenever an enemy champion dies in 3 seconds of you damaging them, you also get healed for twice as much, so you can outplay with resets. It has the same synergy with autobat where if the champion dies on taked down within 3 seconds of you damaging them, you get an extra auto bed dash with 1 second cool down between casts. I just wait for teleport. >> I need this item. So at first when you have three dashes after casting the first one it can be recast for two addition slow types within 15 seconds of the activation of the first cast. I can make cheap trades with W and also and the rest I keep for clear. Yeah, I've got 10 CS per minute so far. Remember that for the ultimate casts beyond the first cost no mana. Every time you get a takedown, the duration of ultimate is extended by 10 seconds and you can store up to three reccasts at a time. If you use three dashes without getting the takedown, but it is show 15 seconds of automat elapse since the first cast will be damaged by you dice in 3 seconds. You can still get an ultimate reset and extend the duration by 10 seconds. Okay, he didn't go for blasting wound damage. Remember to use your ult wisely. Like you should use ultat not at the start of the fight. Like you don't have to be the one to engage unless you're weak and catch someone off. Instead you just do basic abilities. And if you're lane focused or if the team fights already severed and enemies are low HP, you just engage and get free resets with both the kills. I can keep teleport and unlike other champions, you're going to be able to catch up and it will be hard for enemies to calculate that if they overextend in a random fight. So look, I'm seeing my team potentially going for dragons. I've already set up vision and also I'm pushing the wave to keep Cassadin busy efficient with my ability to clear as many minions with a single queue. Okay, pushing this. This will keep Cassadin busy. Nice. 210 CS per minute. So in other situation if the enemy mid laner was closer by pushing the wave in the right moment I force him to stay at clear. Will he contest this? No. Or else he just has to give up on the wave if he wants to contest the dragon. Hi Vitaliano. How are you? Nice to see you on the stream. Nice damage. At the same time, by pushing before an objective, I'm going to be there faster on the objective than my enemy. And we're going to have potential advantage in number. should have left home. >> Yeah, this season is more of a farm lane. >> How are you? Fine. I'm I'm a bit ill. Maybe you can tell from my voice. I'm playing ranked now. I'm doing the diamond climb. >> They b my Diana. Okay, I can still keep my TP. Nice. At first I was like maybe I just push mly but the fight was getting closer. Also I recommend using automat if you cannot reach the target anymore and while you can you can just do basic abilities with ability haste. These cooldowns go really low so you can do it multiple times. And also if you are a rob and you can wait a bit get there by walking first and then because for example you can do one old cast and the other casts you have to keep for damage. This is the part of your combo not just for mobility. So you're going to need damage from old to be effective as well especially if you're not that fat. They have vision. Okay. I can only count roams get as much goat as I can and can't one v one him only earlier I had the chance but Jarvin saved him also remember that your ultimate projectiles have similar range to your W. So you don't have to dash straight at the B. You can keep some distance. It's going to be harder to damage you as well. And you can outplay. I had that quest complete with extra magic pants, so it was easier for me. Enmy up. We don't have that many gap closers. >> But I'm not lost. >> So yeah, in the sea of teleportary is better. >> An enemy has been slain. That's so >> shadow flame next. Are they doing this or not? >> No. Hey Sophie, thanks for the follow. >> Nice dragon. I've got this objective warded. Your team has destroyed a turret. >> Okay, so we know he's there. Team destroyed. >> An ally has been slain. Yes, I'm going to complete rift on. I'm going to do that. >> Yes, I've got the rift. Let's go. Wait, that's huge. I can use that already. Your team destroyed a turret. >> Another one. >> Such use of rift in diamond. I would never guess. All right. And this season is more about snowballing. So I just play for tempo. I make him maybe old. Oh, knows what's coming. >> Should have done nothing. I should go bot now. It actually depends if he wants to lane swap or not, but I can just teleport if needed. Is it needed? >> Shut down. >> Unstoppable. >> What was the fight for? For nothing. >> They just randomly walked into the jungle. two 10 CS per minute. I think it's better that I stayed. I pushed more. I'd rather teleport for an objective. I carry the legacy of the So yeah, I didn't want to show up at first. She's going to stay. >> Oh, he's there. Okay. I have no vision on where I can join. Start has been destroyed. Ah, it's just what I needed. Oh, what a combo. >> Triple kill. >> Nice. Okay. What? I didn't expect him to be dead. Your team has destroyed a turret. Hi, you're the best. Love your content. Hey Per, thanks so much. I really appreciate you and welcome to the stream. How we doing? >> Quick as a but I'm not lost. lives are soleading. >> Oh yeah, big time difference. There's beauty in the smallest moments. I remember you. >> I'm living my best life. An ally has been slain. >> All right. So, nothing's going to happen. I'll remember. >> How did chase get caught? I won't forget. >> But there's late game Kazadin. We have Twitch. If he survives, it's fine. Your turret has been destroyed. They want him to try because I think Yori has TP advantage and I used YTP. Okay. The world is mine to discover. >> Easier than I expect. How do you play Dasadina? Sorry. I poke him early and later I just focus on farming because like at level 10, >> you're not getting the kill against him. Okay. Triple kill. >> Good thing I followed Electal. Like, he is good, but he requires the followup. And we won. >> All right. Good game for the most part. Nice. I hope that you enjoyed this and that you learned something on how to play Ari on the mid lane. I wish you good luck on the climb. And if you are interested, remember that I do coaching for AR and other champions so I can help you drastically improve and climb ranked faster. The link to my Discord to contact me is in the video description. Let me know what do you think in the comments or if you want to request some champion guide. Thanks for watching and see you next time.
