Title: League of Legends Minimum Requirements PC Build
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GhfAa4d3HY

Content:
So, I was playing League of Legends the other day because as you all know, I [ __ ] addicted, so I can't quit. That's right. And for some reason, I remembered how terrible it used to be playing this game on my old single core laptop. Then this thought occurred. This game is so old. I wonder what the minimum requirements are to even run League. One Google search later and I was floored. An i3 530 Nvidia 9600 GT. Only two gigabytes of RAM. Surely this can't be true. My 13700 K struggles to get over 200 FPS. Maybe it's good for like 30 FPS or, you know, maybe the requirements haven't been updated. How how much would a rig like this actually cost? Anyway, I went and checked out eBay. I3530 for five bucks. That is unbelievably cheap. 9600 GT H. Well, for $30, I'm sure I could get something that performs a little better, but you know, it's still pretty cheap and it's an EVGA model, so add that to cart as well. A motherboard for 45 bucks. And I have some old RAM laying around. You know what? Screw it. Let's try this thing out. All right, guys. I went ahead and did it. Let's find out. Can you actually play League of Legends with the minimum requirements? I call this the LOL minimumspec PC build. [Music] As I was waiting for my parts to come in, I decided to do some research on these components. And oh my god, the 9600 GT came out in 2008 and only has 512 MGB of VRAM. The i3 530 came out in 2010 and it's just a dual core processor. You know, I really am wondering if this stuff is even going to boot up. 3 days later, finally, we have all our parts in. And honestly, it's all in pretty good condition. I am suspicious of the thermal paste being okay in our 9600 GT, but let's just get this all put together and see if we even get a post. Shout out to the seller of this motherboard, by the way. He tossed in four 2 GB sticks of DDR3 RAM, a stock cooler, and an i5 530 for free. So, I mean, that was pretty cool. I also discovered that the 9600 GT only uses DVI ports, so I guess I'm going to have to pull out an old monitor to get some video out on this card. Installing the CPU was pretty simple. Same as any other platform, we put some thermal glizzy down, even though it's probably completely overkill, snapped on the stock cooler, and we slotted in our one stick of 2 GB DDR3 memory, then proceeded to install our 9600 GT. Outside of hooking up our power supply, that's all we really need to do. Fingers crossed, everyone. Let's see if this works. Holy [ __ ] Oh my god. It actually it actually [ __ ] turned on. That's right. First try, it booted straight into our BIOS. And man, it's been a long time since I've seen an outdated BIOS like this. I kind of forgot how to even navigate it, to be honest. But once I got my bearings straight, it was time for the next big test. Will Windows 10 install on this old system? I did have a backup plan of using Windows 8 instead if for some reason Windows 10 isn't compatible with this old hardware, but if Windows 10 will work, I think that would be just great. Oh. Oh, no. Oh, okay. Okay. Oh my god. No way, man. I'm really hoping that Windows 10. Ends up being okay. God. Holy [ __ ] it's so loud. As it turns out, everything installed just fine and we are in Windows 10. Honestly, this is going much smoother than I expected. The last thing to do is to install League of Legends and then find the most upto-date 9600GT driver available. And wouldn't you know, League of Legends also installed just fine. And even though the client was pretty laggy, it was still quite usable. If you aren't a League player, the client is pretty notoriously terrible anyway. So, even nice systems can be laggy. Hopefully, we load into game. What? No way are we getting over 60 fps in this [ __ ] right now. Wait, we're getting like 90 FPS. I mean, we're just in fountain right now, but holy [ __ ] I am absolutely floored. Over 90 FPS while sitting in the fountain is totally insane. I then decided to put all the settings to low to see if it would improve my FPS a little more and it slightly dead. But what about some actual gameplay? I mean, this doesn't feel great. Like, I kind of wonder what the frame times are like. Oh. Oh, let's go. I mean, like the FPS is just sitting at like 80 the whole time. I mean, I'm playing on Wi-Fi, so some of this might be like a little bit of lag, but like I'm kind of impressed. I'm actually really [ __ ] impressed that this thing isn't like just dogging. All right, I'm going to like put some more focus on like the FPS counter in the corner here. Oh, I might die there. We'll put some more focus on the FPS counter here and then we'll keep fighting and then we'll analyze. It overall stays above 60 fps almost the entire time, but as I was describing earlier, it does feel like the 1% lows or frame times might be pretty poor as I was experiencing some stutteriness. Hopefully adding in two 4 GB sticks will help us out with that. Wow, we are seeing some pretty instant improvement. getting 130 something in the base on the lowest settings, but I feel like I remember it being at like 100 FPS in the base before two as the game started. So, we're going to have to see if that keeps up. But, and I'm going to be honest with you, this already kind of feels better. like I'm not as stuttery. So, our FPS has started to go down a little bit. I think I'm going to zoom in on it like I did before so that we can get a better and get a better look at the frame rate. I'm sure some of you are going to be like, why not run uh what's it called? Oh. Oh, we got a pretty big dip there. Aelion Soul in particular probably is tanking the FPS because Aurelian soul actually [ __ ] a lot of [ __ ] Um, but there's particles. So, I actually don't want to knock I feel like I have to say that it's performing quite a bit better with the extra the extra RAM. Even though it like you can just see the FPS is like you'll put his like gravity thing in and it just like the FPS just takes a [ __ ] dumper which I didn't have to have that visual effect in previously. Plus, I I can just tell that the game's less stuttery in general. Um, I'm like super used to like 144 hertz, so this is like pretty ghetto setup. But honestly, if you're like just looking to just looking to get by this, this like works surprisingly well for like what I spend like 20 bucks or something. Now that we have 8 GB of RAM, honestly, a really nice improvement here and a genuinely impressive performance overall. I guess you really can run League on almost a potato. But just for fun, let's put the system through a stress test and see how stable it is. So, here we are running Cinebench and the Heaven benchmark. And surprisingly, the stock cooler and old 9600 GT are holding up just fine. I was expecting some thermal throttling or a potential crash, but it sat here for a good 10 minutes without any issues. So, the system is even quite stable on top of that. All right, guys. It's time for the conclusion. Is League's minimum specs accurate? I would say by a landslide, yes. I am not sure if you could actually get much worse without taking a really big hit to performance, but this setup gets an almost perfect 60fps average. You know, it's almost like Riot Games must have a few systems like this laying around. So, when they make changes to the game, they make sure this minimum requirement still works all these years later. It's genuinely really impressive. Now, would I recommend doing this? I mean, honestly, I would probably get a different GPU. There are more powerful cards for a similar price, but for the steel, I got this motherboard and CPU for if you are really, really broke and desperate for a working system to play League of Legends on, I mean, this for sure works really well. Way better than I expected. I overall spent only $932 on eBay, and I'm not including the power supply, RAM, or SSD into that cost. But even if you add those in, you're building a computer for less than $150 that can play League at a good frame rate. Don't get me wrong, you could totally go deal hunting, too, and probably put together a computer like this for even cheaper than that. But that's just me spending extra on trusted listings and not doing a whole lot of searching in all honesty. With all that being said, guys, I really hope you like the video today. It was a lot of fun putting together and testing out this build. Depending on how this video goes, the minimum spec PC might come back in a future video. You never know. Once again, thanks for watching, guys. Please comment, rate, and subscribe. I hope you all have a fantastic day. [Music] I don't want your love.
