Title: How to Download League of Legends on Your PC or Laptop - Full Tutorial (2025)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikxgnwVxE-s

Content:
Hello guys, what's up? So I'm back again for another tutorial video. So in this video I will going to show you how you can download League of Legends on your PC or laptop. So if you are interested then keep on watching. But before all that, if you are new to my channel, consider to like and subscribe for more videos like this. And also you can comment down below if you have something that you want me to make a tutorial about. So without further ado, let's start the tutorial. So, to download League of Legends on your PC or laptop, it's actually pretty easy. Just follow what I'm going to do. So, for the first step, I want you to go to your Google Chrome or any web browser on your device. Once you're on your web browser, next I want you to search for Riot Games. And after searching, you will now be able to see this website, which is the official website of Riot Games. So, just go and click it. And after that, you will now be on the website. And by the way, guys, if you have no idea what Riot Games is, Riot Games is the developer and publisher League of Legends. So, this is where you can download the game. So, to download League of Legends on the Riot Games website, you just need to scroll down until you are on the games section. And here in the games section, you will now be able to see all the games of Riot. So, just select League of Legends. And right here, just click this play for free button. And before you can proceed, you will need to have a Riot account first. So if you already have an account, just sign it in right here. But if you don't have an account yet, then click the create one button to create your Riot account. In my case, I already have a Riot account, so I will just sign it in right here. So to sign in your Riot account, you just need to enter your username and password. And after that, your Riot account will now be signed in. So now that you've signed in your Riot account, you can now download League of Legends right here. Just select what device you are using. In my case, I will choose Windows since that's my device. And after that, your League of Legends will now start downloading. Just wait for it to finish. And once the download is finished, you can now click the file to start installing the game. And after that, your League of Legends will now start installing. Just wait for it to finish. And once it's finished, your Riot Games launcher will automatically open. So just log in your Riot account right here to continue. And after logging in your account, the terms of service of Riot Games will appear. Just scroll it down to the bottom and then click accept. And after that, click the install button. But before you can install the game, you will need to set up your Riot ID first. Your Riot ID is like your username on Riot Games, and you will also need to enter a five-digit number. And once you're done entering your Riot ID, you can now click the create [Music] button. And after that, I want you to click the install button once again. And then right here, Riot will show you the location where your League of Legends files will be saved. If you want to change it, just click this file icon right here. But if you are already fine with the location, just click install. And after that, your League of Legends will now start installing. So just wait for it to finish and then you will be able to play the game. And so that's just how you do it, guys. Now that you've watched this video, you can now do it yourself. So that concludes our tutorial video for today. I hope it helped you. Thanks for watching. Goodbye.
