Title: G2 Esports vs Karmine Corp - Game 2 | EWC Qualifier Bo5 | G2 vs KC
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZqzKaXkgnE

Content:
L. It says 3.7 in some cases. N >> you'll be swimming in water. >> Uh, bro, 15.5 cups, 3.7. That is bait. No. All right, just drink at least 2.3. I think that's fair enough as we get into game now. Tank top, whatever. That's fine. mid DFT mid laners remember 26.9 before that minimization of our new rune uh where it gets nerfed yet again as caps starts twin fang and he just burns Yahoo down. Remember you get 4 seconds of DFT with a single target ability like twin fang. So for Cassiopia it feels so nice just running at people. It's like we have refillable uh what is it? What is the potion that you use to buy trouble? >> Oh the damage. >> Yeah the damage one. Corrupt corruption potion. Was it >> corrupt? Yeah. No, no, no. Potion of corruption. Corruption potion. Whatever it was. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Where Cass just bought it, ate it, level one, and just pressed E and you just like 75% help people is broken. >> And you just played under your tower for the rest of the game. At least as a catarina player, I remember that damn potion. Okay. >> Holy. >> I remember you, man. >> Yeah, it was a great gameplay you must have had as uh you wanted to see mid lane interaction. Cap's going to show it to you a little bit at least here in the early levels. Level two now acquired though and looks like Yahoo's been able to chug at least a pot, but is doing okay as G2's 2v2 again, a surprise surprise, is going to be even better than last game. >> Yeah, they have been putting a lot of effort into getting those high push bot lanes. And again, I want to reiterate that with Vi, you do really need those pushing lanes. Uh particularly because it's very easy to invade in the early games. It's not that great at defending herself. So having mid push and bot push for skew makes it gives him a little bit of peace of mind to path towards that bot side of the map and actually play for that scout crab. You see Yahoo under tower, Kaliston busio also under tower. So uh Yag is going to have what I say to do the walk of shame. Not because he's drunk, but because he has to walk all the way to the top side of the map to secure a skull crab. >> They're going to be burned in the mid lane. Caps did miss a bit of CS by the I don't know what happened, but must have been his trading with Yahoo where he dropped uh a couple of minions. So, shout out to Yahoo has been pretty consistent. I don't know if he got 19 of 19 in the first three waves, but still it feels like he got close too. As as I said, TP is going to be burned. Yahoo still has that on leverage. He's going to be using it now as Caps gets him down low and as the wave neutralizes. Yak's going to be heading up towards top side. I guess he's going towards top side scuttle, but >> yep, that is the walk of shame. You're puffing one way, but then you have to walk all the way to the other one >> as you do. Nice knock into the air. Kana, hang on. Broken blade. He gets grasped. Khan's going to get the W out. And uh yeah, decimating smash. Looking good. Yahoo just TPD in. He gets a stun. That saves his life. If he didn't have that incinerate up, I think Yahoo is dead. >> Yeah, but that's a flash burn from Skum on a VI. So great stuff right there from Yahoo to have the flash. And Yik is looking top. >> Meanwhile, Pathmaker. Yeah, it's already been used. Double dark and daggers. Ker almost died under turret. Yak has to tank it up. Almost dies himself. Everybody lives. >> That was so stressful right there. Broken Blade with very, very minimal mana and HP under the tower. Yik is not even going to attempt a red dive. The tower was ramped up from Kana. And Yike ate the two tower shots. Almost kills him. And now it's Skum looking top. Kana has the flash, but no HP or mana to back it up. >> Kana, I mean, yeah, vault breaker not going to be used as well. Pixel brush timing was not good. And I think Ker was kind of fainting that he was backing away as he's putting the ward down. So push will continue. Skimon not able to get anything done. And top lane will continue on. Kana looking great by the way. I mean uh one thing we didn't get to talk about it's a wet noodle fight but like Scion not getting threatened in the 1 v one. It feels really good considering the fact that yeah the all out might change things but as a Scion you are cheering if you can get these W stacks up and grasp up early as well. My favorite story on the rift hysterics apart from the noodle fight top that you just mentioned is when supports get bored >> right >> and actually start one v oneing each other. It happens a lot. It's an ad carry syndrome where they're left all alone down bot lane to farm for about 20 minutes and then they just expend all the summoners and ultimates to go at each other and then they both leave on one HP and that's it. Uh but they at least had some action in 20 in 20 minutes. Um this is kind of what happened down there as uh Busio attempted to push that wave. Labrov then didn't let him because Karma has really really nice push and uh now Bushu is just shadowing the mid lane. Skimon's going to show up together with Labro. It's a 3v3. >> They might send it. Dark and dagger in the first one. Yikes going to get rooted down. Lro gets damaged down but again calls the pack in goes invulnerable or at least missing. >> It's a scuttle >> from marker of summoners rip all out. It's going to be used counter at half HP but again he's fine. And he went chain vest first and broken blade just walks up trying to get himself a little bit of damage on the turret. Flip back. Kind of cutes out as well. Gets a cannon as dragon's going to be started in the bottom side of the map. You know, when I see that dragon lower third that that picture and picture in the corner, it makes me want to play Skyrim so bad. It makes me like revisit how good Skyrim was when you first like met a dragon. When you first played it, you load it up. You get through the campaign and you see a dragon. You're like, "Oh my god, this is epic." shaking the screen. Everything going on. >> I don't know about a dragon, but this is the level six. We mentioned the ters going down. It didn't do enough damage to Caps to dissuade him from walking into the river. So G2 and KC, they just want to brawl. >> Maybe I'm getting that feeling again. Han Sama gets tag on out. Calling the pack in. Yike brings more dogs, but Han Sama is a threat getting away from that pilt over Peacemaker. Lro steps up and gets a route down onto Kalist. Manavar very low for KC by the way. Caps coming in with a petrifying gaze. Kalista just pressed Q and trying to find it through autos. Lethal tempo and flash away from Labro. Han Summer glitter lance flush away from that KC have ducks in a row man. Yikes got his ulti. He sees Han Sama. And now here comes the reset. An easy double dark and daggers. It's going to connect. A double kill over to Yike and KC wipe G2. >> KC were very confident. They had just used Ters mid lane to chunk down Caps. They've got extra bodies in the river. The extra dogs, the tivers really does cover a lot of room in that river. And look at Yahoo's positioning um in just a bit. He actually gets Skumont super low. It was actually before what we're seeing right now. And Skuman had to bail out the back of the pit. Smite goes down from Yag to give him that level sticks to allow for the dive that we're just going to see onto Han Sama. So all in all, Casey used their extra bodies in the river really well to cover their bases and push G2 out. Also caching a bit of gold from taking some kills with that. >> I mean, I think it's important this the game. We talked a lot about the lanes of G2 and at least especially what mid could be, but especially what bot is, but a kill over the Yinara slows things down. A kill onto Yiken at least two in this case speeds up this jungler to start controlling the rift. KC didn't pick up the dragon that's still sitting there after the fight. But it does feel like again seeing an Afiri ahead early is a recipe for success for KC to get this game rolling. >> Yeah, and we kind of set this up in in draft, right? The Annie is such a huge tool for Nafury. It pretty much gives bot lane access in the river after that level six after you get the terti sorry which actually solidified that Yik gets the scout crab grabs that level six looking mid. >> Decent assist. Yeah, grounded. He is as well. Gets the Incinerate down. Jumping in. Petrifying Gaz gets the slow and there's the kill now. Yike in trouble as well. A vault breaker out as Yike has to flash but Caps gets the flash. Twin Fang. It's two kills for G2 in the mid lane as Kiss sends it with the all in wants to get that ar of ruin. Lay it down. He does indeed find it for Han Summer. Not enough damage yet to get the AD carry of G2. Kiss sends it in, but G2 will live. >> And they just do it again. They just do it again. They literally just lost a fair and square. Four versus four in the river. Hum gets back. Cap, grabs his level six, gets the alt, insta dumps it onto Yahoo over in the mid lane, flashless. Annie, gives two kills over to Caps and the shutdown from Yike Rod. They just completed only 8 minutes in. >> Caps again had a great game one on the Twisted Fate. It was clean and now he's just outplayed the hands of the mid jungle from KC. I'm sure we'll get a replay that in a second, but as you said, Rod of Ages here stacking up caps a,000 gold ahead and all of a sudden that bot lane play mitigated as we watch one more time. >> Yeah, asking you receive right there. The Myasma going down and Yahoo has to use his W super early. Doesn't have the stun. Caps and SK just run them both down. >> 46 gold on Yike as well. That's a nice catch in >> Caps running the region, running the game, running the series. We'll find out as dragon >> from what I can remember. >> Hey, let's go. Listen, it doesn't happen very often. We got to use it while we can. >> Hey, but it will happen again. Don't Don't you worry. Second best region always delivers as Yike is going to get the dragon in the meantime. Blade has a wall there. All out is up and available, but Blade not going to pull the trigger just yet. Top lane, the noodle continues. But >> hey, it is what it is. There's uh attention top lane is going to use the push to now take the grubs while Yik is just clearing out his bot side after picking up the dragon. So small trade here for what it's worth as gold is about 200 ahead for G2. Really nothing but considering the early game play I'd say G2 not in a bad spot considering KC just wiped three off the map in the first 6 minutes as are we doing it again. >> Yiki shadowing right here but I wonder if they're going to consider diving at all. There is barrier and heal and they're looking for it. The al goes in. >> Yeah, call the pack is good. Polymorph as well. Hun summon doesn't get to move. Arlite ruin lays down the bra and yike now pulls in a hounds pursuit. Caps came in. Petrifying gaze finds the jungle but caps is in a 1v4. We were just praising him but caps kind of in with the TP. Yike picks up two more kills and Casey essentially given Uber Eats in the bot lane. >> Again 10 minutes in the game. The TP still pretty darn slow. I feel like Caps thought that Hansam and Labrov would buy more time having the barrier in the heal, but a two kill Nafiri absolutely shreds through their HP bar. They kill them so fast and they lose nothing cuz Yik uses his W to evade the last tower shot which was ramped up from the tower. So even though Casopia lands in and tries to salvage the situation, the H2 bar is just too too damn high for Casey and Yahoo had already responded roaming bot lane. >> That was a good pickup trouble. Well, I mean again, yeah, Cap's tpd right on the mark of like old nefaries here. But yeah, TP's mega slow, so there's nothing he could do once he was there. So, shout out to KC though. I mean, yike is really getting the pace going. He already had cyclord that yeah, now leads him to pickaxe. >> Uh this is a clinical game here as he looks for the invade, but a vault breaker might find him. Yikes going a little bit deep here. He goes in the hounds pursuit to go in vulnerable, but now doesn't have it. Seek assist after the vault breaker. Yike is getting shredded by Schuman. The damage is nuts still. This the power of via one items taken down pretty much solo. >> I will say this game is getting a bit messy. Weird teleports coming through that are slow. Yik invading when his Annie is underneath the tower and bot lane is resetting so he doesn't even have support with him. Uh gets caught in the jungle. Um I guess Yik is feeling very strong, right? Um he's he was a level up I think at that point. He had the extra items in his inventory, so he felt like he could take the one versus one. But with G2, it is never a one versus one. Three members appear from G2, they take him down, they shut him down for the second time in the same game. >> Well, I mean, Yike making mistakes like that again. It's the second time where like, oh, kind of get the mitigated uh mitigation rather, if I can speak, of the play that happened towards bottom lane. Yak now spotted out on a ward by Caps who is an obvious target not having flash but good information gathered. There's also I think it's that deep ward in the top side of the map. We are watching 2v2 down in the bottom lane in the meanwhile. They're trying to draw out Kalist ulti or at least a barrier built over Peacemaker doesn't connect. Ace in the hole held on to by Han Summer as he receives the wave. But yeah, that top side ward that's now going to be taken out on our mini map. Yik spots it out. Takes the control down. But with that information, Schuman knows he's up here and he's just looking in for the 1 v one with caps at his side. >> Here we go again. The junglers Yahoo walking in the >> p the pack going to be used. Eviscerate. No, just the hounds purs and a reset as well on caps maybe thinking about it as well. Petrifying gaze catches him though. It's an easy one as a Cassiopia, but he doesn't have enough damage to stay and call the fight. >> Take what is going on? This is just an ego bubble going on. You went on my raptors. I'll go at your raptors. You didn't have mid lane pryo. I don't have mid lane pryo. Let's just go at it. It's never one v one. It's never nefiri versus by. It's always one team versus another. Yahoo getting caught here. Doesn't have flash. He'll be fine. >> Squid coming. >> Yeah, >> Busio's with him as well. Yeah. So, I don't know. Yeah, junkers are kind of sending it. Yeah, he I think they're all squids at this point. Yeah. Sh. >> He's wearing a squid on his head. >> I know he is, but squid in Australia is something we call someone who's you know, sometimes some people a little bit silly. You know, you call someone a squid. Yeah. In Australia, we used to call people squids all the time. in high school be like, "Are you such a squid?" It's just like sometimes a little bit silly. I mean, there are more harsh words for it, but >> which is which is funny cuz squids are actually clever, but hey, >> are they actually? >> Yeah. >> I should I should eat more of them then. I should actually eat more of them. Good idea. You're You're Greek. You eat squids as well. W Squids. All right. >> Oh, god. No. >> Actually, octopus. Octopus clears. By the way, octopus is if you overcook octopus chewy. If you find good octopus though, you should tell me trouble like that. You octopus can be some of the best meat. No. >> Yep. 100%. But you're not going to find it here in Germany, mate. So, don't get too no. Oh my god. Even sushi here is fried. Like, it's so it's it's rubbish. Um, dragons up by the way. Herald's up and 30. That's a bit of a play as going to get spent up. Call the pack on his head. Wild growth on his head as well. Lov saved. No, the hounds the suit. A reset is given over to Yike who's just clearing aviscerating double dark and daggers. >> Yike is 72 and one now. Hans armor's in the pit by himself. He wants to get out but again calling the pack in. Yike has got himself an entry. He wants to viscerate over the wall. Broken Blade now on the choke. Double dark and dark. Broken Blade has to flash away from it. Decimating smash catches him at the end though. The ulti misses from Connor but it won't matter. Broken Blade is still squishy enough to the four members of KC but Capsy stands in. Petrifying engage does get good damage down as Kana won't walk into his range. But look at Kalist. He's pumping out the damage as well with the Kraken Slayer as KC still find a winning fight. They're 10 to three dragon. It doesn't go down by the way as Kalist gets slowed on down. Broken all on out. Path maker dodged by KZ. We're just getting silly with it, I think. But KC are happy to do so. They keep winning these fights. G2 are just sending it. And every time I think it's getting worse. Feel like Casey are playing so aggressive with Yikes lead that they're confusing G2 and they're forcing them to overextend. At the start of this fight, Labro is way too overextended. Doesn't have flash, doesn't have heal. Super immobile onto the Karma. He's literally playing in the bush in the face of KC while Casante is not there. Backup is not there. Now Hans is caught between a rock and a hard place tanking the dragon which is slowing him. So he can't play there. Schuman dives in to try and save Hans. He's suddenly 1v4 into a seven kill nury and uh Broken Blade and Caps are just left to try and salvage the situation, but trying to outplay KC underneath the tower. And I see it caps is trying he's going above and beyond on this Casio. He's the only one ahead in gold as well, but it's just not very easy when you're 2v5. >> What the hell is happening now? Like what I mean G2 are down 4,000 gold. Shout out to KC. Like every time it's scrappy, Yik must be cheering because now with a black cleaver, he's getting resets. He's getting to pivot on the fight wherever he wants. Kalista has also just been benefiting. The 2v2 of Han Summer and Lro this game has done absolutely nothing. But also, I mean, Skuman's attention hasn't strictly been focused towards bots. Skon on this VI hasn't strictly been really that impactful. >> I don't think he's been anywhere. He's been in Yik's face and Yik has been in his face and it's just been a case of hey, I'm going to fight you. You're going to find me. >> Whoever gets their team here first wins. Um >> I think in terms of it's been a little bit silly, both junglers invading each other. Uh but so far so good for KC because Yik is uh the one collecting all the kills on the Nafury and we really want to reiterate how important getting the Nafury ahead is in the early game cuz everyone's just too squishy in the early and just burns through those HP bars with ease. >> Oh yeah. I mean that Nefiri just has a free ride to a game two win I think at this point unless things slow down here for G2. But with Herold I think that's going to be quite the opposite. K going to stop some backs here. Herald's going to go down. Yik has an angle either in top or mid. But right now, Caps is pushing bot waves. So Casey needs something because gold is being minimalized simply the fact that Han's able to hold this wave even with Ko on the side. Caps is going to find first turret, TP to top, and slither through the lane. He's going to be seen as he goes across river, right? I can't remember if that's how TP works, but like he's now in top lane. Yeah. Who's going to back? and wave pushed in. Yeah, he's just going to get the wave and look for pressure on top. >> He's just looking for more tower plings, right? If you look at the damage distribution on the side of G2 with Caitlyn being 2,000 gold behind, it's just all caps. Two kills in almost stacked road of ages. He's looking for his second item. Yaku's running down. Broken blade and the Avengers are suddenly showing up top side of the map. >> And putting down the Myasma is good, but Cap's going to get stunned on up. They've got a target. Cap's going to flash away into the brush to dodge. A ruin slows him down. Petrifying G only as slow as well and Kalista sends it in. Caps is dead. Next to go might be broken blade as the turret's going to fall with it as well. Look at the Herald the charge. Everyone diving in from KC. G2 are left only with three and one of them is going to stay around mid. Turret's going to drop on down. More gold given to KC. Hans is like, "Don't worry, I'll make the macro play." But again, G2 are getting sloppy and getting caught out. It feels like every play that there's a fight. Yeah, I feel like G2 is one of the best teams that we have in terms of macro and they've been playing fast this game to try and get caps around to salvage the situation, get as many tower plings and towers as he can, but TC is faster because they're stronger. They don't necessarily need the numbers advantage to run them down. You saw Yahoo just literally walked down onto Broken Blade, dumps that Tibers on his head, and just continuously chases him until the rest of KC shows up. So the gold lead right here gives a lot of confidence to KC to actually push these lanes and push their advantages in terms of skirmishes. Now this is going to be the third dragon in about 55 seconds and G2 are still looking for a very important second item on their Caitlyn. Will Hansama have that infinite edge before the dragon? Cuz it doesn't look like it. >> No, I mean I'd be more worried at this point if Kalist has it because he's 625 gold away and I'm pretty sure he might have it with this wave as well. So >> they just him off the cannon. It's >> I mean Kalist is 3,000 gold up by the way. Like dude, this guy is running the fights now. And Yike is just the one dunking down. Here's the TP in. He's going to call in the pack and try and go invulnerable. Now that that's down, we have to question what can Broken Blade do? He teleported in into Ker getting a noxious blast down, but Labra just took a solid chunk. Caps running, but the flash, the ulti into Caps as one manif gets dropped on down only onto one man as well. Season a messy fight from KC. They should be winning this in space, but Yik has to back away. Different angles here as Yahoo was in the river decimating Smash in the meanwhile by the way as kind of flash ultied. The team fights a little bit risky business here as KC is still going to try and steal. >> Yeah, they're going to ret their into this fight. Here it comes. Is looking for the 50/50 this game. He flashes over the wall. Schuman won't follow. Instead, they look for KZ who gets flashed on by Broken Blade. Has to burn his own. Now G2 are looking for the chase down. Skimon and Yike are going to battle it out. Ker goes in. There's a flash. Cease and desist. No, but he has a vault breaker that he will take over the wall. Yike is going to get on out while dragon stacking is stopped. And G2 just clawed back like 2 and a half thousand gold. >> I do not want to hear Broken Blade slander ever freaking again >> cuz his team fight coordination with Caps singlehandedly saved that team fight. I don't know if we're going to rewatch that replay, but that was absolutely flawless coordination between the midtop duo of G2 as a side of the baron right here. Yike is still around. Does have the smite. >> Yeah, but Broken Blade's taking no damage as he zones off G2. Are they going to flip this again? >> He doesn't have ulti and they know it. He doesn't have flash either. They know that too. Root down. Baron in the ground. There's a good stun from Yeah, he has an angle. Tippers does good job as well. Le's trying to get out there. G2 looking to run out of dodge but myasma down. Casey can't even get the kill. Lev use a shield. Tippers is looking for a target but he ain't going to reach all in. I think a mistake as broken blade might be the first target gaze helps climb Jesus from an angle. I don't KNOW WHAT KC ARE DOING BUT from different angles in a frontto back comp. You must be crazy. Boo gets chased down by broken blade and G2 have five baron buffs. KC are throwing this lead in the goddamn waste basket, man. >> Because Kalist was not there. They're chasing a fight without the guy that has majority of the gold in his pocket. That is almost a three item. Yunara and they chase down G2. G2 is so damn tanky. The shields coming through from Karma. Let's rewatch that replay. It's not the replay that I want to rewatch, but let's watch the replay again because you see where Yara is on your mini map right now. G2 is being chased, but they are very tanky. And look how they keep switching positions with who tanks what. Once Caps lets off, Broken Blade takes over. Then Skumod walks up to threaten. The second Yike is too far in, then Skummon also walks up. Then Broken Blade is threatening through the bush. These team fights are absolutely flawless by G2. What are the coms? Kalist went to midwave like that. Yik is diving and Kalist is pushing in midwave. I don't know what's going on. >> Looking for burst. >> Yeah, they set up. They do find Cavs decimating smash. He's just dead. Nice pick. Finally bringing it all together. Setting up Ker in. And now with the ulti, Hansama is also front lining. G2 seem to be throwing it back here as they just enable KC to play the final front to back that we talked about earlier on. Yik has killed three or at least helped. And now that G2 are losing their Baron buff, the game is going to equalize again. >> No, you win. No, you win. No, sir. Hurry, you win. No, sorry, sir. >> You can take it. You catch the ball. >> Look at this. Did you miss LPL? Cuz it's back. >> Oh, this rare Adam Ultra Prime all over again. I can't wait to talk about Holy. >> Yes. >> All right. So, >> wins here. >> They take three members down. However, there is no Baron. There is no dragon. There's no major neutral objective for them to take. They're going to push that bot lane tower uh for themselves. However, they do stall the entirety of G2's baron as Caps is sending it with a deep TP. >> Okay. Omega Laya. If we're talking about LPL, it feels like it, doesn't it? Myma down. Ker is isolated. The rest of the team coming in, but Ker dying quickly. Petron stops his TP. Tried to get out with a cheeky play, but that'll be negated. Remember, Baron still up for two members of G2, but even in the last 10 seconds, it won't be doing much. They take down Kana, but it doesn't actually mean much unless they can convert it into drake pressure. >> Yeah, there's still a minute left. Kana up in about 30 seconds. So, they did commit Caps's TP, so they wanted to get something out of it. You saw he committed also his ultimate to try and get down that can, which they did. A bit more gold in their pockets. Now, this Casperia is slowly heading that third item caps with a 2.5,000 gold lead over Yahoo. And I feel like if you look all over all across the map, I think the game is just dead even. The 1.5k gold lead doesn't really translate into nothing. However, I will pinpoint your eyes somewhere, there is a seeker arm guard in Kalist's inventory. Case knows how important the next fight is going to be most likely over the dragon. Not only does solidify them sole point, but with the extra seekers, it's more of a bait item. You don't really expect it to be onto that Unara. So unless you've spotted it beforehand, it can actually bait you to too deep. >> Let's see. I mean, stepping up the list. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Busio as well. There's good poke damage. Skimon sets up in the Kana. Decimating Smash going to find him on the edge. All in his Yahoo, but it's a oneman Tibers. Meanwhile, Broken Blade with an angle up against the wall. Decimating Smash going to find again. Broken Blade has to get out with a flash of his own. But note that Yahoo burned his flash. Boo burned a heal. I'm looking at summoners here because as G2 approach the dragon looking to start the stop, we might get a fight around this area. But instead, Casey like, "No, we have the inside track on mid. Let's get in." >> I feel like Tibers is your primary setup for a fight. If that doesn't result in somebody getting too low or a kill, uh, Cap knows better than to go in there. He's going to throw his Q and back off. They see KC, but the TPS from Casante very very tanky into five members of KC. >> Yeah, Broken Blade running in, but where's the damage by the way? They need Kalist to start hitting him. And Broken Blade's near full HP. Skimon with CES available looking for a target, but KC are going to run out together at the very least. Y spotted out on an edge of a ward, but G2 going to look for the mid push. Casey getting a little bit more gold for what it's worth. >> And I love how aggressive G2 are playing. They know that they've been losing a lot of the fights that they've played carelessly where they overextended. They keep doing that. They keep playing very aggressive. Also very clever move from Khalissa. Just buy the sneakers right here and just play a little bit more aggressive. Play a bit on the front line. Seems like he's dashing forward. Try to bait G2 to go in too deep to get a big win for Casey. But again, if that TBR does not result in a numbers advantage, it's really hard for Casey to refind their way into a team fight. >> Well, that's why the flash is so important. Yahoo. The cool down is up for a little bit longer here. >> Continue to wait. He does. It's going to close the gap a little bit. But I remember again the problem in this comp is so far if it's a 5v5 caps has shown myasma the zone control. There's a lot in the way for KC to find the perfect angle, the perfect perfect front to back themselves, right? So as Baron comes up in 15 seconds, let's see how they approach. G2 have river. They have top side really to themselves past this river line. Cap's going to step on up. Myasma's down. Look at Yike gets over the wall with an eviscerate. But there's great poke damage from Caps. He is scaled. He's got a Leandre. has got three items himself and the level 16 Cassiopia still has his petrifying gaze. >> The scales have been tipping over on each team throughout this entire game. It's G2 playing aggressively, punished by KC, KC playing aggressively, punished by G2. But none of these teams have let go. They're literally playing on the edge this entire game. Now G2 cosplaying a Fnatic bush right there. Uh broken blade in the mid wave. He's going to get spotted by the ward as well that's been put down by KC. And KC are holding the right side of the map. G2 are holding the left and they're fighting between that mid lane wave to try and get some pressure over in that mid lane which then allows you a lot of access in this river. Look at G2. They're all bundled up in this bush. >> Oh, just went on a trap. >> He's going to hounds pursuit, but he flashes over the wall. Luckily gets on out. I think Yak was dead meat there. That was an insanely good trap from Han Sama, but Yak now no flash. >> There was no vision also placed into that brush. Boo was too far away. G2 going to take some backs now. Labro refreshing his wards. This is the time for KC to take those resets from G2. Walk in, set down some vision for themselves. Fuel safe for the time being. However, reminder top right of your screens. 2 minutes for the next dragon. It's going to be soul point for either team. Very, very important. A soul here like an infernal soul with so much damage coming through from both of these teams could determine the whole game. >> We'll see what items are picked up in that time as well. Thor items here with the stick is unused by Kalist uh which you already pointed out. On the other side, Hansama looking to catch up with what looks to be a rapid fire cannon here. Excuse me. As uh capsu needlessly rage large, excuse me as well as he's going to get Yeah. Who's here? Grounded. Tippers comes down. He's got a bit of HP. The problem is do they have enough damage? I don't think they do. He's got flash up on available. He's going to use his time to kill Tippers instead. Caps has a bit of HP and Yahoo only has two and a half items. >> Caps is just healing off the kugs right there. Uh he just got two man ganked. Absolutely no problem. It's the ters. A lot of HP onto this Caspia plus the MR from the merks. The HP coming through from Road of Ages. You've got the extra shield coming through from Seraps as well. So again, this champion, yes, it's a mid lane champion that can diss out a lot of damage over time, but very very tanky. The majority, a majority of G2 is actually very tanky, especially with GA almost completed onto the VI. It makes the targets for Yahoo that much less. Who do you actually ters to try and commit into if you're KC talking about it? Guardian Angel completed for Skum. >> Oh yeah, that's a big pick up here for the jungler. Broken Blade found out, but Pathmaker gets him out. If Kalist dies, I will say though, I feel like this fight could be cooked. I mean I I do think like Han Sama. Yeah, you could say that if he dies maybe there's an impact but Caps needs to be the one to go as front to back here for G2 going to be started off. KD kind of in the way. Yik is looking for an angle. You said it TP over as Caps gets petri but at half HP. There's an angle. Broken blade ran into CL and he's dead. They didn't expect all the damage here from the French AD carry all in but for the house the pursuit. Yikes are going to use it now but Ylide of everyone gets to slow down G2 without their top laner their front line. Ace in the hole going to be used on Yike on the way out as well. He gets low, but at least Casey had five members. >> You asked for Kalist to do damage. He absolutely destroyed Broken Blade. A four item Yunara. And this is going to also be sole point for Casey. They were looking for a fight. Broken Blade overextends. Kalist instantly takes him down. Broken Blade is three levels up on Kalist and still stood no chance. and he's got, you know, heavy armor as well. Looks like he's building a thorn mail third makes sense when he is getting shredded at the time being. And I think more importantly, the fact that as G2 look for a hover here around mid. Oh no, yike yike yike yike yike. Myasma going to be down. Noxious blast, but the rain not there. Comes in with a vault breaker. Season won't be used though. Yike does get out, but G2 this ward and this brush is giving them a bit of life. >> Q1 is going to wrap around once again. looking potentially for anyone from Casey who's going to walk in. GG's going to bait with a baron start and Schuman again is looking at the back of the pick. >> The angle so good. See some decisions use flash by Asthma. Tippers on Cap's head. Petrifying zones off the tipp doing good work but again jungler is down. Cap's going to survive while the stun from Yahoo saves his life or at least gives him space. Kalist also he still has flash but he's gone into ulti at half HP. Baron going to be started by G2. >> Absolutely flawless execution again. Human finds the angle, but Yahoo does have the ters to scout forward. They have no smite. No chance to steal the baron. And yet another very creative way from G2 to try and regain numbers advantage. Skond >> hats off. Honestly, he just circled back around. Didn't give a chance to Yak to react. Instantly Caps flashes over the wall. And again, even though they looked at Caps from KC, it's just too damn tanky. >> I mean, Skumu early game, I felt like he didn't do much. Skum has had a couple of good plays in the last couple of uh fights and all of a sudden I'm like man this guy's uh this guy's playing really well and it does feel like >> good huh >> he is. But I have to say like KC I don't know what's going to happen for the rest of this series but we hold them to a high expectation because this is a top two top three team you know depends on how spring finishes but this game was disgusting. Like come on. This was so free. Yike was snowballing out of control. The bot lane got through the 2v2. All they had to do was group as five and just keep winning Drakes. I'm just putting hands up. I feel like it was so simple. No, >> I'm going to play Devil's Advocate right here. >> He can still change hands. It's changed hands multiple times. Kalist is on five completed items and a seekers as Yak is looking for this for the flank. >> Kana. Oh my god. Wait though, Caitlin damage. You think Scion's tanky. Holy crap. Han Sama's got damage now as Tippus drops to the floor. Turret goes as well and gold is even as Baron is doing some work. >> And look at mid lane. Uh Skummon has been slowly pushing that midline wave as well, which means Casey are going to have to respond. I think Yik is fancing a 1 v one with Skum, but Skummon's out on this one. And G2 uh Skum baited two members of KC for that one. And that golden tower is going to fall. >> Yeah, he's going to come on in. He doesn't have flash. Myasma just stones him. What can Annie do? He steps on a trap. He gets one shot. Yahoo. I don't think he's done that much this game, but I feel like this fight is a rendition of Caps is going to use petrifying gaze. Kalist steps on up. He's got his ulti active, I believe, as he's looking to pivot into the fight. This is still not over. Yike is going to call the pursuit in action, but he's slowed down by LeBro. Vault breaker out and G2's baron push stops right there with an inhibitor turret taken down. >> All right, Salvad the play on the baron right here. However, Yay can still wrap around. Look at Caps again getting very, very damn creative. Yank has nowhere to go but towards the bottom of the map, but he's going to also be very cautious. I mean, it has been G2 members all over his jungle inside any bush. So, he doesn't want to take any chances right here. Did you overextend a little bit over the tops of the map still have their baron for another 30 seconds to just push out those waves because in about a minute's time, this is going to be soul for KC if they do manage to secure the last dragon that they need for that soul. And more items are starting to run in. We have now a completed hourglass for uh Kalist but also a completed hourglass for caps who has been playing very aggressively over pushing in this fight in the front line and has no flash for that potential next fight. >> I feel like if there's a good fight for KC is you know the potential is still there maybe towards this dragon soul for them. It relies on Kalis getting up time but it relies on Yahoo hitting a flash multi tippers. The only problem is I see a quarter of the cool down left remaining and I see that dragon timer on 40 seconds. Casey I think need to stall. I think they need to stall for Yahoo to get his flash up and then just pull the trigger for a play like this. They've got cut off vision trouble and I just want to see them use the Annie. Well, even here without flash surely this is the moment. >> Yeah, but look at who's guarding broken blade playing as close to that bush as possible. Yahoo wrapping around Hanama to far forward >> getting smashed. Tus comes through. Han Sama gets cleansed out immediately and he just dies. I mean maybe I was too high on the man. Kiss going to go golden using that zross but he's dead coming out. Petrifying Gaz gets the remnants of Kana and Casey just walk in to the mid lane to end it quicker. >> It felt like had a target and they just didn't count the fact that cleanse was up. TP in and G2 are going to take a criminal game and a series to two and zero. I mean, honestly, hats off again to Caps and Broken Blade. Their team fighting has been absolutely stellar, pulling G2 out of an early game deep deficit. And oh my god, we might get the repeat from Madrid. >> Maybe we will. It's a two-0 already. Match point for EWC. qualifications for G2 as they
