Title: Itemization Guide for Briar in League of Legends Season 15!
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=950oc7ELyV8

Content:
Are we living creatures? This is your Brier itemization guide. The most important thing to realize is even if you don't play Brier, she builds crit, bruiser, AP, on hit, every single thing. So even if you don't play Brier, you can learn something about itemization. Let's go. Little note before we get into the video is this will be a long stream of consciousness where I try and as fast as possible teach you everything that I know about Briizization. But it will take a little bit of you understanding the context and hearing me out. So the first thing, the first bubble is early recalls. Now, this is where 99% of you mess up is because you don't understand kind of the stats that you need to value. Uh, two of her best stats is flat ID and flat health. So, if you ever have a recall of like 750 gold, just picking up long sword and ruby crystal is insane. Now, let me actually pull up this here notepad. I can kind of run you through some circumstances. So, if I had 750 gold or let's type the number. I would do long sword, right? and ruby. But if I had say for example, you know, something more weird. Let's talk about 1050. Right now, this is the under under the assumption that you have cosmic insight. It's one of her best runes. But if you don't, obviously you could just run the numbers for anything 300. So like right here, you could do boots, long sword, ruby, that would be 1,50. But let's assume for this example that you do not have it. You'd probably go something like three long swords, right? What if you had a thousand gold? What would you go then? I would say two long swords and one ruby. And what happens if you have 1150? What would you get? Um, sorry, let me fix this. I would probably get tunneler. And what if I had um let's say one of the more complex ones? What happens if you have 1250? Let's say you're going towards Titanic Hydro, right? So, when you look at Titanic, right, you have 1,200 here, 1150 here, 900 here. Where would you go? Now, some of you might think that you figured it out and then you go giant belt and long sword. That would be pretty terrible. I'm not going to lie. It is an option. Pretty terrible one. I would probably go something like tunneler and pinkword, something like that. Um, one of the hardest parts is you have to match up your early recalls with your game plan. So, for example, if I had, let's say I have 1,300 gold, it depends on my game plan what I should buy. So, for this exact example, if I had 12, if I have 1300 gold, 1,200 of that is going towards TMAT if I am going to farm. So let's say I did a full clear. I ganked bot. I got 1,200 gold. I recall and I had 1300 from that. It is believable that my next play could be to full clear top down again and take another gank bot on their weak lane in which Tiamat would clear faster to where both junglers were pathing top down. The Tmat actually killing camps faster is a better recall to force that game plan. But in the same scenario, if I thought, hey, I recall with 1300, their jungler could be contesting my second, you know, my second full clear, my first rotation of camps. I would probably go tunneler and pink word, and just take the money loss that is going um what is this 1225? So, you really have to understand that you could be griefing yourself a ton because you refuse to think a little bit more in depth about your purchases and what your plan is. These things have to match up. I get this question so much and it really needs to be addressed. So, uh this is definitely a very important one to understand. Uh but I think I think you get it. So yeah, you just keep kind of running the numbers, but you have to understand Brier, especially Bruiser Brier, does always need a little bit of health and a little bit of damage to help her get off the ground if if you want to put it that way. Um, some other weird recalls are like item dependent where like if I have something like um let's take Bork for example. If I have like 1525, then I think pickaxe and recurve are really good. Um, so if you take this because if you look at Borc as a whole here, right, bor cost 3,200 for 40 AD, but you can get 25 of that AD for 875. So in terms of like getting the damage portion of this item, just buying pickaxe, you're almost there. So vampir scepter costs 900 gold. pickaxe cost 875. So this is again matching with your game plan. If you are playing lane brier, for example, and you want to scale up and farm, vampirceptor would be better because you' get the free life steal and you'd be able to scale. Whereas they're winning lane or you're playing jungle for bork, pickaxe is better. Jungle brier should almost never be buying vampce. You should be buying this into recur. So, pickaxe into recurve into long sword and then hopefully completing the item here because buying life steal as brier is such a fake stat without the full item of bor being there to support it. So, definitely good to know. And again, for my titanic enjoyers, you should be going tiat or tunneler via whichever plan you have. Um, Giants Belt is better to get over double ruby crystal if you have the option to. So, there will be times where like maybe you have something like Tiamat and Ruby. So, then you have the option for a 750 tunneler or 500 gold towards giant spell. Giant spell is 350 health. Two ruby crystals is 300. So, for 100 gold you get 50 health. uh that is worth more you know uh relative cost to value to go uh giants felt over double ruby. So keep that in mind. Again, Titanic is an easy one to understand the purchase. You buy which one which of the damage ones that fits your game plan and then you just fill out the rest like nothing. One of the biggest tips for itemization too is if you're a Bork enjoyer, um this doesn't come with health and like I said, Brier needs health to function. So sometimes like if your money's weird where like you buy all of your components here but you don't have the full recipe amount to just pick up a ruby crystal because you're building it into your next item most of the time anyway and it enables your gameplay so hard. So definitely keep that in mind. But um yeah, mostly just long sword's one of your best ruby crystal enables your game plan. Recurve and pickaxe are mostly for Bourc. If you are a um Eclipse enjoyer, Eclipse is a very interesting build path where Cfield sucks to purchase because it's 20 AD and 10 ability haste. We can get 20 AD for 700 gold, buy something else. So, when you're playing for Eclipse, I think it's way better to go pickaxe into triple long sword and then finish out recipe because the ability haste is kind of fake. Um, the thing that sells Eclipse hard is that it is a flat 60 AD, which is ahead of the curve for a lot of builds. But again, you could always change these numbers a little bit, right? Make this 1050 into, you know, ruby long sword boots. You can take tunneler, for example, ruby long sword boots. I think it's better to get one full component before boots. So, if I had tunneler gold and didn't have free boot run, I wouldn't buy boots till my second recall. Um, Brier really doesn't have movement speed issues, especially early game like that because movement speeds are so low and her W's likely more than enough. So, there's our early recall section. Let's move on to core items. So, how we're going to do is I'm going to hit you with the core builds, kind of explain the differences, and then give you your options later on. So we will start with bruiser core items. So Eclipse is an awesome item if you understand it. A lot of you misunderstand it. So what does it do? It's 60 AD 15 ability haste hitting a champion with two separate abilities. So anything does Q auto anything grants you a shield and does damage. That's good. It is a pretty lackluster one item to one item comparison. What you have to understand is the money, excuse me, that you are not spending on Eclipse is putting you closer to your second item. That's why this build exists. The idea is that you get Eclipse so fast with an easy uh purchasable route, right? Very easy things to buy here. You get this item and then you're that much closer to your next item. And with this this item's raw damage, you are in a position where you can get this item really fast through snowballing, go right to your second item. And what the build tries to do is abuse random effects more than enemy team does. So if you're playing Eclipse Thunder sky, you are playing to abuse your random effects. So right here on a 6second cool down every time that you hit literally any two things you're going to blast them for damage get a shield sun sky every 8 seconds you're going the first person that you hit you're going to crit and heal off of and you can do that again. So these items pair for this age-old brier build because their cooldowns are so similar where you are able to do this thing of, you know, I hop in to a fight, right? I WQ auto W2 and then I e them away. I don't want to take a long extended fight with this because I just got my two random effects and I want to just do that again in 8 seconds. And this build goes 25 ability haste off the jump and legend of leg legend haste the rune. So you end up with such short cooldowns that you just want to just poke someone out really hard every 8 seconds. Boom big damage. Boom big damage. That's kind of the tough thing for Brier players to understand is that there's other ways to play her other than just Wing forward and fighting. You can play this item spamming 8-second timer short trade. Now, it is worth noting. So, the boots are indicative of a build swap. Um, so right here, Eclipse Titanic also exists. Um, Eclipse Titanic is made to abuse um, Halo Blades. Halo Blades interaction with Titanic basically gives you a ton of free autos. You can get like five autos in like one second. It's super super strong for auto attack base burst. Um, you can go any runes with this. This specific setup likes Hail of Blades the most, but you can go any runes with any of these iterations. So, this plays to abuse Halo Blades or just be a really fast damage auto attack reset champion. Again, this wants to play on its um on its cooldowns a lot better. And Eclipse Black Cleaver likes to play for high cooldown reduction. Again, this is a higher CDR variant or ability haste where again, legend haste is going to put you another 15 and you're going to be at 50 ability haste. pretty tanky overall and you're just spamming spells in a bruiser aspect. It's like you have flicker blades for example. So that's eclipse under sky and the rest um the rest again will be the options tab that we'll go over later. So right here you have titanic black cleaver the best brier build flat out. It is what it is. Accept it or not it is the best. What it does better than other things is it does a short burst better and tankier. So maybe Eclipse Titanic does a little bit more damage in the fast burst than Titanic by Cleaver does, but Titanic is vastly far and wide way tankier. And Titanic Hydra is just such a good one item spike in comparison to Eclipse. But again, Eclipse 2933, you should have Eclipse Ruby Crystal and that would be a better comparison. So um again, just one of the goats of Brier. you get so many auto attacks going. Titanic helps with Brier's game plan because people get away sometimes or someone starts blocking you and Titanic allows you to do more damage overall to different targets. Auto attack resets are OP. Build path is great. It builds out of everything she wants. It gives her options. Um, and again, if Brier deals any auto or ability damage, that'll pl that'll apply or proc her bleed. And well, read how black cleaver works. Dealing physical damage to a champion is reduced their armor for 6% by 6% for six seconds every bleed tick. Boom. 6 12 18 24 30% maxed armor shred on that target. So your team can also deal more damage just because you dealt damage to them. That's what makes black cleaver so good. Now you also have the variants of this where this is called squishy killer build. Um, Titanic is better at killing squishies than Borc is because Bourc tries to Blade of the Rune King tries to do max or enemies current health damage. Meaning that the higher max health they have, the more damage this will do. Well, Titanic just resets your auto attack. And when you have 200 AD, every auto attack to a,200 health target is effectively death. So, this plays to just have a ton of raw AD, do a ton of damage with the crit and the auto attack reset while also being a pretty decent health tank. Um, this is squishy killer build. It's really good. It only lacks in like team utility. Again, you're not denying armor or you're not um apparently abusing ability haste and the movement speed that Black Cleaver does. So, it can be tough. And then you have Titanic Bork, which is likely the worst out of all of them. Let me turn the music down just a little bit. Um, Titanic Bork is kind of overkill on the killing enemies job. It is very good. it just often feels like it falls flat where like if they're going Titanic most of the time you want to go this health bruiser build and Titanic into Borc feels more like a lane brier thing where like you have an insured 1v one like this a really good 1v one build but in terms of like team fighting 3v3ing in jungle 4v4ing you're going to kind of fall flat on the like you can't always be auto attacking and abusing your two item power spike over if I was just tanky enough to stand in front of team. That makes sense. So, I definitely like this one the least. Um, Titanic Black Cleaver is one of the goats is what it is. This is Bork Black Cleaver. This is what I recommend low ELO players play because when you play in challenger, the amount of times that someone messes up is low, right? And the amount of time that they will be in that compromised position is also low. people will realize they mess up and then get out of that spot. Titanic gives you faster and higher burst than Bourc does, but Bourc gives you more consistent damage if you can just hit W and whack on somebody. So, the idea is that if you go Bork Black Cleaver, you will be completely fine to hit W, shred their armor, shred their health, and then W2 does the rest of the work. That's good. But this one falls a little flat on the tankiness where you have to spend 3,200 gold without a tank stat, you have all damage stats. So if you are ever the front line of a fight before you get ruby crystals, you have definitely died. And that's where it gets tough to play. That is exactly why the like the age-old argument is Borer Titanic. It's like Bour does more damage, Logan. True, but um in challenger, you're not playing Brier to get 10 autos on a W. It's not going to happen. You will find an AD carry in a random spot one time for one second, flash on him, do as much damage as possible, and then let the team fight begin. And then you also have uh drain tank brier. This is blade of the ruin cake plus hunter sky. This one tries to drain tank, which is dealing so much damage to them that you're draining their health while also double healing item to refill yours. Solid skirmishbased build if you like blade of the Rone King. And you get to buy double ruby crystal like we talked about for um prior to work out with a full damage first item. You have bruiser up next. Uttow bruiser is less about options than these in comparison. These are two items cores. This is a three item core where Yel gets you a burst of attack speed and does a ton of damage. And then you have following up. You have black cleaver if you want to get tanky on second item or you can swap it to going bork and then you're just a 1v one machine. The attack speed helps proc for blade of the ruin king and a ton of AD and crit. All very good. This is a three item core that I mean it it is very good. is very high damage, but you have to know your limits because if you try and front line on these two damage items, you will fall flat. Following this, again, the boots are the indicator that the core item is gone. Again, when you pick a build, you're picking to do the core and then everything after the boots or core item is situational. You need to understand that. So, again, that stance, if I needed armor while playing this build, I would build that stance. And if I needed magic resist, I'd build spear V. and then Titanic if I wanted more flatout damage because another auto attack on this build is good now let's talk bruiser options so again options are everything after the boots right so if I'm Eclipse black cleaver eclipse Titanic Eclipse of Sky Titanic black cleaver boots and then I look at my options now your options you need to be really well thought out. And you have to understand that each one does a different thing. And that's where a lot of you again fall a little flat is you haven't just experimented enough and you don't kind of realize that there's other ways to accomplish the same job. But that's what this video is for. So ser is pretty obvious. Damaging an enemy champion reduces shields they gain by a percentage for 3 seconds. If they're not already affected by it, reduce shields that they will get. So, this item can be a problem because again, it's zero tank stats. Okay? And that's again, Brier needs to be tanky if you're playing bruiser because you're planning to be front line. And sure, when you're frontline Brier and you're hitting their front line, Titanic will deal damage behind you, behind the target, serpents will apply to them. That's good. It is also slightly conditional. Um, overall, if you're the only person that can apply Serpent's Fang, uh, Shield Reaver efficiently, then you have to get it. Generally speaking, you want someone else to do this. You want someone else to be hitting the priority target and then you flash on to them. But sometimes this will be your job. Just depends on the champion on your team. Um, you know, someone like Talon can apply it very easy because he all the blades go out and he hits the target and he W's, right? It's huge. Sterox gauge is quite literally just a tenacity option. It the lifeline is really awesome. It's an extra huge shield. It's a ton of health which scales with your Titanic. Titanic passive also scales off of how much health that you have to give you more damage. This is just a generic and it gives you bonus armor by the way. Um it's just the bane of the existence of supports or maybe low CC teams. Maybe that's a better way to say it. um because of the tenacity. The shield is awesome. You get an extra shield, life is good. You drop low health, you can hit a huge E, life is good. Health, awesome stat. AD, awesome stat. But it's the tenacity that sells this item. You buy this for tenacity when you need your boots to be something like blade steel caps, otherwise known as ninja tabies. It's old name. Because this will be your armor or your AD option. And the other boot that Brier loves best, Merk treads. Merk treads give tenacity, move speed, magist. So the idea is that if you have to buy blade steel caps, then you'll buy sterox for tenacity. Now CC doesn't do much. A lot of you ask, how do you deal with CC? How do you deal with CC? Sometimes going merch treads into sterox is really good or steel caps to not take as much damage while you're stunned and then picking up sterox gauge is really good. Uh Bissle Mask is a very real brier item. It doesn't give you flatout damage. Gives you health, magic resist, and ability haste. But nearby enemy champions take 12% more magic damage. Well, one Brier has magic damage in her kit with ENR. Um, which is awesome, but it's mostly when you have a mage on your team, maybe two mages on your team. You pick this up, enemy team might have a mage. Okay, so now you're reducing enemy team's damage and increasing your mage's damage. That's when you have like, you know, Hui bot lane and he's um snowballing really hard. This is an awesome pickup. Outside of it, if you just need generic magic resist, spirit massage heals and shields on you are increased by 25%. Heals your whole kit. Sterox gauge, a shield that you control also increased by 25%. This is 50 magic resist, ability haste, and 400 health for 2,700. one of the cheapest, most efficient magic resist items in the game and especially efficient on brier. If you are going maul over spirit v, you better have a good reason for it because spirit v is the goat of brier items flat out. So again, when would you go abyssal? You have a fed AP. They enemy team has a fed AP. You're trying to reduce their damage and increase yours. You have spear massage outside of that constraint where you're not trying to play for your mage. you're just trying to play for more healing, more shielding, and more magic resist. And then Maul is the highest damage, magic resist option, okay? Because it's the only one that actually flat out gives you damage, which is cool, but it comes at the cost of it only gives you a magic damage shield where this is a this is called a lifeline. So, if you look at the uh right here, right, it says lifeline. This is also a lifeline. So, you can't buy both of these. You can only buy one. So, you have to think about it because if I buy sterox gauge into spirit massage, sterox gauge just went up 25% on the shield. Okay. Um, and it applies just a regular shield. So, that blocks physical and magic damage. If I buy Maul, it's just magic damage that I got a shield for. So, Maul can pop off a random magic damage spell from an AD champion. Then you have this magic damage shield and that AD champion's still hitting you and that shield did nothing. So that's why I say be very weary of this because it's 400 gold more. It gives 40 magic resist. This gives 50 increases your healing and gives you health which if you're building titanic also gives you a little bit of damage. So be very careful. These are your magic resist options and spear V clears them. But as you can see there's times to build the other ones. Now let's talk about the wonkier damage items. Overlords should not really be built second. I think second is still way too early for this item. What it does, it takes your health and turns it into AD, which can be awesome. And the lower health that you go, the more AD that you get. It's an awesome item. It's 3,300, which can be tough. But if you do get this item, you become very Olafy, where the lower health you get, the more of a menace you become. And it's it's an awesome item. It's just not part of a core um as much as you might think. There will be times where you could pick up an overlord second, especially with Titanic first, but that would take a really specific game. More times than not, you want the core into the third item, which would be this. Unending Despair did get nerfed a little bit. You have to play this with really big intention. The idea is that every 4 seconds when you're in combat with champions, it'll zap and then heal you for some of the damage. Um, you have to be weird about Brier and super long fights because you want fights to be over quick and building a tank item won't end fights quick and the healing really isn't that much. There are often times where it's good like jack of all trades or drain tank builds where you want a cheap but efficient tank item. Overall, if you're not playing a specific build that utilizes unending farewell, you probably had better options. Experimental hex blade is a fan favorite because it gives you ultimate ability haste. You get to kick the thing, fly to them, and when after you fly to them, you get this buff that says, "Hey, I get 30% attack speed and 15% move speed for 8 seconds." I'm going to keep it a buck. Like, when I hit someone with Brier Rar, I'm not like, "Wow, I wish this did more. I have so much adrenaline pumping. I know I'm about to crank this person in non-existence. I don't need more stats. I feel quite strong enough when I have Briar Rar is what it is. Um, Titanic's in here because you can splash Titanic into any build as an auto attack reset and it's a very very crazy good option. It can be tough if you don't build it early on. Like the thing about first item is you can get so greedy with first items because no one's on one item because when items are completed, you get their extra benefit, right? like like tunneler in Tiamat versus full Titanic is a way different world to where if you're not building this first it becomes tough to buy sometimes because it costs so much. Bork is a splashable item. You can put it on any other build, especially in a game that you're auto attacking a ton. But you only really build Borc as a second, third, fourth, and fifth item when you need to kill tanks and that's your job. Oftentimes, people misunderstand Briar's job isn't always killing the tank. It's just standing in front of them, dealing my good damage, and then just Eing while my team hits them. So, do you have a hyper carry or an AD carry that's playing really well in your team? It's not your job to kill the tanks. It's your job to stand in front of the AD carry. So, but if you have a bad AD carry, you need to kill the tanks. There you go. Jack Show is an item that after 5 seconds in champion combat, your armor and MR get increased by 30% till the end of it. It gives tons of armor and MR and health. full tank items on Brier are just so at best. Um, when Brier loses her threat to kill you flat out, that's when you're kind of in the worst position possible. So, this one falls a little short for me outside of attack speed cap where that one does need the resistances. You have Randin Omen. This item is a flatout just counter to critical strikes. It has a button that you can click to slow enemies around you for 70% which is actually pretty nice. Tons of health, tons of armor. You only buy this against like two hard abusing critical strike users or three which I actually mostly do it against like two like three. Um like they vain top and AD carry and Yasua mid. That would be like a prime prime random uh game. It's worth knowing that shadow flame damage does get blocked by randwoods and um sundered sky on a bruiser that counts as a critical strike. So you can keep it in mind, but usually you you don't buy this for like one crit user most of the time. Death Dance is your armor item. This is number one outside of plated steel caps. This is your second best armor item. It flat out ignores physical and magic damage and then makes you take some of that burst, a chunk portion of that as a dot. So, let's say I take um let's say I take a,000 damage. It's going to take 300 of that, make that a damage over time effect. I'm going to take 700. But if I get a kill right as I take that thousand, then it's going to completely wipe the last 300 300 damage off that. So, the idea is that this item is made to fight against physical damage, but it also works really well against magic damage, too. It doesn't resist it, but it, you know, you can cleanse it, which effectively tanks in a different way. Comes with a huge AD bump. Uh, really great stats. You mostly just need to get this third against AD teams. Guardian Angel is your last item, every game, every build, no matter what. when it's down, sell it for zonas or a better build specific item. Dead man's plate is a really good movement speed option. It does decent damage with um shipwrecker. It's passive and decent stats. It's pretty cheap. Not a bad overall armor item, but you know, this is your armor item for crit. This is your armor item in general. This is your armor item at the end of the game. So, it kind of just like doesn't really have an identity compared to the other ones, but it's still really good. Now, we're getting into lethality. So, lethality, when you're playing lethality brier, the difference between lethality and crit is lethality is a an assassin for one one person, one target. I want to slide into a fight. I want to kill the main priority and I want to get out. That's what lethality tries to do. crit tries to wait for the perfect opportunity. Enemy team used all of their CC, all of the things that interact with me. I hit my W key and I blast for multi-kills. That's the difference. A lot of you are like, wow, I I'm not playing well with crit now. What changed? And it's like, well, you're picking to play crit in a high CC lobby that also like they have champions that buy time and you can't really multi-kill, so you'll run out of options with it. Whereas like had you played lethality, you killed the one person that you needed to kill and got out. That could be pretty good. And it does that through the fact of uh or through the cause rather of these movement speedbased options and collector which crit does have the option to do but differently. So if you're someone that's playing lethality brier, you should be running one of these four items no matter what. No questions asked. You main rushing yumus when you like to get really active in game. It gives you a ton of movement speed and there's the most fighting at the start of the game. So you getting this item really fast, running to ping ponging, running to lanes, picking up kills will help get you to the next item. It's also really cheap to get you to the next item. Hubris is for a scaling lethality player um where you buy hubris and now every kill gets you some more AD and then you become this menace. First item, Collector, is to instantly start using collector's passive. One, it starts paying for itself. Champion kills grant 25 extra gold. So, it can start becoming cheaper than Yumus after eight kills. So, it's worth noting that like this item starts paying for your other items, and that's good. That's why it comes with a lower AD and lethality threshold than other items. But your damage executes champions that are below 5% health. That means bleed now becomes an actual lethal part of her kit. And it's one of the best feeling items in the game. It's super sweet. Um, Profane Hydra. Again, it comes with a price tag. 3200, 60 AD, 18 lethality, 10 ability haste, and you get a damage button. You get a button that you can click. You get TMAT for clear speed. And now you have this extra thing that you can be doing in times where like if you're playing lethality and you hop into a fight with WQ, hail of blades, boom, boom, boom. If you run out of damage right there, profane W2, pray for collector following. It adds so much to your gameplay. It's definitely my favorite. I think profane into collector is my favorite. Um, it's just flat out. But I've been known to do something like hubris profane into collector. That is so such a sweet three item combo. I think yumus is most definitely the weakest variation. But people make it work really well. It's worth respecting. And then here are your options with lethality. It's pretty straightforward. Um there's only one other constraint I could give you. So let's say you rush one of these. Your second item should be one of these. So if I went hubris into collector into edge of knight surely guardian angel that's really good um that's a really good first build but you can play the high movement speed variation where like you slide you moves into opportunity and now you're just running across the map doing a ton of you know hit and run type gameplay. So, umbrella is in a it's okay. It's really cheap, but you do extra damage to ward. So, how it takes you three autos, auto Q auto to kill a ward, umbrella just makes you one tap it. It's really strong. It's tough to slot because of so many other items doing crazy absurd things that just killing wards. It's like, eh, opportunity gives you a ton of lethality and then once you start a fight, it'll drop off after 3 seconds. And but after you get a kill, this most important part. After you get a kill, you get a ton of movement speed that decays for 1.5 seconds. So you do the hit and run. Yumu's in. Boom. Slam. Done. Yumus's Yumu's in. Opportunity out. And it's like you're never there. So these work really well together and they're very cheap. Collector, the goat of brier, lethality, and crit. Edge of Knight is basically just a lower damage but pretty decent damage. It comes with health which is really good but it gives you a spell shield and that's for things that like like hitting right if you fly in you hit with ultimate he's going to fear you immediately. Edge Knight counters that. So that's what makes lethality better at killing one target is this spell shield is actually so much more than you think and it and it really applies to every lethality game in such a positive way. Serald's Grudge is higher armor pen percentage comparison to um where is it at? We'll find it. Um it's a higher armor pen I think than Mortal Reminder. Let me check. Oh no, it's the same. So it's just a really good armor pen option. The more armor that they get, it's pretty good. I think it actually has the highest AD though. So 45 AD, 35, and 35. So you get a lot of flat AD, but 10 is kind of negligible. Its armor pen is equal to, but not LDR. And ability haste is a sweet uh lethality option because again, you need to hit and run, you know, slide through, kill one, slide through, kill another, and reset. So on your damaging abilities slow enemies below 50% by 30% slow for one second. So people don't get away from you anymore. And likely if they're slowed at 30%, one more auto is going to put him into collector percent. So it is a solid armor pen option for lethality and gives you a little bit more utility which is good. Cycllo sword is a one item 55 AD, 18 lethality, very high damage. Its build path is kind of eh. Um pickaxe is good, long swords are good, but then buying brutalizer in a 900 gold recipe can kind of suck. Uh, what this does is your your first attack will slow someone for 80% I think or 99% or something for 75. So, the idea is that if you find someone, they're instantly like a free pick for your team because you're going to um WQ, you're going to stun them, your auto will go off. The moment that your stun wears off, that slow is still applying and they're just super slow. Or if you don't have Q up, if you just W towards someone, get the auto attack. It'll slow them down. That'll set you up for your next Q. Very solid option. I've messed around with going this first into collector and it was pretty decent. This is like a kind of tech option against high movement speed champions like Hecarum and Lilia where if you just throw this on to random builds, it becomes like kind of crazy. Um, so it's worth noting that it's like it's decent and it's there. Axiomark, my goat of lethality items. It does insane amount of ability haste, good AD, decent or great lethality. When you kill a champion, it refunds some of your ultimate ability um cool down. And the cool thing about that is like after like a big team fight. If you slide into a team fight, get a kill, two assists, whatever, still all procs your ultimate, your ultimate will refresh and then you can catch the straggler, the the straggler, the fourth person that's trying to run away. And it is sweet. You ult in, boom, slam carry team fight, ult. And it's just such an awesome way to play the game. I absolutely adore this item. And now I have Lord Dom's here because again it does have more armor pen but it comes with crit chance. Now basically what ends up happening is when you're playing LDR it's because you're trying to do something really cheeky that you can do. So let's say you cut the profane. By the way you can throw profane anywhere. It's always really good. So let's say you went hubris into collector and then you're like okay well they're stacking armor. Let me grab an armor pen item. And then you bought this. Now you're at 25% crit chance. Then you can kind of like and you're still ethality. If you snowball hard enough, you can just throw an infinity edge onto this. Now you're at 75% crit chance. You're doing insane damage with the scaling AD item. And you did this weird pivot into Infinity Edge. And it's all based on how much money you have and how what your ability is to actually get, you know, three options of hitting off. It is very important to know that you can do this pivot or you can play something more standard like um I will consistently always kill one like this. So this is consistent. I get a spell shield and I get a slow and then that is I go fat damage crazy. Um a very awesome way to play the game once again. Now we're going to get into crit brier again. And rider plays to simply, and I mean ever so simply, just go crazy. Multi-kill, drop a nuke. By the way, um, lethality is under the assumption that you're going Halo Blades. That is lethality's best rune by far. So, this is the Lethal Tempo version of Crit Strike Brier because you do have Halo Blades, crit bri, and you have Lethal Tempo. Lethal Tempo again, they Oh my god, they have an opening. Bam. I'm starting to auto attack. Go crazy. Yel is your best first item for crit. It's not even close. Um, on top of the fact that you have AD 55, awesome. 35% attack speed, great. And up scaling up to 25% crit chance on one item. Good. Then you go flicker blades because when you're playing crit, you want to go crazy. And basically me being able to spam spells is going to get me more auto attacks and helps me chase down because it's assumable that if I'm going in with crit brier that I'm able to go crazy and I want to not miss out on anything. And this is one of the goats of brier items ever. Um and infinity edge increases your crit strike damage. That's exactly what you're what you want to do. You want to get Infinity Edge at 75% crit or 100, not before it, because it just, you know, it's the icing on the cake, but you need the cake, of course. And then you have the option to go shield bow. This is your I don't want to get bursted item. So, if you hit these four for 100% crit, it's really good. You do need to make sure that you're not going over 100% crit very often. That is very rarely worth it, but sometimes you got to do it. So, in a situation like this, it'd be okay if you're not going. More times than not, I would go something like this, though, because the odds of me actually needing the armor pen when I'm playing crit strike brier is like kind of low sometimes because I'm likely going crit brier because they're low CC and anyone I hit is going to die. So, yeah, this is what it usually ends up looking like. And then your boots, of course. Now, this is Hail of Blades Crit Brier. So, what's the difference? The difference is the two attack speed items where you could go something like this. I'd like this just flat out. Get collector, let collector start paying for itself to buy the BF sword for the infinity edge. The three halo blades, you want the highest damage possible to kill them during that window. So, that's why you go big AD and execute huge AD and boom damage. And again, this is kind of bypassing that 75% because of the fact that you're doing three autos. You're doing W, Q, and then three autos, and then the W2, right? So, you're doing four autos at 50% chance. So, that means you're at worst RNG getting one crit. Um, and it just happens to matter that if you're running Halo Blades with this two item, you can almost kill anyone and playing get one crit and in collector procs. So, this kind of bypassed the rules, but um you don't have to do it this way. Just know that if you're playing Halo of Blades Brier, you want fat AD 247 365. So, you could go something like this. Um it's just the like the problem is that you run out of other options for crit. So, it sometimes feels bad to go infinity edge, but the big AD that you get from buying a BF sword after collector is crazy. It's really worth it. And then your armored pen option, your don't get burst option, your I come back option, and your just in case I want to get crazy with my cooldowns option. All very fine. N'vori flicker blades is that good. You can do that. And then this is your brier build that you can just do anything. Um, you swap out the flicker blade for collector. You can go both first items, yel collector, infinity edge. And this is a really sweet any runes crit brier build where you have an answer to everything. You have five damage slots and you can go boots five damage slots or GA all fine. Um I really I really love this one. Not going to lie. Very good. Basically what happens is um if you have lethal tempo crit brier you're trying to get a ton of autos at six autos you're a demon. This can do that right. You tell gets you there. or your halo blades. There's enough AD to go around for this build. It's awesome. AP Brier I found to be very static. It's one of my favorite builds, but the only real thought you have is Lichbane is your best item by far. It actually outdamages a ton of first items. The problem is that you have to build AP following it, which sucks. Um, Storm Surge and Shadow Flame are doing the same thing, making your E damage bigger. This does it with the squall idea and this one does it with the idea that you can crit. Basically saying that if I have shadow flame lichbane that E you into the wall does a big chunk then you get super low and then my Q and my R will start to um critically strike when you get low. So definitely a solid option but the flatout 110 ability power is what makes it raidons for the biggest E possible. Zonia's ton of AP and it gets you stasis which allows you to get a second E and void staff for your magic pen of course. So if you've seen either one of my attack speed cap videos, I made two of them. Machine gun brier if you will. The idea is that you take lethal tempo, legend elacrity, and attack speed rune and then build these three items and this will get you to 3.00 attack speed at level 9. Um, so the point of it is to max out attack speed and then you can fit whatever else you want because you do have two other item slots and boots. So if you've seen my video, you know I go Titanic first to buy me the time to buy the damage items which also auto attack reset and so on into Jack Show for armor and health and magic resist. And then um, you know, I'm slotted out there. They put Titanic, Jack Show, and Boots here. Um, this, you know, attack speed cap is all about going really big on I can kill any target in a cool way. Um, because you're tanky, but you're also attacking a ton. This is more of like a like someone that like, hey, I really love this build. It's very fun. It also can pivot into bruiser and pivot into damage really well. It's a pretty wide variety build and I've ran it in masters for 10 game win streaks before so I don't think it's a noob stomper build either. Um I this build cranks. It's definitely slept on. And now we've reached the u boots portion. Plaps is the best because you'll always be getting auto attacks in every game of League of Legends because you're brier. You will be standing in front of people. Merk treads are second best because when tenacity is good, it's great. Swifties for extra movement speed. It's mostly just to deny slows because Brier doesn't really need help with move speed, especially with blue smite and so on. Generally speaking though, sweet boot choice. Not bad. Berserkers are okay. 25% attack speed is really easy to not care about, got to be honest. But um sometimes grabbing early daggers is pretty good, but it's there. Symbiotic souls if you're going move speed brier or you just like the empowered recall all that's getting messed with recently so I think this is pretty weak I'm not going to lie I'd probably take it out um these two should be almost 99% of your games and one of the last builds we have is tank brier tank brier tries to get so much health with heart steel and grasp then buy titanic because this item scales with your health very good and then buy overlord's blood mail like we already talked about the lower health I go the more AD I get and turns my health into AD. Spirit Vrage because when I hit E, the extra heals are increased and it's just a huge one button. I went up 1,000 health and then guardian angel boots standard tank. You can swap the GA out for something that counters enemy team like Randins for example. Um, insane way to play top lane. And then you have lastly your um your be very careful items. I think people are purchasing these too much, believe it or not. Um, again, outside of the double dagger, it's not that good. Brier, buying anti-heal sucks because anti-heal items if like so the crites one's good, but you have to be playing crit, which not everyone can do. Chem punk is a very eh item at best. Um, Brier likes more absurd items to carry some weight. If anyone else can buy anti-heal, they should. Not you. Stop doing it. Stop doing it. So many people are wasting my stop doing it. Try to help you. Um, Umbreal Glaive. Again, it's not really your job to be like hitting wards for a ton of damage. Like you you already have auto Q auto and auto Q, auto titanic for wards, so you don't really need that much help, but it is an option. It's definitely better for support Brier. Phantom Dancer gives the most attack speed out of the, you know, attack speed crit items. Um the movement speed's good and ghost is really good, but um overall like too much attack speed. You already get like 95% for W. Who really cares about having more? Like you you want to be doing other things with your fast attacks like um lowering your cooldowns and so on. Sunpire, you know, it gives you a radiating damage, little bit of health, good armor, just doesn't really suit the Brier game plan. Force of nature can be decent, gaining 70 magic resist when you've been struck by magic damage eight times. Um, certain team comps proc this well to make this a good purchase. A lot of people are buying them against teams that won't ever hit them eight times with magic damage. So, eh, people are buying it too much. If you're playing Dark Seal Rush, this is a solid option, but I don't know. People mean buy this a little bit too much. Have Have your fun. Do your thing. Iceorn is okay. Buying a tank item again to do a little bit more damage. Like, like slowing people is cool, but Brier sticks to target so easily if you play well that you don't really need to slow people down. It can be a nice cherry on top sometimes against certain comps, but it's okay. Tank items are weird. Murial. Um, so you get QSS, Quicksilver Sash, which is remove all crowd control debuffs on you except for airboid. So you get a one button cleanse, but it comes on like a terribly stated item of 40 attack damage, 40 MR, 10% life steal. Um, so you have to buy this with a real intention that their team has one spell that's going to stop your game plan. Buy it then and which most of the time you actually just sit on quicksilver sash which is the one button 30 MR uh crowd control remover and then just buy your other items. People are finishing this way too early. Finish your other items. Nashers people like onhit items. AP works very well for Brier and attack speed does. item just turned out to be pretty mid, like very mid, not gonna lie. Bloodletter's curse is an AP tank item, and dealing magic damage with abilities or passive champions reduce their magic resist just like Black Cleaver does. Uh, your ability to deal magic damage with abilities or passives is basically all like you hit a R into an E into a Q to reduce the RMR. But basically the idea is that if you're stacking this ability this item with your abilities then you're not dealing damage with them. So it's kind of dog wits end sucks. No I'm kidding. It's it sucks. 20% attack speed or tenacity. It's like why not just go um sterox? And if you can't go sterox why not just go merch treads? Attack speed falls pretty flat on Brier because you need AD to really do damage. She's not getting so many autos. Um, and your windows to auto summon are during W and it's not like like you're not gaining so many autos by just buying this item. So, it's okay. It's a really cheap magic resist and tenacity item. Um, again, you got to be careful when you buy this. And we've already talked about cheap chemunk, but there you go. That's mostly your brier itemization where again, it just comes down to your runes. I think it's important to give you a little tidbit. Like the way that it works for runes is lethal tempo. Really strong after six autos, right? Because you need to stack it up. So no matter what you buy, you have to realize that your strength comes from after six autos. I am a I'm a bomb. Cool. But it's conditional. You need to be able to hit six autos. PTA W auto Q or Q auto W2. It is basically not conditional because you'll do that every single game 100%. Um, least conditional big damage burst and can play short trades. Not bad. Conqueror least damage need to do six iterations of damage. So W auto Q auto Titanic WB2, right? Like you can stack it. Um but comes with a heal. So basically the idea with these is like you go conqueror if you just want more healing. It it'll give you decent damage, but you only go conqueror when you feel like, dang, this build just needs a little bit of health. Boom, done. PTA is a nonconditional damage buff. Lethal Tempo is strongest after six auto. So enemy team needs to have low CC or you need to be so tanky that you can auto through it regardless. A lot of people are going lethal tempo against high CC enemy teams in which like hey man good luck if you make it work make it work. Lethal tempo is also best with bor so keep that in mind. But like if you're going bor cleaver with lethal tempo against a no CC team you likely take over that game. Um, Grasp is best top lane, right? Where you're just playing tanky or you're just trying to heal up a little bit more. Um, so let's save this real quick. I'm running through some runes to help you out. Um, Dark Harvest helps you like execute champions a little bit more. Electrocute gives you a little bit more damage like you know for short burst but like likely um lethality would like hail blades the most just because three autos is like super fast and sweet and most of the time does more you did these you can go fleet and bad um melee melee or melee or ranged matchups just basically lane brier likes this for bad matchups um sorcerer tree is pretty dead phase rush is pretty good into champs like thresh and so on but usually brier likes just more damage flat out. We're like, it's a cool option. It doesn't really exist. These suck. Um, those are my notes. You're welcome. Comet doesn't exist. First strike is not a cook. It's not the cook you think it is. You're not getting enough money for it to matter unless you're playing money maker brier. Unsealed spellbook. Can't wait for this to be taken out of the game. Glacial augment is sweet for AP Brier. Um, aftershock is actually decent where like if you hit Q on support Brier or any Brier, like if you accept the damage loss, but you play well on the tankiness increase, it's actually pretty sweet. Not that good, but it's definitely a solid option or a decent option. Guardian sucks. Your team doesn't exist. And there you go. There's your runes run down. Last one I can really tell you is like um Legend Haste is it is it is preference. Legend haste is better. You having E up more and cool downs is better than the increase of one auto possible flat out. Um, haste is better. That's it. But you have to play around haste for it to matter. Whereas elacrity, you just let it go and I do damage, right? So, um, it depends. It's up to you. But overall, there's your Brier itemization guide. Thank you so much. And I'm trying this. YouTube has like their thumbs up thing will like uh glow. Don't forget to like and subscribe. Did it do the thing? I'm actually going to be checking. So, thank you so much. Have a good one. It's
