Title: 3 Minute Jayce Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CENhUc7sFlE

Content:
Why play Jace jungle? Well, he brings massive damage. He has very long-range poke. He is a beast in the mid game and he can snowball games incredibly hard. However, he doesn't bring great CC and he is on the squishier side for a champion that likes jumping in. Jay's passive is that he starts with his ultimate which changes him between mele form and ranged form. And when he changes, he gains a chunk of movement speed. When changing to mele form, he gains bonus armor and magic resist, and his next attack deals bonus damage. When changing to ranged form, his next attack reduces the target's armor and magic resist. Jayce's Q is a straightline skill shot which detonates when it hits an enemy or max range where it deals damage to enemies in an area. Jayce's mele Q is a point-and-click ability which leaps towards the target, dealing damage in a circle around them and slowing anyone within. Jay's W is an auto attack reset which empowers his next three attacks to gain bonus attack speed and have modified damage. Jay's mele W has a passive where all his basic attacks while in melee form restore mana. The active creates a circle around himself for 4 seconds which deals damage to enemies within. Jayce's ranged E places down a line on the floor which he and his allies can move through to gain bonus movement speed. And if he shoots his Q through this, it becomes supercharged, gaining increased damage, speed, range, and explosion radius. Jay's melee E is a point-and-click ability which roots the target before dealing damage to them and knocking them back. And this deals max health damage, so it's very strong against tanks. For combos, your go-to is to start in ranged form and use E with your Q. From here, attack into W for your auto attack reset before changing to melee and jumping in with Q and W. Spam out your additional two quick attacks into E. For matchups, Jace is great into squishier junglers who can easily poke down before one-shotting with his combo. However, he can struggle into junglers who can easily get onto him and outjul him. For runes, take this first strike makes him hit like an absolute truck. For build order, start red monster and pot into a ghost blade and tier 2 boots. From here, an opportunity into a bastion breaker, a great pickups before finishing a build with any of these as needed. For skill order, start Q then W then E before maxing Q then W then E. And you can't love your ultimate, so put six points in each ability. For summoner spells, take flash and smite. Starting the game, your default will almost always be a full clear into fighting for scuttle crab if needed. It's just the most consistent way to get gold and experience, and missing jungle camps means you can get put behind to completing your quest. Otherwise, it is still a viable option to clear half your jungle and look for a gank if it's particularly free. After scuttle crab, look for a gank. When ganking, always consider the three main points of where is the lane pushed to, what CC does your team bring, and what escapes does the enemy have? Jace brings an absolute ton of damage to these ganks, especially these early ganks. Landing your empowered Q should be your focus and then changing weapons and running through your gate gives you a ton of speed. However, do be careful around the level six marks as everyone spikes with the ultimate where you don't. Entering the mid game, keep farming hard and looking to fight. With one or two items, you have an insane amount of damage and can explode people off the map. So, keep looking to actively make plays and convert into objectives. Entering late game team fights. Before the fight even starts, you're looking to poke out your opponent. Especially with first strike, your empowered cues just chunk. When the fight starts, look to play a frontto back play style where you sit back and just damage the enemy front line until you're at the point where you can go in with me to delete them before using your movement speed to run at the back
