Title: 3 Minute Dr Mundo Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2wRh9ziQtwQ

Content:
Why play Dr. Mundo jungle? Well, he is insanely tanky. He also deals amazing damage. He easily chases people down and he's just very hard to stop. However, he doesn't bring any hard lockdown and he is skillshot reliant on his cleavers. Mundo's first passive is he has a large amount of bonus health regen. His second passive is periodically he gains immunity to the next immobilizing effect. When he gets hit by this hard lockdown, he drops a canister on the floor and loses a chunk of health. Mundo can then walk over this canister to get his health back and also reduce the next cooldown of this ability. Enemy champions who walk on it will destroy it instead. Mundo's Q is a straightline skill shot which deals damage to the first target hit and slows them. This ability deals damage based on the target's current health. So if this lands on a full health target, it absolutely chunks them. Mundo's W deals damage in a circle around him and he stores a portion of the damage taken as gray health. When this ability ends, he deals a chunk of damage to those around him and also heals back a large amount of the gray health. And this is increased to all of the gray health if he damage at least one enemy champion with it. Mundo's E has a passive which gains him bonus attack damage. The active is an auto attack reset which enhances his next attack to have bonus range and deal bonus damage increased with Mundo's missing health. If an enemy was killed by this, they become a straight line skill shot which deals damage to all targets it passes through. Mundo's ultimate grants him a large amount of bonus base health, movement speed, and health regen. This lasts for 10 seconds and when fully leveled up, he gets even more base health and base health regen based on the enemy champions around him. For combos, start with Q into your W. From here, attack into E before attacking away using Q whenever possible. For matchups, Mundo is great into assassin junglers who will just never have the damage to get through him, and he can struggle against champions who easily kill tanks. For runes, take this. Fleet makes chasing down enemies too easy, and approach velocity in the light blue tree means you get a massive speed up whenever you land a cleaver. For build order, start blue monster and pot into a heart steel and tier two boots. From here, a dead mant and spirits vis are great pickups before finishing a build with any of these as needed. For skill order, start Q, then E, then W before maxing Q, then E, then W, taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and smite. However, both ghost and smite is very strong, too. Starting the game, you almost always want to do a full jungle clear for multiple reasons. Firstly, you're just not that strong early, and being in the jungle means you can get past a lot of this weaker early game for free. Secondly, you clear healthfully and quickly, so you just want to do lots of that. And finally, as you don't bring hard CC, your ganks aren't the strongest, so farming is stronger. However, once you've done your full clear and either got scuttle crab or fought for it, you want to look for ganks. When ganking, always consider where the lanes push to, what CC your team brings, and what escapes the enemy have. And you almost always want to target lanes that bring the CC for you. Entering the mid game, you're now getting strong and very tanky. So, fight to get heart still procs and focus on objectives. Entering late game team fights, you are the tanky front line. Play a front-toback style where you deal as much damage as possible to anyone in front of you. With your cleavers doing current health, you actually chunk out other tanks. And once they're out of your way, you're free to chase down the enemy backline. And that's how to play Mundo Jungle. If this video helped you, leave a like and comment below who you want to see
