Title: GOLD to MASTERS XAYAH EDUCATIONAL GUIDE - The Front to Back ADC
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8dcNP6yEyw

Content:
Hello everyone and welcome back to ADC diff. This is Violet for those who don't know who I am. I'm a former professional player of five years and I've competed at worlds and internationally multiple times. I've also hit challenger on Korea and ANOS. This video is going to be another go to masters live commentary where I will be playing Z this time and I'm going to be showing you guys what you need to do in order to have success on this champion while also explaining my thought process and decision making in the game. So, you know, check out the coaching in the description down below if you're interested or the Patreon. But I hope you guys are able to take away a few things that you can apply in your own games. And yeah, I hope you guys enjoy the video. Okay guys, I wanted to go over the Zy runes real quick. So ideally you want to be running conqueror pens of mind bloodline cutdown. The reason why conqueror is better over lethal tempo in my opinion is because you know it's better for lane. Um because raw AD generally speaking is better than attack speed, especially in the early game. And also one of my good friends, Gunkra, you know, I think he did the math behind it and conquer actually scales pretty well with Zia as well with her AD scaling and crit scalings. Um, but generally speaking, her trade pattern lane is you ideally want to poke right with your Q and E. But whenever you use a spell, you want to be auto attacking the minions so that your feathers can hit the champions at the end of it. And it allows you to stank conquer as well very quickly this way because every single AD you get means you can also push the wave quicker and you can also do more damage in your trades. Um, but yeah, next is presence of mind. Um, you know, just for the mana, Zia can use a bit of mana, but in harder lanes, you can maybe go overheal. I mean, absorb life if you're versus double range, for example. But usually, usually you want to go bloodline next. Um, you know, life steal, having no life steal as ADC sucks later on the game. So, very important you go bloodline. Cut down. You know, just the go-to rune. Uh, it always activates um when they're above 60% HP. And ideally, this secondary tree, you want to be going inspiration rod. You ideally want to be going boots or cashback. They're both inter interchangeable. Just do whatever uh you feel like you enjoy more. And I prefer cosmic over triple tonic because I just think having summoner spells up more frequently is really OP and solo queue. And you pretty much just go at attack speed, adaptive force, and scaling HP. Hello guys, welcome to the first Z game of the go to masters video. Uh we are currently around Golden Mr. I believe. >> Um and yeah, first thing I think about game plan when I hop in the game, Zilio into Zer Swain. Uh very important. Uh we try to play our poke right. We do have pretty good all-in actually um with Millio's uh E and W, but ideally I want to play poke right and all in if I see an angle to because you know my WQE trade versus Zer is very strong. Zary's not a very strong all-in champ. She's kind of only good at farming. Um the only spell I really need to avoid in this lane is the Swany because if I get hit by the Swany, you know, I'm probably going to take a lot of damage if I get hit by the Swany. So very super important that I really think about the Swany and I try and dodge it. That was really bad Q. That was a nice dodge by him, but really bad queue by me. Um, but yeah, I'm pretty much just trying to play for push. Um, and then trying to bait out the Swainy when I can. Okay, nice. We get a very nice Q there. Trying to line up my feathers. Uh, so I can hit the enemy AD carry at the same time as well. Trying to bait out the Swany, you know. Um, I don't know what he skied yet, but I'm pretty scared. He still hasn't used it, but he's walking up to trade. I'm always down to have an auto auto trade with the mage support, right? Because I'm playing an ADC. So now I kind of want to make sure I just push this wave now because I really want to hit level two. So I'm just going to start hitting the wave. Um cuz I want to play for level two. Very important we try to hit level two here. You know, we hit level two, we get a super big uh all-in trade here because we hit level two and they just ignore the wave right. So once again, I'm just abusing my level two powers back there, guys. I'm just trying to play as aggressively as possible once they're at level two. And generally speaking, most games you will have a very high chance of winning, right? If you play very, very aggressive, and you play off your level up timer. So here, my Shico just gang top. So I do have to be a bit scared of the enemy, what's it called? The enemy jungler here. Yeah, it looks like Shiovana is passing bot. So I'm going to use this opportunity to just channel my recall and base here because the envy Shyvana is bot side. Okay, looks like they're feeding the wave. So, I kind of have to stay. So, I'm just going to stay here, you know. Nice poke on the Swain there. Dodges uh dodges E. So, now we can just trade very aggressively because we dodged his E. Okay, I walked a little too far forwards there. That was a bit troll, but I really want to try and get my wave in and just look to base here because the enemy Shyana is botside first. So, I kind of have to chill. And I think I'm going to channel my base. I'm going to see what happens. But I might stay. But I do have to be very very very careful here because enemy Shyavana is botside first in this situation here. But I'm just going to play for the push. I'm going to play for the push first to be honest. Oh wow. Missing a [ __ ] ton of CS. It's very very unfortunate, but it do be like that sometimes. You know, sometimes you just miss out on a lot of minions. Shyana's bot side for sure. So I'm just going to base and be a bit careful here. As you can see, I'm playing slow, but we should be able to win this because she's alone and Swain is dead. So, we can definitely kill this guy. >> Yeah, he's kind of just out. So, what I'm thinking right now is we just got a kill. Um, my Miller got a really nice kill. So, I really want to just push the wave in base, right? I want to spend my gold. So, I'm kind of just pushing as hard as possible right here. And once I crash the wave, I'm going to look to base cuz I think it's very dangerous to greed. I don't think we can kill this area to be honest. >> So, I'm just going to base here. Spend my gold. Find this. >> Perfect buy. Run back out to lane here. My Millio should be able to hold this wave. I'm going to ping her to hold the wave. Um I don't think they can kill her. She is flash and heal. >> She's just trying to hold the freeze if possible. Um cuz Zary, as you can see, she's one HP, right? >> With the wave. Nice. Good job. Good job. You know, sometimes you have to let ping your teammates and let them know what to do, right? Okay. He could have definitely got that. You ping this guy to base. You know, I'm trying to Okay. I don't know why I keep seeing the minions. Sometimes you got to ping a couple more times before they actually listen. Um for some reason, he just wants to hit the wave instead of holding the freeze. That's all right. He's playing for item, which is like that's not really something that you care about too much on support, I'll be honest. But that's okay. Uh, it's fine. Uh, they're in base right now. So, once again, no need for me to hard push, right? >> I'm going to slow push the wave. Look to get a QE poke. Beautiful. >> Um, just trying to slow push the wave here. Blast it right for a little bit. We can definitely look to trade here. Swain's walking up a bit too far, so we can punish him here, you know. He walks up way too far when my melee is right behind me. He's fighting in my huge wave. So, I get super big damage off on him. As I said, you know, we were actually pretty strong all in as long as I avoid the Swainy. We avoided the Sweeny. Um, he tried to fight our wave and we just walk up and punish him. >> This guy really wants a cannon, so I'm punishing him on the cannon. >> An enemy has been slain. So now he's very low, but I do have to be a bit careful about the enemy jungler here. Um, I am very, very scared of the enemy jungler here cuz he could be padding bot. Yep, there he is. I should be able to walk it off since he has no flash. Might be able to kill him here. He has no flash. Um, you know, the enemy bot lane is one HP. Um, and they weren't able to help, right? Because I was too far and Shyan's tried to gank me without flash. So, we pick up another free kill. So, what I want to do now is I want to just push in base. Um, if they stay, I might stay to kill them because I have level six advantage. As you can see, I'm level six to level five. So, if Z stays here, I might be able to dive him or even this SW to be honest. So, I'm going to look to dive this way since I have alts. >> I should be good. >> So, here I'm just going to greed for this extra wave here. Um, this is kind of risky because Zer's running back out of base now. Um, she can eat this ball and kind of just kill me to be honest. But I'm just going to take the gamble here. Um, yeah, nice. We get away with it. But that was very, very dangerous for me to stay um stay and push out that wave because Zary can just eat as well and potentially kill me. >> You know, we base Swain's dead. Going to look to buy I might greed for Yal this game because I have Viet sword by. We're very very fed right now. But we don't have ult. So, I do have to be a bit careful because I think Zer will hit level six soon and I don't have alt. So, I kind of want to play a bit slow on this timer here. I don't want to do anything too crazy. Shyana's top. Going to ping. Let my top ler know that, you know, jungler's top. Make sure he doesn't die. >> Okay, my Shaker's ganking bot, but pretty hard gank >> in this situation to be honest. can maybe get some QE poke. Beautiful. Once again, the lane is basically one, right? The enemy AD carry is super chunked. I'm trying to find and check if he bases. Okay, he's staying in the map, which means I'm going to slow push, right? I'm going to slow push the wave and look to punish him as much as possible. You know, denying him as much CS as we can. I don't think that they can contest the dragon. He should be good. He should be good. Maybe he needs help. Yeah, I thought he would be good, but he probably needs help here. Just going to toss that Kiwi out. Help this guy. Nice. He got dragon. I'm just going to run back here. The play's over, right? He already got the objective. I'm going to walk up and try and trade on this guy if I can. You know, I am stronger than him right now. I have level seven. He's going to try and go for the cannon. So, we punish him on the cannon. Just auto QE. Beautiful. >> Oh my god, he eats. Wow, that's crazy. >> Boom. We dodge the Swainy. We get a super nice chunk on him. Okay, so here I'm kind of just looking to hit the plates here because once again, Zary's one HP and she based. I'm very close to my item, so I'm just going to greed here. Dodge the E. Think we can definitely kill this guy here. You know, he's just walking into my feathers for some reason. He's walking, disrespecting me. We get some nice feathers down. We just ult we ult and secure the kill here. I'm just going to greed. Right. The thing is, even if Zer comes back out, my condition is still really good. Um my Millio's condition is still very good. So, I can actually stay right cuz I'm full HP. I'm pretty much full mana. >> This guy's eating forward. So, we get a super nice big chunk on this guy. He's trading into my mele shield as well. So, What I'm my plan here is to look to base, right? Like I'm sitting on, 1100 gold. I'm not trying to force a fight on the Zary. I'm just going to look to push um and look to base because I have Yow out of base. I'm just going to base here. Going to ping this guy back. Pick my item. I don't really want to do anything too crazy here. Going to base and spend my gold. There we go. And now once I get back to lane, I'm super [ __ ] strong. Just going to keep sticking to the game plan, guys. Uh look to all in them or poke them down whenever Swain uses E. Looks like Swway's just tilted this game. So, he's running it down. You know, sometimes it happens, right? That could be on your team. In this game, it's on the enemy team. Um he's just running it down, unfortunately. say. >> So here I'm just going to look to pressure the enemy Z because as you see Swain is just kind of ining. So he's dead right now. He's in base. So we can definitely look to trade on this guy. Okay, nice. We got his alt. He's flashing forwards here. That's fine. Just going to chill. We got his flash and al really good >> he has no flash al now. So if Swain doesn't show bot, we can definitely dive this guy or I assume he based here. I do have to be a bit careful of Shivana al just playing my range here. I'm just going to look to push the wave and probably base. >> Just kind of pushing the wave here. Look at the base. Swain's just walking into me. So, we're going to take the kill. I'm going to report this guy real quick. >> But yeah, here. You know, Swain's dead, right? Swain's dead. So, I'm just going to look to pressure the tower here since we're 1v2 situation, right? So, I can just look to punish the Zary. Yeah, Swain is dead. So, I can definitely greed for this tower here. I'm still very healthy. I have alt. I'm not too scared of the Shyvana. I'm just going to alter her alult, right? No, she just flashs. We just have to alult. Shyana alult and boom. You know, that was the only CC spell needed to avoid and we're able to ult to dodge that. So the fight should be pretty easy to clean up afterwards there. You know, we're just hitting this Shyvana with all our feathers. Dodge the E. Nice. We can definitely just break the tower first and then look to kill the Swain. Going to look to base here. I'm going to stay the map actually cuz Shyvana has no alt. Swain is dead. I'm two stacks off my co. So I'm just going to walk up here and hit the wave. Boom. And then I'm going to look to base. I'm going to look to run mid here. You know, we've already broken the bot tower. Now, ideally, I want to try to break the top or the mid tower. I think running mid here is a bit better. >> Going to run mid here and try to break the mid tower. Zary alt. Very important you look around like this, you know, when you're running out of lane, right? When you're not really doing anything. I see Swain use heal. Z use alt Z's spot. Very important habit to have. You know, just looking around the map when you're running out of base. Okay, here I'm going to look to help on dragon here because we pushed out the midwave. So, I'm just going to help on dragon. And now I'm just going to run back mid here and just push the wave. Right, I need to be a bit careful of Z. He is pretty strong. I don't know if he has alt hit by the Q. >> He has no W right now. So I'm going to walk up. >> Okay, nice. Very big punish. You know, he has no W. He's just walking up to my face. So we pick up a very free chunk on this guy and we get an extra pipe now. Now we're super fed. Instead has the base, right? He's very low. He needs the base. Um, I can definitely look to hit the mid plates here. We're super strong right now. Zar's bot. Teamo's top. Only Shyvana and Swain could be here right now. So, I'm kind of just getting ready. And Swain's flashing forwards. Pick up another free kill. He's running it down. Um, just got to hit this play here. Only Zed and Shvana are could be here. Okay, Shyana's running top. going to let my top laner know that she's uh potentially ganking. Okay, looks like Shyana's running in. I'm just going to run here and let my team. Although, I think he's kind of just dead. Nice. Now that he's dead, you know, we can kind of just greed a little bit. Um, it looks like Zed is fighting my team. Swain's just running into me once again. Just going to push this midwave, right, Swain is dead. Um Z is dead. Jungler's dead. Terry's bot. Um the enemy T-Mo is still topest. >> So I'm going to look to just greed for one or two plates before they respawn. Right. Just going to play for I think one more plate before Zed respawns. I'm going to push this wave real quick as well. Yeah, I'm just going to base now. I'm sitting on a [ __ ] ton of gold, right? 24,400 um gold. So, I'm just going to look to recall once again. Just going to base. I don't want to throw the game, right? Obviously, Swain is ining, but the important thing is to play discipline in your games, right? Um, just cuz the game feels like it's one doesn't mean it's one, right? The game ain't over till the nexus explodes, guys. Okay, it looks I mean, this guy is just legit straight running it, bro. Like, >> shut down. >> Yeah, that's fine. You know, Swain is dead. Um, I don't know where the enemy jungler is. Um, Z is topped though, so I'm not too scared. I think I got a T. That's pretty big. >> Shyana is bot and he's at his top, so I'm not too scared right now. We definitely can ego a little bit here cuz we're so [ __ ] fed. You know, I'm two and a half items. No one else. Everyone else is like one or components. So I'm going to play very aggressive here. I have my mele heal flash alt. I barrier flash alt. I'm going to play very very confidently here. This is where I can kind of break the rules of the game. You know, I can kind of just play very aggressive here. >> I can break the rules of the game. I see Shyana coming. >> Um I see Zed coming. But we can definitely win this fight here. Just hit front to back. going to ult. Okay, nice. We kill him. But yeah, the only reason why I can go for this play is cuz I'm super fed. And I also aled the Z alult and the Shyana alt. So, we avoided all their T spells as well. Um, and yeah, pretty, you know, straightforward game, right? >> Um, after, you know, Swing just started running it down. though. >> Maybe hop in the Herald. >> Yeah, this guy's just out. It's fine. Just going to hit the inhib. I think we can definitely look to end the game here. Thing about it is that Zed has no alt, so I'm not too scared of him. Z has no alult. That was really bad. >> Z has no alt, right? And Shyana has no alult, so I'm not too scared of anyone in the enemy team right now. So, we can kind of just go crazy here. Um, going to just look to base, honestly. >> Um, my teammates are in base. I mean, I can probably stay. We can probably end the game here, to be honest. Okay, looks like my teammates are all basing. I don't think I can 1v5 um without my alt and flash, to be honest. So, I'm just going to recall. If they walk into me here though, I can definitely kill them. But my whole team is in base. I'm sitting on 3600 gold. So, I'm going to look to base and buy my Infinity Edge. Then, I'm going to buy this. >> Going to run back out mid here. >> Killing spree. >> We should be able to just run it down mid and end the game. I'm going to pick my Millio. Just We should be able to just run it down mid, end the game, right? I'm so like I'm three item three and a half items to one item to one and a half item maxed >> guys just ining should be able to run it down mid >> else one guys we don't need to do dragon when we're 28 kills to three but like I have channelneled as well so I'm not scared whatsoever I'm very confident right now Shyvana's behind me I saw Shyvana behind me but I don't think it matters at this stage in the game need to dodge the alts. Oh wow, I just got hit by that pretty bad. I took a lot of damage. This is why it's important, you know, to really try to avoid the enemy team CC cuz I just took half my HP. I need to al the I need to al the Z al here. >> Dodge the Swainy. Going to run forwards and just end the game here. Right. Okay. They just got to hit the nexus here. Wow. Still tanking tower. It's crazy. >> I am pretty low and Shyvana is up soon. It is pretty hard to end to be honest. So, I'm just going to back off here. This is just trolling once again. Just going to base. >> No one will block my path. I'm going to grab red here and just run down mid and we should be able to end the game once I once I'm back here with my teammates. We still have Shen. So, we can definitely look to play aggressive. Just going to grab bed real quick. >> We should be able to just run it down mid here and end the game. >> Your team has destroyed a turret. Okay, here we should be able to just run it down mid. My Millio really needs to play around mid here. That's okay. You know, unfortunately reality is sometimes your support, they don't realize that you're you're three and a half items at 20 minutes. So, he's running to the Nash here when we can just end the game. That's fine though. I need to play with my team, you know, at the end of the day AD carry. So, I'm just going to help them on the Nasher here and then we should be able to just run it down mid and end the game. going to push the manage. Going to look to run it down mid and going to pick for help. Normally speaking, you would just run top, right? Because the thing is we already have mid inhip down. Um we have mid inhip down. Uh and like we want to ideally want to be pushing out top or bot, but my teammates are a bit far, but I'm very confident I can just kill this kill all these guys by myself right now. Like I'm so disgustingly fed. I'm three and a half items to these guys. One item. We just pick up some pre-kills and we can look to just end the game here. >> Just going to hit the nexus towers here. >> Okay, we should be able to run the game here. uh you know unfortunately you know Swain ran it down this game but still hopefully the trade patterns in the lane and you know how you should be playing this champion in the first couple minutes was insight for you for you guys and I'll see you guys in the next game which I will be playing in around Plat Emerald MMR. Hello guys, welcome back to the second Z game of the go to masters video. We are currently around the plat emerald MMRelcome. First things I think about once I hop in game, right? Is my game plan Zia Karma into Kaisa Janna. So my priority is to try to play for push, right? Um I'm going to try to get secure the push and then you know we're playing double range versus double range. So getting push is very very important and pretty much you know I just want to poke them down, right? I have a really good poke with Z's feathers. Um you know the QE the feathers from the auto attacks and Karma is also a very strong poking champ right with her Q's. Um Janna is not very strong early game. She does poke, but her poke is, I'd say, significantly weaker than Karma. And Ka, you know, I just got to make sure I don't give her the isolated Q and I should be able to slowly whittle her down in the lane. That's pretty much my game plan. Going to cue this Karma here. I mean, this Janna because, you know, she got slowed by the Karma by the Karma Q. So, just uh So, now I've secured the push. As you can see, they're really standing far back. So, I'm going to stop hitting the wave here. I'm just going to chill. There's no need to hit the wave anymore because we've already got the push, right? Um, as you can see, you know, we're up a lot of auto attacks. So, I'm going to just stop pushing the wave, right? I want to look to punish the enemy bot lane once I've already secured the push. As you can see, they're just kind of giving holding my Q once if he wants to walk up for this XP. Okay, I that was a really bad queue by me. I missed it by a mile, but the intention there was good, right? um hit level two now. So I definitely want to look up, walk up and trade very aggressively. And there we go. You know, level two power spike. Uh we hit level two, we walk up. Kaiser is disrespecting the level two power spike. We punish on these on these minions here and we get an insane insane trade. So once again, I'm not going to hard push right. Um I can still look to pressure them off these minions. As you can see, we've already got push right. No need to really push the wave harder in this situation. Just going to slow push. Um, I see my jungler basic, so I'm just going to put a ward down. Uh, just in case Le tries to like three camp or do something crazy. I'm winning so hard right now that the only way I can lose is if I die to a gank. Okay, Le three camp top, which means I can just play like very aggressive here and try to punish and trade as much as possible because look at Kais's condition. She's completely [ __ ] So once again, I don't need to hard push the wave, right? Because they're staying in lane. So I can just lane lock them already. Um, at this point going to QE here. Get some really nice poke off on this guy. >> And just keep slow pushing the wave, guys. There's no need to hard push. >> I'm trying to see what he does. Okay, it looks like he's basing. So, I'm going to hard push this wave because I either want I want him to stay at this HP or if he bases, he just misses out on the whole wave, right? Either way, it's a win-win for me. So, I'm just going to hard push here. And then I'm just going to base here. I see Ka base. So I ideally want to match a base, right? Because I want to spend my gold. >> Um I'm winning lane so hard right now. I want to make sure I capitalize on the fact that I need to spend my gold, right? When I'm winning lane. So I'm going to buy this co long sword and run back to lane. And now I've actually spent my gold. I've matched my base with Kai'Sa basically. So when I come back, you know, we should be able to fight, right? um up an extra long sword, extra 1080, which allows me to have an easier time trading versus this guy. >> As far as I know, >> but yeah, once I hop back to L, I'm still going to stick to my trade pattern, guys. I'm going to look to poke poke him down with my Q and my E as much as possible. Very nice that we get the can here's instinct. Okay, this guy's walking up a little bit far. Just cutting back, you know, playing a bit slow. Okay, no flash. >> Okay, I played this pretty poorly, honestly. I'm just going to cut away here. Going to cut with my >> There we go. Um, I played that pretty poorly, honestly. I played the initial trade very, very well, but I think I cut it back a bit too far. Um, as you can see, um, my comm pings were very good. I cut her back a bit too far, but it still ended up working out super well, right? Um, that we still got a super good trade. The intention there to trade and then play, not overchase the jer, right, once she flashed out, you know, we got a flash and then once Kaisa walked up 1 v2, we were able to get a super nice trade. Um, and yeah, Le tries to force a gank and we're able to turn around because we still have all our summons pretty up pretty much. So, >> it's a very very free um free play there. I should buy Cfields actually. >> An ally has been slain. >> But yeah, you know, we cast out two kills. Um I'm going to I had to base there because I want to spend my gold, right? You know, after you win a big fight, you ideally want to look to try to base so you can actually spend the gold that you earned. So, you know, I pushed out the wave and then I just recall, spend my gold, and now we're back in lane once again with a pretty big advantage. So, I'm going to try to leverage that once again. Just going to try to freeze this um until it breaks. As we said, you know, my jungler is running out of base. He is doing his camps, so he's it's not like he's playing for dragon right now at this moment. So, I'm just going to hold the freeze until he wants to look to do something. I just saw Lee in here. What the hell? Um yeah, my mid's getting gapped unfortunately this game. But yeah, I'm just going to hold the freeze for as long as possible, right? As you can see, I'm just denying CS, right? I'm not doing anything right now besides denying CS. Looks like my jungle wants to maybe uh play for the dragon. So, I'm going to start pushing here. Um not sure what he's doing, but okay. Looks like they're invading my jungler. So, I'm going to hard push this here cuz it looks like there might be a hectic fight. So, I'm just going to push now and maybe I can move to help my team. Okay, this fight looks a bit far. So, I'm just going to play my own lane, right? I'm going to play my own 1 v one in this lane right here. Going to try and pressure this guy on the tower here. >> Nice. Beautiful. There we go. Line up the Q. You know, I'm kind of just Wing and then holding my Q to see how he jukes. Very important. Very important you guys try and do this on Z, right? So, just going to hit the wave here. >> Um, here we can definitely look to pressure the tower. We can definitely pressure dive here because Jon is mid. So, I'm just going to tank. I probably should have let my Karma tank, but yeah, this is fine as well. But yeah, the reason why we can go for that dive is cuz Janna I saw Janna mid, right? Only Le can be bought, but I was very confident that we would still be able to dive the Kaisa either way. Now, we just push the wave, right? Just push the wave and I'm going to look to base and spend my gold. I don't want to over greed for the plate, right? Very, very silly for me if I were to stay in greed. Just going to base and spend my gold, right? I'm up a [ __ ] ton of gold. I need to make sure I spend it so I can keep snowballing my lead. Top's actually winning very hard, which is good to see. Yeah, run back here. Looks like Lee Sin is trying to take Raptors. So, I'm going to I'm going to mute this guy. Um because, you know, he he had a really [ __ ] death and now he's spam pinging, but that's all right. I see Elise in here. Oh my god, my common mission. Oh my god, I misclicked. >> I misclicked so bad. That was really bad. >> Oh, hell no. But that's fine. You know, I saw Le cross here, so we're able to just pick up a free kill. Very That's why it's very important, guys. Whenever you run out of base, you always need to try to look the map. You know, when you have nothing to do, when you're running out of base, your job isn't to, you know, look at your lane and AFK, right? Your job is to look the map when you have nothing to do and see whether you can, you know, do anything whether it be helping your teammates or um look to move to a play, right? Or even just collecting information on the map. So here, you know, we're winning lane super hard. I do need to be a bit careful cuz Ka is level six. They're both level six. Um they're level six is honestly pretty strong. Just going to keep poking her down with my feathers. My jungler's on dragon here. So yeah, I'm going to just try and hard push if possible. Le show top, I think. So, I'm just going to keep pushing here. I can definitely maybe look to grab this plate. Um, but yeah, once again, my game plan is just pokey, right? I'm just hitting the play here. If Kasa walks up for a minion, I can poke. Nice. Good bit of poke down. Just going to play to hard push this wave. My jungle's padding top. I have,00 gold. I have best conceiver. So, I'm just going to base here. I could maybe greed, but I just really want to make sure I get my item. Okay, I'm going to stay. Actually, why am I going to stay here? Is cuz you see Jana, I saw Janna go mid, which means this guy's alone and I can just freely pressure this bot tower here. Going to use W on this tower. Ta's oo and Janna's top side. So, >> all >> that was a good try by Karma. Honestly, I I like that aggression. >> So, we got Kaiser flash. So now I can just look to hard push this wave and then I can look to break tower here in this situation because oh my god Mr. Canon because I think Kaiser is like still in base right now. She's probably running out right now. But I'm going to greed for the tower play because we do have pretty good vision. I actually can't greed for this tower cuz Fizz is coming bot. So we kind of just have the base here unfortunately. It is what it is. At least my ASO can push out a wave safely now, right? That's the upside of this situation. That's so sad. But I'm going to I kind of want to run mid here to be honest. My should just go bot. I'm just going to run mid here. The bot tower is going to die whenever anyways. So >> just going to run mid here. We both love our enemies. >> I probably could just run bot in this situation, but >> I'm going to run mid here. The good thing about this is that I can actually just perma push this Fizz in. Um, and it makes it a lot harder for him to actually kill us. I need to be a bit careful mid because I don't know where the enemy jungler is. You know, I'm playing my range, guys. I don't want to tank up his damage. She uses everything so I can walk up. Um, but yeah, as you can see there, I'm playing my range very, very carefully, right? It's very important that you don't overcommit for the kills and you always keep track of who can kill you. This game, it's for sure the fits, right? This is the main target that can kill me this game. He's two zero. He's very fed. Just playing my range, right? >> I know he wants to queue me so bad. Like, look at this guy. He wants to queue me. He uses queue on the minions. What does that mean? >> Really? means I can now just trade as aggressively as I want. There we go. >> Just going to push the wave, right? Fizz needs the base. He's low HP and I want to try and hit tower plates if possible. >> Team has destroyed. >> So, boom. We get another one, two plates here because I know for a fact that Fizz is in base. So, I'm not going to greed for more. I'm going to grab this one more tower plate. Thank you, Karma. And I'm just going to base and spend my gold, right? I really want to make sure I spend my gold here. I think I'm going to buy I'm just going to buy this. Yeah, but yeah, I really want to make sure I spend my gold, right? Because as you can see, dragon's up in a minute. I want to make sure that I'm on the map, right? I was sitting on a decent amount of gold there as well. So, you know, there's no point of me greeting um especially when Fizz is going to come back full HP, full condition, so it becomes a lot harder for me to actually play. All right, Karma loves that bit of CS. That's fine. Okay, so my Kha'Zix is doing Chances up soon. Okay, my AS pushing out bot. My Swain is pushing on top. I'm one v one versus Fizz. This is a little bit scary because he can definitely look to burn my alt. So, I need to be a bit careful here. >> Okay, I see Fizz roaming. So, what I'm going to do here is I'm literally just going to ignore this play top. I'm going to ping them back and then I'm just going to hit this mid tower here. I might be able to bait this guy a little bit cuz my Karma is here. Look at you. >> Okay, >> nice. We get a super big chunk on >> the Fizz, >> which is a very nice trade, right? My ASOL is still bot and my Kha'Zix, my SW is still top. Um, but Fizz is pretty low. Going to pick my ASO to be careful here. I see Fizz on the bottom side. What does that mean for me? I can just hit this tower for free. Le's dead, right? So, no one can really kill me at this point, especially when Fizz is roaming bot. So, I can just freely hit this tower, right? I have super good vision right now around the map. So, just going to freely hit this tower here and just get this uh just get this free gold in my pocket. I'm going to push this wave >> there instead. Um pushing this next midwave is a little bit greedy. I think it's better if we just base here. Um you know, my jungle's basing. My top's out of the fight. What my doing here is super [ __ ] risky. He should just go bot, but there's a pretty high chance he dies here. But it is what it is, right? I'm gonna buy I next >> here. I'm just going to run back mid. I don't want to go bot because I want to make sure I >> I want to make sure uh I can actually push in mid and then look to help my team secure the vision. Right. So, right here, you know, unfortunately, my entire team is in base, so I do have to be be a bit careful here. Um I got to make sure I don't die on this midwave. Okay, I missed the cannon. >> Unfortunate. I'm a bit scared here of Fizz. I don't want to walk up here. It's very very dangerous right now. Yeah, we can hit this guy. My Kha'Zix just completely burger the play. Okay, looks like I saw Le and Kha'Zix. I saw Leon and Kha'Zix uh very far away. So, we can definitely just play to kill this dragon here. Nice. and Leon was Ka Kaiso is pushing down mid. Fizz is one HP, so we can definitely just kill that dragon very quickly. So, right now, what I'm thinking is I want to look just look to push in mid and see if I can help my teammates, right? Um, Swain's pushing up top. He looks like he's freezing. Looks like he's freezing. I don't really have anything to buy here, so I'm just going to hover top and we might be able to dive top. I do have a bit of time before next wave comes out. Um, it looks like Garen is We can honestly maybe potentially break this top tower here. It looks like Garren's fighting. So, I'm going to use this time to move and help my teammates. Nice. Beautiful. Um, I definitely think that my Swain can push out top by himself without my help, right? Because Garen's dead. So, I'm just going to help on this Herald here. And then I really want to make sure I don't miss out on the wave for no reason, right? We have very good vision. I don't think they can contest the Herald because, you know, Fizz is bot, the strongest member's bot side. So, I'm just going to catch this mid wave right. We don't want to be dropping CS for no reason, unless there's good reason to do so. Um, so here, yeah, I'm just going to push down mid here and then I'm going to look to base, right? You guys can see I'm sitting on a lot of gold. Really want to spend it. We won a big fight. We got Herold. I need to spend my gold now. Going to base and buy the sword. >> Fizz is still bot. Um, they're staying very long on the map right here, which means I can maybe look to push in mid and once again run top. Um, and potentially help my SW. There's no ways Kai wins this. I think I definitely do have to be a bit careful mid. Um, but this this Garen is actually super weak. So, I don't want to overcommit though. As I said, I have to be a bit careful because, you know, the enemy bot lane, Janna and Fizz are missing and Le's missing. So, I do have to be a bit careful there. As you can see, we can definitely fight here. You know, their teammates aren't here. I saw Janna and Fizz far away. We do have to be a bit careful. It's a 3v4. I'm just going to run away and let my teammates die, right? Don't think this is a good fight necessarily. Okay, I'm going to group up here with my Karma cuz I just saw Fizz use everything. They're going to that. We can definitely win now. We have five people here. Beautiful. As you guys can see, right, I played very, very slow. I'm not running in head first into the Fizz. Maybe I could have played more aggressive and bait out his [ __ ] but the key fundamental is that you don't want to be the one, generally speaking, most fights tanking their abilities first, right? Fortunately, my jungle's in sync. That's fine. You Yeah, ideally don't want to be the one tanking their ability. Um, and you know, I played very patiently and we were able to win the back end of the fight. >> Hopefully, this game was insightful for you guys and I'll see you guys in the next video, which I will be playing in D1 Masters. All right, guys. Welcome to the third Z game of the gold to masters video. >> We are currently playing around I think low masters MMR >> this game. So once again, you know, first thing I think about when I hop into game is the match up. I'm playing Zia Sona into Ezra Yumi. Um do have pretty strong allin uh because you know I have an enchanted support. >> They have an enchanted support as well. But Ezreal is a much stronger all-in champ than I am. You know he has tempo and he has an extra summoner spell. You know we have heal barrier. They have exhaust ignite and barrier. So the air strongness and all in I'm just going to be focusing on pushing the wave if possible because you know Y doesn't really push the wave particularly quickly. Um I'm going to try and get push and just try and poke the Ezreal down bit by bit with my Q's and my E. And I want to make sure I have to avoid the Yumi Q um and the Ezreal Q's this game. It's really mostly about playing in the wave. playing in the wave and uh yeah trying to dodge the unfortunately my son is a bit of a noob walking out the wave just gets hit by everything. It is what it is. >> Going to queue for push. >> Nice. We're avoiding the Yumi Q's very well this game and the Ezra Q's as well. Just going to play behind my wave as you can see. That was a nice Yumi Q. We get a super nice Q though. I'm kind of lining up my feathers to try and hit the esro. As you can see, I'm going to pick for level two here and then I'm going to look to fight them here. >> Okay, that's a neat little trick there, guys. Uh when you hit level two, you if you're not in range to auto attack the enemy ADC. Okay, nearly piling bot. Um you can look to Q and then auto the minion to get your your feather out and then route right if you're not in range. So, super nice neat little trick there. Going to queue here once again and try and maintain the push. Ni's padding bot. My jungle is also padding bot this game. >> But yeah, I'm once again I'm just going to stick to the windcon, right, which is, you know, playing the wave. A nice super nice route. Once again, he's just putting himself against the wall. So, I get another free route and we're just completely [ __ ] on this guy right now. We dodge the Ezra Q's and the uniques. Once again, just playing the wave, guys. Super important you're playing the wave. and pressing on these last hits here. Um, nice. We should be able to hit level three. So, I'm going to look to play aggressive here. Once I hit level three, if he walks in range, I'm going to look to, you know, auto attack him and fight him. But, he's very respectful, so, you know, we can just try to pressure him off the wave. Wow, that's a really nice. Um, Ni's bot though. >> Going to here. I'm just going to play for push here because my jungle looks like he wants to do the crab. >> That's okay. I get hit by that because he has no E now out and I I was able to dodge his Q which is super nice. Going to queue here. My Sona's not here so I have to be a bit careful but I don't think Ezreal can kill me. Just playing for the push right now. >> I need to dodge his W and his E. >> But we are absolutely just we're in a very good lane state right now. We're up a bit of CS once here. I'm not going to hit this wave, but I'm going to get pushed. But once I secure the push, he's standing so far back. Um, I don't need a hard push anymore, right? I've already got the push. >> They just use both their Q's. I'm going to walk up here and pressure. You know, I'm not over overforcing the trade here, right? I'm just applying pressure when I can. And we deny the cannon. Nice. Okay, nice. We do. Going to QE here and get a really nice chunk. Um, yeah, just playing very patiently, guys. I don't need to do anything right now. Look at his lane. Look at his HP. He's completely [ __ ] Um, I'm just going to chill, right? Just slow push. He used Q. I'm going to walk up, apply a bit of pressure. I need to try and dodge this Q. Okay, that was a nice Q by him. Just going to walk up, apply pressure on these last hits. I'm a Magna. I'm just going to pot up here. Okay, like this is really bad trade by my Sona. Okay, he E forwards and we get another super nice Q trade um on this Ezro. He's one HP now. I'm just going to hit the plate. I'm going to try to lane lock this guy. And by doing that, I'm just going to look to hard push this wave and then I'm going to go ward cuz I am a bit scared of the enemy jungler. Um to be honest, like there is a small chance we can get ganked. So, I'm just going to push the wave and then I'm going to go ward real quick. Um the only way I lose right now is if I get ganked. So, I just want to make sure I don't die to the gank. So, right here, you know, TF is level five. I'm really scared of TF hitting six. He might hit six on this wave. Um, but I'm just going to play the hard push. Um, because Ezreal's condition is completely cooked. So, because of that, we can definitely greed an extra wave in. Um, and yeah, I'm just going to hard push this wave. >> Don't feel bad. >> Going to look to base here. El's condition is completely cooked. I mean, I'm just going to stay right. These guys are completely trolling. They're trying to freeze the wave. Um, when their enemy AD carry is condition is completely [ __ ] I'm going to ping let my jungler know. I'm going to try and pressure it. But as you can see, like we're winning super hard right now, right? I don't need to force anything too crazy. >> Yeah, nice Q by this guy. I really want my jungle to come dive, but you know, that's fine as well. You know, if my jungle doesn't want to dive, fortunate reality is I can't really force it. I'm just going to greed for this play here. Ezreal's out of mana, so he can't really kill me. Going to look to back off here. Dodge that Q. I'm going to stay for one more wave because this wave is not a cannon wave and TF just alled so and nearly show tops on dragon. So I can look to one shot this wave and then I'm going to base. So I'm just going to one shot the wave here. Boom. There we go. And we're cing super well, guys. We have we're up a lot of CS. We're up two plates. And you know, we have a better buy than him because we're able to push out that wave. So, super super good start for us here. I'm going to buy these components and then buy my pot. And yeah, right now our lane state is super good, but once again, I need to keep sticking to the game plan, right? It's very important you keep sticking to the game plan, right? I really need this guy to come bot. This is like a really bad role, brother. Um, this is like pretty bad for me. But unfortunately, you know, my support is a noob this game. Like this entire lane, she showed that she's a noob. You know, she gets hit by every Q and now she's going for a pretty bad ro in my opinion. Um cuz they can definitely look to bully me, but that's okay, right? Unfortunately, I have to accept reality that I'm 1v2. So, I'm just going to try to CS as well as I can and dodge the Q's. Nice to death. >> Um yeah, I pretty much just have to chill, right? I'm legit 1v2. I don't really want to make anything too crazy here. I'm going to ward actually as well just in case Ni decides to come invade. But yeah, as you can see, I'm very respectful of these guys. My Sona is missing, so I'm just playing very respectfully. But yeah, just chilling. I'm trying to play to dodge the Ezro Q's. >> Yeah, I'm pretty much just trying to play to dodge the Ezra Q's and the Yumi Q's once again. This guy is a bit of a noob. That's all right. You know, he's getting hit by everything. Uh we just got to make sure that we're in a good condition, right? That's the most important thing. You know, support is noob. That's fine. dodge the Q's. >> Fortunately, he got hit by that. It happens. >> Yeah, not really much I can do, right? You know, my Sona's getting gapped as well. So, you know, we're still up CS, right? I've still got my lead. A lot of players would, you know, like try and force something, but, you know, I'm I'm I'm very happy right now. Still, I'm able to free farm AA into Ezreal. So, um I'm super happy just chilling, right? I'll punish him when I can, but if I can't like, you know, I'm happy to just hit the wave, play in the wave, try and dodge his cues. I can definitely look for a short trade here. >> Okay, >> just short trade, right? We got the Yumi out. Super big. We got the Yumi out. We got the Ezreal out. Just taking a very short trade there. It's very hard to all them when they have Alder Sums up. Um, and they have dodged the Q there. Nice. Okay, nice. We got his flash. That's really big. >> Yeah, I should not have aled. I knew that was a bad play my when my I saw my Kha'Zix flash in. Um, [ __ ] I should not have altered, but I'm just going to base here cuz I don't know where TF is. So, I'm just going to base just in case. You know, my Sona's my Khaz is low HP. Nidi's bot side. Actually, I'm going to stay and cheese one time. Ezra's, Yumi's. If they try and push this wave, I should be able to kill them. I'm going to wait like around 8 seconds. Uh, one, two, three, four, five, six. Okay, they should be in base now. So, I'm just going to hard push and force them to miss the wave here. >> Oh my god, I missed that CS. I'm not going to greed. I h I probably should greed, honestly, cuz I get my item, but it's too late now. [ __ ] it. I'm just not going to greed. I'm too late for that. I'm too late to greed. I think I should have greeted, but it was too late. Anyways, I'm just going to mute my jungle support real quick cuz, you know, after seeing the gameplay, you know, I don't trust these guys to to make good calls. So, I'm just going to mute it in advance. So, you know, I don't get baited by the calls and then, you know, I'm going to get tilted or something. Just going to mute and advance. Once again, we still have a very nice CS lead. Ezreal has no sums. They used everything. So, we're in a still in a very, very good spot right now. So, just going to play to hit the wave here and thin it out pretty much. I think my plan here is I want to All right, it's fine. It's fine, man. You know, my son is a [ __ ] noob. Stole my cannon. It is what it is. I have item on base, though. So, my goal right here, I'm just going to look to hard push the wave and then I'm going to look to base and spend my gold. Um, but yeah, my Son is just running forwards here. I'm just going to look to base and spend my gold cuz I have Yow. Dragon's also up soon. So, I'm just going to base here. Boom. We're very, very strong now with our item spike. You could make the argument I could stay, but I just want to make sure for this dragon fight, I do have my complete item, which makes me very, very strong. They should be able to kill Ezra here to be honest. But my Kha'Zix looks like he's playing it very poorly, but he still kills anyways. Nice. You know, the reason why that worked as well is cuz Ezreal had no SS. So, since Ezreal's dead, TF is pushed out. Ezreal's dead. I'm going to look to Wow, I didn't realize my top was 05. Unlucky, bro. Um, okay. Ni is fighting, but that's a bit far for me here. I'm just going to ping back. And since Ezra's dead, I really want to just push out the wave and hit the plates. No, I'm too far for this play. I'm just going to see what happens. But I'm too far. I don't want to move to this play. So, I'm just going to hit mid. I mean, hit bot here. No, Ezra's dead. He's probably running out of base now. Just going to hit this tower here. And we're still very, very fed. >> So, he just E. He just E. We definitely can maybe die. Okay, never mind. My Kha'Zix doesn't want to dive. That's fine. Thought he would want to dive, but unfortunately he doesn't want to dive and fortunately he's caught out. You know, it happens. It happens. Um my jungle, you know, bit of a noob as I said once again. It is what it is, right? Just going to ward. Just going to chill. My Son is also ining, you know, Ni's bot side reason. So, kind of just uh kind of just I don't want to really take a fight here. Um I don't I really just don't want to risk it. I'm going to play for the wave first and then I'm going to move. Um cuz we might be able to win honestly since my Akali's level six with alt. But I'm just going to ping back here. Okay, nice. So you see, you know, I asked this to fight. It looks like they're running away. So now I'm just going to hit the tile plates right. They're running the safe way. Got to dodge Ezra al. Nice. Um Ni could still be bot, but it's highly unlikely. Highly unlikely. Ezra just used E. Uh I don't think Nidley can be botside. We have good vision. I have alt flash. So, I'm going to look to play very very aggressive here. Um, and I'm going to try to break the bot tower. One thing I do need to be careful of is that Nid Riven is missing and there is a decent chance she just runs bot out of base here. So, I'm going to be thinking about Okay, Riven's top. Nice. We can definitely look to break this bot tower here. I don't care if you hit me, bro. I have healing and I'm very strong. You don't have your item yet. So, I can just break the tower in your face. Um, and I can just plan the wave, right? I'm just going to look to one shot this wave. We got dragon, right? I don't really want to fight here. Just going to one shot the wave and then I'm going to look to recall and I'm going to run mid ideally and then my Kali can go side lane. Just going to base here. >> If Ezreal cancels me, I can look to definitely look to fight him here. That's fine. Going to look to base here now. >> Y is dead. You know, unfortunate Y's getting gapped. It happens. Going to base. Going to look to buy Infinity Edge second actually this game. Just want to go max damage. I'm going to run mid. I'm going to pick my Kali back. You can grab red buff, bro, if you want. It's probably better on me, but you're one HP, so we can definitely look to fight here. We have four people here, and Ezra Yumi are most likely basing since they're in a pretty bad condition. >> So, they have three top, but they're pretty low. I really want my Sona to get vision. I'm going to spam ping her to get vision down cuz I really want her to get vision. Nice. We cancel the base. K's just cutting out slowly here. Yep. Nice. >> Okay, they have four people mid. >> Okay, nice. Boom. They have four people mid, but I uh what's it called? I [ __ ] ulted the TF gold card, so we're able to play this 2v4. You know, we played this mechanically insanely well. You know, I spaced the initial engage very well. And I saw Ezra E4s there, guys. I don't want to fight here. It's really bad. I don't have alts. You know, my jungle's ining once again. It is what it is. Just playing my range. >> Okay, my Sona's running in melee range. It is. It happens. It's fine. Don't worry about it, boys. I should be able to crap. >> I didn't press my barrier. I actually think I might have been able to kill that guy if I pressed my barrier. Wow, he's actually so fed. Um I I didn't see his build. Oh yeah, I'm going to meet this guy as well. Anyways, like that was my bad. I think if I pressed my barrier, I might have been able to kill him there. So that was on me. Yeah, as I was saying earlier, the play um that I made earlier, the only reason it worked is because one, I you know, I spaced the initial engage the gold card well and then they overcommitted. He tried to gold card me. I aled his gold card um and then I saw Ezreal E forwards, so I was able to E flash there and surprise him cuz I knew he had no E cuz he E in front of me. Um, but yeah, uh, right now, uh, you know, Riven is very fed, so I just got to keep in mind with the Riven. She's the only very fed member this game. So, I kind of want to take fights away from her because she's very disgustingly strong right now. She's like 81, as you can see. Um, she's very, very fed. >> She's 81, so kind of just have to chill. I don't know. Okay, Riven's top. Nice. Riven's top. So, I can definitely look to pushing this wave pretty safely. Riven being top. But, you know, the later the game goes, the better for us, right? We have Sona and we have Zia. We scale insanely well. Yonyi also scales pretty well to be honest. Get a nice little QE. Um, Riven's top. Don't know where Ni is. I don't know where Twisted Fate is. Twisted Fate could maybe base and mid. So, I'm a little bit scared right now. Uh, Riven could also run mid here. So, I'm a bit scared here cuz I don't know where Riven is to be honest. It's a little bit scary, >> but Ny is bot side, but not too much we can do here. Like, I'm trying to, you know, we already have vision top side, so I'm trying to see what I can do on the map. Okay, Riven's bot, which means we should be able to just push out top. I really wish my jungle started hitting her here because, you know, they're showing four bot, but my jungle is deciding to base. You know, a mistake from this guy um to not actually do the Herald here because we have so much time to do it. Like, I can actually help, but you know, this jungle and support are are not very good this game. Unfortunately, my top jungle support are are pretty gapped, unfortunately. But, you know, we got to make do with what we have what we have, guys. I'm still farming very well ahead of the curve, so just going to keep trying focusing on that. Um, Riven's bot. I think Twisted Fate could maybe be mid here, so I'm kind of just being a bit cautious, but I do have alts, so it's not necessarily easy for them to kill me here. But, yeah, not much I can do versus Ezreal. Like if I walk up like he can just play his range and queue me. So I'm kind of just playing my max range if possible. >> Untamed. >> I'm just going to play for the push. Going to play for the push here, guys. Oh, nice pick from my jungler. Nice. Good job, man. Um I'm just going to chill here. I might be able to actually break the mid tower here. I just need to be a bit careful of Twisted Fate cuz he can al mid. Twisted Fate can al mid here. Um Riven's bot. Yeah, I don't know why it took my jungle like 10 years to do Herold, especially when Riven's just showing on the opposite side for like 10 years. So, he can definitely just do it. Um, Riven looks like she's missing. She could be going mid here, so I'm going to kill this wave as fast as I can. And then I'm going to back off because Riven could definitely be running up here. So, I'm just going to get the [ __ ] out of here. Yep, there she is. She's behind us. This is really [ __ ] scary. I do not want to fight my Sona's running into Wow. Like, that was so scary, man. Like Sono was running into the Riven a bit blind there, but I'm going to pick my item here. I don't really care about this dragon to be honest too much. It is our third dragon point, but personally speaking, I think prioritizing my Infinity is more important. So, I'm picking my item to let my team know that I really want to play for my item. Uh, I mean, we can definitely They're wasting a lot of time chasing this guy. So, we can definitely just push mid and get a couple plates. to be honest. I think that's it. To be honest, I don't think we can go for more. Um, so I'm just going to base here. I don't really want to fight. I have Infinity Edge on base. I'm very, very strong. >> Um, unfortunately, we can't push for more. I think I just think it's way too risky. Just going to run here. Grab red buff. This is a little bit scary. So, I'm going to uh scry orb to check if Riven is cheesing. Okay, she's strong bot. Very nice. Very nice. Um, but yeah, I don't know if like I don't know where Ni and [ __ ] are, so I'm a little bit cautious. Yeah, Riven's too far. I'm not going to bother chasing. I just want to make sure I catch this midwave, right? I don't want to drop too much CS. I think Riven's just playing too respectfully, so it's pretty hard to kill her. So, I'm just going to stay mid and just hit this wave here, you know. Boom. Good wave. Once again, a lot of the game plan is just mid game is just all about collecting information and making a correct decision, right? So, I'm going to look to push in mid and see what I can do to help my team. I got to be a bit careful of TF alt, but I might hover bot here, but my unfortunately my jungle's top side. It's a little bit scary for me to face check bot to be honest. >> Um, I don't really want to face check. Like, I I don't see where Riven last was. So, you know, my teammates are unfortunately like just like my jungle support is so AFK this game. It's unbelievable, but it is what it is, right? Okay, Riven show top, which means I can safely push in mid. Um, we can definitely push cuz I think Riven showed top. So, I can might be able to grab one plate here, but it's risky to go for more cuz TF is not showing. So, TF can al on my head. If I try to push this tower, TF can al on me and Riven can look for a flank, which is super [ __ ] bad for me. If I have to al the TF gold card, Riven flanks, you know, I'm probably going to throw the game here. So, I'm kind of just chilling. Just chilling. Just chilling. Not much we can do. We just got to clear the vision. I don't once again I don't know where Riven is. This is so scary because Riven can just flank here. So I'm kind of just >> Yeah, there she is. Right, she's flanking. I really want to make sure I'm not in a dangerous position when Riven flanks. I mean, she is really disgustingly strong. I don't think we can actually win a fight right now, to be honest. I'm kind of holding on my roots. My ribbon is my Yeah, my Sona is just really bad this game to be honest. Like I have no idea how this guy's dying with flash shield alts to a [ __ ] Riven. But you know, we got to make through what we have. Once again, got to accept the reality that this guy's a [ __ ] nude. Don't think we can win this to be honest. Maybe we can actually win. Okay, nice. My teammates played that pretty well. I don't think we can win this. Just cut back here. Got to dodge the spear. >> Nice. We dodged everything there. That was a little too close for comfort. >> But yeah, nice. We actually ended up killing Riven surprisingly. I did not think we would be able to win that, but kind of just played my range. Um, yeah, just got to chill here. We still have Sonalt, which is pretty good. Yeah, Sona is a bit lost, unfortunately. Whoever this guy is, he's a bit lost. You know, he's just AFK mid instead of putting wards down. It do be like that sometimes. do be like that sometimes. Going to buy a last whisper here. Um I think I'm going to look to buy I don't know if it's worth buying heal cut this game. They do have quite a lot of healing with niti ribbon and yumi. I might buy heal cut honestly. Yeah, I'm just going to buy heal cut. I just think they actually do have quite a lot of healing. LBR might still be better cuz they have a lot of HP stackers. But I'm just going to buy heal cut honestly. Um I need to be very very careful of Riven guys. I don't have alult, so I'm going to be playing very respectfully of this Riven here. Um, she can definitely look to one shot me. I'm very, very scared here. I have zero vision cuz, you know, my Sona is not putting any wards down. I just have to accept the reality that I have zero [ __ ] vision. I just have to chill and play very, very slow. Okay, they show top. They're all top. So, what I'm going to do here is they're showing four top. So, I'm going to run it down mid and just hard push this midwave as fast as possible. >> Um, if they do Nash, it is what it is. I'm going to try and get some gold, right? Very important that you always try to find some gold somewhere on the map. I'm just going to take this from my jungler. Okay, you stole that from me. But there is a small chance they do Nash. >> They could definitely flank me here. So, I'm a little bit scared to be honest cuz my Sona's just not once again not putting any wards down. It's just so scary, man. It's so [ __ ] scary. I don't want to face check here, man. If if Riven's here, like I could get one shot. Like I'm literally just, you know, playing very very safe. They didn't Nash, but like it is what it is. Like we can't really contest anyways. 4v5. It's pretty hard. Maybe we could have, you know, but once again, my Sona is just she's not really playing the game, so just have to accept the reality. We should be able to one shot this though, to be honest. We do kill it pretty fast. It looks like it's just gone. I don't really want to [ __ ] with that guy to be honest. Okay, Riven, use flash. >> For my son's probably dead here. Just going to let her die. This guy's going to maybe keep chasing me. >> Am I? >> Wow. This guy, this champion is crazy, man. Holy [ __ ] That champ is [ __ ] crazy, man. God damn. I guess I spaced poorly there. I shouldn't have clicked um forward so much there. Spaced a bit poorly, so I end up dying. That was my bad. But yeah, you know, even though we I'd say we overall played this game pretty solidly, unfortunately, you know, sometimes you just can't win every game, right? My support, my jungle, my top, every role is just gapped except for my mid. My mid played pretty well this game, but some games are just going to be really [ __ ] hard, right? Like you could play really [ __ ] pretty [ __ ] well. And sometimes you just you just you can't win them all really. You can't you really can't win them all. That's just the nature of League of Legends. Okay, since the game is not ended, it's honestly still winnable for sure. Like the thing is I'm very close to my LDR and when I get my LDR spike, I am really [ __ ] strong. So, we can definitely still win this game. It's for sure going to be really [ __ ] hard, but I definitely do think it's winnable. We just have to cut back here. You know, my Yona is probably dead. Unfortunately, I'm just going to let him die. Tough luck, brother. Okay, I'm going to have to flash here. This guy is actually so strong with the Yumi just sitting on top of him. Don't think I can help. I mean, they might be able to end the game here to be honest cuz my whole team just died. Um, yeah, that's tough. Um, the game might be over to be honest. I don't really see how I can block up to the wave because Riven just [ __ ] uh just dashes 50 times on my head. It makes it pretty hard for me to play the game. But yeah, I mean hopefully this game is still insightful for you know how you should at least cuz as you can see I'm still very well farmed. You know, we're still playing pretty consistently well. But unfortunately some some games are unwinable, right? Um the enemy Riven's just way too fed and my team teammates are just too gapped. Um, sometimes, you know, I I made like a couple maybe one or two really bad mistakes and it ended up costing my teammates the game. Sometimes it could be like that, right? They used gold card. I should have alted first there. Yeah, I just don't do enough damage right now. I just don't do enough damage. But yeah, hopefully this game was still helpful you guys and the video was insightful. Um, and yeah, just another game of League of Legends. I'll see you guys in the next video.
