Title: I Tried "Practice only" Combos in Real Games
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77vSi6hQjfs

Content:
In practice,
Pyke combos can get incredible. but how difficult would it be to pull them off in a real game? I had to try, but, 
This was my first attempt. That's why I'm learning. Seven levels of Pyke combo 
starting, at the absolute basics, And the ending of things
you've probably never seen before. And I have only 50 games
to complete them all against real players. But before we go into the video. Did you know that Riot Games
partnered with OperaGx to create a browser
perfect for league players? Huge thanks to OperaGX
for sponsoring this video. They made this hub
that makes following league esports very easy. It has a game calendar. That's synced to your local time zone
and a section  with official streams
and co-streamers. They are in active partnership
with Riot, so this hub will keep evolving
for future events. unlock it, you have to install
one of the official mods from the GX Stor
and then navigate to the GX corner. They have  a lot of different mods,
but since the Demacia  season, I'm using this one and it changes the
browser with custom music, keyboard sounds. Color theme and icons. But you can toggle off
anything you don't like . On top of the League features, you get a free VPN
and a built in ad blocker.  And if switching browser sounds like a pain Opera imports
all of your bookmarks and history in one click  It's also compatible with
every Google Chrome extension. Make sure to install our projects
right now using the link in the description
below. Or, in the pinned comment. So let's start
with the easiest combo. You start with E then you flash behind the target
t o redirect the stun. Maybe now, let's.... Oh, that's it. Yeah, it took a minute and 30s. Okay, maybe let's stun at least two people
to make it more interesting. That was so satysfying For this one we just add
Pyke's Ult in the middle. So E execute with ult 
and then flash to redirect the stun. If we do it correctly, we'll be able
to kill the other target as well. Wait. that's not it. This one gave me a bit of trouble. I was still doing it, but
I couldn't get that perfect double kill. Well, how did they miss this one? Okay, I mean, that's kinda close, right? I don't know what I expect. But after a few more really bad
attempts, it finally happened. And they moved on
to the other combos. But a few games later
I got a perfect opportunity again Yes. Yeah, this is going to the video
for sure. Level three is interesting because we have to use
ult two times in a row. We as the first ult to gap
close and stun the enemy. And then the second ult
to execute. why you we'll need Axiom Arc, an item
that reduces your ult cooldown  for each take down. our case, we'll need three
takedowns to fully reset it But since Pyke
has a built in reset, we can use it
two times immediately. and I'm gonna be honest,
getting three takedowns and having an enemy
still alive is quite rare. That's why I was expecting it
to take 5 or 10 games. But somehow
I did it in the next game. that. That's it. That's crazy. So you're trying to kill this guy,
right? You go in, you use E Q and ult 
and suddenly you realize, Oh no, my ult doesn't have enough
damage. Well, you can either not kill them
and walk away with shame, or you can do the fourth combo. This works because you can flash
during ult's cast time. and with right timing
redirect E into the enemy. precise,
but when it works, it's so good. And the first few attempts
were really bad. I either didn't use flash at all. No, I mean, that was so bad. I completely messed up the combo. and after practicing a bit,
I started getting good attempts. I was still missing everything,
but at least now it looked like I was trying the combo. Oh, I tried to predict her Ult. I was close, And then
I even did it a few times. I just didn't have enough damage. I wanted to do this
on Warwick, but um, that was cool. I guess.  and finally after five games, it clicked. Oh yes, that was so cool! Wait, maybe now. Go. Yes. And another one. Maybe I can have enough damage. Maybe. that was disgusting. Oh. This one is very similar to the last one, but instead of flashing over your target,
you flash to stun another enemy. The difficulty comes from the fact
that you need at least two enemies, with one in the execute
range to pull it off, That's why I was getting
maybe one attempt per game And attempt is a very generous term here
because this is what I was doing. Okay. Oh, no. That was so bad. Wait. I used my flash. That's crazy. I have to see it again. But with time, I got better
And I started getting really close tries. Oh, no, it was so close. I think. Right. Damn. If that E hit Caitlyn,
then it would have been so good. But I guess because this combo
is so similar to the last one, it didn't take me that long. And only after five games. I did this. Oh, that was technically it, but it really didn't look like
the combo I wanted to do. So I went for another one. And somehow in the next game, this happened. Oh. That's insane. What did I just do? It's so perfect. I'm so happy. Now we're getting into combos
you should probably never do They are useful
in some niche scenarios, but even then it's really difficult
to get them consistently. And this one took me way longer
than I expected you engage with E
and then start charging Q. Now the enemy will be focused on dodging the Q
but instead of using it, you flash behind them to redirect the stun
And now the difficult part begins. Oyke's ult ha this weird hitbox 
this but no matter where you hit the enemy, Pike will always appear
in the middle of the Now going back to our combo. We still have the Q charged. So after flashing,
we fling the enemy into a And then ult to do this. Of course, the thinner the wall
the easier it gets. but I really wanted to do it
on this wall in the middle lane. I still had 30 games left,
but I wasn't sure it's going to be enough. she dashed away. No no no no. That would've been been so good if it worked But since this
combo is quite slow, it was very easy for the enemies
to fully deny it. Just let me try it. Like, look at this, this guy. Just instantly yellow card's me
Like what? But if the enemy didn't
do any of that, my attempts were really good. Like, look at this. That would have been so cool
if I did this. It was so close. No no no no no no no no. after ten more games of
doing this one, I started trying on other walls that would have been nice. Why does she go over the wall? It would have been it. Close. and I played another 10
games with only close tries. I was
slowly getting closer to that 50 limit I knew each attempt could be it I just couldn't do it
for some reason. I could look at this like,
just move your mouse a little bit further, you know? And to make things worse, I miss this one
by like hundred damage. Yes. That's it. Oh, That took way too long. in terms of mechanical difficulty. This one is ten times
harder than the last one. In practice,
it took me ten minutes to get it. So I'm really afraid ten games
won't be enough. So when Pyke throws his Q. There is a moment where you can't really use any other abilities There are a few ways to break this rule The easiest is to use
cleanse  Normally, cleanse removes negative effects from your champion But in this case it allows us to cast
other abilities for a split second You can use it, for example
to stun people faster. But here is the combo I came up with. Since I have only ten games left. My strategy is simple. Train as much as I can
to make those few attempts count. So after about an hour of practice
tool I was ready. And I started playing. after four games
didn't get a single attempt. That's, I'm not sure. It it it may not happen,
to be honest. It may just, may not be enough. In game five. I finally got a decent try,
but it wasn't close. then game six came and nothing happened Game seven Still nothing Game eight, I tried something here, but I wouldn't
even call it an attempt. In game nine,
I got an ADC, decided to go top lane. So all I had was a single game I knew it probably wouldn't happen, but I wanted to give it my all. And in this game alone, I got four decent tries. But it didn't happen. Yeah, that's it. I mean,
I knew it wasn't gonna happen. It's just they've been such a nice story if it  did at the last moment, imagine. That's fine. We did six levels
and some of them were crazy. See you next month.
