Title: SINGED TOP IS TOO STRONG.. 1V9 EASIER THAN EVER (*NEW* RUNE) - 2026 Singed TOP Gameplay Guide
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwpBsxhl1do

Content:
All right, guys. Welcome back to another YouTube video. Today, we're once again playing some Singed in the top lane again. We're playing Singed today versus Camille matchup. And for runes, we got the new Deathfire Touch. We got Nimbus Cloak, Celerity, Scorch. We got Overgrowth, and Bone Plate. Also running Ignite. We're going to be having fun with Singed in lane, actually. Going to have a good time with this. So, Singed is now massive win rate, okay? Singed is actually one of the highest, if not, I think he's the number one right now as of recording this video. Um the new rune, the Deathfire uh the What was it called again? The the Deathfire Touch rune. That rune gives you incredible damage on single target. I'll show you what I mean this match. Um also, we we have Ignite, so we can win early game. A lot of people are playing Singed from laning phase. People don't proxy with Singed anymore. Only some people do. Most people will play Singed in lane right now to actually snowball. I'm going to try and like spam E on her tower. We'll see if it works. If he jumps on me, I don't mind it. That's kind of the strategy in the early game. If you have a matchup that you cannot win, you just drop them under your tower. I think this guy knows it, though. >> [laughter] >> This guy knows it, dude. He knows it. Yeah, he knows it. I'll stay like a bit more max range. So, one thing that Camille could do is like she could jump in, drop the combo, and then run away before I can use my E ability. So, we've got to respect it like a little bit. As it turns out, she's trying to rotate to jungle to try and beat my jungler. Okay, she's already coming back to lane. Just got to be avoiding the Camille W. That's it, man. Just got to avoid that W. If she jumps in with um with her stun. We could drop her under tower. If she doesn't jump in, I'll just push it out and go for items. Yeah, that's not going to work, sadly. I'll take my opportunity here and see if I can push. I don't mind it. Yeah. Let me double-check and see what she's going to do. What? It looked like Shaco was here, man. Let me see if I can get my reset. All right. I will go for dark seal and also movement speed because that it's easier for me to land my ability under tower. The Hopefully we'll make it work. Apparently Shaco's in bot lane right now. Which could mean either two things. Either Either Shaco's going to full clear jungle to top lane next time. But he will have to wait for that or he's going to pass from top lane to bot lane, which I think he's probably going to do. Uh we will see. I'll see if I can thin out the entire wave by using my Q here cuz I've got my brier on top lane. And good damage. I think that's it. Yeah. Okay, good start. Really good play. I'm very happy with this. The only problem is that the wave is in the in the worst position ever. Let me see if I can help out if I can get some help. Uh We're having trouble out here. We got to We got to go back fast before Shaco's going to move here. Cuz I think that Shaco's going to be here any second right now. You wouldn't believe it, guys, but we have more farm this Camille does. So, everything is working out. Um in terms of the damage on Rune, I've only got 82 so far, but that's because we haven't really been able to trade him as much. An enemy has been >> Okay, uh first items uh for the first item we're going to go for will definitely be Liandry. Um if you want to, you could actually go for Rylai's for the slow, but if you actually care you know, about AP HP and damage, I would honestly advise this one instead, especially if they're going to build like slightly tanky, you're going to make good use out of this. Liandry on the as a first item on Singed is very, very strong. You're just missing out on the slow. That's probably the the most annoying thing. Cuz this champ does rely on it. He's got the level up here. We just got to be very careful about Shaco now, because one thing that Camille can do is just obviously like cast our button. It's nearly time. An ally has been slain. Hm, she didn't test it out. >> [laughter] >> An ally has been slain. >> Briar, man. We got Briar maybe pathing top lane here. >> I hear you. Yeah, Camille match up is annoying because her passive also has a shield. So, it's not easy to play into. Yeah, we got Briar top lane and there's a Blitz on the way. We don't know if Shaco is going to be here. We don't know yet. Could be a Shaco involved. No jump. I don't think this is going to work for me. Is that going to be enough for my team? All right, cool. I'm going to walk away as far as possible so that Shaco is not going to get me. Yeah, I took a bit of a risk, man, because I knew that if my teammates go top lane, and the moment they show Yeah, exactly. The moment they show, like like Camille would just jump away with dash. That's that's one problem that we've had. I think I'm going to go for armor, man. Yeah, let's go for armor so I can tank up a bit more. But yeah, that's one thing about Singed. Um when you play Singed from laning phase, so instead of like farming between towers, which is like the usual thing that people uh did over the years, if you play Singed from lane, you can use ignite to snowball. Um however, also, if your if your jungler and your team in general plays around you, you can get a ton of kills like that because your W and E combo is super OP. It's super easy to get kills with this combo. Like that's one thing about playing Singed, man. Very easy to get kills if you play Singed. Very, very easy. I think he's trying to rotate to mid lane, so I'll see if I can hard push this. In my opinion, I'm not too worried about Camille rotating because that means that she's going to lose all of the farm right here. So this is actually very, very, very much of a mistake, especially if Camille's going to stay there. Uh it's actually going to make things even worse. Yeah, we got a plate here. This is very, very bad for Camille, by the way. Very bad. Cuz she's getting like one single one single kill right now. I'm getting the quest completion, and I'm denying her all the farm right now. See, I very very very very bad for her for Camille. Absolutely. Okay, let's rotate back. We've got steel caps. I went for steel caps a little bit earlier than usual. I was going to farm like one more wave between the towers. But I'm kind of I was kind of against it because of Shaco. Like if Shaco would appear, it would be very challenging for me to survive. And we've got steel caps now. So certainly things are going to be slightly more easy. I think I might just farm between towers, man. Hold on. Let me check. Uh I'll just stay around for like one more wave. It's all right. My ultimate is activated right now, so I should be fine. Yeah. This is nice. Let's quickly walk away. I'll I'll get the ruby. Don't worry about, you know, the early match with Singed. It doesn't matter. The only thing that matters is that you consistently farm well. If you look very closely, we have 93 at 10 minutes in the match. We are about 40 farm ahead of my opponent right now. That's good because Singed is a champion that scales very hard. On the first and second item, you become very strong. So everything is going according to the plan, all right? Uh I don't think this will work. Yeah. This guy is respecting us. Maybe this will work. What if I >> [laughter] >> Come on, jump in. Jump in. Come on. Do it. It's actually working, man. Are you kidding me? No way. No way. I I'm going to flash, bro. I've I've got flash. Hold on, man. Actually, double knock up here. This Shaco This Shaco had no chance. Not at all, dude. No chance. Wait, I've got to deactivate my queue. I've got no mana anymore. Oh, imagine if that actually land too, man. Oh. All right. Anyways, we have the uh we got the Liandry's build, so we can we can get started now. I just need 30 gold, man. I think I might teleport even, so I can get to tower. Yeah, wait like 10 gold. I think I'll teleport, dude. Come on, this will work. Well, I I can't lose the farm. Ah, I didn't get the timing. No, sadly. It's fine, whatever. I've got Liandry's now, so it's kind of over. I'm not scared of Shaco that much. All right, let's walk away. I think I might farm between towers. I'll just I'll just kind of force this Camille. I don't mind if Shaco's going to be here now. I just have to be very careful about their global ultimate because they actually have one. I'll just farm it out. Nice. I might repeat this process for a bit longer. Oh, she's actually trying to farm in front of tower. I mean, she's taking damage for this, so it's not really It's not really that good for Camille. Maybe I can tower dive this. Yeah. Okay. Interesting. I will fight I will fight this no matter what, man. Yeah. Is that enough? No, it's not enough. Oh, there's actually someone else up here. Oh, no. I thought it was enough actually, man. Unfortunate. Unfortunate, man. Ah. Unfortunate. I'm going to try and ignite him next time, Golem. Let's quickly go back. I will go for a live real fast. I'm actually going to go for Magia too, but I think I'll wait for this. Shut down. Maybe just AP. Yeah, I'm just going to go AP for now. Enemy double Okay. Yeah, let's run our way back. We're two and 0. I'm not too scared. I do know that Camille has the Trinity right now, which is one of the like the biggest power spikes that Camille has. >> Enemy has I'm very much aware about this. Let's try to move forward here. If Camille starts playing really aggressive, that could mean there's somebody, but I think it's unlikely. I've got the wave, man. That's all that matters. Just want to see the damage cuz I'm not able to trade Camille as much. I've got 457 damage right now. I wish I I wish I could trade the Camille a lot more, man. I've only got a very few trades in so far. Destroyed turret. Yeah, she's got that passive. Yeah, I got it. Let's walk away here cuz I think that there could be a Shaco. So, I'll try to walk away as far as I can. Rather not be messing around with Shaco right now, not yet. Let's go for the giant's belt. Got some HP now. Apparently, the Shaco is on Drake doing it right now. An enemy has been slain. Yeah, I need my team to move towards it. I don't want to lose Drake, man. This This is not good for us. Oh, yeah, we've actually lost Drake unfortunately already. To shake or not to shake. Wait, no, knock up. Oh, well, we found it. Got it. Pretty nice. I'm on the way. Ooh, all right, let's go. I will have to rotate top lane as fast as possible. So, that's what we're going to do. Yeah, we're going to lose a lot of plates right now. We just kind of bad for us. Not super happy to see that we're going to lose that many plates, but it's it's fine. Whatever. Okay, I forgot what I was looking for. Nice. It's nearly time. Got no idea like how far Camille went. I I she could be hiding here, but I'm not going to check it. Oh, apparently Camille's right here. All right. I wasn't even looking for this guy. Thank you. Did the double knock up, dude. The double knock up. They're having such a hard time. Okay, 2,000 gold. I'm going to hold my thing, and now I use it. I was going to hold it, so if he's going to run, I'll just drop him into my W. Okay, we have 10 stacks on my dark seal, so we're going to upgrade that into Mejai. Very nice. And we also build rely and we start building into the next item. I think I already know what I'm going to do. We are going to probably start going for Riftmaker. I'm actually thinking about that right now. I think Riftmaker in this in this match would be honestly fantastic. I think it would be I think it would be perfect here. We also have this item which is another alternative we could use. But I'm thinking a lot about Riftmaker right now. I think it would be hilarious to build that. Okay, let's keep going. Um I'm not really focused on this guy right now. I'm just here for the wave and then we just walk away. Hold on. Okay. Uh I don't know if Blitzcrank should do this. Okay, it's fine. It doesn't matter. Let's walk away. I think that my AD carry is not going to survive that man, not against Camille and Shaco. Yeah, not against that. Wait, we can do this. 100% dead. Let me chase this. I love how he thinks he could just alt away, man. Yeah, sounds like a plan. Unfortunately, I'm doing too much damage. Uh my rune has done 921 damage so far. Considering we never trade Camille at all in the early game, that's good. Let's rotate ourselves back top lane. I have to do something about Camille right now. I think there's vision. I'm not 100% sure. This guy's apparently just giving up on it. All right, I'll take it, dude. Sure. I don't mind it, man. I'm on my way. Oh, I was going to try and cast it. That's the fake one, isn't it? I got it. Thank you. And we go top lane. Drake is coming up in a couple seconds. We can take that for sure. I need to get rift maker, which is 500 gold away. It's not that far away anymore, either. Nice. Hmm. I got to outplay this guy. Oh, he had flash. Oh, no, he had flash. I should have seen that happen, man. I don't know. It's fine, whatever. Um I'm like 200 Yeah, I'm literally 200 away. Should I sell D ring? I'm going to sell D ring. I've lost all my my Mejai stacks that I've built up. It's actually really sad. Yeah, we got trade. Also got my item and 15 gold. Okay, we got it, bro. Let's go. Now we can get started. So we're missing one more item. And you know, could be as simple as building Rabbadon's to maximize AP damage. But I'm actually personally I'm thinking about I really like this item, dude. I'm thinking about building it. >> [laughter] >> I I think if I built this item, dude, I don't think I'm going to ever die again. But I'm also thinking about more AP. Since I have like 12 stacks on Mejais, I'll I'll I'll get way more. I can then use Rabbadon's for even more damage. Wait, let me get that rotation. Sure, he walks away. I don't mind it. I've got flash, I don't have to use it. Goodbye. Stick with my Mejais stacks, bro. 22 stacks on Mejai right now. Let's go, dude. Nice. Yeah, I'm thinking like um more AP is the answer, dude. But I'm also thinking about this item right now. Hmm. I I have a tough decision to make. I think I'm just going to build AP, bro. I'll build AP. >> [laughter] >> What is this guy doing up here? I was almost in ignite range. I was very close to that, okay? I'll try and split push botlane out a little bit. I'm thinking about 1v3ing this, but I I I got to be careful with Camille. Camille's the only champ that can beat me right now. Let me check where Yasuo is. Maybe hiding in here. I don't think so, right? No. Okay. I think we got this. Yep. I'll just ignite just to make sure. Next. Got my next one coming up. Thank you. I'm getting very close to Rabadon's build, which is nice. Maybe one Blitz Q is all we need. Unfortunately, no. Just running it down at this point. Oh man. Hey Dark, thank you for the 3 months resub Dark. Thank you so much man for that bro. Thank you man. Drake is coming up in 1 minute. Here we go. I'm going to grab all of this. 40 seconds for Drake. And I need like 400 more so like it's it's unfortunate timing for me cuz the Revenant's build is so much AP that I'm getting. >> [laughter] >> I don't think that I'm able to get it. I I do have teleport so maybe if I speed run it real fast I still need 150 gold so I have to go to run through this wave here. Okay, maybe maybe I can buy the item. Hold on. I'm going to I'm going to teleport so I will be on Drake 100%. I will be. I'm on my way now. Yo, let's go man. We're fast. Keep going. Go go go. Get him. Run. That's enough. Yeah. All right. Let me run through tower. Oh I can get I can get deleted by Camille. So, let me reset first before I decide to do anything again. I've got Dude, I've got so much AP. 2,000 damage, by the way. Uh just saying. 2,000 damage from the new rune. 2,000 damage, man. I'm almost level 22. Got the next wave coming up here. Look at my damage. Look at that, dude. How much damage have I got now? It did 200 on the rune. Okay, wait. Let me just get some HP. Then I'm already again. I've got my ultimate ready. Ready for use. Let's go. Okay, we going in. Oh, no. You cannot be serious, man. You know what's so funny about all of this? Like, the double knock up is so crazy strong. How much AP do you have now? We have 785. We're about to get more AP in a little bit cuz I can still buy a potion for AP and I can still replace my steel caps and get something else. Now, I'm going to be stunned for a while. Oh, no. Okay, I've lost all my AP. Oh, no, man. We went down by like 100 AP. Oh, no. We've been down a lot. Well, I guess it's fine because I've got all my stacks back on the Mejais. I actually think it's over, man. I think it's done. Should I go Zhonya? I'm like 200 away from Zhonya, man. Wait, let me sell this. Yeah, I need like 200, man. 200. And then I'll buy Zhonya. Let me double-check one more time. Yeah. Okay, it's not that much cuz for Zhonya I'll need like Yeah. Like I need just need one jungle camp, which they're not There's not a single jungle camp right now. There's no jungle camps. >> [cough] >> Yeah, if I go Zhonya, I'll have the 40 I'll have the 105 AP, the 50 armor, and then also the effect. So, I'll quickly just grab this. It's a lot of AP that we're going to get. And then we still have the potion that I got to get, which uh includes even more, by the way. Nice. Let's get it. Got the AP. Let's go. We still need to get 25 stacks on the Mejais. So, we've got some We've got a job to do here. Here we go, dude. Full AP. I'm ready. I just need like literally 100 gold. And then I can buy the the AP potion. Okay. Nice. Okay, I can get it. 23 stacks. We now have 909 AP. Let's go back. Get the AP potion. Just got to get back into a fight. We had 900 plus AP, okay? And that was without the potion and we had no 25 stacks on Mejai. Now we have 23, so we can still get two more. We can actually get above 1,000. Here we go, dude. I'm ready, man. I'm ready. Let's wait 15 seconds for Drake. I'm looking forward to the 1,000 AP. I want to see the number. Let's try and catch this guy, bro. Maybe. No, cuz he's just going to walk away. Well, let's go for Drake then, whatever. They can start Drake if they want to. I'm a little bit slow, so I can't reach out this guy. Is that going to be enough for me to reach him? Come on. Just need to get the ignite for the speed. They're getting kited. 974 AP. Ah, no, we never got in range for that. We're just getting kited by the stone actually. Unfortunate. They're actually finishing our base in half. Yeah, we never got him. Okay, more AP. At least we got Drake, that's nice. 45 seconds for old. I still want to get the two stacks from Magia so I can get the 1,000 AP. I'm waiting for it, man. That'll be the most exciting point. Let's go for a team fight. Well, actually we are dealing with the the base right now, which is kind of the issue. I could flash. Yeah, we got to deal with the um with the base itself because of the towers. Sadly. Because Camille can just teleport. Yeah, we got to watch the base, man. We got to watch the base. Let's buy another one of these. I've got my own teleports, I could teleport if needed, but I don't think I could burst Camille, that's the problem. Tower is halfway there. The Shaco is AP, so Shaco doesn't deal like a lot of damage. >> [laughter] >> And then we walk away. Towers are almost back. We're getting there pretty slowly. I don't see Camille. Like they could be doing the Baron, that's the problem. Once they get Baron, like we'll have to go back to fend a bit more. At least the towers they're they're the most important. They have We have to get them back. Yeah. Yeah, it's looking good. I'll just push like another wave down so I don't have to think about this wave anymore. They have Baron, so we just have to accept what it is. Uh one more push. They're going to get our inhib for sure when I do this. But now we don't have to think about bot lane anymore. Towers are gone, which is super good news. Okay, I'm ready. >> I'm getting stunned. Just bad. Yeah, I'm being stunned too much. Well, we we only we could only enjoy the thousand AP for like a couple seconds, man. I think that this match is probably over. I don't think that my team can hold this. Yeah. It's probably over. Play Sage Toplane, guys. Champ is worth playing right now, as you can see. Honestly, really strong. And this is full AP like we didn't even go tank. Um either way, Sage Toplane, thank for watching today's Sage video, and I'll see you guys on the next one. Peace.
