Title: 3 Minute Taliyah Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2LUfa66t9w

Content:
Why play Talia mid? Well, she has amazing area control. She scales into a late game beast. She brings solid wave clear and she has excellent AoE burst damage. However, she is weaker early, especially before level 9, and she is skillshot reliant on landing her combo. Talia's passive is while she's near terrain, she gains bonus movement speed, which lasts for 3 seconds after she's away from the terrain. With how quickly you return back to lane now, this is actually a very solid passive. Talia's Q is a straight line skill shot, which throws five projectiles in a direction. They shatter upon hitting an enemy, dealing damage to nearby enemies and revealing them. Talia can move and cast other abilities while using this and can attack after the third projectile has come out. After use, it leaves a circle on the ground for 30 seconds. While inside this area, the next use of Q only costs 10 mana and has half the cool down refunded. And it's a straight line skill shot, which explodes upon hitting the first enemy, but only fires one projectile, dealing increased damage and slowing enemies hit. Talia's W places down a circle on the floor, and then you choose a direction. After a short delay, the circle erupts, knocking all enemies in that direction. Talia's Eve places down a field of stones on the floor, which deal damage to enemies hit. The stones then remain there for 4 seconds, slowing enemies in the area. Enemies that try to dash through it or are knocked over it, for example, by her W, take damage and become stunned. Talia's ultimate summons a long line of terrain, which knocks aside champions hit. Upon casting, if Talia recasts the ability, she surfs along the wall where if she chooses to move, she can jump off early and does so automatically if CCd. For combos, start with Q before using E and W. From here, simply attack away using Q as often as possible. And if engaging with ultimate, use alt and jump off when needed into E, W, and Q before attacking away. For matchups, Talia is great into champions who rely on dashing as they will simply stun themselves on your kit. However, she can struggle into champions who rely more on blinks or simply outrange her. For runes, take this. Phase rush allows you to keep kiting and spamming out more abilities. For build order, start ring and pot into an archangel and tier 2 boots. From here, a crystal scepter and Leandreas are great pickups before finishing a build with any of these as needed. For skill order, start Q, then E, then W before maxing Q, then E, then W, taking alts whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flashing ghost. However, teleport and ignite both also work very well. Starting the game, your main focus is going to be on farming hard and completing your mid lane quest as soon as possible. Talia's early game is not the strongest, however, she does have some solid wave clear. Against other ranged champions, you'll normally have to play slightly defensively, poking away with E and Q as often as you can and making sure to have the wave pushed. However, against melee champions, you can play far more aggressively, especially if they rely on dashing, they simply won't be able to get onto you without stunning themselves on your E. At this stage, you don't win many 1v ones. However, pushing out the lane and using your ultimate to roam to kill a side laner is very strong. Entering the mid game, your bot lane will come mid, which puts you in a side lane. You're very happy to keep up your golden experience from here, so just keep pushing it out and grouping back with your team. Entering late game team fights, play the backline mage going for a frontto back play style, which is essentially where you just attack anything in front of you. Be careful with your E placement as it is a lot of your damage and safety. And if something squishy walks within your W range, simply pop them. You can use your ultimate for engage or keep it to chase down fleeing enemies.
