Title: How to Master Katarina and Climb Low Elo In Depth Guide │ Mid Lane Detailed Guide │League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0tXh171QEw

Content:
All right. So, here's another video that many of you guys have been wanting, which is um the runes, the build, specifically the runes, conqueror, electrocute, is it uh dark harvest. Uh I'm going to seal all the doubters. Now, long story short, electrocute for the most part is what I would recommend for 90% of people. Why, you may ask? It's the easiest room to use. Obviously, dark harvest, you basically, if you have no interaction in your lane and everyone is squishy, sure, but I feel like for the most part, it's between conqueror and electrocute. I I want you to forget about Dark Harvest right now. Unless you're smurfing in low elo, you would never go dark harvest because you're basically down a rune page. Electrocute is the easiest rune to use, man. All you have to do is land a Q and then literally hit an E and you that's electrocute done or Q EO or EO2 Q where there are so many things you can do with electrocute. The problem with conqueror is that like let's go over here like this is emerald plus. Okay, this is Emerald Plus for this uh for 15.6 patch 15 15.16. If you go here, electrocute has always and will always consistently have a higher win rate. Like let's go to the to the last path. 15 whatever where the [ __ ] is it? 15.15 as well. Let's scroll down again. Look, that's like a 2% increase. And it's and the problem here is that electrocute has more games and it still has a better win rate. And you guys might be wondering why because conqueror doesn't work that well on mid lane. It it needs a really good setup and a good player. Because mid lane is not that big of a lane. You need to run down the enemy from your turret until their turret and that's not that big of a gap. Especially if they have CC or if they have dashes. It's not it's not that possible to fully execute your conqueror until you're level six. So, in terms of like trading patterns, it's not it's not that good. So, if you want to go conqueror, I would recommend going for the AD build that I've been trying out. I've posted so much about it and it's really good. I personally like the AP build more, but the AD build after the buffs are pretty good. I'm going to I'm going to go into a custom game and I'm going to show you guys the builds. I'm going to show you guys exactly what you're supposed to go, when, how, and everything. Okay. All right. Just decrease the volume. Okay. So, let's talk about the builds. I I have this like in a nice very simple terms. If you want to go AP, you're going to start you're going to start with this, right? I feel like this is the best build. The only thing that you can change, always go lie bane first and if you can go for boots second. Sometimes you have to rush boots first by the way into matchups where uh you can't get on top of the enemy that quickly and you want to be roaming after. It's really good. But for the most part, Lichbane into Sorc Boots is really good. If you guys don't have a front line and you're struggling with like killing people, going for Zna second instead of third is really is really really good. It gives you so much flexibility. Most of the time I would recommend to go for Shadow Flame then Za. But just in these kind of scenarios where you don't have a front line or they have like a bunch of assassins, Za second is a really good even if you're snowballing. I promise you I've made that mistake and I was like fine, it's fine. I can go shadow flame. Trust me, if there's a Z mid lane and a and a Rengar jungle and a Pike support, you need Za second so you can actually continue your snowball or they can easily just pick you off. Okay. And in the very very very rare situations where you're able to go for death cap second or third, I would highly recommend ignore everything else. Let's say like you've been forced to stay on the map and you're just constantly getting kills and you actually have the money to get death cap, then you would buy it. Whether it's second or third item, if you can fully purchase, if you can fully purchase death cap or you don't have enough money to get a full item, but you can get a double rod, then you would get double rod. But if you're able to cuz usually you would already base and you have one rod, so you'd be able to get cheddar flame. But like those are rare scenarios cuz death gap is very expensive. That's why I'm telling you like it's a very rare scenario where you're able to actually build this second or third item. Usually it would be usually death cap would be your fourth item unless you're like crazy snowballing and you have magi on like 25 stacks then that's that's something completely different. But for the most part your build is going to consist of lichbane into shadow flame into za. You don't have a front line. They have a lot of assassins. You're going to go Lichbane, Zna into Shadow Flame, and then they're stacking a lot of magic resist, you can go for void staff into death cap. You don't have that much, then you can go death cap into like any other AP item. Doesn't really matter. Not really. I hope that's clear. Then you have the the AD build. AD build 90% of the time you'd be going flash DP, conqueror, and you would go for this start. You would always go for long sword refill. And now you guys might be wondering that I thought this was the build people always go for. After the buffs, people have realized that Kraken has been like performing really well going first item, especially when there are no tanks. If there are no tanks, this is the build. And I have tried it many, many times. And I'll show you guys even after this like how really good this build is. The one with no tanks, you care a lot about the you care a lot about the boots. But for the one with no for with two three tanks, you don't give a [ __ ] about the boots because you're just going for full damage. You want to get Bor into Kraken into Terminus. That's your core item. And then 90% of the time you would go for like Yeah, 90% of the time, I'd say you'd go for Titanic Hydra so you can have the HP. 600 HP is crazy, by the way, from that item. It's really, really, really good. But 90% of the time, you would go for those three core items. And then the ones with no tanks, you would go for Kraken into Boots, Sundered Sky, Death Dance, Terminus, and then everything else is like very situational. 90% of the time you would go for these unless they have like a rare scenario of 4 AP. But if they don't have 4 AP, then you would 90% of the time opt for this build always. This gives you so much durability. This gives you a lot of durability. This increases your damage, more damage and durability. It's literally it's the most bruiser build you can ever have. And Kraken just makes it more of a oneshotting build after the buffs. I feel like this is a really this is a more balanced build in terms if you want to go every single game. This is the the best build. This is more again against tanks cuz this shreds tanks shreds shreds gives you HP and on hit and h and AD. So, this is specifically when there's like a Nautilus support and a Darius top lane and a Sichuani jungle, then this build definitely shreds more. This build would not be shredding that much. That's why I said when there are no tanks or one tank, I would say honestly, if there's one tank or zero, like let's say only a Nautilus support and then there's like a [ __ ] cannon top lane, you can easily just go for this and you're good. This is this is fine. But two and more I'm I would highly recommend just going for this. There's no avoiding them. Especially if the other tank is a top laner, you might have to be dealing with them and most of the time you would be taking TP when you're going for this build cuz you're playing to scale cuz you get really strong once you get Kraken in this build and you get really strong when you get Borc here. They're both equally as good. Especially Bor. Bork is a really good gap closer because of the slow it has. And this has a lot of like on hit. It's it's really good. I feel like I've covered everything that I really needed to do. The only thing left here is um what is it called? I want to show you guys the combos. Okay, I'm going to show you guys how to set up in in laning phase and then I'll show you guys outside of laning phase like with a dummy. Okay, usually 90% of the time when you're level one, all you want to do is either throw the queue on the opponent if you're trying to chunk them down or try to hit the three Q's on the first minions. Right? Very simple. And then if you guys for I'm just going to explain this in the most simplistic way possible. The Q will always mirror where she is. If she's over here, it's going to go the other direction. You see how it's going to end up right here and you just E on top of it. Very simple, right? Electrocute is really one of the easiest ones to land. Let's say your opponent's right here. Obviously, he won't be standing still, but throw Q. It will be on top of him. Go for an auto. That's literally how easy it is to proc this cuz you're always going to after you land your E, you there's going to be an auto attack right after. That's why there's this auto cancellation thing. There's an auto attack reset when you click your E. That's why when you E onto someone, it will always like it will always be easy to land your other auto attack. So, now that we're we've shown this, I want to show you guys here some some combos that you can do. Basically, how you want to be doing this, there are so many combos. There's QE auto, right? Is there any way to like reset my rune? Actually, I feel like it doesn't matter. Like it's still point stands. E auto Q. You have EWQ, which is like most of the time you would want to opt for this, which is the E W. Boom. Boom. This is the best combo for for Katarina. E auto, WQ, O2, EO2, gagger, E auto, and then ulti or just ulti anywhere in between. So many resets that you guys can see. Try to auto attack in between. Like these those al attacks really do add up. Trust me. Especially in the early game when you're skirmishing on mid lane. They really do add up. And then you have once you're ahead and the enemy doesn't have CC, you can literally just that's literally all you need to do if they don't have CC obviously, but most of the time you would have to E and then use your W to dodge something and then be always trying to move sideways when you're going through your combos. Like you see, I'm always like moving sideways when I want to do something. I go I always fade away after I use my daggers. I got E and then move away, fade away, and then go back. So they don't expect when that was. I can easily bait it like this, like AW, and then move like this, bait an ability, and then go back in. Get get what I mean? There's a lot of mind games when it comes to the dagger, especially when you're like just put a dagger up and then they think that they're safe, so they like many times, I swear to God, many times they get intimidated and they try to like they try to like bait your E and they like do this and they do this. Once you once you like master Katarina, you will time that so well. they won't be able to dodge it. They won't be they will think that they can dodge it and then they're going to die cuz you choose where the where you land on the dagger whether it's this tip or that one over there. So they they don't they don't really expect it. Trust me, it's really really good. I feel like that covers everything. The only thing that I I would say is left is conqueror. I'll show Conqueror in the game because it's not really realistic for me to show you in the custom game. All I know is that it takes quite some time to proc in the early game for you to get any value. You would have wasted all your abilities and you were left with your auto attacks to actually proc your conqueror, which most people when they have conqueror, they're stronger than Katarina. That's just how they are. Silus is stronger. Yona is stronger. Yaso was stronger. But you're just talking a pure brawl and conqueror. Cuz many people are telling me they they were um they were questioning why you would take short trades with Conqueror. You would always want to take a short trade and not get traded back. That's the point. Trying to like E and go for a short trade and then E out. That's that's the whole point. And then you would go for an all-in long trade. The difference is that when you go electrocute, you're going for constant short trades like two, three, four. With conqueror, you try to go for one or two and then you go for an all-in. Usually, it's one short trade into an all-in. That's all it takes. One good short trade and then you can easily go for an all-in. But from 100 HP, you're both 100 HP and you want to go for an all-in, you're going to get [ __ ] nine times out of 10, bro. Nine times out of 10, you're going to you're going to lose that, bro. Anyways, let's get into a game and show you guys the AP and the AD variation. All right, so this is going to be the AP variation. And this is I don't want to say a tough matchup. Many people struggle with with this matchup because he neutralizes the matchup and many people were telling me first strike is going to be really good or like they go first strike into this matchup guys. We're not in like [ __ ] 2021 when first strike was actually good. Don't ever run this [ __ ] please. I'll show you guys how to actually play this lane. Basically, how you're going to play this lane, especially if you're going Electrocute. All you have to do try to play for level two and then keep spamming your Q's because if you guys didn't know, his passive does not come up if you keep on spamming him with Q's. So, you're going to eventually make him low and then go for these short trades. Very simple. That's why I was telling you this is an amazing rune. I highly recommend that you guys go for electrocute over anything. And this is another combo I showed you guys. E auto Q. And now there's a potential kill over here because I'm gonna hit level three before him. We're going to go in level up timers. Fade away. Boom. Exactly how I taught you guys. Especially the fadeaway, guys. Moving away. And then going back in. Always do that. And now that we got the kill, we don't need to really kill this guy again. We got our lead. Nothing. Don't tunnel vision on trying to kill your laner laner so much. There are so many people that tell me, "Oh, but I killed my laner like 7 million times and I lost my game." No [ __ ] bro. Because you're literally trying to play for lane only when you're mid lane. You have access to every single lane. The main reason I engaged here, by the way, because he has no ignite and my Silus pinged me on the way. Get my reset. Run away. Always fade away. You see how I always run away when I want to use my dagger. I always run away. And boom. Just like that. Very simple. We got both of their their kills. They lost so much tempo out of this. And my jungler got a lot of tempo. You want to shove this wave so that you don't miss anything. And yeah, chuck a word right in the center so that you get info whether Gallio is going to roam or not. And we just base here. All right. So now that we have a lead, we're just going to either be farming or bait this guy into thinking he can kill us because he's probably really emotional right now. And that's that's another kill because then he's not going to be respecting the gank a lot. So yeah, you can always flee around that. Again, killing him is not really a big priority. But it seems Silus really likes me. So I'm just going to keep on following whenever he wants to do any of these kind of plays cuz I'm really strong. So we can easily 2v2. Even if Kane comes, it's not going to be even close. And that's we pick up another kill. We're going to shove this wave. And thing is, we're 8 Z right now. So, I don't really need to roam or anything. Don't force roams or force anything unless you see the enemy bot lane low or you see top lane overextending, anything of that sort. If there's nothing on that case, like you see bot lane, there is no one top lane, my already based, there's no one, I'm just going to go grab the plating and then go for a base. Once I get a lich bane, I become active. active just basically means I be that's it's my power spike which is basically what I'm getting right now. That's why I went for the third plating now that I have lichbane. I'm going to be all over the map and I don't care about killing Gallio anymore. Okay, so I'm going to try to hit top lane. Maybe I can kill him or I can catch Kane off guard because Grubbies is up. So we have to keep that in mind. Maybe I can kill him if he goes for this. So we'll just wait a little bit. There he is. I'm not going to I would have loved to kill him, but we still stopped them from taking Grubbies. That's That's honestly all we needed to do. We're going to use the cone so that he runs even further. Ping my sila so that he can take this. It doesn't matter if this guy's chunking me down. At has pryo s the cane is no longer here. So, this is supposed to be at least two free grubbies. So, it's a it's a it's a win-win for us. So, even though I lost my lane pryo right now, which again doesn't really matter cuz I already got the lead I I needed, I don't need to kill this guy anymore. I don't need any lane pryo. So, don't like don't feel upset that oh, I'm no longer killing Gallo anymore because Gallo is building tank and he's now building magic resist for me. We have AD Atrix, AD Vain, so he's going to get shreked by both of these people. My priority is not to kill s not to kill it's not to kill Gallio. He has four other squishies which I am going to make a living nightmare out of. And finally, after 10 minutes, we're finally getting our first big room. Holy [ __ ] There we go. Bro, this was the most [ __ ] stale and pale and boring start to a game, man. I was just bullying Gallia over and over again and then no one was overextending. And you have to be patient. You don't want to be forcing these kind of plays. The only place you can force is the ones where are for objectives where you force the enemies to walk up and then you punish them. But not forcing. If you force a roam when they're not low or they're not pushing, chances are the jungler could be nearby. You could get outplayed. Like there there's a very good chance. So better safe than sorry. You don't want to force any of these kind of plays. Now we'll try to roam bot lane. Maybe we'll see how that goes. Going to be spaming my team. This is free. This is literally free. Doesn't matter if they flash this. Doesn't matter. Ulti. Boom. Eign Ignite. Don't even need Ignite, bro. She [ __ ] She disappeared. Well, yeah. So, now you see how we won mid lane. We didn't tunnel vision too much on killing Gallo. We killed Kane. We stopped Kane from taking Grubies. So, we were able to get Grubbies. We got priority on mid lane. Priority for top lane. We killed him. Now, we went bot lane securing Drake. got a double kill. I think I think we got one kill and our team got a kill. But point is we killed bot lane. So, you see how we're extending our lead to our team. We're not focusing too much on just us getting all the kills or us only it's not only about me basically, you know, you have to think about your whole team. You try to get your whole team ahead and this it's going to make your life so much easy. Makes your life so much easier. You don't have to be the main character. Um, I don't think that he's going to expect me to be here because he just saw our bot fight. So, maybe I can kill this guy over here. And I have my ulti. Remove his uh turrets. Take our time here. He needs some time to actually set up his uh his himer dinger turrets. Boom. No problem. Once I get on top of him, he's just dead. So, this is Oh my god. He fl That's 100% a flash, by the way. That's 1 million% a flash. No one's going to convince me. Ain't no way this guy got that far without [ __ ] flashing. Oh my god. Well, it's fine. Does he have Ignite? Uh, does he have Zagna? If he has no Za, he's literally ining here. We just bait him. You see, you see how we baited his abilities? It's fine. He ignites. And uh honestly, I'm not I'm not going to sugarcoat this. That was [ __ ] so bad. I'm not going to lie. I have magis like on on the on the bigger side. Like I guess Atrox was able to pressure mid lane from this. But in terms of like value for me, it's not that worth because I lost a lot of Magi stacks. But again, it's not all about me. So honestly, it's it's it's worth overall because mid lane tower is really important. We forced we forced Himerdinger flash and Himerdinger ignite. Forced Kane to come topside so bot lane were having a an easy time. So overall it's it's pretty good. Not for me though, but for the whole team. You always have to think of the whole team. Like I took electrocute for my team. I didn't take electrocute for Gallio. Most people would take conqueror or or first strike into this matchup, but I say it so many times. get you do your build and your pick your build and runes based on the enemy team, not on your laner. Always do that and you're going to have a much easier time. Trust me. At this point, I just want to close the game as fast as possible. I just want to focus them. Get hopefully he dies. Get Jinx out of the game as fast as possible and close the game before she actually scales. big problem that most people do in low elo, they don't end the game as fast as possible and they like drag it out. They always I see it so often I thought he was about to miss the third. I see it so much in low elo where they literally a game that's supposed to be winnable by like minute 20, they extend it to minute 30 and they either lose from an elder steel or it's it's just not worth it, man. thing is I know they don't do it like on purpose but like you guys have to like increase your knowledge gap in these kind of areas because I swear most of the time dragging out the game is just not to your favor especially if you're win if you're winning. It's just not what you want to be doing. I don't know. Is this a good fight? I don't know. It looks fine. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It looks fine. He missed his E as well. I'm I'm going to engage for the team so that they have space, by the way. That's why I'm engaging. And it worked out. Again, I'm not the main character. You don't always have to be like, "Oh, I'm the main character." It It might work out, it might not work out, but we we took that fight without Atrox, by the way. But because no one was engaging, I had to I had to not engage, but like start the fight for the team and give them space, you know? [Music] In any case, it's literally in our favor, though. Like, we're literally forcing flashes and exhausts and heals and everything. So, next fight, these guys are going to get toast. And it might be a It looks like a free top tower as well. So, we're slowly but surely like making them crumble. And we're going to get a free drake here as well. I guess I'll try to secure it for the team. Yeah, we kill Kane. Now, it's supposed to be a free drake. I don't know why they didn't take it, but now this is definitely a free drake. The jungler's dead and I'm just going to now that they know I took that word. They're not going to walk up. They're going to be scared of me, which is normal. And yeah, my main focus here is I either kill Jinx or to kill Kane cuz Kane is like killing my team and Jinx deals a lot of backline damage. Oh, there's Kane. Come here. Let's go. We killed their assassin. And now my team is supposed to feel way more comfortable walking up because they don't have that oneshot uh threat. That has to be like a huge thing. Um if we're able to get bot tower that would be good, but I don't know. This looks very awkward. I think we should just go for a mid inhib here. Yeah, I think it's a 4v5, so I'm not really too scared here. Especially with Vain. This is like very easy. If I had Zna, honestly, guys, I feel like in this game, I should have went znagna. I thought the game would close out faster than this. I know it's still minute 23, but I thought this game would finish like before minute 20. If I had Zia, it definitely would cuz basically with Za, I can I can force an engage on Jinx. Either kill her or force the Janna alt or Jana exhaust and then I would click Za and then my Vain can engage a truck, Silus, so much more. But now I have I have seekers arm guard. So I guess it's fine. But then I just didn't think too much about it because I thought the game would be over. But I guess I guess not. You get so surprised. By the way, it's 30 to 11. 20 kill gap, by the way, guys. And this game didn't finish before minute 20. It's crazy. I don't know, man. They actually stole Elder, by the way. But because of how strong we are, it it's not even it's not even close. Like they they stole Elder from us. They they just die here, man. I swear like this was like the most annoying game I've ever played. E. My god. Some games are not in your hand to like finish as fast as possible, especially if your team does not help you with that. They really wanted every single objective. But yeah, let's um let's move on to the AD build now. So, this is the AD build. Now, you start with long sword and uh refill 90% of the time. And you could definitely go conqueror first and then the second tree is honestly really flexible. I just knew this is a free matchup. That's why I went for full scale. Basically, you're going to play for level three, which I taught you guys in my fundamentals guide. If you guys didn't check didn't watch that, check that out. I'll link it in the description. But basically, what you're going to do now is just try to last hit on farm. And then now that the second wave has crashed towards me, that means I'm going to hit level three before him because the minion wave is on me. So that means the minion wave is going to come closer to me before it actually goes to him. That's all that means. So he's not he's going to be scared to walk up for the CS. So we can just chill and then once we're level three, we're going to try to engage on him. don't need to necessarily kill him. But as long as we deal a big blow, it's going to decide this matchup because a lot of the time in fighter matchups, boom, go for a nice trade. If he takes it, I'm going to all in him. Yep. Auto eo. And he's just dead. Look at that. Perfect. This is this is how you're supposed to utilize conqueror because if you're not able to fully all in someone like this it's it's really bad especially if it's against another conqueror champion it would be really bad but it worked out in our favor here and what we're trying to build here is Borg definitely first item and maybe it might be Borc Kraken Terminus because they have uh they have Volibear and they have um Garen so we don't really have anyone who can shred them. So that's why I'm going to step up there because we don't have a vein or like a Jinx that can hyper carry. We have Kai'Sa who's probably building on hit or AP and that's not going to be enough to actually melt them. So that I'm going to step up and be the one dealing that damage. So we'll see how it goes. For now, doesn't look too good for our team, but maybe. Actually, never mind. It's kind of even. It's kind of even. And I'm winning lane as well. So, I'm just pinging her because my laner is missing. It's honestly it's it's even, but it's it's more towards the enemies because Volibear is just really good at snowballing because of his CC and how fast he is. Go for a nice short trade. I talk about this so much. Boom. Boom. We're going to auto and then E out. I didn't even think he would ignite, but we forced an ignite. You see how we we took a short trade and then ran away. Now that he has no ignite, he lost so much pressure. And even if Hecrim didn't come here, he would have died. Auto. Yeah. Amazing. Even if Hecrim didn't come here, I was going to kill him. He doesn't have Ignite. I had the level lead. It was It was going to be inevitable. He's He was going to either base or die, one or the other. But yeah, um this is possible to carry. My team is kind of doing bad, but I don't want to force anything until I get bor cuz with AD, you're you're really weak until you get bor. Um, there's nothing really much to do. I've just been farming. I'm just trying to get my CS as high as I can. What the [ __ ] Why is this guy not moving? Okay, I think this is a free kill. I was just baiting him and that's why I walked up. And we're going to ignite and then just go on Volibear. If he runs, then it's fine. I just want to shove this. I only cared about killing uh Talon because if he dies, then I'm able to push the wave and deny him CS. Um I'm really close to getting Bor. I already have it. Yeah, I already have Bork. Amazing. And I already have magical boots, so I already have the movement speed. Oh, this is this is really good, guys. Now, whoever I jump on is 100 1 million% dead unless they flash. The slow from Bork is is insane, by the way. It gives you so much kill pressure. You'll see during these duels. Is anyone going to walk up? Oh, all right. I didn't expect him to be here. Holy [ __ ] bro. The Echo came perfect. Why the [ __ ] is Ekko support? Oh my god. I didn't even know, man. The [ __ ] where he he came out of nowhere. I was surprised. those like is is is he the jungler echo support man what what is this guy's bro watches jala banan or I don't know that's like the he's like a Korean really good really good echo he doesn't he doesn't even play him support though so I don't know like why does it feel like my team is like not cooking at all oh my god she walked back into that why does it feel like my team is hard losing I don't know it's going to be this is going to probably a hard game. I need to get my all my three core items in order to get active this game. It doesn't doesn't look like my team is going to be helping me here in in any way. Ireel is getting caught here. No one's around. He could have rotated, but doesn't look like I don't know. I feel like he could have rotated, but it's whatever. Basically, I'm just going to be playing to scale. The moment I die, this game might die. By the way, I because if I die, I'm losing so much tempo. I want to stay alive for as long as I can. I'm just going to be side laning and picking off kills with Bork. There's This guy's 100% dead. Yeah. And he know he know he just gave up. He's like, "Yeah, like allow it, bro. Allow it, man." Nah, man. Not on my watch. I know I'm going to be sometimes giving up objectives for this, but I need my core items to get active this game. Trust me. My team is really weak right now and my only hope is my top laner which is Ireelia. Ireelia is doing really good and she got tower as well. I don't know what this guy's doing but I have to put a lot of faith in Ireelia and Hecrim definitely will be a I'm I'm really glad that we have a engage. So it makes my my life so much easier. So let me try to help her. Doesn't look like I can. Well, at least we get the kill though. I have full conqueror stacks if this guy comes for this fight. Okay, he's just going to run. I just kept it active in case he was thinking about running back in. That's why I didn't want to cancel it too fast. Even if it looks awkward, it's fine. Let's just hit it a few times and then run away. Get the shove in and then go for a drake so that we can get pryo for lane. We force someone to grab the wave. Doesn't it doesn't look like anyone's on break, so I'm just going to force this tower. He can't do anything, by the way. If he walks up, he will die. I'm just going to base here. We have a lot of money. Well, now that we have Kraken. Oh boy. But we're going to We were going to be tapping them. I just have to click alt. Look at this. I thought she was going to go ulti towards her side, not our side, but sure. We got two picks. We got Drake. Now we Now we have tempo. By the way, this is our first time actually getting tempo. Bro, it felt like we were we were like up two kills and or three kills, but it did not feel like we were ahead. I swear it always felt like we were we were behind. Now it feels like we're finally ahead. I don't Can I actually kill this guy? Oh, never mind. Oh, never mind. He flashes. I'm going to I used my auto eo so I can proc pork. You saw that? I'm kind of going to be baiting him and taking my time here. Oh, bro. This guy is like doesn't want anyone except me. Go for a short trade. Boom. Eel. I I wanted to take it really slow because he if he clicks alti at some point I die, bro. I was like really close to the execute threshold. Like I said, the moment I die, this game will die. I have to be really careful, guys. Trust me, when you're the only one fed like this with a lot of tempo, you need to not die. Really, just not dying is the best thing you can do. Ireelia has been split pushing all game and she's after 15 minutes, she's finally getting value and where she's like actually inhibing. Like she has a lead, but she's not fighting with us, which is it's not it's not a must, but at least she was actually able to inhibit them. Like she's literally, bro, she took two tier towers. Look at this. Like she's actually doing work on the side lane. If she wasn't doing any work, it would have been quite a quite a problem. But now that we have B, Krak, Terminus, which was the core items that I was telling you guys about, we're good to go in terms of damage dealing. We don't have m we're kind of glass cannon right now, but we will deal a whole lot of damage if we thing is the reason I say that I I like AP more than AD is because AD is so reliant on enemies not having much CC or you evading that CC and you rely so much on ulti damage. Your daggers deal no damage when you go AD by the way. So you have to keep that in mind. you literally are relying on an amazing alti that will chunk most of their HP or help you get your first reset because you need a lot of auto attacks in but it does not it does not like it's not enough the auto attacks are really not enough like if you don't have what the [ __ ] bro this guy is just tilted like I don't know he's acting like an iron player now I literally played yesterday against like a challenger a challenger Ivvern and after we tilted him I swear to God this guy it felt like he was [ __ ] iron. I swear you I I'll make a video about it separately but I swear to God guys he was a challenger and I I made light work of this guy he was so [ __ ] tilted. But anyways, let's just get back to the video. Um I'm going to bait this guy even if I have to flash. Oh boy. And there we go. Nice. We aced him. Might be a baron angle. Actually, if the team doesn't want to go for it, then it's fine. Well, let's start the limit test here. I want to fight the whole team. Let's see. Will they Okay, they will take the bait. Look at my ulti. Look at my damage. He used the stun. Look, bro. Like, guys, you can't tell me this. This is balanced, bro. I'm telling you, once you have these three core items, but like you see, once I don't have ulti, I feel like I feel so weak. Oh my god, look. I died. Okay, I got a quadrakill. But like you see, the second I don't have ulti, I lose so much damage. Well, I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please make sure to comment, like, and subscribe if you like this kind of content. If you guys want me to do anything else, make sure to drop a comment or message me on my Discord link in the description. Um, that's it for this video. Love you all and peace.
