Title: MORDEKAISER TOP IS UNFAIR AND EVERYONE HATES IT (NEW META) - 2026 Mordekaiser TOP Gameplay Guide
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgUAOTXmUXY

Content:
Here for tomorrow. All right, guys. Welcome back to another YouTube video. So, we're once again playing some Mordekaiser in the top lane again. We're playing Mordekaiser today versus Garen lane. And for runes, we got conqueror page, triumph, alacrity, we got last stand, bone plating, and then we also want overgrowth. I really like this match up actually. Both champions are doing really good um in the current patch. Garen is like um S-tier right now. Mordekaiser is also incredibly strong. I'll show you like how easy this match up can be. Um the way how we're going to win is very simple. We're going to try and like spam Q from a distance. We have the advantage in terms of the positions. Like we can land my my combo at a certain like distance where Garen cannot reach me. Nice. I could proc my passive here. If he charges Q into me, I don't mind it. Well, I've already got him. A lot of people don't know this, but Mordekaiser at level one is actually really strong. And that's because if you can land a single Q on a target, you actually deal increased damage. And on the third like uh attack, you also have your passive uh which also helps you out too. A lot of people don't know this. Mordekaiser is strong uh stronger than you think, man. So, go ahead. We uh push this out. We go back. Nice. Um first things first, we are building specifically going to go dark seal. Sounds a bit of weird, but I'm going to show you why. And we also start building the uh one and only dusk and dawn build. Uh let's go with further ruby here. I've been doing a lot of experimenting with builds. And um dusk and dawn build, it's uh slowly becoming my favorite, man. It's a good build. It's a really good build. Actually, well, I'm building dusk and dawn pretty much in everything right now because this item is just so broken. Like all champions >> [snorts] >> can utilize it. If there's a champion that uses some kind of AP on scaling, like it probably will work if it can use the sheen proc also. Okay. I'm going to hold it. Yeah, there you go. Ah, I should not consider. I'm going to let my passive stay out of the wave. There you go. This is a very important moment because if we allow the wave to not get hit by my passive, it's going to continuously like push into me. And now the only thing that Garen can do is by using his own passive or resetting for HP cuz he's already like very low HP, right? So, we'll just allow the wave to uh bounce into my direction right now. It's going to make Garen like fall behind really far. It's going to be great for me, man. Uh by the way, worth uh worth mentioning here, they have Shyvana jungle. Uh Shyvana jungle is not that strong in the other game. She becomes a champion after she gets ult. So, if you ever see Shyvana in the enemy team, like don't worry too much. That champion is super weak, man. He's not that strong. I'm going to hold my grab because I see the cannon up here. Yeah, there you go. So, our basically our only job here is to spam QE and hit auto attack whenever we can without taking any damage. Because one thing that Garen has, which we don't, is really strong sustain. We have a little bit of sustain on my W, but it's not as strong um as the uh Garen passive is. Is he flaming his jungler? Dude, when I see people standing standing like that, 99% chance they're flaming his jungler. I'm telling you, bro. 99% chance. Let me see if I can freeze this cuz he's dropping everything. >> [screaming] >> Are you kidding me? Ah, he dodged everything. Oh, he's placing ward downs. Yeah, he placed the ward down in the bush. I could tell that. Okay. We're just going to be holding the wave like this. Ah I'm just going to have to ping that because there's a ward right there. I'm about to get the level up, so it's not going to take that much longer until we can get him again. This cannon should give me the level up. There you go. Instant level up. Instant cast. He's not side stepping my ability, fortunately. Nice. Goodbye, buddy. I'll just ignite. It's fine. Now we push it out as far as we can. Nice. Let's uh grab like one a single plate here. We also didn't need to worry about Shyvana yet. Surprisingly. I don't know, man. We're not seeing Shyvana yet. She's like playing mostly on mid lane and bot lane. Uh let's go ahead. I want to go for sheen proc, but I will go for this one first. Uh I might just sell this one. Let's go for this one. I I just want to have HP and ability haste. Those are like really important things. Okay. You guys asking about the jack-of-all-trades rune? Not that useful on Mordekaiser. Like you could make it work. I've never done it because there's like the resolve tree which I usually go for. In my opinion, like Mordekaiser with the resolve tree is better than if you go into the uh inspiration tree. Like I guess you can make jack-of-all-trades work because you're building a different variety of items. I think you could probably max it, but yeah, Mordekaiser doesn't really need it. The bone plating and second wind and all these things in the resolve tree is just very important. And sold it. Yeah, this guy can't really play anymore. If he tries anything, like I can go back in again. We just want to try and stack it up. We have a We have a level lead, but also item advantage. And uh by the way, also worth men- uh mentioning, we have a dark seal with like two stacks on him. Ooh. All right. I'm going to go in, bro. Like I'll take this as an opportunity. Nice. Well, we could maybe keep going. I've got ult in like 3 seconds, so like sure. Yeah. Well, we got him for sure, man. He's got nowhere to go. Goodbye. >> [laughter] >> He doesn't even want to bother anymore. All right. My apologies, man, playing Mordekaiser top lane. You don't get to play the game. Nice. After we push this, I'm going to go back immediately. I I need to get my next item. Oh, whoops. I lose like one last hit. Whatever. Yep, let's go for the sheen proc. Uh we are 230 gold away from getting the dusk and dawn build, which is super positive. Uh by the way, also got four stacks on dark seal. We got that, too. All right, man. Massive item difference. There's no way we can lose this anymore, bro. Just saying. If Shyvana is going to try and go top lane, I will just 1v2 cuz I can separate myself from the 1v2 with my ult. So, I'll never lose this part of the match. I'll have to try really hard, though. Once again, we got the wave like bounce my direction. Um we could consider like pushing the wave out to get the dusk and dawn build. However, it's Garen we're talking about. His wave clear is crazy. So, I might respect it. Okay. Let's keep holding it like this. It's actually a massive fight. Team is winning, which is nice. Just keep holding it. You guys saying that Garen still has a chance to snowball? I kind of doubt it, man. I kind of doubt it. At like as long as I You see this value that I have here? The 250? If I don't feed that value away, he's not going to make a comeback. He simply will not be able to. I'm ulting because my jungler is on the way. Well, I guess no jungler needed. I already win. So, uh one of the best things I can um one of the best tips I can give you if you're playing Mordekaiser is to use your ultimate to get your jungler close to you. Right? One of the best things about Mordekaiser, there's nothing that your opponent can do if you use your ultimate like that because they can't run. They have to wait it out, and then your jungler can position himself uh for the the 2v1. Okay. We got dusk and dawn build. Look at the amount of stacks we have on the dark seal. It's amazing. Um also, 1 second. All right, I'm back. Nice man. Once again, the wave is like in the center. That's good. The wave is like continuously like pushing my direction, which means like Garen cannot play the game. >> [clears throat] >> Let's keep holding it. He's he can't go for that last hit. Ooh, he's trying it. Oh, he's trying to sidestep my my combo. All right, buddy. Oh. Nice try. So, another funny thing you can do is you can actually hold your abilities. So, if they try to sidestep, well, good luck sidestepping because I'm not throwing my ability until he stops like sidestepping, right? Um apparently some dude is like going top lane to try and uh one v two me? Be my guest. Go top lane, please. I'm ready for the one v two, bro. Please. Um Mordekaiser, you can't actually uh go top lane. So, yeah, sure. I don't mind it. Try it. Well, enemy team is not going to try it, of course. Would be uh a bad mistake if they do. I'm going to drop my combo on this one. All right. I sent him a message with that play right there. Let's uh go ahead push this out. Nice. Let's go for the the tower. There you go. We got it. And after we take this wave, I think I'll buy uh I'll buy the Rylai for the for the slow. Yeah. All righty. Yeah, we're going to go back to base. 2,000 golds that we can use. Now, of course, you can tell what I'm going to build. I think that's an obvious one. Uh pretty much Mordekaiser with uh the Rylai build. It's it's like standard at this point. You want to have it every game. Like regardless of what it is that you're up against, so. I could take the red buff, but I don't think I will. I'm not going to steal red buff. I don't think that the enemy jungle is going to steal it. I don't know. I don't think so. All right. Let's push it out again. This Garen was scared to like push it out cuz he thought I was here here again. Very nice. Uh we could maybe steal the blue buff. You know, if the Shyvana's going to appear, we can probably one v two. Let's uh try it out, shall we? If we can steal this, I'll be very happy, you know. Yeah. Easiest blue ever. Shyvana was bot lane, so nobody to deal with. So, you see like what I'm trying to do like every time Garen is going to try and go for a last hit, that's precisely like where we drop the the Q down. That's the way how you play Mordekaiser. You want to look at when they're going to farm, and that's where you drop your Q down. That's where you're way more consistent um with your Q's. That's the secret, man. That's how you do it. See? It's actually very easy to land your combo. It's not that uh it's not that hard to do. >> [clears throat] >> We get more plates now. You know what's the most sad thing about this match? This Shyvana has never been top lane. This Garen is losing. And there's nothing he can do by himself cuz my lead is too big. What is Shyvana going to do? Oh, I guess who we found. Let's keep going. Nice. We should have another tower here, which is also going to get us the Rylai build. I could maybe stay for like one more wave, maybe. All right, we have the Dusk and Dawn build. I mean, we have the Dusk and Dawn item, Rylai item, and then we also have Mejai. Uh got Mejai because you know, we're winning top lane really hard. I'm pretty confident we can get 25 stacks very easily. No doubt about it. We will. I guarantee you. If I somehow manage to like throw my lead here against this team comp, like I'll have to mess up really bad. Cuz I can always separate myself with my ultimate, so they never stand a chance ever. We got Shyvana up here. See if I can throw my ultimate. Ooh. Okay. He stole my jungle, Kim. All right. Still Shyvana's not much or not able to do that much. Oh, he's going to try? You going to try and one v two me? I've got a brand here. So, it's not going to work, man. I'll I'll take the jungle camp because I think that's where I think that's what Shyvana's trying to get here. Let me grab it. Mm, I don't know if I'm going to be able to get it. Hold on cuz there's somebody on its way. Oh, I will. Cuz it's only the support. You guys saying a beautiful Mordekaiser skin? Yeah, it is. It's one of my favorite ones. Mm, they're mostly at Drake. Let's see. Should I try and olds? Yeah, let's do this. Uh Ooh, I don't mind it. All right. No problem. It's fine. I should probably consider teleporting. I'm looking at the Drake at the moment. Yeah, I'm going to consider uh using it. Let's walk away. They haven't done the Drake yet. All right. That's good news. Let's walk away here. 1.4k gold. Let's go back to base. I'll quickly build to my next item. I'm probably going to consider going for uh this one. There you go. And the next item we go for is going to be Riftmaker, so we can have like long extended fights. Uh quick message for you guys. You're new to League of Legends, been really enjoying your YouTube videos. Thank you so much, man. I'm glad you're enjoying those, buddy. Let's see if I can get this ADC first. Got to prioritize the ADC. Yeah, there you go. I like how this ADC just keeps going anyway. That was funny. Ooh, I was trying to cast my ultimate across the wall, and then I would flash across as well. Uh Mm. All right. Wait, let me do another reset real fast. I want to get all of my HP back. Nice. Uh next thing we're going to do is uh we're going to be pathing bot lane. All towers top lane have been taken. There's not much of reason for me to go for the last two plates here. Not really. Um it's better for us to go bot lane because the Drake is gone right now. The next objective is going to be Baron, so we want to be on the opposite lane of the objective, right? So, if if Drake is available, you want to be top lane then transition to Drake. If the Drake is taken, you want to go bot lane and then, you know, move your way to Baron when the time is ready for it, you know. Got my teleport, too, so you know, I could rotate whenever I feel like it. I I can separate myself from the one v two with my olds. I will need to keep in mind that I have merks as my item, so I don't have anything for slows and she's full of slows. So, I got to be a bit careful here. Just a tiny bit. Yeah, she's still here. I think support is also here. Makes sense. I could fight this one v two. Am I going to do it? Not really. Because I don't see anybody else on the map at the moment. So, we don't really know. Now I see two people. I see Garen, Zareth, and also Shyvana, so I can just do whatever I want to do in here. If they want to approach me, I'll take it. All right. They are not interested in fighting me here. They're not interested, man. They're here with two people, though. See if I can steal the jungle camp. This is not necessarily a bad thing because when you look at the team, right? If there's two people bot lane against me, that means there's going to be like one less person on the map against my team. Which realistically means that my team should win harder. All right, we just wait for the perfect opportunity. I've got my jungler up here. I'm honestly really surprised they're just like camping the camping the tower. Like sure, try and fight me. Approach me. Sure, do it. Try it. Try it out, buddy. We We will have next drake coming up in like 1 minute 30, which is going to make us win. So, I'm kind of chilling, dude. I know I'll have drake in like 1:30. They have to try and approach us anyway. I think maybe if we get lucky, we can get rift maker. Hm. Maybe. Okay. Still two people bot lane against me. I know that their flash is most likely up right now. We need the drake that comes up in 1 minute. Uh quick question from you guys, why not go magic magic pen for your for the for the boots? That's because Mordekaiser doesn't need to have that. Steel caps, merks, and swiftness are way better. You could still go You could literally go like tank Mordekaiser and you're still going to have really high damage output. Like one thing that's important on Mordekaiser is armor magic resistant slow resist. These are some really important stats. That's why you see a lot of people go thornmail and other items. Yeah, they don't want to approach me just because I'm so strong, dude. Yeah. I'm I'm just going to press the arm on this guy. I'm going to delay it. All right. Okay, now we flash across. And there you go. That was my plan. I was not really going for Shyvana. It would've been nice if I could go in, but I also know that if my if their realm is is done, I'll spawn into like four other people. So, I was just chilling then. Very nice. Oh, my team is still fighting that. They could just walk away, dude. Thank you. I wonder if I can get this Zareth. I probably should not try. Probably not. I was thinking about it, but probably not. Because I know that their ADC is also alive and uh This guy has like a perma slow. So, we'll just stay away. Don't mind, dude. Okay. Yeah, we got tower, also rift maker. What you going to try, buddy? Okay. We got rift maker. The last item we're going with, we could either go thornmail. We could go for a magic resist, but what I'm actually considering right now is going for this one so I can just use my ultimate over and over. It's not needed. Not really. I'm actually considering maybe just thornmail is the answer. I think I will. Yeah. Uh thornmail is going to make it so that I will never ever lose a one v one again unless it's Zareth like dropping the full combo. But that's very unlikely because Zareth is most likely going to like focus somebody else, not me. We need to go for Baron right now. Just need my team to start grouping for it. We can just force a fight on the enemy team if it starts. Actually, Caitlyn doing something. Nice. Um might Oh, what? Oh. I was like, what is that flash? All right, man. Either way, this is Mordekaiser top lane. Thank you for watching today's Mordekaiser top lane video and I'll see you guys next time. Peace.
