Title: Summoner Spell Guide for ADCs | Wild Rift
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7a_ZxSwtN5I

Content:
Hey guys, welcome back to an interesting video on Wild Rift. So today we're back with an updated guide for summoner spells on ADCs. So previously in the last um patch 6.0, I believe when they introduce cleanse into the game. Um I did of course go over um all the spells and kind of when's good to take what and what you guys should take and when you should take it, etc., etc. But since then uh I've kind of learned a lot myself about uh which spells are good and in what situations and I have more to add. And also they did make some changes like for example cleanse cooldown went up as well as the uh immunity to disables has gone down from like I think it was.5 seconds to 0.25 seconds or something like that. So I'm going to go through all of them um you know one by one. So what spells are we going to be talking about? Of course we're going to talk specifically about ADCs. So, we're not going to talk about things like um smite. We're not not going to talk about spells that don't exist in solo queue like snowball and clarity. So, let's first start off with um heal and ignite. So, in my opinion, these are the most outlier in terms of the fact that normally you're not going to take heal or ignite. Normally, you are going to take barrier, uh exhaust, ghost or cleanse. So, generally you're choosing between the four. Heal and ignite are options as well. So, ignite is a very very rare aggressive option you want to go for. So, the only two ADCs I've ever seen take Ignite is normally Lucian or uh Draven, and this is because they kind of want to look for kills in lane. And it's a little bit of a cheesy way to try to find kills in lane. I personally never recommend taking Ignite as an ADC, but if you want to, those are probably the two champions that people take more uh take it more on. Obviously, ignite what it does is it gives a damage over time for a couple of seconds that deals true damage and of course tries to help you get kills as well as applying grievous wounds, which is kind of helpful against people who have healing, but once again, it's not really taken on ADCs. Next, we have heal. So, heal, and again, it heals yourself and the nearest person to you by the same amount and gives movement speed. So, it's a pretty good spell. Um, but the main reason why ADCs don't really take the spell is this is more of a supportive spell, right? Cuz it heals both yourself and someone else. So heal on support especially enchantress can help prop um things like iron sensor staff of flowing water and things that proc off of heals and shields. So normally it's taken by a support and not the ADC. And why second reason why ADCs don't normally take this is because there's barrier right? So barrier the barrier shield at base you can see it's already larger than the than the heal uh shield. And you can see at the max level it's 560 for barrier and it's 400 for shield. So barrier for ADC is just a better version of heal. So, normally ADCs don't take um normally they don't take heal or ignite. So, normally it's between again these four options. So, let's kind of um start with ghost. So, ghost is basically a summon spell that it's not very lane oriented, but it's more mid to late game oriented. Now, why do I say that? Because for ghost, basically the only real use of it in lane is normally you pop it to either run away from a gang that's incoming uh or if your enem is running you down, you can pop the ghost to run away or you can pop it to run someone down. That does sound like it's pretty useful and it is. Uh but the main usage of ghost is really in mid to late game team fights like those dragon fights, baron fights where you're basically 5v5 or like you know 4v4 situations like that where having the extra movement speed is very important to keeping your distance as an ADC to keep yourself in the backline of the fight and prevent enemies from reaching you. And then getting resets on your ghost helps out a lot in that in team fights as well. The second main reason why ghost is not really a lane spell is because imagine you have ghost versus someone who has like exhaust or barrier, right? So if you're in an allin, the guy pops his barrier, he gets a shield, right? He blocks two to three of your auto attacks, whereas you have ghost and all you can do is kind of run around. It's mobility, right? It's not uh very useful in combat. So ghost is really targeted at the mid to late game. So whenever you want to take ghost, it two things must happen, right? Number one, the lane that you're in must not be a lane that you're hard losing, right? Or I mean, it could be a lane that you're hard losing, right? Cuz you're just playing for mid to late game instead of playing for lane, right? But basically, if the enemy takes a combat summoner and you take ghost, you have to kind of note that you're already at an inherent all-in disadvantage in lane. So, secondly, only really certain champions want to take ghost. So, these are champions that um generally have low mobility and um or has really good use for movement speed. Example of these champions are champions like uh Jinx, Zaryi, maybe Zia, Varys, you know, champions that certain champions don't really want to take goals. For example, you have like a Tristana or a Kai'Sa that are champions that can get kills in lane and that are aggressive in lane or like Draven, Lucian, these champions never want to take goals. So only certain champions want to take goals in the first place uh for the mid and late game team fights. Other champions never want goals anyway. And of course, you have to take note, taking goals makes you a lot weaker in lane. So the next spell we're going to talk about is cleanse. So cleanse uh again it got the cooldown increases in 110 seconds compared to 100 seconds on barrier and 100 seconds on exhaust and 90 seconds on ghost. It's the longest cooldown spell uh cleanse. But cleanse of course is incredibly uh OP in certain games, right? In a lot of games actually. Um so what does it do? It removes all spell debuffs and um gives you immunity to uh disables for 0.25 seconds. So what does this work on? Right, this works on basically any CC. Um except suppression. So for example, knockups, you can cleanse that. Roots, you can cleanse that. Stuns, you can cleanse that. But suppression, for example, Warwick's ultimate, you cannot cleanse suppressions. So that's the one weakness of cleanse. You can also cleanse ignite and you can also cleanse exhaust. So basically the main time you want to pick cleanse is when there is um a lot of enemy CC either in lane or in um you know the entire team. So the best time to take this is if um someone relies on their CC spell to get off all the damage. So for example is normally on uh mages right. So for example Morgana Q very important CC spell. For example, Ari charm or Lux root. Like Ari starts off her combo with the charm a lot of the times and then she hits the rest of her spells like Q on you. Same with Lux. She always hits you with the root first and then he goes into E and then R cuz you're rooted on the spot and you cannot dodge. So against these kind of combo ccentric champions that start off with a CC. Uh cleanse is insanely OP. And basically cleanse should always be your first option. Um, like when I'm personally kind of taking a look at the the game and deciding my summoner spell, my first choice is my first question is always going to be, do I need cleanse this game? So, if I need cleanse, I'm going to take it. If I don't need cleanse, then I'm going to start looking at ghost bearer and exhaust, right? So, uh, next up, of course, we're going to talk about exhaust, right? So exhaust, basically what it does, you target someone that's close to you, you apply the exhaust onto them, which slows them by 35% and reduces the damage they deal by uh 40%. So as we know, we had an exhaust meta um not too long ago. Exhaust is a very very strong spell uh in lane and in the later stages of the game as well. So, of course, exhaust is really helpful on champions who do a lot of DPS, particularly the enemy ADC, because obviously when you exhaust the enemy ADC, they're not only going to be slowed, but they're also going to do uh 40% less damage. And 40% less damage is a lot, right? So, uh that's pretty much going to allow you to win the 2v2 in a lot of all-ins if you have exhaust. It's also very useful against uh assassins, right? So, for example, assassins jump in um and you can just exhaust them and they are going to their full combo is going to do a lot less. So, of course, one of the common things that when you're fighting Kha'Zix or Rengars is when you're walking around in the jungle, you want to be spamming your exhaust button cuz if a Ka'Zix or Rengar leaps at you from out of nowhere, they're going to get exhausted in midair and they probably will not one-shot you because they are they are exhausted and they deal less damage. So, the main kind of issue with taking exhaust as an ADC right now is because cleanse is a very popular spell and you can cleanse exhaust. So, a lot of times if you take exhaust and the enemy takes cleanse in lane, your exhaust is going to be useless because the moment you exhaust, they're going to cleanse it. So, um that is kind of a bit of an issue, right? So, there's two ways to circumvent this. Number one is you wait for them to cleanse some CC and then you exhaust them, which is very troublesome to do and I don't really like doing that. Or number two brings us to our last summoning spells. Instead of taking exhaust, you take barrier. So, barrier is probably the least popular spell out of the four of these. like cleanse, exhaust, and ghost are really, really popular, whereas barrier is not really. But as you've seen from a lot of my videos, I've been playing a lot of barrier and a lot of ADCs. And the main time you take barrier is basically you look at cleanse, I don't need cleanse, right? And I don't need ghost. So then if you don't need cleanse and ghost, it goes to barrier and exhaust. So the main thing I'm thinking about is generally exhaust is better than barrier. However, if I see that the enemy ADC is probably going to take cleanse, then I'm going to take barrier instead of exhaust. So, what when is the enemy ADC likely to take cleanse? Well, put yourself in their shoes. And if you're going to take cleanse in their shoes, they're probably going to do it, too. Like, for example, if they're against a Leona support, I'm definitely taking cleanse. No questions asked. Right? Or if I'm in a against a team that has like a a Lux support AR mid lane, I'm definitely taking cleanse. Of course, some of the situations are a little bit gray and it's a little bit of personal preference sometimes, but in general, if you think you're going to take cleanse, they're probably going to do it also. So, you should not be taking exhaust because in lane, your exhaust can just be cleansed away. So, barrier in my in my opinion is the slightly and I mean slightly worser version of exhaust. Now, why do I say it's slightly worser? Well, the cooldown is the same, right? But uh exhaust, you know, basically completely disables a single enemy, whereas barrier kind of blocks all incoming damage, right? So in the grand scheme of things, I think disabling one enemy for a lot of damage is better than having a shield that just blocks a little bit of damage. And but I do think that barrier is very very strong in lane, right? Cuz if you bar at like level one, level two, it blocks the damage of roughly three auto attacks from the enemy ADC. Two to three auto attacks from the enemy ADC and that can turn the level one fight. So, for example, if you have barrier and they have cleanse and then you get into a level one fight, you barrier, they have nothing really to cleanse. So, you're going to win that fight because you have um barrier and um in lane is is really strong in the mid to late game is still really decent. Like you can block a decent amount of damage with barrier because the shield does scale into the mid and late game as well. So, really a lot of the times if you don't count into ghost, it's a game of rock paper scissors again with like um exhaust barrier and cleanse, right? because cleanse counters um exhaust, exhaust counters barrier and barrier counters cleanse. If if you kind of see what I'm saying there and what I mean by that is when you have cleanse versus exhaust, cleanse wins because they can cleanse exhaust. When you have exhaust versus barrier, exhaust generally wins because you can reduce their damage for a longer duration whereas barrier just block a little bit of damage. And then you have barrier versus cleanse, barrier wins because barrier u gives you a shield whereas cleanse, you know, only removes CC. if you're not CCing them, cleanse doesn't really do anything. So, it's a lot of times a rock paper scissors, ghost is just kind of there um as a little bit of a wild card where you're making use of movement speed in the mid to late game on those specific champions that I mentioned just now, right? So, uh I think that this updated guy is going to be a lot um better than the previous one cuz I have a lot of added detail here. And of course, I'll be referring to this guy on a lot of my uh videos to kind of redirect you guys here to kind of get my opinions on the summoner spells. But anyways, with all that out the way, thank you guys so much for watching the video and goodbye.
