Title: 3 Minute Mel Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SX2mSdhV2LM

Content:
Why play Mel mid? Well, she deals massive AoE damage. She also brings AoE lockdown. Her kit has a built-in execute and she can reflect skill shots countering a lot of champions. However, she is immo and squishy and she's also very skillshot reliant. Mel's first passive are her basic attacks and abilities apply stacks of overwhelm onto enemies. Every instance of damage will apply another stack of overwhelm, and each of these stacks store a small amount of damage. If this amount of damage ever exceeds the target's health and shields combined, the next instance of damage will consume all the stacks to deal the damage, usually killing them. Her second passive is whenever she uses an ability, she generates three stacks for herself, stacking up to nine times. Her next basic attack consumes all these stacks to deal additional damage, each firing off its own projectile. Mel's Q places down a circle on the floor, and she constantly fires bolts into it, dealing damage to all enemies within. It starts off with six projectiles and goes up to 10 when fully leveled. Mel's W causes her to go temporarily invulnerable and gain a burst of movement speed. Any projectile that hits her during this time is reflected back towards the attacker. Mel's E is a straight line skill shot which throws out an orb dealing damage to enemies hit and rooting them. The orb also deals constant damage and slows anyone nearby and at the end of the duration, it lingers briefly. Mel's ultimate has a passive where overwhelm stacks store more damage. The active can only be used if she's applied stacks to enemy champions where it deals damage to all enemies affected with overwhelm. The damage is increased the more overwhelmed stacks the targets have on them, and it also gets a different indicator if this will execute them. For combos, land E into an attack and then Q into an attack. Use W to block or reflect damage if needed into another attack before following up with ultimate into an attack. And it's important to understand in these combos, you're trying to just deal as many instances of damage as possible to get more stacks. For matchups, she's great into less mobile champions who rely on skill shots that she can easily reflect, and she can struggle to assassins who can just easily get onto her. For runes, take this. Comet is amazing. For build order, start ring and pot into a blackfire torch and tier two boots. After this, Leandre into a shadow flame of great pickups before finishing a build with any of these. For skill order, start Q, then E, then W before maxing Q, then E then W, taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and teleport. Start in the game. As the mid laner, your main focus is going to be on farming hard and poking your opponent. And my gosh, as Mel's poke incredibly frustrating to deal with. All of your abilities hit through minions and your Q comes out so quickly, it's almost impossible to dodge the first couple of projectiles. So while farming just keep constantly throwing out that Q. Landing your E into Q will be massive damage. However, E is part of the tool kit that keeps you safe. So if it is on cooldown, you need to give more respect to your opponent. As when getting ganked, you do rely on both E and W for safety. Entering the mid game, either keep CG mid or if you find yourself in the side lane, get all the golden experience down there, then rotate back with your team. It's all about pushing out lanes for maximum gold and rotating back. Entering late game team fights, play as the backline mage. Constantly spam out Q after Q for tons of damage over as many enemies as possible. Use E to stop something coming at you or to CC someone out. And then once you've stacked out enough damage, use your ultimate to execute the targets. And that's how to play Mel Mid. If this video helped you, leave a like and comment below who you want to see
