Title: The perfect rune that nobody knows how to use
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2it2LF9rWg

Content:
Our top laners have joined and owner just 3 seconds on the outs and the bard is going to keep it alive. It's just a total flip with spits all over the place. It goes to [Music] T1. The unsealed spellbook rune was released on patch 7.22 on November 8th, 2017. After countless bug fixes and changes throughout the years, Bubble continued to remain a very niche rune page due to how complex it was to properly use. I'll see it every now and then, but when I analyze how other players were using it, especially in recent games, it honestly didn't seem like they fully knew what they were doing. Fast forward to 2 weeks ago when Ri decided to give it a huge buff since it was basically never used. And now it's been slowly reappearing back into proplay. For those unaware, Unil spell book lets you swap your summoner spells starting at 6 minutes with the cooldown getting lower for each unique spell swap. With the recent buff, the swap cooldown has been lowered to a base amount of 4 minutes. And after switching to six unique summoner spells, you will be able to swap every 90 seconds. If you want to swap to a sum spell you previously used, you have to first go through three different summoner spells before having access to the same one. And finally, you won't be able to have two of the same spells, so you can't get like double ignite or anything and start forest fire. Now, I've been constantly using this room page for 5 years by now and peing KO Grand Masters. So, I feel like I have a solid level of experience and knowledge to guide you through this. But today, I'll be teaching you guys how I use it and talk you through my entire thought process for when and why I teach a certain spells. I'll be using BOD as my main method of transportation for this video, but the concepts you learn will still apply to other champions. I want to give a quick warning that you have to think a ton when using this room page if you want to maximize its efficiency. So, if you don't really like using your brain when playing League, then I advise you not to try it. Let's get into it. First, let's talk about when you should even go spell book. The biggest glaring weakness is that until 6 minutes, you practically don't have a room page. If you check my most recent match history, you'll see that I go spell book in some games while electrocute on others on board. And this comes down to what I think I'll need more throughout the course of the game. The moment champion select starts, I do a mental simulation of how I think my bot lane combo will do against the enemies bot lane and think about situations where I ro to other lanes. And finally, I think about how team fights in the mid to late game can go. If I think I need the extra damage at every part of the game, I'll go room like electrocute. But if I think that I can either bypass the entire early game for 6 minutes or just win the lane without a rune, or if I think that I need to be more flexible later on, then I'll go spell book. If you want to use this rune page for other champions, I strongly suggest that you choose a champion that is mobile enough to be in the front line while having some kind of dash or escape ability and also one that doesn't need to rely on the rune page they usually go. This is mainly because of the nature of the spells themselves and how likely you are to properly use them. For example, let's say you're playing an artillery champion like Zerath that excels at very long range poke. I would never go spell book on Zerath because it really doesn't make sense with this kit. If you even want to use spells like exhaust, smite, or ignite, you have to practically walk into melee range of the enemy, which just grease the entire point of your champion. There's no reason to put yourself in danger like that when you can simply go something like Arcane Comet or Dark Harvest or whatever and maximize the things you are good at, which is staying a mile away from the enemy. The reason why it works on champions like Bard is that his kit naturally forces him to be somewhat close to the fight, so he's able to reliably proc the spells while also being able to portal out to safety to get away. Unsealed spellbook should only be taken by champions that follow the jack-of allt trades master of none mindset so that they're able to respond properly in most situations, but don't need to necessarily excel at one specific thing. It's why I think spellbook works really well on supports because they will be naturally moving and roaming a lot and have an ADC to do the damage for them until 6 minutes and maybe some middle top lane champions, but I can't see many cases where an AD or jungler will use the room properly because more often than not, they'll need access to their damage or smite at every stage of the game. If you want to damage yourself, I highly recommend Lethus' tax evasion build because you know it does damage. But if you're psycho enough to try spell book out, here's the current setup. I go on bard. You go spell book cuz yeah, I used to go hex flash, but ever since they nerfed moi boots, I switched to magical footwear since there was no longer reason to go boots immediately. Go biscuits for the HP burst and also because the other two are used to sunbard and cosmic insight for that juicy CDR. I go deep because I like going deep and treasure hunter to accelerate my item build. I finish it off with attack speed and double health shards for the mid to late game. So, one thing I want to comment on real quick is that after Carrier chose spellbook bar to LCK this week, I saw that he went cash back instead of boots, which gives 6% of the gold back from any legendary item the player buys. He only managed to buy two legendary items this game, redemption and locket. So, he only got back 270 gold after 44 minutes when he could have gotten magical footware and gotten 300 gold before 12 minutes. So, it seemed very inefficient. Obviously, he would get more gold back if he managed to buy more items. But since gold gets less important the longer the game goes on for, I feel like it is still way better to get the 300 gold worth of boost for free in the early to mid game as you also get additional movement speed from the rune. So here's a quick random fact you probably didn't know about unless Ri fixes it. If you get feeds of strength for your team, you need to have two legendary items in your inventory to be able to upgrade your boots to tier three. Now, if you're a support main, you would know that finishing and upgrading your support item counts as a legendary item. So you only need to buy one complete legendary item to be able to buy tier three boots. If you put two and two together, you might have asked yourself, "Wait a second, if the support item is considered a legendary item, would you get gold back from the cashback rune upon its completion?" And the answer is no. Even though the completed support item counts as a legendary item for tier three boots, is currently not considered a legendary item for cash back for some reason. So, you don't get any money back. Let me know if you knew about this in the comments because I honestly don't know this is a bug or a feature since it's a very specific thing. Harious realized cashback was kind of bad as he did start growing boots in his solo Q games recently. Now that we talked about when to go spell book, I can finally talk about when and what to swap to. In previous videos, I always talked about how every game is different and it is up to you to figure out when to switch to each spell. It was really hard to give a concise spell chart that will work in every game. But I really wanted to streamline at least some of my thought process for this video. So, I did the natural thing and did what anyone else would do. And I manually checked through every single spell game I played in the last 2 weeks to see exactly when I swapped to each spell. And I was actually kind of surprised by how consistent my thought process was depending on the game state. I only did the last two weeks as that's how long the spell book buff was out for, so it didn't make sense to include prior data. Here's the data from the games. Although at first glance you might have absolutely no idea what you're looking at, you can start to see a method to the madness. I color coded each spell and wrote down the time of when I swapped to it. Then I watched the replays to try to figure out what I was thinking at the time that led to me choosing those spells. Once again, this data is from games I played on Bard, so I have no clue if it'll even be applicable to other champions or roles. So, I hope you're a bar. I also put down the data from Carrier's recent spellbook bar game at the bottom just to compare. Here's the absolute most concise summary I can give after analyzing the games. After 6 minutes for the first three to four swaps, if you want to fight top, go teleport. If you want to fight mid or bot, go heal, exhaust, or ghost. Heal if you want to help your team fight. Exhaust if you want to screw over one enemy in particular in the fight. Ghost if you don't have heal but still want to move fast in the fight. And whatever happens after the force swap is honestly completely situational. So good luck. That's honestly it. It's actually really interesting how you can see how I was tanking during the game purely off of my swaps. Take this game for example. I went teleport into heal into ghost. Which means I probably did something regarding top lane. They did something in the team fight then did another team fight but didn't have heal. So I said it I'm going ghost. Another thing I really want to stress is that you want to try to swap spells as fast as physically possible. Especially in the early game. The faster you reach six unique swaps the faster you hit that juicy 90second swap timer. So, you can see from my data that except in some extreme situations where I intentionally delay my swap, I'm basically just switching the moment I think I have a pay in mind. The biggest issue I see with people using spellbook for the first time is that they either don't think enough when using the rune or they think too much when using the rune. Kind of weird, huh? So, after 5 years of experience, here is the best and most consistent method I found to maximizing your efficiency with spellbook and is none other than the [ __ ] it we ball double down method. At 6 minutes, you want to just ask yourself really quick, does top look gankable or do I think I'll fight bottom mid? If the answer is I'm going top, I want you to lock in TP immediately and do everything in your power to be top lane in the next minute or two. Like you don't even have to do a proper gank at half the time. There are a lot of times when I go TP, walk top, drop some Coco, and TP back bot after doing absolutely freaking nothing. But this is where you have to learn how to get the best out of a bad situation. If you physically show yourself top in full enemy vision, even if the gank doesn't lead to a kill, just the info of you being top can lead to the enemy trying to dive your ADC out bot lane. Since from their point of view, they think that the support is on the other side of the map. I actually do this kind of play a lot where I use my presence as a bait to try to make the enemies overextend for a dive. Then I g my own with the teleport when they're not expecting it, leading to free kills. You have to know how to be decisive, which can only be perfected through intuition and experience. Like my current play style was developed over 5 years, which is how all of my movements around the map seem so natural as I already went through the entire process of trying something out, seeing if it works, trying to reproduce it, figuring out if it's even good or bad, etc. over and over again before I was able to truly understand. But I recommend trying to predict the future of how fight could go. Then position yourself in a way that leads to the highest possibility of that future happening. Let me show you a more concrete example. There are times in my data where I deviate from my standard heal teleport pattern and I go something like cleanse instead. I usually go cleanse with the singular mindset of intentionally tanking a CC ability by the enemy, which allows my teammates to walk up into the fight more confidently. So my thought process is already walk up, take an ability, tense it, then follow up. And now all I have to do is keep that in mind going into the fight. Obviously, there are going to be many times when what you predicted doesn't match what happens. But that's why you have to be as flexible as possible, which is when the versatility of spell book really shines. There's nothing more satisfying than predicting a play than watching it unfold exactly how you expected it would. Another thing I want to take note of is when I switch to smite. There's only one singular time I went smite for the third swap in the data. And that was due to certain things lining up in the situation to lead to that decision. If you don't know, if your first swap of the game is smite, it does 600 damage. If your second swap of the game is smite, it does 900 damage. and third swap is 1,200. So there are actually times especially with the recent buff where you'll be able to have more smite damage than the enemy junker in the second or third swap. In this game I was in a spot where the enemy was doing dragon and my spellbook swap happened to be up. So with everything aligning, I just went for it. The biggest danger of spell book is holding on to a spell for too long or switching preemptively without any logic. Like for example, you shouldn't ever switch to smite second or third solely relying on the fact that you maybe might get a smite steal because that would require a situation where a jungler isn't nearby to contest or the enemy starts doing dragon early and doesn't try to stop you, etc. And the odds of everything happening like you want it to will be drastically lower than you think based on your current game knowledge. I usually only go on early smite when no objectives are up when I feel like my team is 100% going to lose unless I manage to get a crucial seal off later in the game. But that usually leads to me having to give up my ignite slot for that possibility. It's really a constant question of should I or shouldn't die. It's really complex how many things you have to think about during the game that there's a reason why barely anyone tries to even use this room. One final thing I want to note before doing a commentary of a game is that I basically never go barrier unless all of my other good spells are down. And I absolutely never go clarity. This is because heal and ghost are always going to be better than barrier since it helps you and your team out more and get speed. And in 99% of situations where someone on your team runs out of mana completely and needs to refill, it's probably because they're sitting on a lot of gold or we're already going to recall in the first place. So, I've literally never been in a situation where I would need to give the mana from clarity compared to going a different [Music] spell. Just like with spell book, the items I go are completely situational. Once again, I base my current build based off Lethus' tax evasion build, but I recommend checking that out if you're curious. If I trust my team to do damage and I just need to keep them alive, like for hyper carry, I'll go full support items to help them out. But for most games, I'll start with Dead Man's Rush into CDR boots and blood for my support item as a core before changing my build based on the enemy composition. The boots can also change depending on what you need. Here are some example builds from our previous games so you can see some variations. Hey, what's up? It's commentary puff back at it again. I'm going to be talking over this game in Korean master tier because out of all the games I play in the last two weeks, this was the one I had the most amount of spell swaps in. So, I thought it'd be good to review right off the bat from champion select. I'm molding because we have a teamo top. Divo is kind of like one of those champions where you hate playing with it since it doesn't really do anything for your comp, but you also don't want to play against it because it's really annoying sometimes. I chose to go spell book over electrocute this game since it was Lucian B versus Samir Leona. And since air Leona is like the definition of an all in combo, I'm not really going to want to even be in range most of the time. So my game plan is to bail out Leona's E, which is the only way they'll be able to consistently engage on us while using my Q from just outside range to poke. Another justification for my rune selection is that in the mid to late game team fights, having access to exhaust will be insanely valuable, especially against the burst champions of Samir and Annie and to a certain extent Noo-Noo. So, it just felt very natural to me at least. And I'm sure some people will be asking if there's ever a time you go flash exhaust instead of flash ignite. But with Spellbook, because you're already so far behind in damage, you really need Ignite to even sneak kills in the early game. So, I wouldn't recommend changing it. The one last thing I'm thinking about is how they have a Noo-Noo mid and at least in jungle. If it was Noo-Noo jungle, I'd have to try to predict when they will go for a consume smite combo on an objective, which is ultimately down to luck if the Noo-Noo knows what they're doing. But since the smite is on the lease in, I'm going to try to time any potential steals with the Noo-Noo Q animation or a leing Q2 smite combo. At the start of the game, I never buy any pots because you basically get 100 gold for free if you just never lose HP in the first place. So, I just dodge everything forehead. I always put down an early trinket to watch for invades, then immediate recall for a scanner. I value early scanners a ton just because of how much freedom it gives junglers, especially when paired with a bard portal. Since I'm a jungler main myself, the absolute worst feeling is when I want to gank a lane, then walk through like three wards in the river because my support didn't scan it in advance. Like, bro, just tell me you want to lose. The first 3 minutes of this bot lane will entirely depend on what Leona starts. If she goes E like she should, I have to always be ready to stun the Samira so that there is no follow up. But if she goes Q, we 100% won the lane unless they go for a really stupid Alden angle. And lo and behold, she started Q. I honestly don't know why you would start killing Leona because as you can see and I immediately start slapping range auto attacks onto her as she does a walker shame back to her tower. And if we both just space out a good distance, we can keep kiting and bullying her away from the wave. I'm always watching the map to make sure that the Noo-Noo mid doesn't gank bot because you can be 100% sure he's eventually going to come bot. And the moment he pops back up in vision, I go back on the offensive. The standard pattern I like to do when you think you're going to get gy on is to fast push for level two pryo, bash the wave into the enemy tower while poking, then let the wave slow push back into my side. Because unless both Lucian and I get low enough to get tower dive, there's going to be almost no chance for the enemy jungler to gank us after doing sis camp clear if the wave is too far towards our [Music] side. Leono is going to ward the tri bush to watch for potential ganks. But since I'm a smart support and got scanner early on, I immediately clear it, which gives my jungler the highest chance of getting a successful gank off. If the enemy expects a gank, the best thing they can do is back off and wait. But because we made the wave slow pushing towards our side, we can zone them for even more XP or bait out an engage, which leaves them in a lose situation. Zenz gets a very easy gank off and I see my spam ping Noo-Noo is missing, but I mentally prepare myself to block the snowball with my body. I honestly thought we could kill him before I died, but after a certain point, I don't even try to use my flash and we traded one for one. But with two more assists for my team, I always try to clear vision for my jungler one to two camps before he's actually here since the enemies will be on guard if I do it too close to when he's nearby. And since I see my Zenzho coming down towards Raptors, I make sure the area is clear in advance. Hey, hey, hey, coming down. for the team, for the good of the team. It's been 6 minutes and I can finally use spellbook. I immediately notice that there's a shrew behind the enemy in the top push. And since we just killed the enemy bot lane, I know that I have an ample amount of time to roam somewhere while my ADC farms. So, I go TP and start walking towards the top lane to gank. The best case scenario would be for me to gank with just my portal and return back bot with TP. But if I ever see a good opportunity to TP flank, then it's better to just go for it. And after Annie walks it very far forwards, I decide to pull the trigger and go for the teleport. Hey, hey, hey, it's the board. No, I usually always go heal with my second swap whenever I start DP since it usually works well in most situations. [Music] Oh my god, how? For my third swap, I go exhaust because I want to mitigate most of Annie's burst damage. But before she walks into range, the enemy Leona jumps my Teemo first, which forces me to use my ultimate instead to stop the followup. I put down an escape portal for my little rat. And I make sure to time my exhaust right before the stasis ends to get the most value from the debuff before making my escape to my tower. He's going to go over the wall. Careful. This is like right here. Yeah, I have to block the queue. Yeah, there we go. Okay. No, good fate board. For the force swap, it looks like a fight is about to start. So, I immediately go since having the active movement speed helps a lot in position myself. And the best thing you can do as a bard is separate the front line from the back line. So, I'm always looking to ultimate the enemy's carries as the front line goes in so that my team can easily pick off whoever's closest to them one by one. I have to like counter engage here. I also lose. Oh, Jake, Lucian's here. Wait. Oh my god, we lost fight. What? Even after all that though, we lose the fight since our Arian team will have no damage to quickly burst at least in. And with Lucian being too far away, we still to get picked off one by one. When this kind of fight happens, you just got to stay unlucky or whatever cuz I feel like I did everything I could have in this situation. So, this is one of the few times I go a non-ique spell and go teleport again. In most situations, you just want to hit six unique swaps as to get the 90 secondond swap timer. But because I see my Zen Zho padding top lane and the enemy likely to come downwards after killing Teemo, I TP top to help my Zen just in case anything happens. And I get lucky as Leona walks up to try to get deep vision of our jungle as we get another pick off. [Music] Are you good? [Music] [Music] That was almost super bad. Oh my god. Good thing I'm barred. I really don't like how close this fight was, so I go smite on the off chance we all die and have to seal an objective since that would be the absolute worst case scenario. The longer I hold the smite, the more I'm unable to use my ignite, but it's a trade I'm always willing to make in the late game usually. We're going a baby. [ __ ] Eventually, we manage to slow down our pace and pick them off one by one. And a situation happens where we can start Baron. I however immediately book it to the other side of the map since a common play for the enemy at this point would be for them to trade the dragon for the Baron. And because I've been holding on to this smite for like five swaps, a situation finally comes up where I can use it. [Music] Hey, I hope you enjoyed the video and learned something about Unsebook. I feel like there's still a ton of potential with this rune that hasn't been fully explored yet, especially in pro play. Like imagine a guaranteed 2400 double smite on every objective or the support going teleport spell book so that they can hop between top and bot or something kind of like a pseudo lane swap but way faster or a double exhaust bot lane where you just completely screw over the ADC. You know, there's so many possibilities that I'm scared will never be seen because people just don't use the rune. So for the sake of spellbook not being deleted, I hope you got inspired to try it out yourself and maybe one day you too can be like Carrier and play spellbook bar in the LCK. Please write games. Don't delete spellbook. It's my entire identity. Please, I beg. I'm on my knees. [Music]
