Title: League of Legends is FINALLY Playable on Steam Deck! (WASD Guide)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-996opgRH2k

Content:
Look at this kiting. It's pretty much crystal clear kiting. All I'm doing is pressing A and D and that's it. >> Look at that movement. Oh, I'm going to show you how I get League of Legends working on the Steam Deck with >> What's the controls? >> Oh no, not going to want a few things. Obviously Steam Deck with Steam Link installed. And I can show you how to do that. You'd want to go to the desktop mode. So, you're going to want to go into the discover page. look up theme link. Then you're going to want to download that. Don't launch it because you're going to want to go double click Steam, add a game, add a non Steam game, and then you're going to look for Steam link. I already have it added, so it's not going to show up here for me, but it will for you as long as you have it downloaded from the discover page. All right. Now that you have that, we can go ahead and go back to gaming mode. Now, you'd want to go to your library. Scroll to the right where it says non Steam games and click on Steam link. And then you're obviously going to have Steam installed on your PC. Connect to your computer. It's going to ask you to enter code. Once you have that set up, you're going to want to go to streaming customize. These are my settings. You might have a different experience. Um to me, that's the most important part because you get the least amount of latency. Feel free to mess around with that. You'd want to go into your controller layout settings, change it to WASD, as they say. >> Is it WASD? Is it what's up? I don't know, chat. >> I currently don't have my own template for it yet. I will in the future. So, keep on a lookout for that. It'll probably just say my username. Right now, this only works on the PBE mode. So, this will definitely start working in the future for regular League. And when you first launch, go under your settings, hotkeys, WSD, then click on walls to controls. Oh, there you go. >> And now we have it working. Cool. Now, I don't have anything else binded. If you want to rebind things, you just hit the menu button, theme button on the Steam Deck. Now, let's see. What do I want to change? There's a lot of configuring to do. So, L2 can be that can be my right click. Left mouse. L1 will be ship. All right. So, I got the movement. I don't know about space and F. We're going to try to keep this as default as possible just in case anyone doesn't want to change anything here. So, anyways, we'll go and change what I want my ghost to be. X. So, we'll do space for X. SpaceX. So, I'm going to have to really set this up. This is going to be a while. I'd have to do an indepth thingy. What's my attack ability? I just want to make it a have to unbind scroll. Oh, R12. Q. I think abilities are fine. See, now I don't know if it's more beneficial to have the trackpad for a mouse or to make it so it just follows my mouse, right? Is there not a way to do that? That's something figuring out. You could even do gyro camera control. This is uh a little more work than your typical impatient person could handle, but yeah, I don't know the best way to control a cursor aside from gyro. Personally, I like controlling it this way. Although, not a lot of people are in favor of this way. Obviously, I'm going to need to ult too, so maybe Y for the ult. I'm going to need a buy menu. How much What is the buy menu? Oh, no. That's recall. So, recall would be hold B. That's not bad. Okay, >> there you are. >> So, I got four moves binded. I mean, I'm totally cool with uh with being able to use the trackpad and the gyro movement. You still got to move the cursor. I mean, the default settings for the Steam Deck for the cursor is actually really good. And then add gyros. That's just crazy. Yeah, there's a lot of bindings to uh bind as I go. So far, not that many though. All right, finded A to left click. So, I can just keep on clicking A on them to auto attack. We already got the movement. I got the camera control. Okay, wards and trinkets and items. I just don't know what other controls I would need really. Obviously, the the numbers P for buy. So, I'd need a buy menu, too. All right. Purchase, hold, hold the right trackpad. Then I'll bind all the numbers to like the D-pad. Starting with the left, we'll do one. Just got to skip right. We can add extra commands for six and seven, right? We're going to do double press for six. Double press left for six, double press right for seven. And then for the trinket, we could do L3 or left joystick click. I'm not sure if that's a good idea, but could be. Wondering what other bindings I could have that would be important. All right, about 30 minutes it took me to figure out how to set this up. And it's not so bad. New sharable save, just so you guys can have it, too. And that is how you can play League on your Steam Deck with the help of your computer and some tinkering around. Uh, if you like this video, please leave a like, leave a comment if you have any questions, and subscribe to see more videos like this. I'll be live streaming here as well as kicking YouTube. So, if you want to catch me there and you have a great night. Peace.
