Title: The ONLY Season 15 Renekton Build Guide You Need! | Extensive Runes And Items Breakdown
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWbLtKGjVc4

Content:
Yo, what is going on guys? Godraxton here and today I am bringing you my runes and build guide video. So, this video has meant to come out for quite a while now and I'm very well aware that I have been telling you guys for quite the longest time that I made this video and I just had to edit it. Well, as I got back into my editing uh software recently for this exact video, I seem to have lost all my files which ended up just being deleted somehow. So, you know, that kind of sucks. But hey, you know, it's my own fault because I've been promising you guys this video for a while. And I am sorry that I have not been able to finish it off and complete it. I've just not had a lot of time. So, with that said, being that it's very overdue and the fact that I've been stalling this video for so long, I have basically decided to remake this whole video because I want this uh build guide to also be more modern and up to date. And being that the whole game did just kind of change again in the mid-season 15, I thought why not just make a whole new video. So, that being said, this is my revamped runes and build guide video. So, in this video, I'm going to cover basically everything you need to know about Renekton's runes, Renekton's items, and Renekton's builds. But before I do jump into that, I do just want to say something quickly. Thank you so much for 10,000 subscribers. It really means the world to me that you guys have decided to watch my videos. you guys have also subscribed and you've also supported me all these years. You know, I have started this channel 10 years ago from maybe even this month. Um, shockingly enough, I believe it was like May 2015 when I first started uploading videos. I started from making some really terrible montages with Shako and Renekton. And then they ended up being like some live streams where I was just taking Vaults on my stream and then making some commentary videos. And yeah, we're still doing that today. You know, haven't been the most consistent. Probably not taking this whole thing seriously enough, but I do just want to say, you know, thank you again for my subscribers and all my supporters. You guys mean the world to me. And I'm not going to stop here and I want to continue grinding as this is what I really want to do with, you know, my life, too. I want to make sure I make the best Renekton content, the best top lane content. I just want to make the best content period for all my, you know, for the top line reacting community because you guys are, you know, you're the best. You know, you're the greatest and I want to only, you know, deliver the greatest content to you guys. With all that being said though, and again, thank you very much for all that guys. I really appreciate it from the bottom of my heart. It's now also time to jump into the main section of the video. So, to start off with this whole guide because I haven't done one in so long. I'm firstly going to be talking about Renekton's runes. Now, I have done this over a thousand times already, and I don't really believe there to be many changes when it comes to runes. I still will, however, explain like my current thought processes on them, and I'll also be touching into some new runes that I've also been playing. So, to start off on the rune section guide of the video, we are going to be talking about the two major keystones that Renekton will be playing. Press the attack and conqueror. Now, in my opinion, nothing has really changed except for the fact that PTA is definitely a bit better since some of the last changes it received where it can reproc while you're fighting, meaning that you can basically apply multiple press the attacks on one champion and also theoretically get more damage onto your target than you did before. While this is a great thing, they did also change PTA from no longer being amplified by your teammates or minions. So anything that's like an outer source of damage will not apply the extra damage from the PTA you've applied onto the target if that makes sense. So it is more singular focus on yourself in applying damage rather than it being a high utility base room like it was before. Now conqueror conqueror relatively works the same. And when you are comparing PTA versus conqueror I still have this guide here on when you should take both of them and what I think is the best. So, if you haven't watched that video, I definitely highly recommend it because theoretically from those changes I did just mention, nothing has really changed in when you want to take these runes. So, if you do want a more extensive and more straight to the point answer on when to take these, I definitely highly recommend this video that is on the screen right now. But moving on past the whole keystones, I do want to go into the minor runes. They are pretty straightforward when it comes to Renekton. Triumph Renekton really likes due to the fact that when you're in those low HP, you know, battles against your opponent or even those 1v2 scenarios, trying to get that takedown is very important because it is going to heal you by 5% of your missing health on top of also the 2.5% of your max health. So, when you factor that together and trying to get those clutch outplayer moments, it is a really gigantic rune. And there's not really a good rune in this tree you'd rather take as well with presence in mind and absorb life. Absorb Life. I was initially going into range matchups when it was strong. But since Riot has nerfed this rune quite a lot, I don't really see the point taking it anymore because second wind and D shield basically do the same job and you really don't need to take this rune and you can just keep triumph which works the entire game while absorb life is more focused on the early game. So with that said, Triumph is definitely way better and you should definitely always take this rune. Now moving on to the legend runes. These runes are definitely very interesting because the main runes that you can take is elacrity and you can also take haste. Now, in my opinion, I think that this really depends on what you're going for in terms of your build. Like some people might like elacrity for the additional attack speed, which helps you build more fury. It helps you last it better. It also makes your combos more fluid. However, you might also like the haste more because having less cooldowns means you're able to spam more abilities and Renekton loves that as an AD caster. So essentially, legend heist can be very good too into tank matchups or matchups where you're going to be playing primarily off your spells rather than your auto attacks. So matchups where you just want to do quick combos into bruisers and then disengage. That is an example where it can be good. Otherwise, elacrity can also be good where you're auto attacking a lot more so you can squeeze in more auto attacks and more DPS onto your targets. So preferably, it really depends what you like honestly in this uh rune selection. I myself like to go haste a lot more these days, but that is not to say that you can't also take elacrity. So, it's really based on feel and what you prefer the most. Now, moving on to the bottom tier of runes here. Last stand is by far the best rune that you can take on Renekton. This is because Renekton really synergizes off the fact that when he's low HP, he's also playing off his passive, Reign of Anger. Now, Reign of Anger, the way it works is like once you're below 50% health, your overall fury is increased by 50%. Meaning that if you are low and you cue a target, you're actually going to get 15 fury instead of 10 fury. And if you're going to auto attack, you're going to get 7.5 fury instead of five fury. When it comes to those low HP moments where you're trying to clutch out a play, last stand comes in handy because you're getting more damage the lower health that you are. Now, combining these on top of triumph too, where you're playing for those like low HP out players, it is really great and I think it basically triumphs anything else in the selection of runes. There was a phase where I was going C coupra quite a lot since the ignite changes. However, I just think it's too it's too inconsistent for my liking. Like yeah, sure, Renekton can burst people into lower health, but more than often you've already used your main se selection of spells at the beginning, like your W and then maybe your E, like Q, like comes in, like between the 20%, let's say between the 40 to 20% mark. So that last like 20%, you're not going to have any abilities really up. So you're kind of missing out on that coupe degra really. Maybe it's a good ignite range where you can ignite, but still I would rather just go less stam myself. I feel like there's more pliability in it. The fact the rune also starts at 5 to 11% increased damage is also quite a big deal too. So you are getting a lot more value out of this rune than you are with Coupra. Now you could also argue cut down could be a good rune into tank matchups. Although for myself, I still don't like the fact that my damage is still frontloaded to the point where it's not going to work if my enemy is lower. So, I just want that consistency in my gameplay and I think last stand really fits that and it's why I usually take it in all my games. Now, when it comes to secondary runes, I do usually switch up between resolve tree and inspiration tree. But firstly, I do want to more so talk about the resolve tree and why you should take it, especially if you're a beginner Renekton or you're just playing field consistency as a whole. Now, starting off in our rune selection, demolish is practically one of the better runes you can take if you want to snowball with this secondary tree because it helps you get playings more, which means you're getting more gold into more items. Renekton is all about getting that high gold lead from securing plantings, getting high CS, killing opponents. All of this is really influential in being able to carry games. So having a rune like demolish which helps you easily take playings is quite a big satisfaction into taking this rune. Now compared to before, Riot has changed the game quite a lot where getting solo planes nowadays is a lot harder because of things like home guards, people being able to come to lane a lot faster than they ever did before, death timers also being shorter for people to run to lane quicker. So all these factors mean getting a plane is a lot harder on top of the fact they also nerf the gold from getting it. So demolish does give you that little extra advantage in once you do kill your laner or you do send them to recall you can take that plating and then get that recall for that extra item or that extra bit of gold that you would have had in the first place. So quite often I like to take this rune into matchups where I can easily kill or even matchups where maybe getting kills is kind of hard. tank matchups like malifi or just trying to force a demolish proc and then go for proxy is you know pretty nice to do or even just gain that demolish proc into recall it does like feel really good to have so that is like an example where I would take this rune but even that said though um as good as demolish is there are matchups where sometimes you can't really afford to take it and you want to mix your resolve tree runes between the second and third row so the whole idea of demolish really is it's just where you're able to secure extra gold so your easiest matchups and then potentially your tankier matchups where you just want to, you know, get extra gold income. That is where maybe you want to take this rune. Now, moving on, second wind is quite a key rune you can take as Renekton. So, your poke matchups champions where they can easily apply damage onto you and they're waiting onto that next ability to do it again. Second wind is really good to out sustain that damage. Now, ideally, your hardest matchups such as Rumble, Quinn, Vain, Teemo, wherever it may is where someone can poke you consistently, taking second wind completely wins you. These matchups going this on top of Dshield gives you this insane sustaining power, which enemies can't really match now, especially the mana champions like Teemo, Quinn, Vain, they will end up overusing their mana, and that's where you're going to get your advantage over them. Even Aurora too, that's another key matchup as well. you're playing to outsustain your lanes early on playing with EQs, gaining powered Q. You then try and like burn their mana and once they have no mana, they're basically available to kill or you end up getting their recall and you can shove in the wave and get a good reset. So, the whole key idea of this rune is just giving you that survivability early game. If you don't take this in these matchups, the matchup can feel really doomed. So, I do highly recommend to take it into poke matchups or matchups where Renekton simply struggles because if you can out sustain your laner and burn that mana and get to that level six power spike or even your boot power spike, whatever it may be that you need to defend yourself against this champion, this is going to like basically set up the fundamentals in being able to do so. So, that is essentially why you should take second wind. Now, on the screen too, I am going to have a little infographic of matchups I would take second wind into. So, if you want to use that as well for your own knowledge, you know, there it is. It is on the screen right now for you. The next rune that we can talk about too and that you can take on Renekton is bone playing. Bone playing I am not the biggest fan of, but there are some matchups where it can be really in handy. Things like Trendir, Riven, champions that just want to jump on you from the get- go. This rune can really help you mitigate the enemy damage that they're going to be dealing to you. So having that rune does give you a chance to also build up your fury in those early exchanges. It does also help you to defend against the enemy's frontloaded damage earlier on. Especially like in an example like Riven or Darius. They're going to run at you level one try and like use Q Q start as Riven or maybe W star as Darius. Having that bone plane basically gets you away from that damage and you can also reply back of a stun and your W or even E star and then win out the trade getting your PTA off and then disengaging and keeping your health up. So it's situationally it is a very good rune. Also the fact that if you are weak siding too, bone playing gives another element of making the enemies think about it. So if they're trying to plan a tower dive and you you have your bone playing up, they have to basically consider that they have to either call off the dive or they risk doing the dive with the threat of you potentially killing them. Because let's be honest, the amount of times you tower dive an enemy just for them to, you know, live on bone playing is way too much. And the fact that it basically blocks 30 to 60 damage based on level, also up to three hits is absolutely crazy. by the way. So, it is a really broken rune, especially into Renekton 2 if you're a Renekton hater. And that is basically the scenarios where it can be good. For myself though, I don't really take it a lot. I would rather just take inspiration tree in these type of matchups. But if you are a new Renekton player and you are playing against mele champions where they're trying to allin you and trying to punish you when you have no fury or you're trying to build it up, bone playing is very good into these champions. Moving on, it is now time to talk about the bottom row of resolve tree runes. So, overgrowth. Overgrowth is definitely a very good rune. So most consistently I will take either maybe second wind or demolish overgrowth. Um second wind overgrowth. Like those are like the combinations I would really take it into. Ogrowth is good because you end up getting like 250 health potentially by the 25 minute mark maybe 30 minute mark. And that's basically the health that you would have lost before from Renekton's alt when it did get nerfed like years ago. That's like the way I think about it right. And this additional health is really good on a lot of Renekton's builds because Renekton is a very high HP bruiser and the more health that you do get, the more survivability you will have to basically raid boss damage and soak up all this damage too. Items like sterith scage also scale off the additional health that you get. So it is also a big factor in just being able to have this rune. And even when you're playing like full ID Renekton, having overgrowth too to give you this additional health also gives you more survivability. And it also compensates for the fact that Renekton is already a good farmer as well. So being able to stack this rune easily is also very good. It is just like a good stable rune to have in this bomb selection of runes. And more than often, I'm practically always taking this. Now, we could also talk about revitalize too into the fact that if you're playing against poke champions, you can take this rune for that additional sustain. but I don't really see it work as much as I do when I take it. Maybe it's just overcompensating against the matchup. So, more than often, I don't think revitalize is really a big power play to take as a rune, unless maybe you have a full healing comp and you can just like take it in champ select while you have that time. But more than often, I don't think Renekton really utilizes it so much compared to some other champions. I would kind of miss this rune, but you can take it if you want to value that little bit extra health and maybe the shields you do receive. But again, I don't think it's a big rune, but it is a choice nevertheless. And lastly, unflinching. Unflinching did get buffed pretty well recently. So, you're now getting 10 armor magic resist when you're stunned. So into matchups early where you're even just getting slowed, stunned, anything of that nature, getting that like extra resistances for two seconds to mitigate burst champions damage. Like again, Riven is a good example of that possibly maybe even a again Daryus. That's all I can think of currently as it's pretty early as I'm recording this. But for the example that you are being slowed or stunned like you are going to get these res resistances to mitigate against their damage and it can be useful for that even Shen possibly as well early game. I have not really tried this rune enough to see if it is actually good. I just think it's kind of useless after a while, but maybe that's just me. But I guess that is the thought process of taking the rune just into CC champions that do have damage or want to get those short trades off on you or try and burst you down. That's why it could be good. Maybe unflinching bone plane could be a good combo too. With that being said, but I think it's also definitely overdoing it. Furthermore, though, I think that is basically the whole like selection of resultry runes here. Most often I take second win into poke matchups. Bone playing into champions that want to engage on me. Demolish where I think I can get more money from my plings if I can get them. If not, overgrowth is also good just to scale through the game and get additional health. And that is basically it when it comes to resolve tree. Something I do also want to clarify quickly too when I am talking about runes. I am not going to go over sorcery and I'm not going to go over domination because I personally think that these runes are really underwhelming on Renekton. There's been a lot of changes to the domination tree such as sudden impact where I don't think it's that useful anymore. Like 20 to 80 true damage that is whatever. I would prefer the lefthality because it actually scales a lot better like it did have before. It synergize off your ease, your flash, even teleport if you are going to use it for that. But the point is is that I think it's pretty underwhelming these days and I would rather miss this tree. Everything else in this tree too is really underwhelming for Renekton. Apart from the fact that maybe you get trinket haste, which can help with a red trinket from grizzly momentos. But if anything, I think it's completely useless this tree. Nothing really is being gained for me. It's more or less getting kills or like certain ward kills, whatever it is, which, you know, it's pretty slow to scale from in this aspect where you can get another rune to easily, you know, achieve that. And Renekton's all about like early power spikes, too, right? Renekton wants those early runes that are going to give him an advantage, something that's going to like actually help him through the game. And I don't really see many runes really doing that. Cheap shot, you don't really care about it. 10 to 45 damage, like that's nothing really, you know, and it's only from your impairment, so your W, which is every like 16 seconds early game can go down to much lower obviously with W max build, but I don't think you're really doing that to maximize on cheap shot, you know. Taste of blood. Yeah, you could take this rune if there's another good rune in the tree, but again, there's nothing really good here in my opinion. When it comes to treasure hunter, you don't really care. It's up to five stacks and then it's gone. So, you get 130 gold. Nice. That's it. You know, next, uh, Valent Hunter. Valent Hunter can be very good just for like trying to move the map and stuff. But, if you're already playing an item like Ghost Blade, you're going to get more diminishing returns from the fact you're gain more out of combat move speed. So, it's not really going to stack the way that you want it. So, it's pretty underwhelming as well when we're considering that. And lastly, Ultimate Hunter. This rune also loses value from the fact that Renekton's alt isn't really that high of a cool down. If anything, because of the alt buffs that I received some time ago, now your alt is up every so many seconds. Like, every fight you're going to have your alt up. So, having a rune where it's not really going to do anything for you and your alt's already going to come up is a waste of opportunity to really have or take. So, that's why I think the domination tree really sucks. And when it comes to sorcery tree, there's nothing really good here. It's just like gimmicky things like transcendence, more ability haste, yeah, could be cool, but you're also waiting a while too for it to scale. Gathering storm, let's be honest, you're not really playing for 40 to 60 minutes to get the extra AD. You know, you want to end games fast, and Gathering Storm is doing the opposite of that. Scorch. Scorch is very underwhelming, and it works only for like the early game, and I really just don't think it's that great, honestly, especially not for Renekton. any other rune here, you know, doesn't really synergize with Renekton. Solarity could be good, but I think it's also a nerf from what how good it used to be. Absolute focus, more like absolute dog, you know, not a good rune. The point being anyways, domination tree and sorcery tree, we're not going to really talk about anymore because they don't really give anything good for Renekton. Now, inspiration tree. It is time to talk about this because this is actually my favorite tree on Renekton. So to start off with why I like this tree so much is mainly for the fact that triple tonic jot and cosmic insight are in this tree. I was doing cookies too but to be quite honest with you I don't know how good cookies are right now since the nerfs. I think they're still decent into poke matchups. So to substitute from the fact that you are going Joe into a poke match up. You can take biscuits still into your poke matchups like for the examples I've already gave like Quinn Vain whatever the hell right. So if you go into these matchups and you're playing for full AD as well, these can give you additional sustain to make it out the lane compared to the fact that you didn't take second wind from the other tree. It can be very helpful in that aspect just to get by in lane. However, more than that, I still think compared to triple tonic, I probably would take more. And just to explain triple tonic now as well, triple tonic is great because it basically gives you an extra ability point by level 9. Now why is level 9 so significant? It is significant because if you are W maxing where you do three points in Q into W max by level 9 you will max it out at five points giving you 7 seconds or even down to 5 seconds based on the item that you've built. So the fact that you can get potentially five W's in let's say even 25 seconds you know that is crazy right for an ability that already has you know so much AD from the 225% AD ratio the fact the base damage is also around 200 as well from being maxed it's absolutely crazy for dueling and in those matchups where you are going to be up close fighting people gain W's off set Darius Riven Yon Yaso whoever it may be right that you can stay in range Volar Wax is really good for that And triple tonic also helps you speed up that process. You're also getting an adaptive force potion, so you get more AD um to give you that little bit of extra stat checking too at level six. And even level three, a bit of extra gold. Not really, you know, we don't really care about that as much. Little bit of true damage, sure, it's something, but more than often, we care about the level 9 more than anything else. Now, I did also say as well that Renekton does like runes that work earlier on. Now, this rune isn't really hitting the mark till level 9, sure, but I think at that point though, you have power spike so much to where you're basically this unstoppable machine if like anybody's a mele champion or if you can consistently get into range. And that's why I'm so big on this rune because it gives you such unworldly power at that point and such a crazy play style where I really like this spoon a lot and I take it into all my mini matchups practically and if it's not a mini matchup, I take cookies. So, that is basically what you really take these runes for. Are you in a match where you consistently proc your W? If so, triple tonic is good. But that's not even to say that you can't even go QAX early into E. You know, an extra point is also really big. You can also do for that too. You know, where even just traditional maxing gets pretty good into some matchups. But when it's like pog matchups or something that hits you consistently, cookies is also a very good alternative for this side of the tree. Any other rune here, we don't really care about on Renekton. You don't like magical footwear because it can take a while to get and sometimes there are some examples too where not having those boots is more of a big hindrance than taking that rune just for that extra five moon speed or 10 sorry which really doesn't you know matter. Moving on though. Moving on though to talk about the final like last row of runes that I take inspiration tree that is uh cosmic insight and jack of all trades. Cosmic insight I did really like at first because it basically gave you lower summoner spell cool downs. So having an ignite up, which also got buffed by the way right now, means that you can consistently get a lot of ignites. So a lot more ways to snowball your enemy, a lot more kill potential, and Renekton loves that, right? Even having like your flash up more consistently, you're basically taking 50 seconds off your flash. When you consider that, that is only like 4 minutes and 10 seconds where every time you're going to be able to have flash up. And that means more play opportunities through the mid to late game and more waste to close out game, too, because you are very flash reliant as the game gets on. So if you do have a quicker timer to get that flash, it also feels pretty good too for Renekton. Now while that is great and on top of the item haste too, which is good for all your active items as well, I do see myself going more of Jack of all trades at this point. Jack of all trades is just way too fun not to have. And if you are playing full AD as well and you are very proficient at playing Renekton, jack of all trades does give you that little bit of an edge where you are getting a little bit of extra attack damage. You are gaining also additional ability power up to 10. And to put into perspective too, you are only gaining like 15 AD as well. So even if it doesn't seem like a lot, it's still bonus AD and it's bonus stats you're gaining. And it also does like create this really fun build path where you can build all these different stat of items just to also enhance your overall potential with Renekton. And the fact that Renekton's already good with like so many items and stats, it is really good for him. And we will move into the next part of the video soon where I will be talking about builds and why Jot works with them. But essentially the whole reason for doing it is just to gain extra stats, to gain extra power spike, and also to force this wellcrafted full ID build too, which can be, you know, itized very differently. So the better you are as a player that can change items and also be very adaptable, the better this rune also feels. I also want to say as well that while it is also very great, it also does come at a cost though. Now that cost is that you should be very visually aware of what you're dealing with. Now, there are games where you might just want to rush straight into the 10 stacks, but there will be a point in the game where if the enemy bot is fed, like a fed Draven that you know is going full crit, it would make more sense to get played steel caps and also a random in your build. Now, while you aren't hitting your stacks, it is a lot better just to have that insurance to not get one shot and not to foul your build at that point in the game, like your overall build fury. With that being said, it is just better to be adaptable. Like, play for the game. play for what you're against and what item is going to give you the most value for that point in the game. If you are just going to go straight into full AD and you're going to get one shot, you kind of just lose all momentum as Renekton. So, it is very important to build carefully. It is very important just to build for your win condition and for your overall strengths within the game. So, that is something this rune can take away from sometimes. So, I do want you guys to also understand that this can be a con of the rune. But if you do play it properly and if you do understand build theory well enough to not make these mistakes then jack of all trades does feel really great on Renekton. So now that we've explained all the main runes on Renekton I do want to quickly compare resolve tree and inspiration tree together. So the whole idea of inspiration tree is snowballing as Renekton. It's all about trying to get these leads, all these like it's trying to increase your overall play ceiling on on top of what you're able to do like W maxing, going full AD, having more damage, more adaptable stats that will help you through the game. It is all about just being this strong menace of a champion, and just being able to one v9 a game. Now, not every game is 1v9able, as well as the fact that not every game also goes smooth in the laning phase. So, it is also important to also understand for your matchup what runes are actually good here. Resolve tree is basically great into every lane possible because it always gives you that early game advantage, that early game sustain, defense, that early game play pattern where you can get extra gold from demolish, it is a very consistent tree. And if you're all about consistency and if you're all about learning the champion and trying to also understand matchups, resolve tree is by far the second tier of runes that you should always be taking. If you've already mastered Renekton, if you already feel very confident, if you just want to have fun, if you want to find a play style that is really great, then inspiration tree secondary is also very fun and it's also going to meet that criteria of what you're looking for. So guys, now that we've actually talked about all the runes, it is now time to talk about the items and builds that I apply on Renekton. Now, right here on the screen, you can see an infographic that I made. I know it's not the most visually appealing. I just wanted to make something quick, right? So, this is what I made here. This is going to explain the whole play styles and identity of what you're going to be doing as Renekton. Now, in this infographic we have here, this is Renekton's core bruiser play style. So, if you're trying to learn the champion, you're trying to understand when to go certain items or how to play from a bruiser perspective, this is what you want to hear right now. We have various items here. Now, to clarify, I do have Stridebreaker right here. Now, Stridebreaker is basically in the situational because that is what it is, right? You can build it a first time. Now, just because it's not in core doesn't mean you can't build it. This is simply just meaning that if you're not against a ranged champion or you simply just don't want to build it. That is fine. It is situational. It is up to you if you like it or not. And I'm just going from my perspective and what I think as well, right? Like what I prefer to do. I don't really like Stribbre as a first item as much. So, I tend to avoid it as Renekton. Now, the main reason is due to the fact that this item costs so much gold with 3,300 and I don't think the stats really back it up for a good first item. dry wrecker feels a lot better to me as a second and third item. Hence why I put it in this section of the uh items here. But that's just like my quick little um notes here of like why I'd had it here if you guys are curious and why it's not a core item. Core items are basically what I'm mainly building as Renekton and what I do in most of my games when I'm playing him as a bruiser. That being said, let's actually talk about it. Why am I building these items here? So, Eclipse. Eclipse is one of Renekton's best items. Now, it did get nerfed in the damage. It did get its stats reduced a little bit. The cost did increase a little bit from what it used to be. I get it, right? Some people decide to hate on this item because of all the nerfs, but in actuality, it is still one of Renekton's best items. In my opinion, I think it's one of Renekton's best items due to the fact that it's still a cheap item. It has a really great build path too for an AD caster as well like Renekton having a core field, a pickaxe. There's a lot of good snowballing stats here that you can work with and also rush into your eclipse. It is not like D rune king where you have a vamper scepter, you have a curve bow, you have all these like weird items, right? Where you kind of delayed in your build path and you can't just shr build long swords and get into your main item. But compared to Eclipse, even if you are behind, you can easily finish it and it doesn't really hinder your own gameplay. Now, after we have built the Eclipse, I really like Eclipse 2 because of the whole utility this item gives you. It gives you max health damage, which is great at killing tanks. Now, yes, it got nerfed, but it's still really good. It's still good into this HP stacking meta of champions from mages, tanks, bruisers, ADCs. It still remains good for that. It scales across the whole game. The shield is really good, too. It promotes a really toxic play style Renekton, too, where you can constantly do trades under the enemy's turret, then quickly disengage, too, where the tower shot will eat the shield, and you basically take no damage. With that said, it's just really disgusting for snowballing at that point in the game. The stats are all really good for a bruiser like Renekton, which is all about high damage and high bursting. And more than anything, I think it's just a great first item. It's very safe, very straightforward, does its job. And more than often, I'm always playing this into melee champions, your bruiser matchup, squishy matchups, even range matchups to be honest with you because that shield is still really good for ank just being able to block a few vain auto attacks or even like Quinn's combo with the shield. It remains really great for that. and the shield comes up every six seconds which is also another big benefit to Eclipse as well on Renekton's training pattern even in mele matchups with W max and just having that up so you have this like really toxic play style right and that's why I really like the iron first and why I'm also building it in 90% of my games practically or let's say 80%. The next core item that we have here is black cleaver. Black cleaver might not be the strongest bruiser item at the moment just due to the fact that it's always in a weird spot for the game and even building it can feel a little bit underwhelming. The whole idea of this item is basically for the main stats though. If you can play Renekton really optimally and you have like a conqueror or something like that and you need it as like a first item, black cleaver can be really great for that especially into matchups like jacks general tanks like malight or this item can feel super strong. It can also complement you by being able to build sterox right after that. And if you're not even rushing the item, it's still a good second item, too. So, mainly we have cleaver core because it gives you, you know, a good amount of AD, gives you health, gives you cool down reduction, gives you armor shred, moon speed. Just think that it's giving you all these stats, which, you know, Renekton loves. Renekton loves all these stats, right? So, as a second item, it fits in well perfectly after Eclipse or even a first time into these like matchups that will outdamage you or have that extra armor can maybe stat check you if you did go Eclipse. clever and rains a really great purchase into them and even into those matchups too into these tanks or like these stonewally matchups that outscale you eventually your benefit that you want for your team is being able to have the armor shred and also to be very tanky in those mid to late game team fights. Hence why cleaver sterox also very good in that scenario. Otherwise, eclipse cleaver into your typical matchups and just having that extra stat variety which is going to help you scale as Renekton and also have a lot more playability into fights with more haste. So all in all, that basically explains the cleaver purchase and why we really like it. And after that, we have Sterox. Sterox you will not always get to buy as Renekton, but if you are playing bruiser and you do want to just be like a big meat shield, a big tank, someone that can take all sources of damage from true damage, magic damage, AD damage, Sterox gauge is great for that. I usually prefer it more than more mal Mortius because the shield that you are getting from Sterox covers everything. You also get AD that scales through the item, like having more base AD as you level up increases the item's attack damage. The shield is really great. Scales off your alt health, scales off your general health as well that you're building, which comes from all your items essentially. The tenacity 2 is also a really great option as well, be able to battle these like high CC comps, which lets Renekton play his role a lot easier because not having any tenacity can really suck as well as Renekton. So all in all, Sterox is a third item or second item if you go cleaver first is really great. So I might have a little infographic on the screen too again just to show you like when I build these items like in this order. So take from that what you will you know if you want to do this and you want like a little visual representation of what to do is on the screen right now. So let's say right now that we have built all three of these items or potentially let's say that maybe we need to slice some situational items into certain things like how do we recognize when to do that? So, for example, something that I didn't also talk about is Eclipse and Stridebreaker as a first and second item rush. You can do this into your range matchups or your primarily range team comps that you will play against as Renekton. This is more and so inspired from 3 in12 where he was doing this into these type of team comps and that would give him more utility to reach people. He'd have attack speed, he'd have the AD, the slows, health. This will give him the stats that he needs to stat check over them and also have that consistent damage and that that catch ability for his team to jump onto them and have that utility for himself and his teammates to make more plays happen. That is an example of when you would take that into these range matchups. But aside from that, I don't think Stridebreaker is really that strong outside of that. So that is the only point you'd really be taking this item if you are going the setup here. But if we do go back into like the whole idea of like let's say we have Eclipse clever sterox, what do we build next? So, our items that we have here in situational are also down to the situations that we're in. Are we playing against a lot of burst damage with a lot of AD champions from assassins, maybe even burst AP champions? We can take death stance. Death stance is great as a fourth item because the item still giving you AD. It gives you armor. It also gives you a damage reduction passive and because you have that as well, it does make you super super tanky. And if you do kill someone, it completely removes that damage you would be taking over time and converts it into health. So, it is like another item where you can be a raid boss and you can potentially like just onev9 the fights, but it does come under the price that it can be hard to build at that point in the game as it's like a pretty expensive item on top of the fact that the components can be a little bit awkward. So, if you are looking for a quicker power spike at that point in the game, death stance doesn't really give you that like some of the other items we have here. So, you do have to keep that into account. But, if you are really fed and you do want to have that extra survivability against burst champions, death stance is super good for that. Let's say as well that if you do want to round off the build with a death stance, we could go G as well into those heavy AD comps or just if you want to play like to end the game faster, G can be very good. And while it's not like the most played item at the moment, situationally, it can be good just as a last item in just being able to have that extra second wind in a fight. If you do die, if the enemy focuses you, you're going to come right back up. Your team's also going to be attacking as well and winning the fight off the fact that you have two sets of health bars, which Renekton really thrives from. or even the fact that if the enemy doesn't focus you because you have a GA, then you get to pop off and do all your fingers well as Renekton. So, it's a great psychological edge of an item that you can have and you can build it as well as the last time if you really need to in those close games. But, let's say though that you don't want to go AD and you do want to build more towards countering the enemy team comp, random fourth IM or even third IM if you need to build against that crit before your Sterox can be super good too. Champions like Draven, Lucian, Civer, you name it. anyone that has a crit, Yasu Yon, there's too many champions, right? This IM is absolutely OP versus them and I don't see I don't know why I don't see it more often honestly for its gold price and for the fact that it's minus 30% crit damage you're taking while giving you also up to 75 armor. It is absolutely disgusting on top of a slow. It is like so overloaded as an item. I just don't know why people don't build it. And if you build this item, you're basically free winning into a lot of these range comps that do build crit or potentially champions that are building crit as a mele champion is a super broker not to have. So if you are looking for an item that can just like help you jump into the fights like dashing, you can slow around you. You can tank all the damage for your team, random is super good into AD crit stackers. So always build it into these team comps. Following on from that, if you are in a point of a game where there is mixed damage going on from the fact there's a lot of AD and magic damage and you need to like overload your stats to survive against them, Jack show is also very good after the sterox too. So I highly recommend it more so when you're playing into these mixture damage of comps because obviously you want both of those stats. You can't really just build one of these items at these points in the game because you are punished by the other source of damage. So the whole way you counter against that is by building Jack show. Now, Jack show isn't the greatest item, admittedly, compared to what it used to be. But I think it's still good in these scenarios, and if you are fed enough, it is going to win you the game and it's still going to help you carry those games out with these extra stats. But let's say that to juxtapose the damage that it isn't mainly the AD that is doing damage and it's more so a heavy magic damage comp, then Kynic is super good for that. Kynic is absolutely great because the shield that you get is really huge combined with the fact that Renekton already has a lot of health. So you're overstacking on these like giant health sources of like stats where you're unable to be killed by an AP champion on top of a steric shield too. It makes absolutely broken. Even the health regen is underrated. I actually notice it working quite a lot compared to other items with health regen. And I think it's actually super good and another reason you should build it too. And even we haven't even talked about the magic resist it gives you too. This iron gives you so much magic resist. It's absolutely crazy. And if you are just building this iron, it can just freewing you a game as well on top of a merk tread. So definitely build into high AP champions or champions that can burst you down with magic damage like Evelyn or Leblanc of something of that nature. And lastly in uh the builds here, we do have Spear Sojin too. So is an interesting item because I'm not the biggest fan of it. However, since the Renekton al buffs and also the fact that his cooldowns can be quite low. Renekton can abuse this item quite a bit in the fact that he can get a lot of damage off despite the fact that it doesn't really work on his W apart from the first tip. But on top of your Q and your E cool downs and your alult damage stacking with Sojin, it does make this item actually pretty good. Now, I think it's personally better into games where you already are snowballing. Maybe you can build as a second item if the enemy doesn't have any armor stackers instead of black cleaver. But, um, let's say that if you don't want to build it second either, you can build it as like a third item if like the enemy doesn't have much burst damage and you don't need to go sterox more than often. It can be good for that if you just want to snowball a game. If you just want to end a game with your damage and just your carry potential, knowing the enemy has low threat against you, spear soldier can be very good and it can also be a purchase that you can make. I do want to try more builds myself with spear soldier involved since the old buffs were made also free in one did point that out to me that it could feel good and it does feel good for him. Yeah, I will come back onto that section of the build. But for like my own question too to you guys is that like if you do play it, how do you feel about the item? Is there any builds that like you like that you enjoy? Any items that I'm missing out here? If so, leave in the comments below and I will also consider it to play in my own games. All right, guys. Now, it is time to talk about the second bruiser playar build. Now, you guys might remember that recently I did make a fun video where I was really far ahead in one of my games and I did build blood mail as an item since the buffs I made to it. And this item managed to give me 612 AD. And I'm not even just saying this is clickbait. Like in the video, I literally was like comfortably staying at 580 on top of having like a couple Infernal Dragons, but still I wasn't even full build at that point. And I think the potential of this build could be a lot better than I thought. So overall, I think the whole idea of this build is essentially to play it when the enemy has a lack of health shred. Now, if the enemy doesn't have that, you can basically run away with this build, which I probably will build more so into tanks or champions where I'm building cleaver first anyways. So if I do build cleaver into sterox, I'm already quite a raid boss at that point with all my high health that I have and also my mixture of stats which give me a ton of AD and also a lot of diverse stats. And then I top it off third with a blood mail. Blood mail basically gives me that additional giant power spike at that point in the game where my high health is going to just basically run over everyone. I'm like a full raid boss, you know, and it really gives me that like whole fantasy of it too. Like it's actually feels really crazy when you get to that point with a blood mail. And then after that, you can basically just like itemize like whatever you want for the game. I think in the the game that I did, I went death stance just to give me that extra AD. I do mainly recommend building resistant items with this though, however, because you don't want to be too full HP because someone only needs to build a bork and then your whole health that you've built is completely irrelevant. So building an item like death stance or random jack show, this is going to really compensate the build for your fourth iron at that point. So I highly recommend that. You could even build a jack show third here in this build. So you're automatically already tanky and have the main stats that you need. And then four five you can go bloodmail. But for me I could either go these three items here into death stands and then finish off with a titanic for fun where I would get like up to 500 AD and also just been able to one-shot with my W consistently or I can also just go Jack show here and then also like finish off with another situation I am in Kick or Randuins or wherever I may need for Mal whatever it takes right to win the game. So again, I'm only showing this build here because I think it's really fun and I want to see more people play it. I've not really seen many people play it because I think it's still under the radar because people don't really remember Blood Mail being an item. But I definitely recommend to check it out if like you're already so fed and you just want to have like a fun game of being a raid boss. Highly recommend it. Highly recommend it. The only con that I will give though as well on top of the fact that health shredders do ruin this build is the fact that the items cost so much. Blood Mile is a lot of gold and even Sterex to finish off can be a little bit awkward sometimes. Just keep in mind that you do want to be fed. You don't want to be building this when you're behind. That is probably like the main takeaway that I have here when it comes to these builds. So, just make sure you're ahead and then the build should feel pretty good and you should be feeling like an absolute beast at this point with these items. With that said though, there's not much else to really take away from this like play style here. It's just more the fact that you it is like a build to play into tanks because that's where I find it to be the best currently. So, guys, it is now time to talk about the JOT build more so. I mean, there's a lot of names this build goes by. It can be full ID. It could be Jot. Could be whatever the hell we want to call it really. Like the assassin Renekton. Not so much lethality Renekton which gets mistaken for a lot of Renekton's full damage play styles, but it has got some lethality elements of course. But basically this build is the highest damage build you can possibly go on Renekton and also the most fun too. On the screen too, you might also notice that I do have boots on here because they are very important when it comes to Jot. Now, the reason why it's so important, like we talked about before, is the way Jolt works is that every individual stat that you have will be converted into a stack. And that stack will give you ID at reaching five or 10 or it will give you heist per each individual stats. So, with that mouthful being said, these two items really make a difference because Mercury Treads gives you free stats, right? It gives you magic resist, movement speed, and tenacity. So, free stacks already from one item is quite a lot. And typically you can end up gaining all your JOT stacks by even like two and a half iron mark with Mercury treads because we'll have magic resist tenacity, moon speed, AD, health from a Doran's blade, ability haste, attack speed from uh the B components, lethality out of combat moon speed, and even life steal from the Doran's blade or even from your blade ruin king. So again, it's a lot to kind of visualize at the moment because it's basically me naming stats, but the whole point is like you easily get the stacks that fast if you got maku treads. But that's not always the case though because not every game you can go with the merku tread. So sometimes you need to go apply steel caps which you can build earlier but then you do need to obviously get an extra stat which can come from either building shelder right after these three core items or it can also be magic resist if you need it in that point in the game. With that being said about the boots though that's just what I want to really establish with this and like why I put it here because the build can change depending on the situation of the game. Let's take a step back and talk more about the core items. So here we have Eclipse. Once again, for me, Eclipse is just Renekton's best item, and I'm going to put it here first because it's very consistent. It also basically sets you up into building full AD or even pivoting into bruiser. Like sometimes the game might just be really complicated and maybe the enemies are already fed at that point when I have one item. So then I could just quickly pivot into bruiser just to have that playability in Midame fights if I need to play that way. Or potentially I need to also change it up by going another item earlier on than I normally would like rune king second instead or something like that or even cleaver. So, with that being said, really like it just depends, right? Like Eclipse is a great starting item like no matter what, right? Either that's going to influence me to go full damage if I know I can do it in the game or if I need to be that full damage dealer or I can also go cruiser and tanky for my teammates and just being able to win certain parts of the game. But let's say for the purpose of the build that I need to be the damage dealer, I need to be that 1v9 carry. With that in my mind, I will then build the following items. So ghost blade is a really great item on Renekton because this basically supplements him with additional moon speed, lethality. Like this item gives you a lot of great big stats that you need just in being able to reach people more consistently, being able to roam the map as well and dominate which is really great for Renekton's second item power spike. So having all those stats and that extra playability too in being able to make players and roam the map and be at places faster than your opponents. Ghostbite is super good for that on top of it also being a very easy item path to build. And because you're also full damage as well, you're going to be one-shotting people and carrying that damage from your eclipse as well through that point in the game. So, you're absolutely a behemoth to behold and you will just basically dominate the games too if you play it right with this item. But, um, that being said though, sometimes going ghost bite second isn't always great, especially into like some bruiser matchups, right? Things like Darius or maybe like tanks like Scion, things that are like very high health, that can be quite a problem sometimes to get that ghost bite second. So to validate your snowballing lead and your strength in side lane, you can also go by the rune king. Buy rune king second is also a great choice in being able to outduel people and be able to have that oneshot damage. You can also build it first time if you want to, but like I said before with bork versus eclipse. I think eclipse is a lot more consistent than a bladder ruin king personally, but you can build bladder ruin king around the second or third item mark and it will feel really good at that point. But something I also do want to mention as well to compare book and ghost bladder on like what to build second. It's really dependent on you because Bour is by far the higher damage item in Sideline and 1 v one, right? But the thing that Bour doesn't have over Ghostbite is the fact that it's harder to build because the items take more time to to build through the components compared to Ghostb which is easier to build. Ghostbite gives you more macro opportunities to roam the map, roam to dragons, play off red trinket and roam botside and like kill anyone that comes your way. It's like a reverse plan, right? So, do you want to stay inside lane? Do you want to pressure a lane? you want to go bot right after and play to split push by rune king second is great for that. Do you want to play the map? Do you want to play for macro and roaming to every objective and skirmishes? Ghostblade second is great for that. Now, when it comes to third item, you're basically building the item that you haven't already built. So, if you haven't built ghost blade, build ghost blade. If you haven't built bor, build b. Now, after your core items, sharel is probably the item you mainly want to go here in this full damage build because this is going to ensure you that you're going to have that oneshot damage for the rest of the game. Sheler's overall spike in the percentage armor pen is absolutely disgusting, especially compared to Black Cleaver. Black cleaver isn't as good as Sheld as a damage item due to the fact that it takes a while to even stack the black lever stacks. So half of your damage that you're using from your abilities is trying to stack the cleaver. While Shredder is already applied from the start. So if you W someone, you're already going to have that strike pen compared to black cleaver where you're applying the stacks. So theoretically, it's more damage. You have more burst power as well on top of a bladder and rune king percentage damage from Eclipse and Lealy from Ghostblade. It's absolutely crazy and you can like melt anyone's armor really hard as well with your empower on top of Shelder and the lefthaltty. So you can basically make even tanks on factor if you combo correctly too. So with that point it just makes Renekton really strong and that's where like the build really like peaks in its actual damage and viability for Renekton. So following on from that like to your last item or maybe if you can't build the shrer you need to go defensive. There are some other options too. Obviously death stance and GA can be built as well if you don't need that pen. It is like a good defensive item just to live in the game if you need it against AD champions or even just burst damage champions in general. Maybe the enemy is still kiting you. Maybe it's hard to even reach them and that you need like an armor item against like ranged AD carriers. I actually value Dead Man's here. Dead mans is also very good because I think it's a very unique item that people don't play enough of. the armor, the moon speed you get, even the additional damage on hit does all factor in the slow, which makes a really good item at this point in the game as well for like a fourth item or maybe even third item if you need like a defensive item uh from the get- go. But um yeah, like it's good into range champions. I'd say good like in comps where you're getting kited. So that is also a factor as well that you can play if you want to. There is also items like Triforce here, which is more so an item that you would build if the enemy didn't have high health stackers. So like 3 in1's build which is this is obviously very you know inspired from and it is also like who made this build technically as well. So big credit to free one as well the man the goat of Renekton. So he would go Triforce in games like where the enemy doesn't have like a lot of health stackers and he wants that high damage burst from Triforce in his build. He would apply his B with a Triforce instead. And while I don't do it really enough, I do just want to like basically talk about here that you can do it if the enemy has a lot of squishy champions and it's like really fun to play. But more than that though, I still think I like Blair Rune King more for the stats it's giving me. And also I think it's more a Renekton's identity for an item to have compared to Triforce, which is very clunky as well with playing off the sheen and it not being fully consistent through fights I feel like to use unless you're against a higher health enough target. So all in all, it is like a consideration nevertheless and you can build it just for fun if you want to or you can build it as a last item too just for extra damage just for your W. So that is also like another late game item you can have. But let's say as well that maybe the enemy has high burst damage, maybe a lot of magic damage champions too. We can also substitute our earlier items or maybe even at full point to go more just so we can live longer on top of the fact that the shield is also scaling off all the AD you're going to have which makes um more obviously more playable for Renekton in this state compared to like a kynic for instance which obviously you can then buy as well. For me though, however, I don't really see myself really liking more that much. And I'd probably just go force of nature as well, which isn't here. But I like force of nature. It's like my alternative moon speed item in being able to reach people more consistently, stay in fights longer versus consistent AP damage threats, which um it's very good for, and that is also a consideration as well. Another item we also have here that we haven't really talked about is Edge of Night. Edge of Knight is really good as well into champions that do have like a one-click ability that can stop you from reaching them. full ID Renekton really loves edge of knight because if there's a champion like Syndra or even Vain that wants to push you away or stun you, it can lose you all momentum and even get you killed. So, it is also just very important in the fact that it is going to help you out in being able to survive and also make a play. But obviously, one thing I want to also like consider as well with you guys is edge of knight is a very high skill ceiling item and you need to play it really well. So, if you are going to build this item, don't just run into any enemy abilities because once you lose that shield that is going to cost you a fight. It's quite a long cool down considering at that point in the game you'd buy it like 45 seconds where a fight might happen every minute. It's quite a big deal. So you want to at least like try and play around hiding in fog of war, waiting with red trinket, waiting for the right moment to flash W in and avoid that main CC you're looking for. So once again, very situational against certain champions that have a stun and just a good late game item to have as well in general. But yeah, that is basically the whole ideology of playing these items with JO and just the full ID play style just to visualize it out for you guys. Eclipse, Ghostblade, Bork, Shelder, and then maybe like death stance last into enemy AD burst champions. Potentially a G as well if you want to survive a late game fight and just have that additional second wind can be very good. Maybe try a force if the enemy has less threats and you want like a full damage build for fun. Maybe even build like a random at some point before you shelter if the enemy has high crit. Maybe force of nature or you can you can still go kanic too. Honestly, it's whatever you think you need for the game. That is basically what Renekton immization is all about. As long as you build the right item for the game and you basically build the core items here, you're going to be doing a lot of damage. You're going to be scaling. You're going to be this insane monster of a champion. If you're like really good at Renekton and you can pilot him in a way where you're not getting him killed instantly. You're playing like an assassin, waiting for the right times to go in, roaming at the right times, playing off red trinket. That is the beauty of this play style and the skill ceiling of it. So, the better you are at these fundamentals of playing like an assassin, the better you're going to be as a full ID champion like Renekton. But yeah, guys, that is essentially it from my runes, items, and build guide because I don't think there's much else to talk about. There are some little other builds, too, like 3 in1's tank hot steel build. I tried playing it myself, though, and it isn't for me. That's all I'm going to say. And I'm only going to tell you builds that I personally rate and enjoy. So, this is basically what I feel. This is what's been working for me up towards 300 LP currently in Masters. I'm not playing so much games, but I can tell you though that I think Renekton fills in a great spot. Renekton at the end of the day is all about your mental. If you have a good mental, you're very clear-minded, you're building the right items, you're playing your combos properly, your mechanic ability overall, Renekton feels like an insane champion. So, if you can find ways to maintain that consistency in that game play, Renekton is ultimately going to feel really great. And moving on from that too, I do want to make more guides too which are going to go more into these specific fundamentals of playing this champion like through fury management, animation cancels, mechanics, laning ability, everything that you guys want to see, right? So, I'm going to work on that. It's been a while since I made a guide, so hopefully this is a lot better than I did make before. And hopefully it has taught you guys something today, too. If you guys enjoyed this style of video and you want to see more, make sure to leave in the comments below. And again, I do just want to say thank you very much for watching this video. You know, it's been a long video as these guides always are with build guides. It always fries my brain up to. So hopefully I explain things in the most clear and visual detail as possible. If not, leave a comment below and I'll try to explain more in the comment section on what I'm trying to elaborate on if there's anything that you missed. But yeah, guys, thank you very much for watching. Thank you for hitting 10K subscribers with me. You know, it's been a wild ride and it's the beginning of a long way ahead of us and I'm going to try my best to keep doing what I can. So, thank you all for watching and I will see you all next time. So, peace out and have a good
