Title: PART 1 | Reborn, I Won't Bully Her Anymore!!! | LuGuo Life
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmMzeP-k4oI

Content:
Chapter 1. So, this is Rebirth. The opening is a bit explosive. I wrote this under a pseudonym just for fun at the time and didn't take it seriously, but it will get better later. Trust me. Crying face. Deep blue star China at the school gate of Pearl City. No. One high school. The 9:00 p.m. Moonlight was incredibly bright, spilling onto the students waiting for transport along with the gentle night breeze. The expressions on the faces of the students by the gate were hard to describe. Some looked conflicted, some angry, others regretful. And there was no shortage of those who were gloating. The only thing they had in common was that they were all looking collectively toward the western suburbs. When Juan has been taken away by Goam, there's no telling what might happen. A bunch of grown men dragging a girl away. Just think about what's going to happen to her. This Goam is a total animal. A male student said, his face full of resentment. So angry. Then why didn't you stop them just now? TCH, if my brother were here, forget your brother. Even if your old man were here, it wouldn't make a difference. Ah, the girl you can't let go of. Someone else has probably already let something in. A freckled chubby girl remarked. [ __ ] shut up. That one sentence from the chubby girl completely broke several of the boys, but they were at their wits end and lacked the guts to stop him. That was Gone. He wasn't just some ordinary bad student anymore. He was a full-blown delinquent, the kind with a truly notorious reputation. Not studying all day was the least of it. The real issue was that he actually fought. He fought inside the school and he fought outside of it, too. People hadn't hated him so much before because whenever kids from other schools came looking for trouble, it was basically Gi Fong who handled it. But today, who knows what madness had gotten into him to go and drag when one away. In an abandoned construction site in the suburbs of the city, a girl wearing a school uniform was cornered against a pillar by several classmates dressed in outlandish clothing. It was exactly when one who had been taken away. She bit her lip gently, her right hand supporting her left elbow, her slightly disheveled hair caught by a broken hair tie. The blue school uniform pants were covered in dust with a hole torn through one of the knees. The pulled hair, the dust covered pants, and the torn knees, it was easy to imagine what had happened to her earlier. For instance, being violently grabbed by the hair and dragged here. When one lowered her head and turned away, her expression remaining cold. She did not speak to beg for mercy, yet her slightly trembling fingers betrayed her state of mind. Having been brought to this place, an abandoned construction site in the suburbs by these men, she had already prepared herself for the worst. Yet Goam, standing before her, had a vacant look in his eyes. At this moment, memories flooded back like a surging tide, forcibly jamming into his mind. His head throbbed with pain. He had been reborn. And it wasn't just a simple rebirth. He had first transmigrated once, experienced all manner of trials, and now he had been reborn back here. He remembered that the world he had previously transmigrated to was called Earth. But this place was Deep Blue Star. Although the culture and such were very similar to his home nation, it was an entirely different place. According to his memories, the current year was 2012, his third year of high school. Logically speaking, with the experience of a lifetime on Earth and having gone through a transmigration, he should have become much more mature. Even after being reborn, he should have been able to remain calm in the face of change. But the painful reality was that the version of him from the deep blue star era. His past was simply too embarrassing to look back on a hood. No, one high school a delinquent youth spending his days smoking and getting into fights. Actually, none of that was the real problem. The absurd part was that he during this period was also a seasoned s obsessed with a girl named Guushi wedding to the point of being unable to extricate himself. Even Jiong had to let out a sigh when he looked back on the parts of his memories involving Guushi wedding. She was his white moonlight. The one he treasured like a precious gem. The one who haunted his dreams. The one he held so carefully he was afraid she might shatter. Every morning he'd bring her breakfast. He replied to her messages in seconds, ensured she always had her favorite milk tea, carried her shopping bags, and curated birthday surprises. If someone offended her, Gone would be the one to settle the score for her. If she got angry for no reason, Gone would willingly become her punching bag, letting her vent until her mood improved. Fine. Doing all of that didn't really mean much. A s is a s. Plenty of people have played that role. It was no big deal. But the problem was that they hadn't known each other since elementary school. He had been her lap dog for three years in middle school and another 3 years in high school only to end up with this one sentence from Guushi wedding. Being friends is fine. I don't want to date right now. Then on Guushi Wedding's Q space, he saw her officially announce her relationship with Yin Hong Hao, an honor student at school. The two of them changed their social media bios too. So glad to have met you, mister Yen. Thankful to have you for the rest of my life. Ms. Gu. This wasn't even the most outrageous part. Even more absurd was that after Guushi wedding and Yin Hong Hao made it official, Jiong continued to gravel and fawn over her for several more years. He kept at it until they got married. And at the wedding reception, he even said something utterly abstract. She wedding. Congratulations. I wish you both happiness. Then overindulging in alcohol, he died of alcohol poisoning, bringing his wretched life to an end. After death, he transmigrated to a place called Earth. Having experienced all sorts of things in that life, he finally awakened. He worked hard and eventually achieved a measure of success on Earth. Yet, after finding success, his personality became silent and reclusive. This was because the version of him on Earth was all alone. He had no lover, no family, and not even a single friend. When the urge to talk suddenly struck, he would look around and find no one there. It seemed as though he lacked nothing. Yet, it felt as if he had nothing at all. Aside from throwing money at the night and gales and swallows and nightclubs, he didn't even have anyone he cared enough about to entrust his life to. Waking from a midnight dream, he had often wondered what he would do if he were given another chance. Right now, this was perhaps the opportunity that the heavens had bestowed upon him. It was just that the timing left Jong feeling rather helpless. If he had been reborn a little earlier, the situation wouldn't be this dire. Take the current moment for instance, because Yin Hongo had come to the class to see Wuan several times, rumors had spread that they were dating. And then in this month's mock exams, when Nuan's scores completely surpassed Guushi Weddings, it wasn't just a slight lead. She had pulled ahead by over a dozen points, putting her in a league of her own. Seeing this, Guushi Wedding had broken down in tears. Goam, that spineless s, had brought her here for two reasons. first to vent his anger on Guushi Wedding's behalf and second to take revenge on Yin Hongo. What the [ __ ] hell? Searching through the memories of this incident, he recalled that at the time his heart had been set on Guushi wedding and despite his daily troublemaking, he'd known where to draw the line. He hadn't committed any truly depraved acts. However, he had set Wuan's school bag on fire and left her there, abandoning her to her fate. Yes, his behavior had been bestial, but the even more monstrous part was yet to come. Because when one hadn't returned home until far too late, her mother had gone out to search for her, and died in a car accident on the way. When one apparently had no father, it could be said that her mother was the only kin she had to rely on. Losing her mother, managing the funeral, facing the pressure from relatives, all these burdens were heaped upon a young girl. As for Wuan, she spent her days and a days after having her coursework delayed. From that point on, when Juan, once the top student in the entire school, spiraled into depression and ultimately failed the college entrance exam, choosing to end her own life. On this night, his actions had cost Wuan nearly everything. Whenever he looked back on this night after his awakening, Jiong felt a crushing sense of guilt. What was the meaning of standing here again? Was it for redemption? He reached for a cigarette out of habit, but upon hearing when let out a soft cough, Jong froze for a moment before simply dropping the cigarette on the ground and crushing it under his heel. The girl was within arms reach. Beneath her raven black hair lay a neck as white as snow. And even the faint smudges of dust on her face could not conceal her fair skin and exquisite beauty. Looking down, her slightly puffed out school uniform was enough to obscure her feet. Jiong had to pull back slightly just to catch a glimpse of her ripped jeans. The poignant fractured beauty of it made Jiangs heart skip a beat. A woman who cannot see her own toes when she looks down is already a supreme beauty of the mortal world. as if she had heard Jiangs words when Nuan's eyebrows twitched. Their eyes met, and Jiong saw a flicker of confusion in hers, followed immediately by endless indifference. A helpless young girl, currently being pinned against the wall by him. Sigh. If this girl went back any later, her mother would be struck and killed by a car. Yet, here he was, still in the mood to appraise her figure. Jong felt a splitting headache and pinched the bridge of his nose. This girl was a massive nuisance. He suddenly let go, his face showing a lack of interest and recalling that earlier nonchalant tone, he said. Tch bullying a girl really isn't any fun. Fine, you can go. This is my first time writing an urban novel. I hope everyone can be patient if there are some rough patches in the beginning. It will get better and better. Trust me, brothers. Chapter 2. The Ghostfire Youth. Wait, Fong, didn't you say before that? Hearing that Jiong intended to just call it off, his lackey, who lived for chaos, spoke up. He was immediately silenced by a death glare from Gong. What? You got a problem? The one who had tried to speak up didn't dare make another peep. Loui. Gone remembered him. In truth, a lot of the things he'd done in his past life hadn't been inherently evil. It was just that back then, he lacked any real sense, always getting egged on by this guy, which inevitably led to an irreversible outcome. The business with dragging Win here today had actually been instigated by Lui's constant needling. This guy was a master of acting apart, calling him Fong Gi to his face while cursing him as a brainless idiot behind his back. Though to be fair, he had been a brainless idiot back then. Gone let go and said, looking utterly nonchalant. God damn it. A bunch of grown men bullying a girl. That's some pathetic bottom of the barrel [ __ ] I'm not doing. [ __ ] it. We're done here. Everyone go home. Back to your own mom's. Get lost. So, all right, Fong Gi, we're heading out. Dodding, the big guy leading the group, said he'd felt that bullying a girl like this wasn't right anyway. But since Jong had been the one calling the shots, he hadn't found it easy to object. Piss off, piss off. Don't forget to bring me a soda tomorrow morning. You got it. Watching his lackeyis disperse, Jong turned back to Wuan, who was still staring at him. What are you still looking at? Go. Though Enuan was baffled as to why Jiong had suddenly called off his vile behavior, the prospect of not being bullied anymore was at the very least a relief. She scrambled to her feet, ready to leave. Jiong suddenly called out to her, "Hey, wait." Hearing his voice, when Muan stopped in her tracks, she didn't speak, just watched him with guarded eyes. Her cold, clear gaze was filled with weariness and suspicion. Being stared at like a predator by a beauty made Jong feel more than a little awkward, but there was no use trying to justify himself. Things had already escalated to this point, and trying to scrub his reputation clean would be an uphill battle. He simply picked up her tattered school bag from the ground, and as he handed it to her, channeled the cocky, punk-like persona he'd once worn so well. Here, validictorian. When when heard him call her that, her icy expression shifted ever so slightly before snapping back to its original state. She wanted to say thank you, but immediately realized there was absolutely no reason to. Thank him for what? For dragging her here against her will? For snapping her hair tie? He had simply stopped bullying her. Was she supposed to be grateful for the absence of his abuse? That made no sense. She silently shouldered her bag and began walking toward the edge of the construction site. Jiong pulled his phone out of his pocket to check the time. It was past 10. They were on the outskirts of the city, and when's home was in the exact opposite direction. If he let her walk back, it would take her at least 2 hours. It would be well past midnight by the time she arrived. Jiong didn't know the specific details of this night from his memories. Back then, he had been too busy living in his own bubble, obsessed with kissing up to Guushi wedding. He only vaguely remembered some rumors at school later on when Juan's mother must have gone out to look for her when she hadn't returned by midnight, which was when the accident happened. Their night study session ended at 9:00. Being an hour late was one thing, but if she didn't show up by midnight, her mother would definitely be frantic. Gi stroked his chin, wondering how to find an excuse to give her a ride home. The problem was, what kind of reason could he give that would actually make her willing to get on his bike? He stared at his scooter parked in the empty lot. Asterisk TCH a piece of [ __ ] ghost fire bike asterisk. When one walked quickly once Gone let her go, she made a beline for the construction site gate. With no watch and no phone, she could only estimate the time based on how long she'd been held up. She looked at the moon and frowned slightly. It must be very late by now, and her mother would be worried. Her mother's health was poor. She was frail and suffered from a serious heart condition. Intense exertion was bad for her heart. And when Juan was terrified that if she returned too late, her mother would have run out to look for her. Thinking of this, when Juan tightened her grip on her bag straps, her pace quickening even more. Vroom vroom vroom. The sound of a scooter exhaust followed right behind her, moving at a slow crawl. Hearing the noise, the frown that hadn't left when Nuan's face deepened. She knew Gi Phone was coming and he was tailing her, "Hey, get on. I'll give you a lift." Hearing Jiangs voice when Nuan's first reaction was asterisk, "What kind of scheme is this guy pulling now? Does he regret letting me go? asterisk. Her manners and upbringing forced a response, though her voice remained ice cold. Thanks, but no. Giong suddenly accelerated, then slammed on the brakes, cutting her off with his scooter. He pulled a flashy, over-the-top expression, his tone dripping with arrogance as he gestured back toward the construction site. "What? Not interested? Or do you want to head back there? Because right now, it's just you and me." Faced with his threat, when Muan baldled her fists, the intimidation made her blood boil. She was a simple student, but she was never a coward, and she wouldn't bend to a thug like Gone. I won't get on your bike. I'd rather Before she could finish her retort, Gone cut her off. Stop with the [ __ ] Be sensible and get on. It's so late already. What time do you think you'll get home walking like this? You're the top of the class. Can't you do simple addition? When one, you don't want your mother to be worried sick, do you? When Juan paused, Jiangs logic actually hit home. Compared to his earlier threats to drag her back to the site, this appeal to her mother's well-being was something she could actually accept. "If I'm too late, mom really will be worried," she thought to herself. She looked up at Goam, who was perched on his Ghost Fire scooter. Ride with Goam. The ribbons on the handlebars, the ridiculous exhaust, the goddy stickers all over the frame. Everything about it made her want to recoil. But he was right. While she stood there caught in hesitation, Ji Fangs voice came again. What are you standing there for? The more you agonize, the longer it takes. Get on the bike and you'll be home sooner. You're not the only person in the world who has a mom. I have one too, and I'm waiting to get home to see mine. When Muan turned her head away, she was a decisive person by nature. Once she made up her mind, there was no need to dwell on it. She climbed onto the back, shifting her weight as far to the rear of the seat as possible to keep her distance. Gi couldn't be bothered to care. He just didn't want the current version of himself to keep creating bad karma. Hold on tight. Here we go. The moment the bike lurched forward when Juan, who had no experience on a motorbike, jerked backward and nearly fell off. Jon glanced back at her. Wuan's beautiful face was flushed. But the coldness in her eyes was even more pronounced than before. "I embarrassment," Jiong didn't care what she was feeling. He just didn't want her to fall off by accident. "What if she died? Hold on to the sides. There are handles." "Oh," when one murmured, gripping the metal bar at the back of the seat. Goam rode smoothly, and the two were silent the whole way. Then when a dump truck ran a red light, Gongo slammed on the brakes, caught off guard when Nuan slammed directly into his back. The impact left Goam completely stunned. How is one supposed to describe the world hidden beneath a school uniform? Chapter 3. Love you, Mom. When Nuan stumbled into Goam, her hands instinctively pushing him away. Her voice was as thin as a mosquito's hum. I'm sorry. Well, what do you know? She actually thought it was her fault. This girl was truly a far cry from the ice cold queen. She acted like every other day. Gone blinked a few times, still reeling from the impact before turning his gaze toward the disappearing dump truck and spitting out a string of curses. What are you apologizing for? That's not on you. I don't know what kind of brain dead [ __ ] for brains is driving that truck. Is he rushing to his own funeral? [ __ ] sake. Listening to Ji Fangs tirade when simply kept her head down. No comment, no agreement. Back on the road, perhaps because of the little interlude, when's resistance seemed to have softened just a fraction. Whenever the scooter slowed for a red light, she would take the initiative to push off his waist with her hands, keeping a sliver of space between them. That was the only physical contact they shared throughout the ride. Jong didn't deliberately speed up to manufacture contact, nor did he drag his feet to waste time. He pulled into the urban village where Wuan lived at a steady pace. It was already 11:10 p.m. It was late, so late that her mother, Wong Yakin, was already waiting for her at the entrance of the alley. under her mother's slightly bewildered gaze. When Juan hopped off Jiangs bike, "Mom, I'm home." When Juan whispered, eyes cast downward. Wong Yakan looked quite haggarded. You could still see the traces of her former beauty in her bone structure, but the ravages of illness, the passage of time, and the weight of daily hardships had stripped away her radiance. Now, she was just an average middle-aged woman who bore a five-point resemblance to her daughter. Wong Yakins eyes flickered, darting back and forth between Go and Win for a long, heavy moment. Why are you back so late? Not knowing how to explain things to her mother when Juan just hung her head, twisting the straps of her school bag. The cold, distant girl who stood like a statue at school was nothing but a timid little chick in front of her mother, shivering, not daring to make a sound. Gi foam, an old pro at these things, knew that if he didn't intervene, when one's mother wouldn't let this slide, a girl coming home late with a reckless scooter punk, it was far too easy for a mother's imagination to run wild. The whole thing started because of him, so it had to end with him. He had to stand up like a man. Goam scratched his head, putting on his best dorky student expression. Auntie, I'm G. Foam. You see, with the college entrance exams coming up, the teachers started this one-on-one tutoring program. The high achievers are helping the ones who are struggling to catch up. It helps them review while boosting the others grades. I'm the one being helped. Haha. I'm really sorry for keeping Wan out so long. I was worried you'd be anxious, so I insisted on driving her home to explain personally. Hearing Ji Fangs explanation, the suspicion in Wong Yakins eyes faded slightly. She looked at Wuan with all the tenderness only a mother could possess. Wuan, is that what this Gclassmate says? Mhm. Yes, I've been tutoring Goam. Lying to her mother filled Wuan with such guilt that her palms were slick with sweat. She bowed her head even lower. Wong Yak and stared at her daughter for a moment, deep in thought, then shifted her gaze back to Jiong. After sizing him up, the lines around her eyes softened with maternal warmth. She chuckled. Helping classmates is a good thing, but it shouldn't take this late. If you need to tutor G, maybe schedule it for the weekends. That would be more reasonable. Don't do this again. It worries me. Though her words were directed at Wuan, Wong Yakins eyes remained locked on Jong. Giong didn't show any cracks. He kept a respectful distance from Wuan, keeping his acting skills sharp. Thanks to his previous life's experiences, he could control his demeanor with ease. Every trace of that hooligan's arrogance was absent. His school uniform was zipped up, hiding the flashy clothes underneath. Truth be told, other than the ghost fire scooter behind him, he looked every bit like a serious, studious youth. At the very least, his vibe was perfect. Auntie is right. From now on, well stick to the weekends for tutoring. Wong Yaken nodded slightly. Good. Well, Little G, it's too late tonight for me to invite you in for a snack. Come by again next time you're here to help Little Muan, and I'll treat you properly. Auntie, you're too kind. You two should get inside. It's freezing out here. I'd better get going, too. If I'm any later, I'm afraid my mom will skin me alive. Wong Yaken laughed at his joking tone. Then hurry home. Goodbye, Annie. Hey, little Nan, aren't you going to say goodbye to your classmate? When Nuan stared at Jamo, who was already turning to leave, a strange look flickering across her cold, pretty face. Weekends tutoring. He wasn't actually going to show up, was he? Gone. Goodbye. Mhm. See you tomorrow. Watching Gone ride off, the smile on Wong Yakins face slowly faded. She turned to look at Wuan, who once again lowered her head. Have you eaten? Not yet. Wan had expected Wong Yakin to interrogate her about the night's events, followed by the usual round of criticism and lectures. Her mother was always like that, but unexpectedly, Wong Yakan didn't ask. Let's go inside. Okay. What do you think of this classmate? Gone. Him? He's all right, I guess. Wu one replied sounding forced. Oh, I think he's quite good. A very proper young man. Wu one. proper Jong. Although she didn't interact with him much, she had heard plenty of rumors at school. Delinquent, bad boy, bottom tier syphant. With all the things Jiong had done, proper was the very last word she would use to describe him. On the other side of town, Jiong rode the scooter back to the home he hadn't seen in so long. His mother, Dong Kaiwi, and his father, Jiguan Shu. His family had some money, his father ran a business, and his mother held a stable administrative job at a district pharmacy. They own two or three properties, but they mostly lived in a standard, spacious apartment in the city center. Back in 2012, prices in Pearl City were under 6,000 per square meter, so they were comfortably off, even if they weren't exactly billionaires. He rang the doorbell and a familiar yet ghostly voice came from inside. Who's at the door this late? Hearing that voice, Gome felt a sudden, sharp ache in his nose. But he took a deep breath, steadied his emotions, and called out, "Mom, I'm home. You little brat. You finally know how to come home. Why didn't you just die out there? You're just as heartless as your deadbeat old man. Beating show love and scolding shows affection. It was normal for his mom to have a sharp tongue. It didn't make her love any less real. Gone could tell from the hurried sound of slippers shuffling toward the door. Creek. The door swung open and a plump middle-aged woman glared at him with visible disdain, arching her eyebrows. Did you eat dinner? Looking at his mother before the years had truly worn her down, Giong felt a sense of vertigo. The past felt like a dream drifting away in the mist. I ate, grumbled. The moment the words left his lips, his stomach betrayed him with a loud growl. Eat my ass. Get inside. I'll boil you some noodles. Wait, hold on. Jiong said, grabbing Dong Kai Huhi's hand. What now? Dong Kaiwi snapped, her face twisted in annoyance. Staring at his mother's face, not yet marked by the cruel passage of time, Jiong felt his expression crumble. He hugged her suddenly, whispering softly, "Love you, Mom. Chapter 4. You've got some nerve. Dong Kaiwi felt a sudden lump in her throat, nearly tearing up, but her expression shifted instantly. You little brat. What kind of trouble did you get into now? Is it bad? Was it a fight or what? Stop giving me the silent treatment and acting all mysterious. You didn't break the law, did you? She rattled off a string of questions. The frantic interrogation of a mother who assumed her son was incapable of anything but disaster. Seeing his own mother react this way, it was blindingly clear just how pathetic he had been. Watching her face etched with worry, Jangs gaze softened. "Mom, I didn't do anything wrong. Seriously, it's just been a while. I just wanted to give you a hug." He stared at his mother's chubby face, a wave of profound emotion crashing over him. God, it really had been such a long time, Mom. People spend their whole lives haunted by the things they couldn't possess in their youth. Back then, his unattainable things weren't just his pristine, unreachable crush, Gucci Wedding. They were his parents who had watched him sink into the mud and the smiles that had slowly vanished from their faces. He had been so desperate to gravel at Guushi Wedding's feet that he'd lost himself, making mistake after mistake. And his parents had trailed behind him, patching up his messes, watching him descend into ruin with nothing they could do to stop it. Someone once asked, "Is there really a girl in this world who will stay by a boy's side while he grows up?" Of course there is. When your mother first met you, she was only in her 20s. She was in her prime then, without a single wrinkle on her forehead. Hasn't she been the one staying by your side, watching you grow up all this time? Reborn into this life, Gone would never ever tolerate the spineless behavior of a bootlicker again. Don't be gross. Move aside, I'm going to cook. Though her words were sharp, the corners of her eyes crinkled with a hint of a smile as she turned away. Giong savored the feeling. The feeling of home. He was done with the life of his previous existence. Struggling alone, feeling like a drifter without roots. What is a home? A place is only a home if it has your family in it. Mom, add extra scallions. What about chili? Pile it on. Gone didn't mention meat. When your own mother is cooking, if you asked for extra meat, you'd better be prepared to be stuffed until you can't breathe. Slurp, slurp, slurp. Gulping down the bowl like a starved ghost. Giong inhaled the massive portion of noodles in 3 minutes. You look like you haven't eaten in a week. Is that enough? Plenty. Plenty. If I eat any more at this hour, I'll turn into a pig. Mom, go get some sleep. I'll clean up. Wait, Mom. What are you doing? Dong Kaiwi looked at him with profound suspicion, even reaching out to check his forehead. She clearly thought he'd taken the wrong medicine. What kind of sickness did you catch today? I'm not sick. Running short on cash again. Nope. Gone waved her off. Having lived two lives and possessing the memories of his rebirth. If he still couldn't make money, he might as well just retire and save himself the embarrassment. Seeing his demeanor, Dong Kaiwi pondered for a moment, her eyes turning cold. It's not about that Guushi wedding girl again, is it? Let me tell you, Mom, don't start. Seeing the look on his face, Dong Kaiwi was about to sigh, but Gone quickly steered the conversation. Don't overthink it, Mom. I'm done being Guushi Wedding's pathetic lap dog. I've seen the light. I really have. Coming from a mother, the word lap dog sounded harsh, but hearing him swear off Guushi Wedding brought a flicker of relief to her heart. Still, she remained skeptical. Are you for real? For real? I swear on the lamp. If I ever go graveling to Guushi wedding again, may I? All right. All right. Stop making rash oaths. Good. Mom, go get some rest. I'll wash the bowls and head to bed myself. Got class tomorrow. Gone gently nudged his mother's back, ushering her into her bedroom. Get to sleep early then. Yeah, I know. Love you, Mom. See you tomorrow, you brat. He quietly closed the door behind her, carried the bowls to the kitchen, and started scrubbing while humming a tune that didn't exist in this world. Halfway through, the phone sitting on the counter lit up. While Wechathat was booming, most students were still using Q. It was a message from Guushi Wedding. Jamo, go buy three orders of tofu pudding from Zixugu. Bring them to room 92 at Juan Ha TV. Hurry up. Don't make us wait too long. Seeing the message, Jong stopped midscrub. His humming cutting off abruptly. He wondered what the old him would have done. He would have felt honored that the goddess needed him, sprinted downstairs, hopped on his scooter, raced to buy the pudding, and snatched up some extra snacks just to be safe. Then he would have sped off to the KTV, likely to be mocked and belittled by Guushi Wedding's friends upon arrival. At this hour, she was probably with Yin Hongo playing truth or dare, or perhaps running some lap dog test. He'd lived through that scene in his past life more than once. Jone pushed the memory aside, a faint, cynical smile on his lips. He set the phone aside and went back to scrubbing the bowls. Once finished, he took a shower. He stood before the mirror in the steamy bathroom, looking at his youthful reflection and couldn't stop the corners of his mouth from curling upward. He flexed his arm, thinking he really needed to work out. He didn't need to be an unstoppable fighter, but he needed at least enough muscle to hold his own. Man, I was so young back then, just a bit too scrawny. Gone flopped onto his soft bed, inhaling the scent of sunbaked fabric from his duvet, an expression of pure bliss on his face. Whether it was the smell of the sun or dead mites, it didn't matter. He picked up his phone, pondering how to make his first fortune at this point in time. That first pot of gold was the most important thing, but also the hardest. His family had some money, but asking for hundreds of thousands, that was out of the question. In his parents' eyes, he was already lucky enough not to be a total spinthrift. Earn money, huh? Before he could give it much thought, the Q notification chimed again. It was Gucci wedding, this time with a voice message. Gone, did you see my message? Did you buy the stuff I asked for? Answer me. Gone listened to the recording and let out a dry, weary breath. His past self really was pathetic. With a storm of complex emotions swirling in his heart, he pressed the voice memo button. Thinking back on all those years of pathetic subservience, a playful, wicked glint entered his eyes. I bought it. And I didn't just get the pudding, I grabbed some extra snacks, too. I told you to get that. Why are you doing whatever you want? Where are you now? Get over here and pay the bill while you're at it. Don't rush. She Wedding. I'm on Jon Sha Road right now. There was a car accident up ahead. It's a total gridlock. I'll be there in 5 minutes. Wait for me. As he finished, he stared at the screen and let out a cold, sharp laugh. Tofu pudding. Pay the bill. Ju and KTV, you've got some nerve. He tossed the phone aside, pulled the covers over his head, and shut his eyes. To hell with all of it. Chapter 5. Juanha KTV. At the very same moment, Gone powered off his phone to head to sleep. over in room 902 of Ju and how KTV Gucci Wedding was swinging her phone around telling the other girls with a smug look on her face. See, I told you as long as I call Goam, he'll show up. Has there ever been an exception in these past few years? The other girls who had been betting on whether he would come looked helpless. They muttered to each other in low voices. Honestly, Gone is such a chump. His family's got a bit of money, but he spends his whole life acting as Guushi wedding's spare tire. It's pathetic. I swear. Forget about him. At least it's nice that he's the one picking up the tab. Yeah, true. I guess we're just catching a free ride thanks to the simp Guushi. Wedding saw the way they were whispering. Even though it was noisy inside the KTV, she couldn't hear exactly what they were saying, but she could guess based on their expressions, envy, jealousy, and something else entirely. She loved this feeling of being above everyone else. It was the exact reason why, even after she'd made things official with Yin Honggho, she still kept Jongo on a leash. Only a spare tire like G Foam, someone with money, who was obedient, and who had a bit of pull with the local street thugs, could give her this intoxicating sense of superiority. She had originally planned to invite Yin Hongo today, but unfortunately, he had something else to do and didn't show. She was missing her most important audience member, but it didn't matter. There would be plenty of chances later. Gui wedding ordered Legend of the White Snake on the machine and began to hum along softly. She had a pretty face and a melodic voice. She definitely lived up to her reputation as the school beauty. Once the song finished, the other girls, whether sincere or just figning it, broke into applause and showered her with praise. She Wedding, that sounded so good. Gucci wedding smiled. And then she queued up a second song. Third, fourth. The more she sang, the uglier her expression became. She had finished five songs already. Why hadn't G Foam arrived yet? The classmates sitting on the sofa had already started whispering to each other, occasionally letting out bursts of laughter. There was no need to guess. They were definitely mocking her. What exactly is that idiot Gohone doing? Fuming with anger, Gucci wedding pulled out her iPhone 4, found Gome in her contacts, and dialed. The number you have dialed is powered off. Please try again later. Sorry, the number you. She dialed it again, not wanting to believe it, but the familiar automated voice remained unchanged. Gui wedding began to wonder if something had happened to Gone on his way over. Had he been in a car accident? She never once imagined that Goam would actually blow her off that he would pull a stunt like this. It was already past midnight. The other girls seeing the time started to leave one by one. She Wedding, it's getting late. We're heading out. Yeah, we've got class tomorrow. Is Gone not coming then? Gucci Wedding hadn't reacted when they said they were leaving. But as soon as someone mentioned that Gone might not show, she felt like a nerve had been struck. She snapped instantly. Impossible. Gi wouldn't dare not show up. The girl across from her jumped at the outburst and curled her lip. Fine, suit yourself. Wait here for him if you want. We're leaving. Watching the three of them walk out. Guiueds expression darkened. The flickering lights of the karaoke room played across her pale face, making her look like a clown in heavy makeup. That damn G foam. Gui wedding ground her teeth, feeling entirely helpless. She flipped through her wallet, then called the waiter over. Waiter, ill, please. Certainly. The room, drinks, and snacks come to a total of 1,925 yuan. 1925 yuan. That was a significant amount of money back in 2012. Guushi Wedding's family wasn't poor, but she was still a student and her parents allowance wouldn't cover a bill like this. She had counted on G phone to pay. Now that she couldn't reach him and couldn't scrape together enough cash herself, the situation had become mortifying. Just give me a moment. I need to make a call. Of course, miss. The waiter sensed her embarrassment, but he was a veteran employee of Juan How KTV. He knew how to play his part. There was no benefit in exposing a customer, and he wasn't stupid enough to cause a scene. He'd just watch the show and wait. Inside, Guushi Wedding tried calling Gone twice more, but the result was the same. She had told her mother she was studying at a classmate's house. If she called home now, she'd be chewed out for sure. After pacing back and forth, Guushi Wedding turned her attention to the number of her newly official boyfriend, Yin Hongo. She dialed and the phone rang. It wasn't busy or off. Her heart leaped with relief. Hunga, can you come over and help me with something? She Wedding. Sorry, I'm tied up right now. I'm riding my bike. His let me hang up. I'll see you tomorrow. She Wedding. You're busy. You asterisk beep beep beep asterisk. Listening to the dial tone. Gucci wedding in utter disbelief. Dialed again. This time the result was exactly the same as it had been with Gone. The number you have dialed is powered off. Gucci wedding stood frozen at a total loss for what to do. A long while later, the waiter, who had been waiting outside, walked back in. "Miss, are you ready to settle the bill now? I I can pay a portion now and the rest. I'll bring it to you tomorrow." Her face was buried in her purse as she spoke. She felt she was being as sincere as possible. Yet, she was met with a cold, professional refusal. "I'm sorry, miss. We don't allow tabs. I'm not asking for a tab. What's the difference?" Under the waiter's gaze, Guushi Wedding had to look away. You're just a waiter. What's your problem? I may be just a waiter, but the customer still has to pay before leaving. The waiter kept a smile on his face, but to Guushi wedding, every word felt like a sharp mocking blade. She took out her phone and placed it on the table. Keep this here and I'll come get it tomorrow. Will that work? The waiter glanced at the iPhone 4 on the table. It was worth several thousand yuan. It was more than enough as collateral, but he still shook his head. I'm sorry, miss. We don't accept collateral of uncertain origin. People had tried to pawn items before. While some returned to claim them, others had resulted in rightful owners coming to reclaim stolen property, turning it into a massive headache. The KTV hated trouble and the waiter didn't want to risk it. This only made Guushetting feel even more humiliated. This iPhone 4 was the birthday gift Gong had given her, a phone he had paid a premium for, costing over 5,000 yuan. Then what if I leave this in my student ID? That has to be enough, right? With no other choice, Guushiwitting handed over her student ID. The ID proved her identity. The phone covered the money. This was standard procedure. The waiter checked her student ID and his demeanor grew more serious. So, you're a student at no one high. Very well. I'll keep the items here. I won't touch them, but make sure you bring the money tomorrow. Fine. Gui wedding grabbed her bag and stormed out. Everything that had happened tonight was absolutely disgraceful. Once she stepped out of Juhow KTV, she slammed her bag against the street railing. That G foam tomorrow. I'm going to make sure he pays for this. Chapter 6. a classroom long forgotten. The next morning, Jon lay in bed and snapped his eyes open. It wasn't the alarm or anything of the sort. It was the biological clock he'd honed over years of habit dragging him into consciousness. It had been a long time since he'd felt this relaxed. Seeing the time, 5:30 a.m., Ji Fangs face soured. He pulled the quilt over his head and began to mutter, "Don't want to get up. I swear the quilt has come to life. It's grabbing me, refusing to let me rise. It must be showing me mercy, begging me to sleep a little longer. Damn this quilt. It's just too kind. To honor its good intentions, I suppose I'll have to snooze a bit more. He lay back down, but sleep remained elusive. Ba, no luck with sleeping in. He sighed, rolled out of bed, splashed some water on his face in the bathroom, and threw on a sports outfit, a cap, and his headphones. Gone crept out the door, and began his morning routine, the one ingrained in him from his past life, running. Truth be told, his physical state wasn't half bad. For one, he was young. For another, he'd spent half his life brawling. And since he'd been a lovesick fool chasing only one girl, he hadn't wasted his energy elsewhere. When it came down to it, he had a decent athletic foundation. He wasn't some soft, sedentary nerd who panted like a dog after two steps. Once he found his stride, Gone began to pick up the pace, heading toward the park to the east. When he arrived, he silently pulled off his headphones. The music in this world wasn't great, or rather, there was too little that caught his ear. It felt less invigorating than just singing to himself. Navigating by the scraps of memory he had for the route, he broke into a slow jog again. He hadn't gone far when a familiar figure appeared at the end of the park path. It was when Juan, the same girl he blocked at the construction site on the outskirts of town just last night. Perhaps because she lacked athletic gear, she was wearing a washed out school uniform, a green one, likely from her freshman year. It looked a bit tight. It didn't really fit her anymore. Jiangs mouth opened as he saw her, but after a few seconds of hesitation, he simply bowed his head and ran silently past her. When they crossed paths, Jiong said nothing. Neither did Win. He wasn't sure if she had seen him, but he kept his head down regardless. Since one was on the left side of the path and the other on the right, they didn't even brush shoulders. That was how the first lap went. The second was exactly the same. By the third lap, when was nowhere to be seen, already headed back, he rubbed his nose, decided not to overthink it, and continued his workout. After his run, Jono went over to the park's exercise equipment, fooled around on the pull-up and dip bars, and rattled off a few push-ups. A healthy body was the priority. The rest could wait. Back home, he showered and said goodbye to his mom. On the way down, he found a steamed bun shop. Boss, give me six. Wait, make it 10. 10 buns and two cups of egg drop soup to go. Coming right up. 10 buns, two cups of soup. After grabbing breakfast, Jon hopped back onto his Ghost Fire scooter. He was just about to pull away when he paused. He hung the breakfast on the handlebars, then grabbed the ribbons, decorative lights, and the handlebar tassels. Without caring if it scratched the paint, he ripped off the goddy stickers and dumped them all into a trash can. He glanced at his new ride, satisfied, and headed towards school. The moment he stepped onto the junior floor, Goam saw the bold flyer plastered on the hallway wall. 101 days until the GaCow. He felt his eyelid twitch. Why couldn't he have been reborn after the college entrance exams? If he had to sit for them now, he'd likely be able to write nothing but his own name. Knowledge, if left and used, slips away quietly. As for the memories of his past self, a complete empty-headed fool, not worth mentioning. At this rate, I'm destined to end up in a factory screwing bolts. Feeling somewhat grim, Gone walked into the classroom with his buns. Almost immediately, he caught bits of gossip. Did you hear? Gone took Winon away. yesterday. No way. For real? Yeah, I saw it with my own eyes. Wonder what he did with her. Puppy love? Doesn't G phone like Guushi wedding? You're still stuck on puppy love? That's so pathetic. Haha. The speaker was Wongjang. He was laughing but soon realized the people around him had stopped. One by one. They turned away suddenly engrossed in their books. The atmosphere was well. It felt like the head teacher had just walked in. Wong Jong looked back and his body shivered. Uh GG phone, you're here. You guys seem to be having a lively chat. The subject of your gossip shares my name, too. What a small world, isn't it, bro? Ji phone was all smiles, but Wong Jang was already trembling. He tucked his head and slumped over his desk. I I'm sorry. Please take it easy on me. Did anyone really need to be reminded of Jiang's bad reputation, even if he couldn't remember beating this kid up in the past, the fact that the guy was scared stiff told him all he needed to know. What kind of bull is that? Am I the type to bully my classmates? Don't smear my name yet? Jiongo patted Wong Jang on the shoulder, strolled past him, and took his seat to start on his buns. He had barely finished, too, when that familiar figure from his memory stormed up to his desk. Gi, where were you last night? Why didn't you show up when I called you? Goo, what are you talking about last night? I was busy tutoring. Gui wedding's mouth twitched. Tutoring you tutoring a load of nothing. I called you last night. Why didn't you answer? You even shut your phone off. You promised you'd come, and then you didn't. She reached for her phone to prove it, but suddenly remembered it was still being held hostage at the Jew and how KTV Gone didn't show any mercy. He took out his own phone and pulled up their chat history. It was sparkling clean. Not a single message left. Goo, did you have too much to drink? Look for yourself. When did we speak last night? Don't go trying to frame me. I'm a serious student. I don't go to places like Ju and Ha KTV. Gui wedding. She hadn't even mentioned Juanha KTV. What was this guy playing at? What really happened between him and Wuan last night? Was he trying to get close to her so he could hold it over her head? G foam. If you keep this up, I'm not talking to you anymore. She wedding. We're going to be adults in 6 months. 17 or 18 years old. Can we stop talking like 7-year-olds? You've got a boyfriend. Isn't it a bit much to be hanging around me? Aren't you worried Yin Hunga will get jealous? Oh, right. If you have issues, go find Yin Hongo. Why are you coming to me? I'm not anyone to you. At the mention of Yin Hong Hao, Guetting grew flustered. Hunghoi, he's busy with his studies, too. quit stuttering. What he's doing is none of my business, and I'm not interested in knowing." Guushi Wedding fell silent. She had no idea how to respond. The silence dragged on until Jong stared at the empty seat to his right for a long time. Then he let out a loud, sudden burp. Heck. Breaking the silence, he suddenly shoved one of his buns toward her. She Wedding, you want this bun? Gui Wedding looked at the bun he was offering, and the corners of her mouth curled up. Sure enough, Goam was still Goam. He'd always look out for her. That would never change. Seeing him soften his tone, Guushi Wedding decided that as long as Jiong helped her pay the tab from last night and got her phone back, she'd forgive him for his behavior. Yeah, I haven't eaten yet. She reached out for the bun. Ji Fangs brow smoothed out. At least it wouldn't go to waste. He pointed at the buns and the soup. This one is one yuan. This one is three. How many do you want? Chapter 7. The class teacher summons. Gui wedding. She stared at G Foam, unable to believe her ears. One yuan. Three yuan. This was the same Gongo who used to be at her beck and call, catering to her every whim. Who would get panicked and heartbroken if she showed even the slightest hint of annoyance? The same Gone who would move heaven and earth to get her whatever she wanted. He was actually asking her for money for breakfast. Guushi wedding suppressed the rising swell in her chest, fighting to keep from shrieking. Gi, do you have any idea what you're saying? Gone curled his lip. We might be close, but even among the closest of kin, accounts must be settled. Even if you're an acquaintance, you still have to pay for a meal. You, Jiong, step outside for a second. Just as Guiweing was about to explode, their home room teacher, Huang Jihi, appeared at the classroom door. His face was cold as he beckoned Jiong out. Gui wedding snuck a glance at Hong Jihi, and since that old Huang was on the verge of a volcanic eruption, she immediately clamped her mouth shut, sat back down at her desk, and began reading her textbook with practiced affectation. But her eyes never once strayed from Gone. Coming. Jiong didn't rush. He swallowed the rest of his bowsy, took a few desperate gulps of egg soup, and only then strolled out. Home room teacher Huang Jihi's expression was dark enough to cook a meal on, his eyes barely masking the fury simmering beneath the surface. Jiong scratched his head, looking completely bewildered. Something up, Mister Hong, you know exactly what this is about. Move it. We're going to the office. Fine. Fine. I know exactly what it's about. asterisk. Honestly, he really wanted to ask if all home room teachers were obsessed with this routine. Under Ji Fangs gaze, Old Hang took a slow, icy sip of tea before finally opening his mouth. Goam, do you know why I brought you here? Yep. The holy trinity of teacher student talks, vague riddles, intimidation, and snitching. No idea. Let's talk about it. Where did you go after self-study ended last night? Of course, someone snitched. I just wonder who the little rat was. Jon puffed out his chest, figning shock. I was studying, Mr. Huang. I was in a makeup session, actually. Is there a problem? He'd stick to this story no matter who asked. As far as anyone was concerned, he was in a study session. Hearing Jiong claim he was studying. Huang Jihi nearly choked on his tea leaves. Studying? With your track record and your usual conduct, you think you're in a position to be studying? Teacher, are you saying that struggling students aren't allowed to study? Ji Fangs face twisted into an expression of utter grievance. his eyes welling up with tears that threatened to spill at any moment. Huang Jihi froze. He never expected this kind of performance from Jong. Had this brat turned into such a master actor in just one day? Seeing that Jono wouldn't budge, he finally dropped the hammer. Don't bother with the sophistry. Someone came to me this morning. Who? And what did they say? Gone kept his innocent mask firmly in place. Don't ask who said it. The point is, someone reported that you gathered a group of people, dragged Win to a construction site in the suburbs, bullied her, and even hit her. Is that true? Asterisk, did I hit her? Everything was a bit of a blur back then. I don't recall. But the hair pulling, that was real. The bullying also real asterisk. But I absolutely cannot admit to it. With the college entrance exams looming, if old Hong decided to protect a top tier student like Win by slapping him with a bully label, he'd be finished. In his past life, he was a total deadbeat who didn't care about anything. But things were different now. He wanted to actually get into a good university. University wasn't just a platform for building connections and finding cheap labor. It was a space with a relative degree of freedom. It was a foundation he desperately needed for his early development. He couldn't afford a disciplinary record or the reputation of a bully. Jiong defended himself with an expression of pure sincerity. Mr. Huang, I've been wronged. I did go to see Win, but it was to discuss our studies. I actually asked her to help me catch up on my work. As for bullying, that's complete nonsense. You can't believe a word of that. Hearing Ji Phone bring up studying again, Hang Jihi's expression turned grim. Still lying through your teeth? Gi, listen to me. I don't care what kind of person you are outside these walls. But in school, you are a student and students follow the rules. This matter still has room for leniency, but only if you confess. Confess? Huh? If he hadn't lived two lifetimes, he might have actually fallen for that line. admitting it was impossible. But he currently lack the leverage to make old Huang trust him for now. All he could do was play the fool. Teacher, do you not trust me? Is it just because I'm a struggling student? Do struggling students not deserve fair and just treatment? Haven't you noticed how hard I've been working lately? If you don't believe me, go ask the other students how focused I was during self-study? Old Hong stared at him, expressionless. I check on the self-study sessions every night. I haven't seen you there much. Off smoking somewhere. Ji Fangs expression stiffened. Well, [ __ ] His sincerity hadn't been enough to bamboozle old Huang. It seemed his past reputation was too far gone to build trust this quickly. All right, I'm toast. Huang Jihi crossed his arms, leaning back in his chair to watch Gong. Multiple reports have accused you of bullying and hitting a classmate. If you can't clear this up today, you're getting a formal disciplinary record. Go ahead. I'm sitting right here. Let's see you spin a story. Jings expression tightened. He muttered under his breath. Who even reported this? Maybe they were lying to you. Why are you so obsessed with who reported it? What? Planning on some petty revenge? Gi looked away. That's not it, Mister Huang. You've misunderstood me. Perhaps what you heard isn't the truth. Don't trust them? Fine, then find someone to vouch for your innocence. Tell me, who in this class can prove your story? Jong felt a sting of injustice under the teacher's heavy scrutiny. The bullying had been his past self's work, not his. Damn it, should have chosen a better time to be reborn. Can't think of anyone? Fine. Come with me to the dean's office. Just as the dye seemed cast, a cold, quiet voice drifted in from the doorway. Teacher, I can vouch for him. Yesterday, I really was tutoring him. Jiong stared at the figure in the blue school uniform who was standing in the doorway, head bowed as usual. It wasn't just Hong Jihi who froze. Even Jong was stunned. Old Huang, assuming Win had been threatened by Gi Foam or was simply acting out of fear, spoke quickly. Wu one, if you've been bullied, just tell me. Don't be afraid. I, the school, will stand up for you. If someone is threatening you, don't worry. It's high time we purged the cancer from our school. Hearing Hong Jihi say this, Jiong felt a sense of helplessness. Changing someone's impression was an uphill battle. His past actions were just too explosive. Winning back old Huangs favor would take time. When Juan walked into the office and looked at old Huang, speaking firmly, "Thank you, Mr. Huang. No one threatened me and no one bullied me. I really was tutoring Ji Phone last night." Hearing this, Huang Jihi let out a sigh. Fine then. If anything happens, let me know. And about the tutoring, old Hang shot Jiong a sharp look. We're in the final stretch before the college entrance exams. Don't let anything distract you from your studies. I know what I'm doing, Mr. Hong. Chapter 8. Sweating buckets, little brother. When kept her head down, her expression unreadable. Seeing that when Nuan had now stated twice that Jiong hadn't bullied her, Huang Jihi found it difficult to press the issue. He waved his hand dismissively. Fine. Go back and get to your morning reading. Understood. When nodded. Anything else? I'm heading off then, old Huang. What did you just call me? Before Huang Jihi could launch into another lecture, Jong had already slipped away like a wisp of smoke. Out in the hallway, Jong followed silently behind Wuan. Hey, Nuan. Thanks back there. No need. When Juan remained as she always was, whether she was out on her morning run or standing here right now, she had retreated back into that do not disturb shell of hers. Her standoffish aura was so strong that even without saying a word, people naturally gave her a wide birth. Back in the classroom, Jiong noticed the plain steamed bun and pickled vegetables sitting on Wuan's desk. In his memory, she had always eaten breakfast like that, though he'd never paid much attention to it before. He glanced at his own breakfast. steamed buns and egg drops soup, still warm. And after a moment of contemplation, he quickly placed them on Wuan's desk. Buns and the soup. Jiong gestured to the food, then tucked his hands behind his head and looked away, whistling. Wu one shot him a strange look. I don't need these. I haven't apologized to you for yesterday yet. I bought too much. Just consider it a change of pace. It would be a waste to throw it out. It's free. Just eat it. Guushi Wedding, who had been stealthily watching them, couldn't hold back her frustration when she heard the word free. She jumped up. Gone, what do you think you're doing? Gi glanced back at her, muttered [ __ ] under his breath, and then turned his attention back to Winon. Seeing she remained as cold as a glacier, his temper flared. Clearly, the gentle approach wasn't working. So, he decided to play it rough. What? You're just going to leave those buns to steam. You're not going to give me any face. Goam, listen. If you don't eat them today, don't you dare leave campus after school. When Nuan turned to gaze out the window, ignoring him completely. Yet, the hand that had been reaching for the cold, plain bun suddenly veered off course, picking up the steamed bun instead. Then, she began to eat one tiny bite at a time. Their every movement was being washed by their classmates. In high school, rumors were even more twisted and exaggerated than in the corporate world, a fact knew all too well. as they saw Wuan eating the food Gi Foam had brought her. Whispers began to ripple through the room. Hey, did something go down between Wan and Gongo last night. The rumors about last night weren't exactly simple, you know? No way. For real? What do you think? The ring leader stirring the pot was none other than Loui. Seeing Goam suddenly standing right in front of him. This self-proclaimed sidekick felt a chill run down his spine. It's not even that hot, Loui. Why are you sweating so much? Uh, brother Foam, your brother phone is trying to study now. Stop running your mouth about petty nonsense or else. Jiong cracked his knuckles in front of him. Lui could only duck his head, eyes darting nervously. In truth, Jong knew Lui had a crush on Wuan. But Wuan's gaze had never once rested on him, not even for a second. Lui's affection was twisted, even pathological. He urged Jiong to corner Wuan yesterday and spread rumors about her today precisely because of this warped desire. To Lui, Wuan was too high and mighty, too ethereal. It was as if he could only feel a sliver of hope if he dragged her down into the dirt so he could play the role of her savior. The old Gone wouldn't have seen through this, but the current him saw it with the clarity of a laser. Back at his desk, Gone really did start flipping through his textbooks and notes. Looking at the chaotic doodles and notes he didn't even recognize, he sighed. Sigh. I must be losing my mind. No matter how I look at these books, the words look like the whispers of demons trying to corrupt my resolve. Just looking at them brings a heavy, inexplicable sadness. Every time I see the test scores tucked inside, I lose the strength to do anything. There are only two outcomes for high school, the entrance exam or another go at the entrance exam. Fine, let's just read. Jiang standards for himself weren't actually low. Even if he wasn't aiming for the absolute top tier, he had lived two lives now. The least he could do was get into a decent university. Unfortunately, he hadn't awakened any study god system. With a clear goal, Jong forced himself to grind through the morning. By noon, after long being unaccustomed to such high-intensity study, his head was spinning and his brain felt like it was about to crash. He rubbed his temples and stumbled toward the cafeteria, found a seat and massage the bridge of his nose to try and soothe his frazzled mind. Senior year, it's genuinely painful. Platter. The sound of a meal tray hitting the table broke his train of thought. Gone looked up, dazed. Huh? A chicken leg set meal. He looked across the table. A figure in a blue school uniform sat diagonally opposite him. this food. Did Win buy this for him? Wu Juan, what are you doing? Paying back the bun from this morning, Wuan said coldly. She didn't look up, Gone barely even saw her lips move. He looked down at the chicken leg on the tray, then at her tray, which only had plain rice. After a brief pause, his tone shifted sharply. A gentleman doesn't accept food offered in contempt. Besides, look at who I am. Do I look like I need you to treat me? Don't bother me. Take it back. If you don't want it, throw it away. Her voice remained icy, but Gone wasn't having any of it. Throw it away. Who knows that the food on the plate is the result of hard labor? Even elementary students know that. Do you? How did you even study? With that, Jon grabbed her tray, slid his own chicken leg meal over to her, and pointed a finger at her as a warning. I'm telling you, stop bothering me. Glancing at Gi Fangs aggressive posture when one only looked at the tray in front of him before lowering her head again. That was the one he'd been eating from. Brother foam. Brother Foam, got your soda. Brother foam, here's your braced pork ribs. Brother foam, skewers, giant gluten sticks. Got m from outside. You want to go play some ranked matches tonight. We haven't gone in a few days. Right on. Q, Jangs usual lackeyis swarmed the table. Seeing them, when quietly scooted her chair further away, the sidekicks thought it was strange that Brother Phone was sitting across from the girl he'd been cornering just yesterday, but they were too lazy to ask. As long as he wasn't fawning over Guushi wedding, nothing else required an explanation. Jono leaned back with the effortless air of a boss, nodding at Dodding, the most sensible of his lackey. That works. Since I've decided I'm done with the games, let's go have a proper blast tonight for the last time. Hearing him say he was done playing, the group of sidekicks froze. Dodding panicked. Brother Fo, don't joke around. Why stop? We can't do this without you. Dodding Ding had been his most loyal follower in his past life, the one who never abandoned him. Xiong wasn't exactly a saint, but he lived by the creed. If someone doesn't betray me, I won't betray them. Even the dog in Chiong's village got to be a police dog. If these were his brothers, he'd pull them up with him. Jiong patted the 6-foot plus Ding on the shoulder, signaled him to sit nearby, and began to counsel him. Doing I realized that rotting away in this school everyday is pointless. Honestly, you're better off staying home and jerking off a few times. At least that's actually satisfying. Chapter nine. The era of traffic. The gang of lackeyis had expected Gi Foam to lecture them on hitting the books, but they were in for a surprise and then some. Doing gazed at G Foam with undisguised reverence. Brother Fang's way of thinking. It really is on another level compared to us plebeians. He sighed, a trace of melancholy creeping into his voice. I get what you're saying, Brother Fong. Everyone else is sweating over their studies, and here we are rotting away in school every day. It's pretty meaningless. My old man has already talked to me about it. I'm not cut out for any decent university anyway. He said I should just grab my diploma and go drive trucks with him. Ji Fangs gaze drifted, lost in a haze of nostalgia. When the college entrance exam ends, it's not just the unrequited loves or the breakups that leave a bitter aftertaste. It's the dissolution of brotherhood, the bonds between ordinary friends, and even the local thugs. Loyalty is a tricky thing. Some hold it dear, others scoff at it. But more often than not, the camaraderie among brothers is genuine. Don't be in such a rush. Dodding Ding, if you trust me, you can help me out with a few things for a while. Upon hearing that Gongo had a task for him, Dodding Ding straightened his posture instantly. Man, Brother Fo, don't be so formal. Just tell me what needs doing. Who are we taking out? I, Dodding, won't hesitate for a damn second. Yeah, Brother Foam, our situations are pretty much the same as Dings. You're being way too polite. It's like you don't even see us as your own brothers. It feels wrong. Just name the target. We're ready to go. Gone. Goam tapped his fingers rhythmically against the table, the corners of his mouth twitching upward. Being a sickopant with no ambition is pathetic, but you can't deny that there's a certain charisma required to pull a group of loyal brothers like this together. In his past life, he hadn't exactly been a saint, and he'd barely spent any real money on them. Yet, they followed him, not just because of the pack mentality of street toughs, but because the emotional connection was in its own way incredibly real. He picked up his chopsticks and wrapped them against their heads one by one. It wasn't hard, but it was firm. Are you all absolute morons? We're a few months away from graduation. Half of you are already 18. You're about to step into the real world. The world runs on the rule of law. You keep screaming about taking people out. Who are you going to hit? Next time you mess up, you won't be going to juvenile hall. You'll be going to a detention center. Do you even have brains in those heads? Jiong sounded fierce, a little wicked, and the rap of the chopstick stung. But that was exactly what Dodding and his crew responded to. If you're the boss, you need to command respect. So not hitting people then what do you need brother phone? We don't really know how to do anything else. Jiong didn't immediately reveal his grand plan. Instead acting every bit the boss, he started digging into the food skewers and drinks his lackeyis had bought. He was the only one eating. The rest didn't dare lift their chopsticks. The other students in the cafeteria instinctively kept their distance from Goam. His reputation was, after all, notorious, except for when Nuan, who was busy burying her face in her food. Whether she was genuinely oblivious or just didn't care, she kept eating while they talked, refusing to budge. Gi shoveled a few bites into his mouth and took a swig of soda. You all know how to surf the web, right? You're on Q chatting all day. Some of you even have girlfriends. Hell yeah, brother. I can spend all day in an internet cafe. No sweat. Good. As long as you can navigate the web, that's all I need. From today on, I have an extremely important task for you. Just say the word brother phone. We'll get it done. It's nothing difficult. No street fighting, no violence. Everything happens online. First, I need each of you to register several accounts. QQ, WeChat, Weibo. Make them look like women in their 30s, the wise, supportive older sister types. Name them things like confident sister, warm quotes, or women's weekly. Find pictures on Weibo, steal them from travel bloggers, or those chicken soup for the soul influencers. Copy and paste their classic quotes, their sappy wisdom, and plaster it all over the comment sections of similar bloggers. You need to sync this across all three platforms. Webo, QQ spaces, and WeChat moments. As Gone laid it out, his lackey looked completely bewildered. They were left with nothing but confusion. Wait, brother Foam, what's the point of this this stuff? It's not exactly our speed. It's about making money. Making money off this feels like that'd be less profitable than driving a truck. Wrong. Jings tone was absolute. Hearing that, the lackey suppressed their restless energy. Even when Juan, who had been gnawing on a chicken leg at the corner of the long table, paused, everyone was waiting for Ji Fangs next words, desperate to know how on earth this was supposed to make cash. Giong interlaced his fingers, a habit from his past life that made him look like a weary veteran official, and continued, "This is 2012. With the rise of smartphones, and 3G, we are entering the true era of mobile traffic. Online gurus, big-time influencers, and bloggers are all hyping up this traffic era. They claim the internet is paved with gold. That if you have a brain and a vision, you can make a fortune. And they're right. Tech giants are pillaging traffic like mad, building their own barriers, moes, and walls. Right now, the internet is chaos. Capital is in its infancy, and there's no regulation. Investors are throwing money at every project they see. Yes, money is everywhere. But those people won't actually tell you how to acquire genuine traffic, and they certainly won't tell you how to monetize it. What I'm asking you to do is the fundamental way to capture real traffic. And you're going to do it out of thin air. Capturing the most high-v value demographic, women. Out of thin air, the most high-v value female traffic. Exactly. In this embriionic 3G era, running traffic accounts is the baseline method. Traffic accounts generally fall into three categories. Success guru accounts, catfish/bait accounts, and what I'm making you do, soul soup accounts. Each attracts a different crowd. The success guru crowd targets those desperate to get rich. They monetize by selling courses. The catfish accounts are straightforward. You've seen them. They have all sorts of methods. Planting malware on websites, dragging you into online gambling, selling you overpriced tea. It's all there. Doing straightened his back and the others leaned in, eyes wide. When talked about this, they were wide awake. Catfish accounts sound brutal. Why aren't we doing that? Plus, we get to look at the photos ourselves. Gone turned to glare at the guy who spoke. Are you a complete idiot? Tell me which part of the catfish business model isn't illegal as hell. Shut down by Gi Fangs roar, the others lowered their heads. To be fair, it was true. It was illegal. A damn shame that the last kind is the Soul Soup account. These use heartwarming quotes and spiritual comfort to target women, specifically stay-at-home moms, the Balma crowd. They control the lion share of household spending. Their purchasing power is the highest of any demographic. They're buying stuff for their husbands, their kids, themselves, the household, you name it. One Soul Soup account can monetize 10 times better than a catfish account. You guys don't know a damn thing. In Jangs eyes, every Confident Sister account was essentially a live streamer of the short video era, just without the video. The nature of the beast was identical. Manufacture content, bait users with spam to get fans, pull them into private chat groups, and then use that focused connection to guide their spending. At this point in time, the confidant sister didn't have the deceptive power of a modern influencer, but this kind of unregulated, guided consumption would continue to persist for well over a decade. Chapter 10. The business of making money. Jong kept his explanation simple and direct, avoiding the jargon. But for a bunch of rough around the edges guys like Dodo Ding and his crew, it was still like listening to a foreign language. They didn't get it, and that was fine. Gone wasn't planning on giving them a lecture on monetization strategies anyway. Right now, he was just a student without connections, resources, or capital. He needed a steady stream of cash to secure his first pot of gold. And ideally, this path to wealth had to cost $0 to start. Did such a business exist? Yes, quite a few. Writing songs or books, for example. But writing books was too slow, and he only remembered the general plot points of his favorite stories. Even if he could replicate the narrative, he couldn't guarantee it would be a hit. As for songwriting, he was genuinely considering that. writing a few stolen hits to swoon a girl should work well enough. But he had no intention of entering the entertainment industry. The industry was far too putrid. Constant backstabbing, endless drama, and even if you found a partner, the paparazzi would tear your life apart. It sounded exhausting. If he wanted to play and if he wanted quality, he'd wait until he was rich and set up a gam art troop raising 100 dancers. A private troop of dancers that beat chasing fame in the industry by a 100 times. A troop he owned himself wouldn't be subjected to investigations. and there wouldn't be any fake couples, manufactured personas, or public scandals. People in his past life had done exactly that. And the comparison in quality was night and day. Beyond those two common reborn money-making tropes, Gong actually had another path. It was the very thing he'd put Dodding and his boys to work on. Direct traffic, then convert that traffic into cash. In this era where mobile traffic was exploding, the mobile internet was paving the way for the rise of various mobile games and the golden age of Alibaba's Taba ecosystem. There was one avenue that wasn't exactly a secret, but had always been there, hiding in plain sight. It was a channel that still held immense traffic and revenue even in 2023. It was hidden right under everyone's noses. Most people had used it, but few ever realized how it worked. That was Alama, the promotional platform behind Alibaba's Taba system. In other words, Ta. Former giants like Taauo, Zababa, and Bayan were all third party taka platforms built on top of Alibaba. The coupons and discount groups that average people used were essentially talca promotions. Items bought through taka coupons were incredibly cheap. Think 1 yuan socks, underwear, tissues, towels, or even a gift box of moon cakes for a single yuan. 29 or 39 yuan for sneakers, shirts, or pants. This model wasn't a scam. It was a marketing tactic used by Taba merchants to push their products. They would pick a highquality item and offer a commission to attract Tox to promote it. Then the Tox would use discount coupons to bait traffic, allowing customers to buy the goods at rock bottom prices. The customers got a bargain and the promoters earned their commission. As for the merchants, it looked like they were bleeding money, but in reality, they weren't. They were buying the one thing Taba valued most, traffic and transaction volume. For years, Taba's rankings were determined by sales and reviews. Higher traffic and sales volume brought their shops more customers, more visibility, and higher total revenue. Buyers didn't need to worry about the quality of these promotional items either. Early on, these goods had to be genuinely decent. You couldn't attract customers with garbage. In the early days of Alama, it was a three-way win. For the promoter, the biggest benefit was zero cost. The merchant footed the bill. All you had to do was focus on managing the traffic. Of course, if he told Dodding Ding all this, it would be like reciting ancient scripture to a mule. He didn't need them to understand the deep theory, nor did he intend for them to do this forever. Grinding for traffic was incredibly tedious. Guys like Dodding Ding couldn't sit still for long. People who craved excitement weren't meant for this line of work. Besides, he was just starting out and he was keeping his brothers loyal through shared emotion. Once real money started rolling in, it was inevitable that some would start getting greedy. His ambitions lay elsewhere. Doing this was purely to generate a quick cash flow. I see. So, the accounts following thirsty fans are basically broke, right? God damn it. I just explained all that and you're still hung up on the thirsty crowd. Can you have some ambition? Just eat. Oh. After eating with his crew, Jong didn't bother trying to cross paths with Wan again. Stepping out of the canteen, the small group of edgy youths gathered in a corner of the playground to walk off their meal. This was their designated territory, the spot where no one dared to mess with them. Gone liked it that way. At least no one would disturb him while he was giving orders. Heart-to-he heart, emotional rants, chicken soup for the soul. These are the mainstream. You can also repost some filler content as filler. Remember, keep your distance from the fans. You aren't actually big sisters offering life advice. If you start chatting with stay-at-home moms, you're bound to slip up. If this works out, you'll see the first bit of money in a week, maybe a month at the latest. Got it. Everything you say, brother phone. All right, time's up. Go back to class. Take what I told you seriously. If you put your heart into this, I guarantee you won't be disappointed. We're off, brother Foam. Watching his lackey disperse, Gone rubbed his temples, feeling a headache coming on. Ugg. back to prison. I hate looking at these books. Despite his complaining, once he got back, he dove into his studies with serious intent. It wasn't that he loved learning or that he had some secret technique. It was just that his years of experience told him that sweating over these three months of study would pay off massively in the long run. His drive was pure logic, experience, and profit. Love, he despised studying more than anything. Back in the classroom, Jong entered serious mode again. His past self had been a slacker, but he hadn't been a complete lost cause. He'd still had enough of a foundation to get into know. One high school, a few vocabulary words he'd once memorized came back to him after a quick refresher. There was actually something satisfying about reclaiming things he'd once lost. This sudden shift to diligent study naturally caught some people's attention, like Lui, who kept glancing at him, or the class monitor, Lee Long, who was looking for an excuse to pin him down. But Giong didn't have time for them. High school curriculum was tough as hell. Once afternoon class is finished, Jong shoved his bag over his shoulder and stroed straight toward the exit, clearly showing no intention of attending evening study hall. "Go, where are you going?" Class monitor Lee Long blocked his path. "Going online? Obviously. Where else would I be going?" Jone replied, sounding like it was the most natural thing in the world. "It wasn't the first time he'd done this, but compared to his attentive demeanor in class earlier that day, he looked like a completely different person." Leong, standing in front of him, wore an I knew it expression. There are only 100 days left until the college entrance exam and you're going to surf the web. Gone. Have you really decided to give up on yourself? Does it have anything to do with you? You keep pointing that finger at me and I'll snap it off. I know you were the one who snitched. Don't act all high and mighty with me. Get lost. Chapter 11. This mother is not that mother. Gi shoved Lee Long with his chest, then walked straight out of the classroom. Jangs thuggish behavior made Lee Longs expression darken, but he didn't pipe up again. Snitching was a thankless task and he didn't feel like stirring up any more trouble. In his eyes, the real world would deal with G foam soon enough. All right, class. There's no helping those who don't respect themselves. Time is running out. Let's keep pushing. During the breaks in senior year, there was never a shortage of people eager to fuel the fire. Once Lee Long finished speaking, the whispers began immediately. Told you like there's any chance Gone actually turned over a new leaf. Haha. Didn't even last a full day. The model student act is already falling apart. Hilarious. Leon's a coward, too. Look at him. He looked like he was about to piss himself earlier. Grab some popcorn, boys. We've got a show to watch for the next few months. Gui wedding glared at the doorway, her mind refusing to process what she'd just seen. He left. He just walked out like that without even coming over to coax me. Is this some kind of hard to get game? asterisk. How could G phone treat her this way? And now that he'd left, what was she supposed to do about her phone? Her student ID was still sitting at the front desk of Juanha K TV while Guushi wedding wrestled with her frustration when Juan sitting a few rows away glanced at the door then back at her notes and lowered her head once more. Jong arrived at the nearby Salted Fish Internet Cafe with his group of weward youths. A promise is a promise. Since he'd said they'd be hitting some games tonight, Jong wasn't about to bail. He was the first to arrive as his lackey were still trailing behind. Having not touched League of Legends in ages, his fingers were itching to play, so he started a match on his own. To his annoyance, he ended up in the fifth pick slot the moment the lobby opened. First pick mid, second pick jungle, third pick top, fourth pick mid, or AD. Either works. Gone remained silent for two seconds before typing. Fifth pick, I don't support. Everyone has a spot. If you're fifth, who else is going to support? Gone wasn't in the mood to be pushed around. Support your f asterisk asterisk asterisking mother. I'm giving you enough face as it is. What? You think you're in a position to command me? Your mom. Fang. Look at the ID. 2400 yellow in the Ionian server. Show some respect, pal. Gone finished typing, his eyes fixed on the screen with a hint of nerves. Checked. 49% win rate. 1150 yellow. Who the hell do you think you're kidding? Caught red-handed. Gone gave a sheepish grin. Eh, didn't bluff you. Fine, I'll support. He immediately locked in master e. Unfortunately, the happy win man Yasuo didn't exist in this timeline yet. Are you f asterisk asterisk asterisk kidding me? Master E support you trolling or what? Don't panic. Just watch me show you some real skill later. Gone replied confidently. 30 minutes later, you motherf asterisk asterisk asterisk. Gi Fangs fingers danced across the keyboard like a concert pianist. He couldn't wrap his head around it. Why did everyone else get a rebirth cheat code and become a top tier player while he remained stuck in the bronze silver trenches? Fungji, don't be mad. We're here now. Dodding and the others had been watching from behind for a while. Seeing Ji Fangs mounting rage, they spoke in hushed, cautious tones. Usually, their little gang of misfits had at least one or two decent players. But this group was a statistical anomaly. Everyone was equally trash, peeking at 1,300 yellow, barely silver. Seeing Gone getting demolished, no one dared to offer to carry him. Gone turned to look at them, took a breath to steady his temper, and forced a smile. Look, when I cursed his mother in the game, it wasn't actually his real mother. This mother is a concept, a hypothetical, a phantom of the digital realm. She only exists within this match. In reality, she's nothing. She simply represents my frustration with his performance and my rejection of this game state. I had to manifest this mother because of his play. Once the game ends, his mother remains his mother. She won't suffer for it, and it's got nothing to do with me. But, he added, if I run into her in real life, I'll still say, "Hello, Annie. That's called class. You understand? Understood, boss. Sit down all of you. Watch me carry you to god tier status with my mastery tonight. For hours later, Dodding and the others sat in heavy silence. Giong felt as the leader he needed to address the situation. Look, regarding tonight, it's hard to say. I made some mistakes, but you guys were so f asterisk asterisk asterisking useless. It's honestly illogical. Dodding didn't argue. He simply opened the damage stats. Jiangs Master E. 40 minutes, zero kills, 16 deaths, two assists, 2500 damage. It was staring them right in the face. Choosing to ignore his lackey stairs, Jiong sideighed. I wish to buy Osmanthis wine and travel together, but alas, the dreams of youth are no more. Over the next 2 days, the traffic monetization project progressed steadily. Gone rented a small space to serve as a studio, while his own time was spent essentially serving a prison sentence in the classroom. Other than bumping into Wuan during her morning jog, which provided a brief, pleasant distraction, he barely spoke to his soul. Naturally, Wuan didn't speak to him either. Guiwitting sought him out a few times, but Jiong made no attempt to engage. Insensed, she vowed to never talk to him again. Because he was genuinely trying to study, Jiong felt like his brain was being rung dry. Language and English were manageable. With enough rope memorization and effort, he could see progress. But math was a different beast. Having missed so much of the curriculum, the textbook looked like ancient hieroglyphics. He recognized every individual character, but put them together, and he had no idea where to start. Out of options, Gone poked his desk with his pen, then turned his gaze toward the seats several rows away near the windows. After a moment's thought, he grabbed his math book and headed over. What's he doing? No clue. He looks pissed. He's not going to hit Wan, is he? Possible. I heard old Huang gave Gone trouble the other day. Probably related to that. Under the skeptical gazes of his classmates, Goam pulled up a chair and plunked himself down in front of Wuan. Wuan looked up, then quietly tucked the steamed bun she'd been eating into her desk drawer. Her movements were subtle, but they didn't escape Gone. He didn't mention it. He simply opened his math book, pointed to a problem, and said, "Could you help me walk through this?" When Juan paused for several seconds, she looked up at him with a confused, slightly weary expression, her brows knitting together as if confirming whether he was trying to prank her. Jone pursed his lips and reiterated, "I I really don't get it. I'm completely lost. I'm out of options." When Juan frowned, but it smoothed out almost immediately. Her lips parted and she spoke in a cool, detached tone. Fine. Where do you want to start? Right here. Given the function f x equals. When one didn't waste time on small talk, she bypassed all the unnecessary filler, dove straight into the core of the problem, and began to teach him with intense focus. As she explained, a different aura radiated from her. One of absolute unshakable confidence. It was like a light. Chapter 12. When is seriously amazing. Jiong had once seen this kind of self asssurance in Guushi Wedding. It made sense. Gui wedding was a top student, pretty, and came from a decent family. But when Juan was different, most of the time she was like a background extra. She was too detached and her family's financial situation was dire. For a girl with ambition and high self-respect, poverty has a way of stripping away that aura of confidence. Even in academics, after entering high school, when Juan had struggled immensely with English for over 2 years, she had been a perennial underdog, always chasing. It wasn't until the last monthly exam that she finally climbed to the top of the grade. For someone in her position, perhaps academics was the only place she could bear her soul and radiate true confidence without reservation. The fundamental way to solve this problem is like this. Do you understand? No, I didn't catch that. Jiong looked a bit embarrassed. His mind had been wandering when tilted her head, let out a soft sigh, and said, "It's fine. Let's go over it again." "Uh, sure." This time, Jiong focused his attention entirely on the workbook. Jong and Wuan discussing studies. Had this happened before, the whole class would have laughed it off as a joke. But now, with it happening right in front of their eyes, most of them just found it surreal. Buddy, am I dreaming? is when Juan actually tutoring Ji Fong. Want me to slap you across the face? See if that helps. Jong has been ignoring Guuetting lately. Do you think he's just switched targets to get a rise out of her? Sucking up to Win Juan? Does that even make sense? Who cares if it makes sense? Knowing Jong, he's exactly the kind of guy who'd pull this. Gi could brush off the murmurss as background noise, but when Juan wasn't as thick- skinned. After the gossip grew louder, she stopped mid- explanation. Before she could say a word, Gucci Wedding stormed over to Ji Fangs desk. Gone, what the hell are you doing? Is it because I've been ignoring you lately that you're doing this on purpose to piss me off? Even in Guushi Wedding's eyes, it was impossible that Gone was actually studying. To her, everything he was doing was just a desperate bid for her attention, fueled by his resentment of her cold shoulder. Gone looked back at her, his expression complicated. The nerve of this girl, delusional and insufferable. Asterisk. He turned back and tapped on Wuan's desk. I don't know whose nerves I've triggered just by trying to study a little, but they're acting like they stepped in [ __ ] popped a tire, and threw a tantrum all at once. This huge classroom doesn't have a square inch belonging to me, but all I see on these people's faces is two words: jealousy. Whatever. Staying here just means getting pointed at by these brain dead idiots. Might as well move somewhere else. When Juan looked up at Gone, then glanced at Guushi wedding. She was still ruminating on what Gone had just said. Asterisk, how do I put it? He has a bit of a literary streak, but he mixes in insults so seamlessly. What a strange way to talk. asterisk. I I'm fine with whatever. Let's go. Too many idiots here. I'm afraid it's contagious. Jiong halwin one up and started walking. By the time she processed what was happening, they were already at the classroom door. She cooly shook off his hand. Don't grab me, right? Let's move. Jung didn't say where. And when Muan didn't ask, she just followed him all the way to the cafeteria. Isn't it even noisier here? The brain needs energy to run. Let's eat first, otherwise we'll never get through the material. Then I'm going back. Hey, we're not done with the problems yet. Why are you going back now? Jone grabbed her again and again. She shook him off. When Juan looked out the window, thinking about her own lunch waiting in her desk cubby. I have to go back and eat, too. Gone froze at a loss for words. Seeing her turn to leave again, he intercepted her, putting on a fierce expression. You almost gave me brain atrophy with that last sentence. What do you mean? Do you know how much I pay for a private tutor? 120 per session. If you're tutoring me, do you think I'm going to let you go hungry? Sit down. Jings expression was harsh. He hadn't been this aggressive in a while. Enough to make people forget how he used to be. When Juan didn't argue, but she didn't look like she was planning to stay either. She found a seat and sat down, avoiding Ji Fangs eyes. What do you want to eat? Whatever. Giong didn't bother asking further. Trying to get a girl to define whatever was a losing battle. He went to the serving window and picked the most expensive items. This, this, and this. Give me double portions. He ordered a massive amount. He was actually trying to play a bit of a prank on her. Asterisk whatever, huh? Let's see you try to finish this, you little runt. asterisk. But when he set the tray down, when Muan didn't say anything like, "That's too much. I can't finish it." She just looked at the food and whispered, "Thank you." Then she started eating. Watching her eat, Jong began to feel genuinely alarmed. Halfway through, he was already starting to feel full. But the Wan across from him showed no signs of stopping. Jiong knew Win Juan was a hard worker. But she was incredibly thin. The way she ate reminded him of construction workers, the ones who were gaunt but could scarf down seven or eight buns and three or four bowls of rice in one sitting. When Juan was exactly like that, she was severely malnourished. When she had eaten more than half, when stole a quiet glance at Goam, Goam, who had been expecting this, was already looking away. This allowed Winon to relax and she went right back to eating until she finished every last bite. Jiong didn't say a single word. I'm done. Done. Then let's go. What are you staring at? Don't you still have to teach me those problems? Jiings attitude was as arrogant as ever. But even as they walked out of the cafeteria, he didn't mention her eating habits. When Juan's expression remained indifferent, but her eyes darted away. She replied crisply, "Okay." She wasn't just avoiding his gaze. She had also let out a tiny discreet burp because she was so full. With Win's help, Gone got through a study session that felt completely different from the usual. By the next day, everyone had started to grow accustomed to the bizarre combination of the school delinquent and the top ranking student. Whether it was real or an act, the serious focus the two of them showed was actually beginning to influence others. Take Lee Long, the class monitor, for example. He took the initiative to approach Guushi Wedding. She Wedding, let's study together. But Guushi Wedding didn't even spare him a glance. She walked straight over to Jong and Wuan and spoke up. Gi, let me teach you this problem. I know how to do it. Gi, currently engrossed in his studies, was annoyed by the interruption. Having been a man in charge for so long in his past life, his temper was actually quite volatile. He looked up, ready to snap when he caught Wuan looking out the window, completely detached. It was clear that if Jong started a fight or walked away, she would simply accept it silently. When Nuan seemed to have always been like this, a perpetual outsider. Staring at her, Jiong suddenly felt his anger dissipate. He glanced at Guushi wedding, then at the class monitor, Lee Long, who was left standing there in an awkward silence. Suddenly, Jiong raised both hands in front of his chest and waved them dismissively, figning a high-pitched, affected, and overly dramatic tone. No need, Goo. Really? Having student win teach me is just fine. She's like totally super amazing. Chapter 13. A heart-to-heart on the rooftop. Guushiing froze. Even though Jiong had rebuffed her repeatedly over the past few days, she still couldn't reconcile herself to his current attitude. Why? Why are things like this? Just because I turned you down, does that mean we can't be friends anymore? Why are you treating me this way? Jiangs mouth twitched. The entitlement of some girls was truly terrifying. He didn't answer, but Guiuing pressed on, relentless. She's brilliant, but am I really that far behind? Jiong figured since she'd asked, he might as well be honest. She's ranked first in the grade and you're only third. The difference is clear as day. Leilong, the class monitor, saw Jiong reject Guuetting and immediately stepped in to derail the conversation. Look, Shuetting when Juan and Jong have already developed a rhythm. If we but in now, we'll just get in each other's way. Why don't we stick together? We can keep each other focused. Gui wedding was already in a foul mood. Hearing that sent her over the edge, "What rhythm? Are you blind?" Having been slapped down by Guushetting twice now, Leelongs face cycled through shades of purple and red. A few classmates nearby who were watching the show had to puff out their cheeks to keep from bursting into laughter. Gone was getting annoyed, too. He waved a hand at them. All right, all right, back it up. Why are you all standing around like a bunch of statues? Batman off the clock today? Gotham finally saved. Gui wedding didn't know what Batman or Gotham meant, but she knew it wasn't a compliment. Gone, please stop this. I don't want to be like this. Can we go back to how we were? Her voice was laced with tears. If this were the old G foam, his knees probably would have buckled by now. But unfortunately, some people talk sense, some people talk nonsense. I get both. But you're one of a kind. Actively trying to talk me into an early grave. You really want me dead, don't you? G Foam, get lost. You've already wasted 9 minutes of my study time. Ji Fangs tone turned sharp and Guushi Wedding instinctively took a step back. Leong reached out to steady her, but she shoved him away. Then she snapped at him. Stay away from me, you pathetic little lap dog. With that, she stormed out of the classroom, Lee Long. He stood there stunned, his expression shifting in the dim light as he contemplated his next move. Meanwhile, Jiong had already returned to his studies with Winon. As the drama subsided, silence returned to the classroom. Only the class monitor remained, standing there like a total clown. He cast a weary glance at Gone. In front of him, the title of class monitor was utterly useless. Doing anything directly to Gone was impossible. But what about when Juan Lee Longs gaze grew devious? Saturday, the last day of the school week. Everyone spent the day studying as usual until the evening arrived. G Foam, fresh from a bathroom break, prepared to call Wuan to the cafeteria for dinner, just as he always did. But the seat by the window was empty. At first, he didn't think much of it and sat down to wait. But moments later, whispers began to drift to his ears. When Wong got called out by old Huang, "Yeah, heard it's about the thing with Gone. Puppy love. Yeah, they're probably calling her parents in. Wuan is in deep trouble now. I don't know what she's thinking, hanging around him all day. Jiong suddenly stood up and the gossiping students immediately shut their mouths. He walked over to one of them and asked with a thin, sharp smile, who started this rumor, huh? It was the class monitor. Lee Long Jiong didn't press further. He walked straight out of the classroom and lingered by the teacher's office. He wasn't some doineering CEO character from a novel. Charging in to play the hero would be ridiculous. He just wanted to see if Wuan was there. After spending a few days with her, Jon had realized that Wuan was quite withdrawn. Aside from when she was explaining problems, she lacked any real self-confidence. To be honest, her personality wasn't exactly healthy. She studied hard, but there was an underlying sense of hopelessness about her. Though Jong wasn't sure if he was just imagining it, "Go, what are you doing here?" Seeing who was approaching, Jong narrowed his eyes. He hadn't found Wuan, but he had run into Leon. A spark of irritation flared in his chest, though he couldn't be bothered to argue with him. Where's Win Juan? Who knows? Probably just upset after being reprimanded by teacher Huan. After all, her parents are being called in this Monday. She was crying a moment ago. I imagine she's full of regret right now. At the mention of regret, Lee Long gave Jiong a smug, triumphant look, but Jiangs mind was solely on Wan. Hearing that she'd been crying gave him an ominous feeling. Wan's personality was actually quite extreme. Her reclusive, antisocial behavior was just a mask. In his past life, after her mother passed away and she failed the college entrance exams, she had chosen to end her life right there at the school. She wasn't the kind of delicate flower that grows stronger through hardship. On the contrary, she was fragile. That was why Ji Fong had been so careful in his daily interactions, trying to protect her mood and never wanting to hurt this fragile little flower. Not just to make up for his past mistakes, but because he genuinely couldn't bear to see her break. Provoked by Lee Long's smuggness, Jiong took a deep breath and pointed a finger at him. She'd better be okay or you're going to be in a world of hurt. Uh, Jong, this is a school. We follow the rules. I don't give a damn about your rules. I'm looking for someone, so get the hell out of my way. He left him with that biting remark and stroed out of the teaching building. He checked the cafeteria, the field, and even had people check the girl's bathroom, but there was no sign of her. Standing on the playground with his hands on his hips, he felt a cold night breeze. Instinctively, he looked up beneath the moonlight. He thought he saw a figure flash across the edge of the school building's rooftop. [ __ ] No way. Gone cursed under his breath and sprinted back toward the building, heading straight for the roof. The moonlight was bright, bathing the world in a silver glow that felt almost surreal. A beautiful girl in her school uniform sat by the edge of the rooftop railing, gazing silently at the sky. Even with the moonlight painting a picture, she made the scene even more breathtaking. Her profile was gentle and delicate, like a piece of white jade set against the night. The breeze played with her hair, making him want to reach out and run his fingers through those raven black locks to feel their silkiness. Try to talk her down. Talking to someone in this state was useless. If she were truly determined, she would just try again later. Shedding his usual impulsive, fiery persona, Jong silently walked over and sat down beside her, saying nothing. Seeing him sit down, it was when Nuan, who rarely initiated conversation, who spoke first. Jong. Yeah. The path of life. It's just so long. Jong sensed the shift in her emotions and didn't act rashly. Why do you say that? The philosophy books say life is a path and you have to endure the wind and rain along the way. Yeah, plenty of books say that. But walking, you have to learn how to walk. You have to pave the path. Put on shoes, put on socks, put on clothes. Sometimes you have to wear a hat. And sometimes you have to face the wind, face the rain. Sometimes you have to say excuse me and excuse me again. It's just so exhausting. Chapter 14. Conflict in the classroom. After saying this, when Juan turned back to look at Goam. This was the first time she had taken the initiative to meet his gaze directly. It was a piercing look as if she were waiting for his answer. Gi didn't rush to respond. He held her gaze, taking a moment to reflect. When Juan, could she really be showing signs of depression? Do you want to die? Yes. When Juan admitted it quite plainly, Jiong didn't bother asking why. In his previous life, she had indeed died, though he wasn't sure if he was the primary reason. Hearing her answer, he remained silent for a few seconds. Sensitive people truly perceive everything in this world. It's a pity though that the only thing you fail to see is how precious you are. Precious me. When one retorted, Gong didn't back down. People who talk about wanting to die are just posturing, hoping fate will cut them some slack. A person who truly wants to die is like a silent train charging into a solid mountain wall without slowing down. They'd go down in flames, grinding their life and the memories of their loved ones into dust. When one opened her mouth, stunned, she couldn't help but wonder if the Gone before her was really the same low life he used to be. It wasn't the first time he'd said something like this. Are you trying to talk me out of it? When Muan stared hard at him, Gone didn't deny it. Exactly. Someone who really wants to die wouldn't care what people say. In my experience, those who keep talking about death aren't actually looking to end it, but rather rather what? Rather, they are still craving love. For a split second, a glimmer of light appeared in Win's eyes, but it flickered out just as quickly. She lowered her head, her voice turning cold again. I never provoked anyone. Ji Fong stood up, leaning against the rooftop railing, letting the night wind brush against his face and hair. He chuckled. Whenever one retreated into this icy shell, it meant she was actually recovering. As long as she was recovering, she wouldn't want to die. When Nuan, however, didn't understand why he was laughing. Jiong suddenly bared his teeth in a strange toothy grin. You wouldn't get it. Some people in this world are just born lowborn trash. They can't stand a day without stirring up trouble. Other than looking like human beings, everything they do and say is no different from vermin. They're just picking on you because they think you're weak and easy to bully. When one suddenly felt that this version of Gong, the one speaking in this tone, was the real one. Thank you. I feel a bit better. Dissolving a mood like that doesn't happen overnight. You should do more of what you love. Get closer to the people you enjoy being around and things will get better. Things I love, people I like. Seeing when lost in thought, Jon recalled the rumors from his past life about her and Yin Hong Hao. Back then, everyone said she was in love with him. Jiong didn't find it surprising. Yan Hong Ho was a top student, handsome, and from a wealthy family. But in the end, Yin Hongo chose Guushi Wedding. When Muan lost her mother, failed her studies, and then chose to end it all, Jiong felt this girl had suffered way too much. He needed to encourage her. If you like Yin Hunga, then go after him bravely. Don't be afraid of anyone or anything. After his comforting words, when had softened up, but the moment he brought up Yin Hong, she stood up abruptly. Her gaze, was that anger? You're a lunatic. Having dropped that, Wuan walked off, leaving a bewildered Gi Fong standing in the wind. Did I say something wrong? Whatever. As long as she doesn't want to die, it's fine. Jiong rubbed his nose and vaulted over the railing. Since when Juan didn't go to eat with him, Jiong had no choice but to buy two orders of fried noodles from the cafeteria. If he didn't bring food, she'd likely just gnaw on dry buns. Besides, the business wasn't finished yet. Back in the classroom, when Juan was already in her seat, Jong set the fried noodles down. Not hungry. Gi still angry? What on earth for? Whatever. Women are complicated. Better to deal with that piece of trash first. That's the real priority. Jiongo put down his own noodles and walked straight toward the class monitor. Lee Long. The atmosphere in the room shifted instantly. Ji Fangs footsteps drew the eyes of the entire class as he marched up to Lee Longs desk. Gi fong you. Bang. The surrounding students collectively gasped as they witnessed the class monitor get kicked squarely in the face. Before he could even fall completely, Lee Long was hauled up by his hair. You [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] You dare mess with the people I'm protecting? Not only do you snitch like some pathetic rat, but you're spreading lies, too. Do you have a death wish? A clear, dusty sneaker print was stamped onto Lee Long's face like a printer's mark. Jiong followed up with a kick to Lee Long's thigh. The guy let out a shrill scream, collapsing onto the floor, wailing and groaning. A student sitting by the door thought about calling for a teacher, but after one cold look from Goam, he quietly sat back down and buried his nose in a book. Jang's focus on his studies lately had made many forget what he used to be like. School bullies were a staple in almost every academy. Monitor Lee Long had been naive enough to think Gone would follow the rules, completely forgetting that he himself hadn't been following them either. Fabricated reports, smears, and the near destruction of Wuan. Under Lee Long's terrified gaze, Gone crouched down beside him. Don't mess with her. Get it? Seeing Lee Long nod, he said nothing more and walked back to his seat. Lee Long slowly picked himself up from the floor. Looking at Go, he didn't even dare to show a trace of resentment. The atmosphere in the classroom remained suffocating. Ji Fangs presence was oppressive. It seemed his recent academic focus hadn't dampened his ferocity. If anything, he felt more dangerous than before. The old Go was just a thug. The current Goam, a thug who occasionally practiced manners, yet hit harder than ever. The heavy silent tension was broken by a set of footsteps. The home room teacher, Huang Jihi, suddenly appeared at the door. Old Huang was puzzled. At this time of day, shouldn't the classroom be buzzing? Why was it dead silent? He looked toward the monitor, "Liong," and beckoned him over. "Leong, come with me to the office." "Uh, okay." Liong responded, and old Hong immediately noticed something was wrong. "Leong, what happened to your face?" Lielong looked at Huang Jihi. A desire to report everything, to have the teacher dish out a heavy punishment or even put a black mark on Jiangs permanent record surged in his heart. But a cold breeze drifted in through an open window, instantly extinguishing that thought. A disciplinary mark. What did that mean to someone like Gone? Nothing at all. If he ratted him out, would Gone come after him again? Absolutely. He was about to take the college entrance exam. This was the most important moment of his life. He couldn't crash here. It's It's nothing, mister. Huang, I just fell by accident. Huang Jihi walked over to get a closer look. The sneaker print on his face was swollen and red. It was clearly the result of a beating. You sure you fell? Leon snuck a look at Gi Foam, but Gi Foam didn't even turn his head. I just fell. Hang Jihi since something was off and turned to the rest of the class. All right, who's going to tell me what happened to Leongs face. Chapter 15. Standing up for Jiefing. Huang Jihi's question was met with dead silence. It couldn't be helped. Everyone was in the final sprint toward the college entrance exams. And it wasn't just about being afraid of giefing. If you offended him and he decided to land a couple of heavy blows, you'd end up in the hospital missing weeks of study and potentially the exams themselves. That would be a lifelong regret. At this stage, no student with half a brain would dare crossfing. It wasn't even a matter of fear anymore. The risk was simply too high. Besides, the class monitor, Lee Long, well, he was a complicated case. The air in the classroom was suffocating. Old Hang scanned the room, and when no one answered, his temper flared. He pointed randomly at a student. Maoing Yong, you explain what happened. I don't know, sir. I I just want to take a dump, and I only just got back. Huang Jihi frowned and pointed at another. Xiao Yucho, you tell me. No idea. I just got back, too. Having asked two people with no results, Huang Jihi felt his blood pressure rising. So, no one's talking. Fine. Well just wait here until someone decides to speak. I've got all the time in the world. I refuse to believe that a school like no. One high would harbor such a cancerous growth. Huang Jihis words were clearly pointed. Jifing let out a sigh. When you make a mistake, you own it. When you're being reprimanded, you stand still and take it. He couldn't hide behind his classmates like a coward and let them take the fall for him. just as he prepared to stand up and admit it when who had been staring at him silently stood up first. Mr. Huang Leeong tripped and fell on his own. I saw it happen. Hang Jihi Jung. Everyone else being the center of attention was uncomfortable. But when Muan was acting strangely today one, what are you talking about? Under Hong Jihi's disbelieving gaze, Wuan replied calmly, "It's the truth. You don't think I'd lie, do you, mister Hong?" Wan, what exactly is going on with you? I'm doing just fine, sir. Fine. Huang Jihi's chest heaved, but he couldn't find the words to criticize her further. After all, this was when Nuan, the top student in the entire school. He had only called her mother in hopes that she would keep Wan focused and away from the corrupting influence of a hoodlam like Jieing. With her acting like this, Huang Jihi had backed himself into a corner. He eventually had to wave his hand in frustration and storm out. Suit yourself. Back in his office, Huang Jihi was seething. He felt that Wuan's behavior was entirely the result of Jiefing's persistent pestering. What a bright kid she had been now ruined by a low life like Jiefing. This when Juan with the final exams looming, she's acting out indulging in teenage romance. When her mother comes on Monday, I really have to have a serious talk with her. A prime candidate for Ching Hua or peaking university. She can't just throw her future away like this asterisk. In the classroom, the atmosphere was bizarre. This included geeing himself. Did Winan just cover for me? The way she shut old Huang down, that was pure steel. She's actually a total badass. Jifung didn't go find Wuan during evening self-study that night. Instead, he just sat there drawing circles on his notebook, dozens of them. He felt like a total idiot for doing something so brainless. Yet, he couldn't stop. By the time self-study ended, not another word had passed between them. When you're obsessed with something, time flies. That holds true for gaming just as much as it does for studying. Before he knew it, the weekend had arrived. Sunday morning, Jiefing went for his usual jog in the park, but surprisingly he didn't run into Win. Even though they hadn't spoken much, he had grown accustomed to their chance encounters during these runs. He had wanted to tell her thank you today. What a shame. He walked to the familiar dumpling shop nearby, ordered, and sat down, but hesitated for a long time. Suddenly, he stood up, left his food untouched, and headed straight home. He washed up, changed, and hopped on his Ghostfire scooter, speeding toward the urban village. Right. He promised to tutor her. He was a man of his word. He couldn't break that promise. Jifing rode a little fast. When he reached the alley where he dropped her off last time, he realized with a jolt that he had no idea where she actually lived. He hadn't walked her to her door that night. When Juan didn't have a phone, and she'd never given him a home number. Standing at the entrance of the alley, he felt like a complete [ __ ] Damn it. The world is full of coincidences, and some are simply bound to happen. Just as Jing was convinced his tutoring session was a bust, when's voice sounded behind him. Why are you here? Huh? Oh, I uh I'm here for our study session. Jing felt a bit sheepish saying it, lacking his usual sharpedged bravado. He looked at her and noticed she was carrying several bags, vegetables, a bit of meat, boxes of medicine, and other daily necessities. You uh went grocery shopping. Let me carry those for you. When glanced at him, her expression and tone returning to their usual icy state. No. Jing stood awkwardly in place. Just as she had walked a good distance away, she suddenly turned back. If you're here to tutor me, why are you just standing there? Ah, coming. Jifing hurried to catch up, though. In Juan still wouldn't let him take the bags. Being 6 feet tall and following her empty-handed felt ridiculous. They wo through the alley until they stopped before a rusted iron gate wrapped in a colorful woven plastic sheet. Tucking the bags under one arm. She skillfully pulled out her keys. Behind the iron gate was a wooden door. And after both gave a nerve-grading creek, Jing finally saw the inside of her home. The room was tiny. The toilet was positioned right by the door. On the right were a desk and a bookshelf along with a portable gas stove. On the left was a large bed where when Nuan's mother was resting. The air was thick with the scent of traditional herbal medicine mixed with the sharp sterile smell of hospital chemicals. Hearing the commotion, Wong Yakin slowly woke up and propped herself up against the headboard. You're that classmate from the other night, Jieing. Her voice was soft, even though her expression showed some surprise. Jifing quickly offered a warm smile. Yes, ma'am. I'm here to have Wuan help me with my studies. Oh, I see. That night, Mom, it's time for your medicine. Wuan handed her mother a glass of water and a small plastic cap filled with pills, effectively cutting off the conversation. All right, let me take these. Jing watched silently. The room was so cramped that besides the desk and the bed, there wasn't even a place to sit. He tried to prepare himself for what he might see, but he hadn't imagined conditions could be this dire. Once she finished the medicine, Wong Yakin looked at Jieing with an apologetic smile. Sorry, Jieing. It's so small in here. A bit crowded. It's no trouble at all, ma'am. You, too. Mom, I'm going to tutor Jing now. It's inconvenient for us to stay here, and it'll disrupt your rest. We're going to head out for a bit. Is that okay? He rarely heard when speak this many words at once, not even on the rooftop at school yesterday. Still, Jieing found the whole situation odd. It wasn't anything specific, but the dynamic between Wuan and her mother, it just felt off. Chapter 16. A weekend together. This was the second time when Nuan had cut into the conversation between him and Wong Yakin, and he felt a bit awkward. Jiong had the distinct impression that Wuan didn't really want him talking too much to her mother. Wong Yakin didn't press the matter either. She simply watched her daughter while Wuan stared right back at her. The silence hung between them like a standoff. After a long while, Wuan repeated herself. "Is that okay?" Watching the tension between mother and daughter, Jong felt like he'd been dragged into some sort of domestic drama. He was desperately wishing he could just slip out and steer clear of the fallout. Luckily, the stalemate didn't last long. A silent Wong Yakin finally broke into a smile. Of course, dear. Thanks, Mom. When Wuan's voice was barely a whisper, and Jone could clearly see the tension draining out of her. Well, Mom, we're heading out. Get some rest this weekend. At that moment, even as dense as he was, it finally clicked. The relationship between Win and her mother wasn't just complicated. It was deeply nodded. And in that light, the reasons behind when Nan's suicide in his past life felt even more layered. Man, everyone's got their own crosses to bear. Jiong thought. Wong Yakin gave a slight nod, then suddenly called out to Jong just as they were about to leave. Giong, wait a second. What is it, Andy? As he engaged with her, Jong felt when Nuan's gaze on him. She seemed incredibly on edge. You're riding that scooter, right? Make sure you take it slow on the road and get back early tonight. You hear me? Don't worry, Auntie. I'll be careful. Good. Go on then. It was a mundane exchange, but it made when Nuan let out a soft sigh of relief. Gone, let's go. All right. With their study materials in hand, they finally stepped out. As they walked through the urban village courtyard, when Nuan kept her head down, saying nothing. Though she was usually quiet, Jiong sensed she wasn't happy, so he kept his mouth shut, too. Reaching the corner, Jiong hopped on his scooter and tossed a white helmet to her. It's new. Try it on. When Juan put on the helmet and once again climbed onto the back of his ghost fire. Once they were moving, Jiong asked, "Where to matter?" "Great." Jiong hated, "Doesn't matter." He thought for a moment, "Let's go to the library. There'll be open seats. It's relatively quiet and it's free." "Okay, short and sweet." Gi revved the engine, letting the breeze whip against their faces. The feeling of freedom was intoxicating for him and clearly for when one too. On the road, Jono remained acutely aware of the girl's accidental brushes against him. It left him feeling strange and his body tense. By the time they reached the municipal library, he found himself exhaling a sigh of relief. Let's go. Okay. They found a corner table and dove into another round of cramming. Given the function, by and large, it was when Juan helping Goam as she had already mastered the problem she was explaining. And yet, whenever she was teaching him, her eyes would light up. Helping him with his work seemed to be the happiest moment of her day. When you're focused, time flies. By noon, Jiong picked up a few loaves of bread and two bottles of water, planning to just make do with Win Juan right there. When Juan had gone quiet again, just when Jong assumed they'd wolf down the food and get back to the math, she spoke up. Go, that thing you mentioned before about making traffic as a relationship expert. Could you teach me that? Gone blinked. His first thought was, "Why does she want to learn that? Could he teach her?" Of course. He taught total slackers before. Teaching when Juan was a piece of cake. But there was a problem. Generating traffic took a massive amount of time, energy, and a fair bit of seed money for computers and internet access. For guys like Dodding, it was pocket change. But for Win Juan's household, that was a different story. Then there was the sheer drain of energy. It would inevitably eat into her study time. Even though she'd make money under his guidance, and even though that money might seem significant to an average person in the early stages, compared to the untapped potential when Juan possessed, it was absolute peanuts. It would be a complete waste of her brilliance. When Juan was smart, but she lacked the worldly experience to see that intelligence couldn't fix everything. He figured the reason she asked was simple, money. Ever since they'd met, he knew things were tight at home. But today, seeing the house, he realized just how desperate it was. A sick family member was a bottomless pit. He remembered she was on the list for a poverty subsidy at school. But that pittance meant nothing against the cost of medical bills. Poverty wasn't just a lack of money. It was the inability to secure income. Even though when Juan was withdrawn, she was proud and had a fragile, intense sense of dignity. Jiong could feel her desperation to shoulder everything alone. For a girl like that, a sudden need for cash was often the start of a tragedy. So, how should he handle this? Jong tapped his fingers on the table, saying nothing. His hesitation made Win lose her nerve, and she lowered her head again. Finally, he spoke. I charge 120 per session for private tutoring. At school, between the day sessions and the evening self-study, I'll count that as one session. On weekends, we spend half a day at the library, that's two sessions. A full day is three. That makes 15 sessions a week. Even though you're way better than the average tutor, you don't have a professional certification, so I can't pay you a premium. By that math, I'll owe you 1,800 a week for tutoring fees. A stunned when raised a hand to interrupt him. Wait, that's not what I asked. And besides, helping you with your studies. I wouldn't charge for that. Jiong didn't answer. He simply tilted his head, looking down at her with a calm, imposing air. The shy girl couldn't help but look away. You're both trying to make money. You're willing to jump into a field you don't understand, spending time and effort to learn and explore, using tricks any random person could master just to overdraw your future potential for some pocket change, but you aren't willing to use your own formidable talent and expertise to earn money the easy way. Honestly, that's just stupid and it doesn't make any sense. I when Juan was at a loss for words after being scolded. A girl like her stood no chance in a debate against Jong. More importantly, given her lack of experience, she didn't know if her ideas were right, and she found his argument surprisingly convincing. Jong folded his arms, showing no sign of stopping his verbal assault. When Juan, I've always thought you were smart and talented that your future was limitless. Don't do something so idiotic and don't waste your time or your gifts. Can you do that for me? The harshness of his words left her silent for a long time. Finally, he heard a tiny muffled voice. I understand. Seeing her looking so agrieved, Jiong softened. He walked over to the water cooler, filled a cup of warm water, and set it down in front of her. The sharp edge in his tone vanished. Let's continue. Teacher Win. Okay. Chapter 17. So, are you dating? Lately, Gongo had shed his former abrasive, delinquent air, appearing remarkably gentle most of the time. Even when he arrived at Wuan's home this morning, he had maintained a polite, well-mannered demeanor. But just a moment ago, when Nuan had felt an intense, overbearing pressure from him, he didn't seem like a typical classmate, he felt more like a teacher. No, even more imposing than a teacher. During their study session that afternoon, when Juan found it hard to focus, she would catch herself glancing at Gongo every few minutes. By 300 p.m., Gong closed his books and test papers. Let's take a break. We've been at this all day. You must be exhausted. All right. Gone began browsing through some basic musical notation tutorials. He was genuinely planning to ghost write some songs, partly out of a creative itch, but mostly to earn money. While his traffic-based accounts provided a steady income, the volume was still too low. It wasn't the conversion rate that was the problem, but the limited reach of their own content. Posting songs anonymously could be lucrative on its own. Beyond that, he could use the music to build a fan base, draw them into fan groups, and then funnel that traffic back into his own ecosystem. Gone reasoned that this would accelerate his monetization significantly. It was already 2012. The internet boom was well into its middle phase. Carving out a slice of the pie wouldn't be easy. He needed to grind grind harder than he ever had before. When Juan watched him study the music theory books, feeling a bit surprised, she didn't reach for her own leisure reading, even though she loved it. Once Go was preoccupied, she began organizing her notes. Her own notes were clear, but the way she solved problems involved leaps in logic that Ji Fong struggled to follow. Just handing them over to him would be like asking him to chew on gravel. So, she decided to rewrite her notes, optimizing the explanations to make them easier for Giang's thick brain to digest. Then again, was Giong actually thick? The two worked in their own bubbles, neither bothering the other until 5:00 p.m. when Wuan's hand began to cramp from all the writing. Jiong suddenly tapped her on the shoulder. Let's go. Oh, okay. They hopped onto his scooter with familiar ease. But when Juan noticed Goam wasn't heading toward the residential area instead, he pulled up to a China telecom service center. "What are we doing here?" "Paying my phone bill," Gi said casually. When Juan nodded half convinced, "I'll wait here for you." Gone glanced at her, said nothing and stepped inside. Time ticked by and when Juan, waiting by the scooter, frowned slightly. Surely paying a bill didn't take this long. She peered through the glass for a moment, then straightened her posture and leaned back against the bike. got tired of waiting? No. When Juan replied coolly, her words betraying her heart. Jiong handed her a bag. This is for you. When froze, she had vaguely suspected something, but seeing the phone inside the bag, she instinctively recoiled. I'm sorry. I can't accept something this expensive. Her refusal was exactly what Gone had expected. His expression remained calm. It's a promotion. I paid the bill and they gave me the phone for free. When Juan paused, "A free phone for paying a bill?" Noticing her skeptical gaze, Gong gestured toward the billboard outside. Telecom grand promotion, recharge 999 or more and receive an oppo phone. He then pointed to the speakers where a familiar repetitive advertisement was blaring the same offer. When one felt a bit embarrassed, but habit, upbringing, and pride made her hold her ground. You should give it to your family. If I need a phone, I'll earn the money to buy one myself. Gone raised an eyebrow. My family wouldn't look twice at a cheap phone like this. Faced with her silence, Ji Fong felt a headache brewing. The girl was as stubborn as a mule. If he pulled that arrogant CEO routine, saying he'd just throw it away if she didn't take it, she'd probably watch him do it without blinking. Rubbing his temples, Gong softened his voice. When one, I study when I get home. Two, but you know my level. There are so many problems, especially in the sciences, that I just can't grasp on my own. I'm stuck at home with no way to ask for help. If you have a phone, I can reach you on Q or Wechathat when I'm stuck. So, just take it. I really need you. When Nuan lowered her head, hiding her face, though the tips of her ears were burning bright red. After a long moment of hesitation, she didn't say another word. She didn't refuse again either. She simply took the bag from him. Ready to go back? Mm. Her voice was barely a whisper. She climbed back onto the scooter and they returned to her home. This time, Jiong didn't just drop her off at the corner. He rode her all the way to her door. Inside, Wong Yakan noticed the bag in Wuan's hand. She offered a gentle knowing smile but said nothing when mother seemed much better than she had that morning. Not exactly vibrant but at least she wasn't that deathly shade of gray. You're back Jiong. If you don't mind, stay for dinner. Huh? Caught off guard by the invitation, Jiong instinctively looked at Wuan. She was looking back at him, her expression unreadable, though perhaps a little less guarded than usual. That would be, "Thank you, Annie. It's no trouble at all. We rarely have guests. It'll be nice to have some company." With the invitation accepted, Jiong sat by the bed, watching mother and daughter move about. Her mother washed and chopped the vegetables. Wuan did the stir frying, and soon a simple meal of three dishes and a soup was ready. Jiong helped pull Wuan's desk over to serve as a makeshift dining table. There were only two chairs, usually used by the two women. Today, with an extra person, Wuans mother took a few bites and then moved to sit on the bed, watching Goam and Wan eat together. The food was nothing special, but Jono polished off several bowls of rice to show his appreciation. Curiously, no one spoke during the meal. Jon wasn't sure if it was a household rule, so he kept his mouth shut. Wong Yak and watched them with a strange lingering look in her eyes. After dinner, Jon bid them farewell. Goodbye, Auntie. When one, see you tomorrow. Mm. Drive carefully. Gone. Once he was gone, Wuan silently began to wash the dishes. Wong Yakin stood behind her and a heavy silence stretched between them. Mom, teacher Hong wants to see you tomorrow. Oh, what for? Wong Yakin asked, sounding surprised. Her daughter's grades were impeccable. There was never any trouble there. Someone told Teacher Huang that I'm dating someone at school. Dating with who? Gi Fong Wong Yak and froze, then looked at her daughter and asked earnestly, "So, are you dating?" Chapter 18. A girl's love letter. No, I didn't. Looking at her daughter, Wong Yaken nodded thoughtfully and repeated the words she'd said earlier. Jiong seems like a good, well-mannered boy. The last time her mother said that, when Muan had found it strange this time, hearing the same words, she actually felt it was spot on. Yes. All right, don't worry about tomorrow. I'll have a proper talk with your teacher, Mr. Hong. Thanks, Mom. Don't be silly. What's there to thank me for? Returning to school life, Jiangs pace gradually stabilized. Every morning, he exercised. During the day, he studied. And at night, he went home to supervise Dodding and the others with their traffic generation. It seemed like nothing had changed. Yet, it also felt like everything had. Wu one's mother had visited the school. Jiong had braced himself for a disaster. But the day passed peacefully. He had no idea what had actually gone down in that office. After that, his tutoring sessions with Wuan didn't stop. She continued to fulfill her role as his mentor. Moreover, the early romance drama at Mister Hangen had completely blown over. Time flew and in the blink of an eye, the monthly exams arrived. With only a few months left before the college entrance exam, mock exams were an inevitable high pressure routine. Jiang's performance on the last monthly exam had been nothing short of a catastrophe. Take math for instance. On normal days, he would just mark C for every answer, netting him anywhere from 20 to 40 points. Last time, he'd marked C for everything and walked away with a measly three points. His English was just as atrocious. His total score was under 200, hitting rock bottom even by the standards of Pearl City no one high school. The long- aaited exam felt like a bit of a throwback. With his current mindset, he couldn't imagine being nervous or failing to perform. Removing those variables, all that was left was raw ability. After all, the academic foundation that had gotten him into this school in the first place was still there. After a period of intense tutoring underwelt his skills had improved significantly, he just wasn't sure how high he could climb. Recalling his past failures, he gripped his exam paper, his eyes flashing with determination. Everything I've lost, I'm going to take back with my own two hands. The three days of exams passed in a flash. Time was tight for high school seniors, tight for the students, and just as tight for the teachers. By the third day, the results were posted in the grade hallway, right next to the countdown for the college entrance exam. Gome stood near the bulletin board, scanning the list from the bottom up. across eight classes and over 400 students. He didn't find his name in the bottom 10. This was no one high school. After all, the bottom 100 students were still scoring around 450. Finally, he found himself at the 313th spot. Out of a total of 750, he had scored 466. He remembered his last monthly score, 196. A jump of over 200 points was truly absurd. 466. What did that even mean? It was enough to get into many second tier universities and perhaps even a decent major at a first tier one. For a guy who had been nothing but a school bully a month ago, this progress couldn't be described as anything less than massive. Itch, not bad. Before leaving, Jung glanced at the name in the top spot. When one, she was right there leading the pack by a wide margin. Truth be told, Jung felt a bit lightheaded as he walked back to the classroom. He had a spring in his step. In the student life of 2012, while there were plenty of rivalries, materialism, and street smart posturing, the essence of the classroom hadn't changed. If you had the grades, you were a badass. Even a girl as reclusive and isolated as when Nuan, the type people would usually love to pick on, had only ever been bothered by him in his past life. With his score today, he was no longer at the bottom of the class. High grades commanded respect. Many of those who used to mock him now found their insults falling flat. As soon as he stepped into the room, he heard the buzz of chatter surrounding him. He's here. 466 points. Is that for real? It's real. I was right above him on the list. I saw it myself. He was second to last in the whole grade last time. And now he's got a 466. That's insane, right? He's been working his ass off lately. I've seen it. With Winan tutoring him, his grades were bound to skyrocket. Who knows if he's actually working hard or just faking it. Exactly. Who knows if he cheated? You believe he jumped that much in a month? The students were buzzing. They weren't talking about who he'd bullied lately. They were talking about his academics. Though most of it was skepticism and jealousy, Jong didn't care. In fact, he kind of enjoyed being the subject of the conversation. Loui sitting in the back snuck over to Jangs desk. Brother Phone. Brother Phone. What is it? I heard you did great on the test. Can you teach me how you did it? Looking at the way Loui raised his eyebrows, Gongo knew exactly what was on his mind. Thinking he'd cheated. Fishing for tips. Looking for a shortcut? Not happening. G phone cleared his throat. There is a method. Sure. Tell me. Wake up at 4:00 a.m. every morning to memorize vocabulary. Practice English listening during your morning run and pay close attention in class during the day. No, brother Foam, that's not what I mean. Then what do you mean? Lui's expression turned strange, still clearly not buying it. They're saying that during the exam, Loui didn't finish his sentence, but Go already caught his drift. He waved his hand dismissively. Just a bunch of sour grapes. Pay them no mind. All right, then. Lui didn't get the answer he wanted, and Jiong couldn't be bothered to waste more breath on him. A moment later, Hong Jihi walked into the classroom, clutching a stack of test papers. The room fell silent instantly. He glanced at Wuan first, his expression one of nothing but approval and admiration. When Juan had taken the top spot in the grade twice in a row, and her score this time was even higher than the last. Even if Mr. Hong wanted to find fault, he couldn't find a reason to. when Juan had used her grades to prove her worth. As long as she kept them up, all her other flaws, including her early romance, cease to be flaws at all. Our classes when Juan is in first place again this time. Let's congratulate her. And as per the usual rules, I'll be giving out a personal reward of 100 yuan. It's not much, just a gesture. The rest of you really need to learn from her example. After praising Wuan, old Hangs eyes turned complex. He always gave 100 yuan to the top student and 50 to the most improved. The reward wasn't the problem. The person was The person with the most improvement this time was Goam, which made things incredibly awkward. Next is the most improved award. This time it goes to G Foam. Uh, we've all seen the effort Gong has been putting in lately. Congratulations to him. Perhaps because he wasn't happy about it. Old Hang didn't elaborate further. He told the students to keep working hard and then left the room. Class began and the teachers started going over the exam questions. Time ticked by until noon. G foam having ground through another morning stretched his back and prepared to call when Nuan to go to the cafeteria. Suddenly a beautiful silhouette in a red dress darted into the classroom. The girl had crimson lips and pearly teeth. Her appearance quite charming, though not as stunning as when Juan or Guushi wedding. Jong figured she was at least a solid 7 out of 10. She rushed over to him in a flurry, looking shy as she held out an envelope decorated with a heart. Giong, this is for you. Chapter 19. Thanks for the heart. G phone. He didn't say a word, mostly because he had no idea what to say. Looking at the letter adorned with a heart, a complex mix of emotions welled up inside him. A girl actually confessed to him. This was truly a first. In truth, Gone had always been handsome. There were two main reasons why no girls had liked him in the past. First, his grades were abysmal. In a place like Pearl City, no one high school, everyone was grinding for scores. Students who just coasted weren't exactly popular. Second was his relationship with Guushi wedding who would fall for a mindless desperate lap dog. Now however, Jiangs grades had surged. He was working hard everyday. His reputation had improved and he had stopped fawning over Guushu wedding. Combine that with his naturally tall, handsome frame, and it was only natural for girls to start taking an interest and taking the initiative. Just like this, the girl he didn't recognize on the other side saw that Goam was taking his time and grew anxious. Goam whack. The girl's love letter was suddenly blocked. The arrival of the person responsible made Jiong knit his brows. It was Guushi Wedding who hadn't pestered him in a while. What are you doing? Jiangs cold tone made Guushi feel awful. She wanted a pout, but she was afraid of annoying him further. After struggling with herself for a long moment, she finally spoke up. The college entrance exam is only 2 months away. Puppy love at a time like this is completely inappropriate. As your childhood friend, I have a duty to keep an eye on you before you go around lecturing others. Shouldn't you reflect on yourself? You know that, Mr. Yinfellow. At the mention of Yin Honggho, Guushi Wedding's face turned unsightly. I haven't been in touch with him for a while now. Ji Fo, nothing ever happened between us. Whether something happened between you two or not has nothing to do with me, and frankly, I have no desire to know. Ji Fangs glacial attitude stung her. During this month, without Ji Foam, Guushi Wedding had felt like everything she did was wrong. There was no more doing concern, no more meticulous care, and certainly no more waiting on her hand and foot. After Jong left, she had thought she would feel relieved that she would finally enjoy the freedom she deserved. But the reality was far from that. She and Jong had known each other for over a decade, 10 years. Do you have any idea what that means? Losing Gong felt like losing a close family member. Gi, you used to say you'd always like me, that you'd always look after me. I'm your moonlight. Don't you remember? Gone glanced at Gucci, his frown deepening. His white moonlight from the past. Don't spout nonsense. There's no such thing as a white moonlight. That's just the filtered lens of youth. We have to return to reality. Gucci wedding. The old G foam is dead. I just want to focus on my studies now. Excuse me. Move aside. Don't go. Gucci wedding grabbed his sleeve. Being pestered by a woman made him irritable. The memories of the past only fueled his aversion toward her. He tried to yank his hand away, but she gripped his arm tightly, refusing to let him leave. Just as Gone was starting to lose his temper, a cool, detached voice drifted over from the side. Let's go. Time to eat. The icy tone caused all three of them to freeze. Usually, it was G. Foam who took the initiative to go eat with Wan. Today was the first time she had come to find him. The air pressure around Win was incredibly low. Facing her, Guushi Wedding instinctively released her grip. Jione pulled his hand back immediately and flashed a smile at Wuan. Right. As he brushed past Guushi wedding, the girl who had confessed to him called out once more, "Ji foam." Ji Foam, who had been interrupted by Guushi Wedding, finally remembered the girl. Looking at the shy girl, his gaze gradually softened. He took a deep breath, his expression solemn and sincere. Listen, I don't know your name, but thank you for liking me, and thank you for having the courage to tell me your feelings. I am honored and lucky. I truly appreciate the weight of your feelings, but I'm sorry I cannot accept this gift. Thank you for choosing me in this sea of people. The exams are around the corner and the future is long. College is right in front of us. You will meet better, more outstanding boys in the future. Finally, I wish you a bright future. With that, under the girl's teary eyes, G foam bowed slightly. It was a respectful rejection. No ambiguity, no leading her on, no keeping a spare in the pond. Compared to how Guushi wedding had kept him on a leash for years, this rejection was infinitely more honorable. The students watching them all around couldn't help but cast approving looks. The girls felt Gong had given her the respect she deserved. The boys felt Gongo was acting like a real man. Everyone felt a touch of beauty and regret because of this confession. That was the tail end of high school for you. Gucci wedding standing off to the side felt the same. When Jiong spoke those words, she couldn't help but think of everything she had done to him over the years. She had never once rejected him so clearly. Compared to the Gi Fong of this moment, she felt like a total clown. Gi foam, let's go. Time to eat. Jiong wasn't talking to her and Guushiwitting knew it. She could only watch helplessly as he left with Wuan. She had so much she wanted to say, but at this moment, it felt like she couldn't say anything at all. Once away from the crowd, Jon let out a sigh of relief and smiled at Wuan. Thanks. The pressure back there was intense. I didn't know what to do. When Nuan didn't say anything, keeping her head down, lost in thought. She didn't respond until they reached the canteen entrance. No problem. After they finished their meal, Jono pulled a card from his pocket and handed it to her. Here, the tutoring fee. Since their discussion at the library about making money, when hadn't asked him about finances again, they hadn't discussed a wage for the tutoring, and Jiong hadn't made any moves to pay in advance. At the time, he had already given her a phone, which for her was an incredibly expensive gift. After that, aside from needing her to teach him, he'd only had her set up a Q account. Jiong had never sought much contact with her otherwise. Reborn as he was, he just wanted to live more comfortably and ensure his family was better off. He didn't want to tarnish his relationship with Wuan by turning it into a purely transactional monetary one. But giving her the tutoring money today was fair. She had been tutoring him for a month, and it was compensation she rightfully earned. When Juan looked at the card he offered, her eyes distant. Tutoring you was just incidental. It didn't take much effort. Even brothers settle accounts clearly. You worked for this. Please take it. For some reason, as Jiong handed her the money, when Muan felt a sharp sting of discomfort in her heart, but she really needed the money. After a long moment of hesitation, she finally took the card. The rest of the afternoon was spent in silence. Neither of them said another word. When she returned home, when Muan took out her phone, she found Jiangs avatar on Q, hesitated for a moment, and typed, "Are you free tomorrow? I'd like to treat you to a meal." Chapter 20. when Juan's invitation. Jiong had just stepped out of the shower when he checked his phone. He paused, frowning at the message. He checked the sender's name again to be sure. When Juan Jong rubbed his chin, feeling a bit lost. His chin felt smooth. None of the prickly stubble he used to touch whenever he was deep in thought. If it were any other girl, Jono wouldn't have hesitated for a second to turn her down. But this was when Juan, for a moment, he didn't even know how he should reply. Tomorrow is Sunday. Damn, all this studying is making me lose my marbles. While Jong agonized over what to say, when had already arrived at an ATM, she glanced at her phone repeatedly, but the notification she was waiting for never arrived. Looking at the 7,000 yuan displayed on the ATM screen, she felt a brief moment of dissociation. She understood the value of money all too well. She knew how hard her family struggled and how much her mother suffered. But as for the act of earning money, she had no real concept of it. 7,000 yuan to her and her family right now was undeniably a fortune. a sum that would make even her mother's heart skip a beat when Nuan stood dazed in front of the ATM until an impatient voice came from behind her. Hey, are you going to withdraw or not? If not, get lost. Some of us have places to be. Ping. Right on. Q. A message notification chimed on her phone. It was from Goam. All right, I'll come to pick you up tomorrow. A subtle wave of joy washed over her. The response was simple with no intent to keep the chat going. When was used to this side of Gome and she felt this kind of dynamic suited them perfectly. I'm sorry. She offered a quick apology to the person behind her and refocused on the screen. She withdrew 2,000 yuan, hesitated, and then pulled out another 1,000. She tucked the 3,000 yuan into her school bag. Feeling paranoid, she slung the bag over her front instead of her back. She didn't own the small purses other girls wore, so her school bag was her constant companion. When she got home, she pulled 1,000 yuan from the stack and handed it to Wong Yakin. Mom, this is for you. Wong Yakin looked at the money her daughter held out, her expression flickering with hesitation. Where did this money come from? I've been tutoring Jong. His grades have improved a lot since we started. Today, the mock exam results came out, so he settled the tutoring fees for the past period. When one answered truthfully, her answer made Wong Yak and frown slightly. Ji Fangs tutoring fees. Yes, he's made a lot of progress this time. I'll keep tutoring him, but don't worry, Mom. My own studies won't fall behind. I took first place again. Wong Yakin watched her daughter's face. When Wuan was naturally a girl of few words, very few. Even with her own mother, she'd rarely offer more than a handful of sentences. She almost never shared her moods or her thoughts. There was an unspoken barrier between them, and Wong Yakin knew it well. She couldn't peer into her daughter's mind, and she had no idea how to change things. The distance between them grew, and their conversations grew colder. The chasm between mother and daughter had long since ceased to be just a matter of a parent and a rebellious teenager. It was the long-term illness, the suffocating control, the academic pressure, the bullying from classmates, and most importantly, the poverty. Wong Yakan felt as though her daughter had built a wall around her heart. A wall intended to keep even her own mother out. Wong Yakan desperately wanted to bridge that gap, but she was powerless, at least until that night when Goam, who acted like some sort of little hoodlm, had appeared. Things had finally started to shift. Her daughter's mood seemed to have brightened. She would speak more often, especially when mentioning Goam. The daughter, who would normally never utter an extra syllable, would now offer detailed explanations for her actions. Very detailed. It was as if she were terrified that her mother might misunderstand or overthink things. Wong Yakan wondered if these explanations were for her or for Wuan herself. A smile reserved for a mother touched Wong Yakins lips. So, it's tutoring fees from Jong. You should take good care of his studies then. After all, he did pay for them. Don't worry, Mom. I will. And one day, I'll earn a lot of money and you'll get better. Wong Yakan smiled, gently stroking Wan's forehead without a word. Wuan fidgeted for a moment before whispering, "I'm going to the city to tutor him tomorrow. Well be at the library. You should get plenty of rest, Mom. All right, I will." Previously, if Wuan had to tutor on the weekends, she never felt the need to mention it. Gi would just show up, and she never protested. So, tomorrow, was this a date? The smile in Wong Yakins eyes deepened. The conversation between mother and daughter had softened their once stiff relationship. That night, everyone had a pleasant dream, looking forward to a brighter future. The next day, clatter clatter clatter. The iron gate rattled when Juan, already dressed, opened the door. Jiong stood there in a casual trench coat, staring at him when felt a hot flush crawl up her fair skin, and she was instantly at a loss for what to do. Clothes really did make the man. Today, Gone was bordering on distractingly handsome. It wasn't just his features. It was his overall air, his sense of style, that relaxed confidence that left Wuan speechless. He had bought the coat not long ago. His constant training had given him the build of a clothes hanger and combined with his mature fashion sense, a little bit of grooming made him look like the absolute peak of the high school scene. Usually, to avoid making Win feel self-conscious, Gone kept a casual sportsware or even just his school uniform. Since they were at school, it didn't matter. Today he had dressed up specifically because he took their lunch date seriously, but now it felt like he had backfired. When Juan glanced down at her own school uniform to treat Goam, she had specifically kept her blue uniform clean. Other than that, her wardrobe consisted only of the work uniforms her mother brought home and some of her mother's old, worn out clothes. So, did it even make a difference what she wore? She kept her head down, her breathing ragged. She didn't know what to say to him, and it felt as if whatever she could say would be meaningless. At that moment, her insecurity threatened to boil over. She closed her eyes and instinctively reached to pull the door shut. But Gone was faster. With a thud, the iron door slammed against his palm. The force of a door slamming on a hand is no joke. And Gone winced. Thank god it hit his palm and not his fingers. When Juan was startled, "I'm sorry." Gone cut her off immediately. "What? We agreed you treat me to a meal and now you're getting cold feet. You charge me so much for tutoring and now you're being stingy with a meal." I wasn't. When kept her head down, her gaze fixed on his bruised palm. Suddenly, her body tilted. Jiong had grabbed her arm and pulled her out into the hallway. If you weren't, then let's go. You're not getting out of this meal today. Chapter 21. Let me take a look. Jiangs tone left no room for negotiation, and he spoke quite loudly. There was no guarantee that Wong Yakin couldn't hear him from inside the room. However, no sound came from within. Everything seemed to be tacitly approved. The silent permission for Gi Foam to take Wan out. The silent approval of this meal. Let go. Wan lowered her voice. She didn't want her mother to see her tangled up with Gi Foam like this. Gi wasn't some doineering CEO who refused to take no for an answer. At this moment, he loosened his grip. From when Nuan's demeanor and attire, he had already roughly guessed what the girl was resisting. Everyone possesses a desire for beauty. Even the reclusive Wuan was no exception. But beauty needs the right setting to shine. When Nuan's plain unremarkable school uniform paired with those heavy bangs only served to completely bury her natural radiance, a pearl covered in dust, dim and lusterless. I've let go. Can we go now? I don't want to go anymore. I'll give you the money. You go eat by yourself. Goam giving him money. Was he the type to be short on cash? Was this something a normal person would say? Goam was somewhat shocked. However, he also realized just how intense Win's sense of inferiority was. Inferiority and self-esteem are tricky things. They often go hand in hand. It was precisely because when Nuan had such high self-esteem that she felt so inferior, Jong scratched his head, pondering for a moment. Do you care that much about your appearance? When Nuan turned her head away, remaining silent. She thought Jongo was talking nonsense. Is there anyone in this world who doesn't care about their appearance? Those who claim they don't are all liars. Jong certainly understood this. In such moments, feeding a girl chicken soup for the soul was useless. His approach was to do the exact opposite. If you care about your appearance, then you should follow me even more. When Nuan looked up, her eyes filled with confusion. I can help you change to become the version of yourself you imagine. You say that like you know what I'm thinking. As soon as she said it, when regretted it, speaking like that was truly impolite given Ji Fangs temper, he would surely be angry. In truth, she really wanted to go, but she felt that she and Jong seemed to belong to different worlds. If you don't believe me, then just come with me and see. Jiangs voice remained gentle, showing no signs of anger. When Nuan was still resistant, but her heart had been stirred. Fortunately, she wasn't a person who hesitated for long. After a brief moment of thought, she reached her conclusion. Going out wasn't just about wanting to see what this change spoke of was all about. Deep down, when Muan wanted to go out with Gongo, she always had, "Mom, I'm heading out." When Muan said toward the room, "All right, stay safe on the way." Listening to the voice from inside, Jong thought, "Damn it." with how loud he'd been earlier when Juan's mother must have heard everything. Let's go. Okay. The two walked out of the narrow alleyways of the urban village. Only this time, when Juan kept a significant distance from Goam, as if trying to pretend they didn't know each other, Gone didn't call her out on it. Changing one's personality isn't that easy. Telling someone something isn't as effective as letting experience teach them. Only when Wuan truly felt the change in herself would these psychological insecurities be gradually mended. Hold on tight. The boy and the girl hopped onto the scooter and vanished into the city streets. By the time they reached the downtown commercial district, it was only 9:00 a.m. In the past, at this hour, Gone would have taken Wuan to the library to start grinding through practice problems. But today was different. He had never intended to go to the library. Why are we here? Wuan looked at the shopping mall in front of them, her expression resistant. I just finished breakfast and it's 9:05. It's too early for lunch, so let's walk around and kill some time. Once we've walked ourselves hungry, I can properly treat you to a big meal at noon. Ji Fings excuse was a bit clumsy. Yet, when Nuan couldn't find an angle to refute it, I am Amidst her hesitation. Gi Phone continued, "You're going to university in the future. You can't spend your whole life hiding in high school. For the sake of your future university life, I'm begrudgingly taking you out to broaden your horizons." University life when one hadn't thought that far ahead. Her previous vision stopped entirely at high school. She only wanted to prove to her mother what she was capable of. As for the future, whatever. Now, hearing Jiong talk about the future, about life at university, that sun-drenched face suddenly gave her a sliver of expectation. Mm. Jiong had expected that if he said this, when would let out a cold snort and turn her head away in a display of cold-hearted pride. He was quite surprised when she actually agreed. "Come on." Leading the reclusive girl into the mall, Jong immediately took her into the women's clothing section. His attitude allowed for no protest. This wasn't the high-end apparel floor upstairs. The clothes here were relatively affordable. However, it was still a shopping mall, and items here cost around 100 to 200 yuan. For when high-end brands were too expensive, she definitely wouldn't be able to stomach anything over 500, and she would flat out refu. Even if Gone were the one paying, she couldn't accept it. This was a mindset that couldn't change overnight. To change that, when's financial situation needed a fundamental improvement, a price of 100 to 200 was just right for her current situation. When it comes to dressing well, the most important things are taste and an eye for style, price, and brand didn't need to be considered yet. Of course, that was just Jangs take. When Wuan saw the price tags, her heart had already started to retreat. Jong R, are we buying clothes here? When Juan was smart, Jiong said he wanted her to change and she agreed it made sense. Where to start the change? Naturally, with her appearance, of course. These clothes aren't expensive. They have plenty of styles and they're easy to pair. Not expensive. When Juan felt conflicted to treat Gone to a meal, she had brought 2,000 yuan with her today. She didn't know how much a meal cost. She'd never treated anyone before, but she was afraid of not having enough. So, she brought 2,000. But if she spent money on these clothes when Juan kept her head down, not daring to think any further. She didn't want to show her pathetic side in front of Gongo. Even if she knew he would never look down on her, she still didn't want to. While when Juan was busy with her internal calculations, Go had already started picking out clothes. He scanned them quickly, letting his eyes dart over most of them before rapidly selecting a few that looked decent. Then he narrowed those down to the best looking outfits. Hey clerk, this one, this one, that one, and this one. Get them so she can try them on. When's eyes went wide? Do I really have to try them? Me? What? If you don't try them, do you want me to dress up as a crossdresser? But no butts. Go. Trying them on is free. Besides, personal growth always requires change. I don't want to spout some [ __ ] about how school uniforms are beautiful, too. Clothes make the man. A change of style might just make you prettier and more confident. What do you think? Go on. Go on. Once you're changed, let me take a look. Chapter 22. Moon in the water figure in the mirror. Jong handed the yellow and blue cinched waist dress he' picked first to Win, and amidst her hesitant glances, nudged her firmly into the fitting room. Then began the quintessential man's weight. Playing with a phone while waiting for a woman to change is a marathon task. It wasn't until when tentatively stepped out of the fitting room that the weight felt worth it. Without the drab concealment of her school uniform, when Juan's porcelain skin was fully exposed to Ji Fangs view, her long hair cascaded over her shoulders and her expressive do-ike eyes were tinted with a fresh shyness. Not knowing where to put her hands, she clutched her school uniform to her chest and bowed her head. Despite her slender, willowy frame, she possessed a startlingly voluuptuous bust that seemed entirely at odds with her delicate build. Jon couldn't help but sigh inwardly. The moon is the reflection in the water. The person is the reflection in the mirror. The yellow and blue color scheme made Winon look vibrant and youthful like a splash of fresh sunshine. Even the season shop assistant couldn't help but cast an admiring look. Handsome, your girlfriend is truly beautiful. Not not gone. And when Juan spoke in unison, seeing when Juan turned her head away in embarrassment, Jiong added, "We're classmates, not a couple." "Oh, I see. My apologies. Shall we try the other two sets?" The shop assistant flashed a knowing maternal grin, dropping the topic of their relationship to focus on the clothes. After all, she had commissions to earn, "Right, when one, go ahead and try the rest." "Um, okay." Having broken the ice, the resistance in Wuan's heart had largely melted away. Beyond her own quiet curiosity, the styles Giong had chosen were doing the heavy lifting. When Juan didn't really have a sense for fashion, but she felt the yellow and blue dress she'd just worn was genuinely stunning. Full of anticipation, she tried on the second set, a white casual shirt, loose purple sweatpants, a matching purple windbreaker, and a white headband. This set was the definition of everyday versatile comfort. Then came the third set, an older sister vibe, a black shirt paired with a belted skirt. The overall look was cool, sophisticated, and striking. These three outfits were all chosen by G Fong at a glance. One vibrant daily dress, one casual athletic set, and one cold, chic outfit. Three distinct styles showing off every angle of Wuan's willowy figure and enviable curves. She was satisfied with every single one of them until Giong handed her the fourth set, a navalbearing crop top that left her shoulders exposed, paired with a skirt that barely reached her knees. when Juan looked at it and felt something was off. She stared at the clothes for a moment before confirming with Goam. Isn't this a bit too revealing? Do I really have to try it? What are you saying? Isn't the whole point of shopping to try things on? How will you know if it looks good if you don't wear it? Are you implying the other three sets I picked weren't good? Gone was stern and righteous. His expression so serious that when Nuan couldn't spot the trap since the first three sets had been so perfect, her defenses and vigilance had completely crumbled. Fine, I'll try it. Good. Go on. Jiong waved his hand with fainted impatience, though the corners of his mouth were twitching as he struggled to suppress a grin. When Juan took much longer to change this time, after a long while, she finally emerged from the fitting room slowly and cautiously covering her chest with her arms. Goam, I really feel like this is too revealing. It's not for me. When one hung her head, speaking with shy resistance, but Goam offered no response. When she looked up, she found Goam staring straight at her. His gaze was entirely different from how he looked at her on an ordinary day. Go. Oh, it's fine. It's fine. If you don't like it, take it off. As students, we really shouldn't dress so provocatively. When Juan felt a bit strange, judging by his reaction, she was certain he liked this set more than any of the others. Why then was he acting like it was inappropriate? Was it really just because it was too revealing? When Juan looked down at her chest and the skirt that barely grazed her knees, "You're right. It is too much. I'll go change back." when Juan pursed her lips and returned to the fitting room, slipping back into the yellow and blue dress. While she changed, Jiong had already let the assistant ring up the sale. These three sets, put it on the card, wrap up two of them, and have her keep the one she's wearing on. Certainly, sir. By the time walked out, Gone was already standing by the door with the shopping bags. Gone, how much How much was all this? A little over 1,100 total. when Nuan silently reached into her pocket, her small hand clutching her money already slick with sweat. Three full sets for 1,100. That meant about 300 something per set. It was a standard mall price, but for Wuan, it was a heavy weight to bear. She looked down, not knowing how to express her anxiety to him. Jong didn't give her much time to dwell on it. He didn't know how to adjust her mindset anyway. Some things only worked when said once or twice. Nagging just took the meaning out of it. To Jamo, it was better to let Wuan see the change in herself first. Let her feel that this transformation was worth it. That was enough. Come here, stand still. Jam pulled Wuan in front of the full-length mirror and pointed at the girl inside. Look good. Wuan was uncertain. It's It's all right, I guess. Jong exaggerated his disbelief. Such a pretty girl, and you call her just all right. Is there no justice in the world? No law. When Juan turned her head away, knowing he was teasing her with compliments, but she still murmured, you're being ridiculous. The shop assistant, having finished the transaction, walked over and chimed in, "Don't be so modest, miss. If someone like you doesn't count as beautiful, then those of us with average looks might as well just give up." Being praised by a stranger lifted Wuan's spirits. "Everyone enjoys being complimented on their appearance, especially a girl like Wuan who was sheltered, inexperienced, and rarely told she was beautiful. See the change in yourself?" "Yeah," when Juan nodded. "Then stop worrying about the money for now. Just follow my lead today, okay?" When Juan looked at Jiong, his intense gaze made her shy away, but after a beat, she nodded. Feeling Win's tension dissipate, Jiong smiled. If she hadn't been willing to cooperate, even if he had the heart to help her change, he wouldn't have been able to make it happen. Now that she was on board, he would save a lot of time and effort. Great. Now that we have the clothes, let's go find some shoes that match. Shoes. When instinctively pulled her feet back, the white sneakers she was wearing belonged to her mother. They were already frayed at the seams, but she had no others to wear. Let's head upstairs. We'll look at some sneakers and maybe some loafers. When wanted to retreat, but she recalled what Gi Fong had said. To change, she had to cooperate and stop obsessing over the cost. When Nuan, who also deeply wanted to change her life, felt her resolve harden. Okay. Chapter 23. Come on, let me see those feet. Reaching the second floor women's shoe section, Gohone pulled Wuan over to a seating area and pressed down on her shoulders. Wu Juan was a bit bewildered. What are you doing? Just sit down first. Her habitual obedience made Wuan comply. Still, she couldn't help but feel that Jiangs gaze was a little strange right now. She couldn't quite put her finger on it. Perhaps it was just a woman's intuition. What do we have to do now? Seeing Wuan looking so soft and compliant, Jiong fought back the urge to mess with her and instead took on a tone of earnest wisdom. You know when one in many cases guys don't need to see a girl's face or hear her voice to feel a sense of affection or longing. Everyone has their own spark something unique and iconic like fireworks lighting up the sky, snow falling, being hugged by a lover or being surrounded by admirers. When we encounter that spark, we're reminded of that beauty. So you need to learn to show off your own spark. Understand? When Juan looked at Goam, perplexed, "Can you speak human? Come on, let me see those feet." When Nuan's face flushed to the roots of her hair, even though she had been mentally prepared for something, Jiangs lead up was just too abstract. Okay. The bashfulness on her face wasn't a rejection. It was just the hesitation of a girl in the bloom of youth. When didn't stall for long and began to take off her shoes, though her movements were sluggish. Ji Fangs gaze settled on Wuan's white cotton socks. They were the kind of frilly socks a little girl might wear. Common enough on children, but a bit out of place on her. The distance was so close. Even through the socks, Gone caught the faint, delicate scent unique to a young girl. A hint of freshness mingled with a slight subtle tang, all masked by the faint aroma of laundry detergent. That hidden subtle scent caught in Ji Fangs throat, making him inhale deeply a few times. It stirred up a strange longing fantasy within him. Seeing Ji Fangs eyes locked on her feet, when one felt her shyness intensify, "Do I do I have to take off the socks, too?" "Well, yeah. You don't intend to wear sandals over your socks, do you? If you actually did that, all I could say is that you've got a real unique understanding of fashion. Jiang's sarcasm did the trick. When Nuan silently peeled off her socks and set them aside, revealing her fair, slender feet. They were like jade. The girl's feet were pale and delicate, translucent as if carved from white jade. The skin was soft and supple, tracing an elegant, graceful arc. Her nails were trimmed perfectly flat. Even without polish, there wasn't a trace of roughness. Confirmed. They were a work of art. Gone blinked rapidly. Even with the experiences of his two past lives, he found himself feeling a bit stirred. Ahem, try the shoes on first. What size are you? 37 foot. He pointed out a few pairs of sandals, some high heeled, some semiflats. Once he'd chosen, Gone called out to the shop assistant nearby. Miss, could you grab these for me? All in size 37. We'd like to try them on. Certainly, sir. One moment. Seeing the look of stunned admiration in Jiangs eyes, a playful glint appeared on Wuan's face for the first time. Jong was usually so detached, always giving off the impression that he had everything under control. It made Win feel like a child in front of him. This rare moment of him losing his composure made her feel like they were finally peers. When Juan soon changed into a pair of sandals when she stood before Goam and turned in a circle, he gave a heartfelt compliment. That is art. Me? Yes. The simple exchange filled Winan with joy, her mood brightening even further. That pleasant feeling lasted until it was time for Ji Fong to pay. He had picked out heels, sandals, and three pairs of sneakers. The total came to nearly a thousand. Rationally speaking, if you looked at the items separately, they weren't expensive. But together, it exceeded 2,000. And when had only brought 2,000 with her, seeing when frowned, Jono realized immediately that the girl might not have enough cash. He wanted to tell her they were a gift, but he knew her stubborn streak too well. There was no way she would accept them without paying. Unable to find a better excuse, he could only coax her. Don't worry, don't overthink it. Your tutoring fee isn't huge, and you still need to save some for home expenses and looking after your aunt. If you hand it all over to me now, it'll definitely impact your daily life. How about this? When I pay you for the next tutoring session, we'll just deduct it from your wages then. Gone felt he'd been polite enough, but after a moment of thought, when Juan just shook her head. Goam, you don't need to tell me these things. A rare, frank, and radiant expression appeared on her face. Dressed in her new outfit and shoes, when looked like the heroine of a film filtered through time, a true white moonlight. Gone paused, stunned. Was this girl starting to think for herself? All right, where to now? We're going to find a Tony. Gone led Wan to a hair salon called Show. It wasn't the largest in the city, nor was it the most expensive. But Gong remembered that the stylists here were highly skilled. There was a saying on the internet in his past life. A fake gambler loses their money at the poker table, but a true gambler loses their entire appearance at an unknown stylist chair. Jiong wasn't a gambler, and he certainly wasn't about to gamble with Wuan's beauty, so he made sure to find a reliable Tony. "How much for your top stylist?" Jiong asked, cutting straight to the chase as they walked in. "Brother Bing charges 688 for a cut." "Got it. Let's go with him. Back in 2012, stylists weren't quite as outrageous yet, but the top talent in any shop commanded a high price. 688 was a reasonable premium. When Juan, however, was reeling. She usually just trimmed her own hair. The idea of paying that much was inconceivable to her. When Brother Bing, the salon's lead stylist, walked over and saw Wuan, his eyes lit up. This girl has very thick hair, and the quality is excellent. What kind of style were you looking for? Handsome. You can give me the gist. Brother Bing had a keen eye. Seeing Wuan shily trailing behind Jiongo, he immediately knew who was calling the shots. Jiong didn't waste time on pleasantries, he gestured at Wuan's hair. Thin it out. Give her something gentle and elegant. Let's go with a jellyfish cut for the back and keep the bangs from covering her forehead. A jellyfish cut. Brother Bing looked surprised. It clearly hadn't become a trend yet. Jiong explained the layers, the bangs, and the length. As he listened, Brother Bings eyes grew brighter. The kid really knew his stuff. I think I've got it. All right, miss. Let's start with a wash. When Juan glanced at Gone with a touch of anxiety after receiving an encouraging nod from him, she finally nodded back. Okay. Chapter 24. When Juan's warmth styling takes a lot longer for girls than it does for boys. Washing, cutting, and perming. Even without the hair dye, the whole process takes over two hours. However, Goam is very patient. Watching the increasingly beautiful silhouette in the mirror, Jiong makes an excuse to go out and buy a pack of cigarettes, lighting one up for himself as he steps out. Since his rebirth, he rarely smokes anymore. The main reason is that every time he starts to smoke or even gets the urge when will stare at him fixedly. Whether you'd call it a death stare, Gone couldn't say, "But being washed like that is, well, even given his personality, he felt it would be inappropriate to keep smoking." After a few instances, he had basically maintained the habit of not smoking in front of Wuan. But today he truly couldn't help himself. His state of mind at this moment was also quite unique. It was as if he had discovered a raw block of jade and through his own meticulous carving, it had gradually transformed into a precious gem. This was the feeling when no one gave him, which in itself was a wonderful thing. The problem was this gem was simply too dazzling. So dazzling that even with the experience of two lifetimes, he could not suppress the stirrings of his heart. That was why he had come out for a smoke and a breath of air to calm himself down. Yet, after one cigarette had burned to the end, Jiong found that he couldn't quite regain his composure. The silhouette in his mind refused to fade, and his heart remained unsettled, a situation that had taken him by surprise. Jiong had originally believed that he would remain indifferent regardless of what he encountered. His relationship with Wuan had also started out as compensation for past mistakes and guilt. It's not worth it. It really isn't worth it. Don't be so pathetic. Click, click, click. He flicked the lighter repeatedly, but the damn thing seemed to be intentionally working against him. There was clearly fuel left, but it just wouldn't ignite. Right as he was busy chiding himself, a voice he found rather unpleasant drifted in from behind him. Gi, why are you standing here all by yourself and smoking too? Turning around to look at the person who had arrived. Jong felt a strong sense of repulsion toward the owner of the voice. Regardless of whether it was in his past life or the present, he had always loathed him. Guiitting's publicly acknowledged boyfriend, Yin Honggho. He was also the person whom rumors in their school during his past life claimed when Juan had always liked. Yin Hong Hao wasn't in their class. Jiong had only met him through Guushi wedding. One had to admit from a girl's perspective, Yin Hong Hao was almost perfect. He excelled in both character and academics. Played great basketball, was very good at coaxing girls, was handsome, and came from a very wealthy family. Although he was still a notch below Gi Fong in terms of looks, in every other aspect, he held a crushing advantage over him. It was no wonder that so many girls were fond of him. Jiong could afford to not care about Guushi wedding, but he couldn't help but care about Wuan now. He didn't know if it was because of her. In short, he felt annoyed the moment he saw Yin Hongo. Yin Hongs tone was somewhat affected, deliberately emphasizing that Jong was all by himself. In truth, he didn't really like dealing with a hooligan like Gong. With the college entrance exams right around the corner, if Jong acted on impulse and injured him, it would really be a loss that outweighed the gang. However, upon running into Goam, Yin Hunga simply couldn't restrain the sense of smuggness in his heart. He just wanted to show off in front of Goam to show off the person by his side. Gui wedding, he had come out with Guushi wedding shopping together. He was naturally well aware of Gongo, who had once been a s for Guushi wedding. After years of sing, he had ended up with nothing. It was a real shame. He had heard that Jong had recently given up, and it was truly regrettable that he hadn't continued. If only Ji Phone were still sing for Guushi wedding, it would have greatly satisfied his vanity. The goddess the other man had chased after in vain for so long had now become his own girlfriend. He might even be taking her home with him tonight. If only those things could keep stabbing at Jiang's heart. How gratifying that would be. Why did he have to stop sing? What a pity. Guushi Wedding was also stunned when she saw Jong. Jiong hadn't paid her any attention for a while now, and she had actually been feeling terrible about it. In order to win Jiong back, she hadn't been in contact with Yan Hong Hao for several weeks. Yet, Jiong still showed no signs of acknowledging her. When Yin Hongo happened to ask her out, she thought she would just come out to clear her head. She never imagined she would run into Jong in such a situation. Jong looked at Yan Hong Hao, his gaze slow and languid. He silently put down his lighter and offered the two of them a greeting. Oh, it's you too. Hello. Hello. Yan Hong Hao replied with a smile. Jiong I actually Guushi Wedding wanted to explain to Jiong the reason she had gone shopping with Yan Hong Hao but her gaze suddenly froze. Jiong felt the lighter being pulled from his hand and immediately after a fair, delicate little hand reached out in front of him. Click. The lighter flared, lighting the cigarette dangling from Jiangs lips. Afterwards, that slender, graceful hand slipped the lighter back into Jiangs pocket. The entire sequence was completely natural. It was just like a couple who had been together for years. I'm ready. Where are we going next? The voice was warm. The voice was very warm. And the owner of that voice was warm as well. Feeling a soft, gentle hand supporting his arm. The corners of Jiangs mouth curled up slightly. The flame lit up at his lips and Jiong took a deep drag of the cigarette. It felt different somehow since it was When Wan who had lit it for him. Holding the cigarette between his fingers, Jiong exhaled a thin ring of smoke. Just wait a moment. Jiong didn't say why they should wait. He was savoring the astonishment in the eyes of Yan Hong Hao and Guushi Wedding. That look of disbelief and bewilderment gave Ji Fong a sense of satisfaction he had never felt before. You you are Wan. Yin Hungas voice trembled as he spoke. He had certainly seen Wuan, the first place student of their grade many times before. He knew exactly what this girl was like on a daily basis. Her standard school uniform completely obscured her figure, and she always kept her head down, making it hard for anyone to notice the weight of her white rabbit assets. Usually, her thick bangs hid the better part of her face. And combined with her antisocial personality, one could say that over 70% of when's attractiveness was sealed away, making her incomparable to Gucci Wedding. But now she was wearing a waist cinching dress full of youthful vitality, mid- high heeled sandals that exposed her fair, delicate ankles, and a hairstyle that was hard to describe, but looked incredibly beautiful. It could be said that today, thanks to the wardrobe adjustments made by Gi Foam, the attractiveness that had been sealed away in Wuan was completely unleashed. Even the former class bell, Guushi Wedding, was eclipsed by Wuan at this moment. Compared to Yin Hongo's shock and bewilderment, Guushi Wedding's face had turned noticeably pale. In terms of academics, she had already been slowly overtaken by Win Juan during the last monthly exam. The gap between them had been about 10 points, but this time it had widened to over 20. Then there was the matter of family background. Guushi Wedding didn't know much about Wuan's family, only that they were quite poor, but Gong clearly didn't care about such things. Finally, there was appearance. As a girl who stood out for her own beauty, Guushi Wedding's intuition about Wuan was actually sharper than most people's. Even when Wuan had been isolating herself and hiding away, she had already sensed that when Nuan's appearance was anything but ordinary, it was just that when Nuan had truly been too negligent in her appearance. Until today, after being groomed a new, when Nuan seemed to radiate light, it was enough to make her the so-called class beauty, feel almost unable to look her directly in the eye. When Juan, it really is you. When Juan leaned in closer to Goam, her voice carrying only chill. We only just met yesterday. It's not as if you wouldn't recognize me, is it? Chapter 25. A coincidental dinner. When Juan was not as timid as she usually was. Faced with the piercing stairs of Yan Hong Hao and Guushi Wedding, her gaze remained calm and indifferent, her articulation precise. Her serene, detached demeanor lent her an air of icy elegance. Only the grip she kept on Ji Fangs hand, her palm slick with barely suppressed nervous sweat, betrayed her true state of mind. Asteris, that girl is a surprisingly good actress. I thought she wasn't even nervous. Jiong thought to himself, though his face remained a mask of composure like Wuan, he kept his expression calm and peaceful. Yeah, the monthly exams are over. She said she wanted to treat me to dinner, so I figured I'd take her out for a stroll. I see. Wan, you look truly beautiful today. Yan Hongghas eyes lingered on Wuan with an ambiguous intensity. Jiongo pulled Wan back behind him, shielding her from Yan Hongs predatory gaze. A sight for sore eyes discovered only upon meeting when Juan has always been beautiful. When Juan paused, feeling Ji Fangs hand tighten around hers. The introverted girl turned her head slightly, refusing to reveal her emotions. Yet, the corners of her lips curled up just a fraction. Watching the two standing side by side, a sharp pain pierced Guushi Wedding's heart. Unbidden, the phrase, "A perfect match," flooded her mind. An overwhelming suffocating discomfort surged through her entire body and she bit her previously rosy lips until they turned pale. Even before when Wuan and Ji Phone were close, practically inseparable, Guushi wedding hadn't felt threatened. She had always believed she was fundamentally different from Wuan. They had been childhood sweethearts together for so many years. Wuan might have had the potential to become a swan, but until now, she was just an ugly duckling who had never shed her feathers. Until today, only now standing before Winon did she realize that her past advantages had vanished into thin air. Only now did she truly feel the threat. asterisk, "No, that's impossible." Gone loves me so much. I can't back down now. asterisk struggling to suppress her anguish and maintain her composure, Guiu Wedding dug her nails into her palms. The sharp sting helped settle her nerves. They had argued so many times, grown angry with each other so often. Why was this time different? They were only acting out of spite. She pulled her hand away from Yan Hong House, about to say something, but Yin Hunga beat her to it. He gestured toward the Millennium Restaurant across the street. Since we've bumped into each other, why don't we all grab a bite together? You haven't eaten yet at this hour, right? What do you say, Jiong? Yin Hongghas tone was soft, seemingly asking Jiong, but his eyes never once left when Muan lowered her gaze. Yin Hongs aggressive posturing and the way he looked at her made her feel sick. As for that Gucci wedding, she was just plain annoying. She had come here today to treat Jiong to a meal. As for the others, they were outsiders, interlopers. She wished they would just disappear. She looked at Jong in silence. Her personality prevented her from cutting in, but her expression told the whole story. Jone caught the disgruntled pout on the introverted girl's face and let out a soft, dry laugh, leaning in to whisper in her ear. If you don't want to eat with them, we can just leave. When had been ready to agree, but then she saw the way Guushi wedding was staring at Gongo. The urge to agree was forcibly stifled. She gripped her new handbag tightly. Thinking of the money and the bank card inside, a wave of inexplicable agitation washed over her. She knew she was lowly. But being lonely never meant being a coward. Even when she was bullied by classmates, even when she had been belittled her entire life, even when she was dragged away by Goam, she had never shown weakness. Except for that night on the rooftop with Goam. She was afraid. But what she feared was that if she agreed, she wouldn't have enough money to cover the meal. She didn't want to embarrass herself in front of Gongo, nor did she want him to be embarrassed. And she certainly didn't want to let Guushi wedding, who already had a boyfriend, act so pushy. As if guessing the introverted girl's thoughts, Gong suddenly shook when Nuan's arm, breaking her train of thought, and smiled at the other two. Millennium, this place looks pretty high-end. It's not going to be cheap, is it? Actually, the prices here aren't that bad, but if you think it's too pricey, we can pick somewhere else. Rui Hao is pretty good, too. Yan Hong Hao shoved his hands into his pockets, striking what he considered his most handsome pose, but his self-display was utterly useless when Wus eyes hadn't lingered on him for even a second. Even Guing felt that Yin Hongo was being a bit excessive. Ji Foam, on the other hand, just gave a dismissive laugh. Though the studios earnings weren't massive yet, this amount was just a drop in the bucket for him. Let's go then. Come to think of it, it's been a while since I had a meal with Gu since we ran into each other. There are indeed some things that should be cleared up. Guushi Weddings eyebrows arched. She thought to herself that Jong still cared about her after all. Since Jiong had said as much, she certainly wouldn't stop them. In fact, she found herself secretly looking forward to the meal. Looking forward to what Jiong would say. Would he try to win her back? Or would he cut ties with Wan? If he lowers his head to me, I'll forgive him and break up with Yin Hong tonight. Thinking this, a faint smile graced her lips. Sure, let's go together. Since Guushi Wedding had no objections, Yin Hunga was even less likely to complain. Now that he knew when Nuan was this beautiful, he couldn't pass up a chance to get close. He was a much better student than Jong. If he could get on friendly terms today, he could easily use discussing studies as an excuse to interact with her in the future. When Juan's background was poor, surely it would be much easier to conquer her than a gold digger like Guushi Wedding. He'd been with Guushi Wedding for so long and had barely even gotten past holding hands. It was getting boring, and he was already growing tired of it. if he had the chance to switch targets. As Yan Hungas thoughts drifted, he suddenly caught Ji Fangs narrowed eyes. Jiong flashed a grin at him, and Yan Hongo felt an instant unnatural chill, as if his own toddry thoughts had been laid bare by the man in front of him. Let's go then. It's about time for dinner, Shiui Wedding. Yan Hongo didn't linger. That brief exchange of glances left him feeling rattled. He hurried to lead Guusing away, but Guiuing pulled her hand away from his. I can walk on my own. Seeing the two depart when Juan immediately let go of Jongo's arm. Her gaze darted away, her lips parting as if to say something but stopping short. Jono wasn't in a rush. He exchanged a look with her intuitively understanding her worry. Are you worried? Yeah. Jong understood that when was afraid of losing face, so he took the initiative to hold her hand. Don't panic. I'm here. Okay. With Gi Fangs reassurance, when Juan nodded again, her mood significantly more settled than before. She glanced at the hand Gone was holding, then gently, almost imperceptibly, pulled it back. Their interaction was strange, but to anyone watching, it looked like the shy, intimate gestures of a young couple. When they arrived at the Millennium Restaurant, Yin Hunga and Guushi Wedding were already seated. Gi over here, Yin Hongo acted with a grand, generous air, a sharp contrast to the timid, mousy students typically found on campus. Gone was fine with being laid-back or acting like a bumpkin in his downtime, but today he didn't mind being a gentleman. He pulled out the chair for when rinsed the dishes, set the cutlery, passed her a napkin, and then unfolded the restaurant's complimentary apron. Here, put this on. It'll keep any soup from splashing onto your clothes. Wan paused, stunned for a moment, then dutifully raised her arms like a marionette, letting Gi Fong handle everything for her. Her earlobes turned a faint shade of red. She turned her gaze to the window, remaining silent. Her icy, aloof demeanor was unchanged, keeping everyone at arms length, but only when Juan herself knew just how fast her heart was pounding. Chapter 26. Let's order first. Jono pulled his hands back from behind. When Juan's waist, he didn't take any liberties while tying the apron. Every movement was gentle, like a true gentleman. Millennium, the restaurant they were at, specialized in seafood hot pot. When Juan had never set foot in such a place, she had no idea what a seafood hot pot was or how one was even supposed to eat it. It was Ji Fangs soft whispers and patient guidance that kept her from making a fool of herself. Unlike the times he usually put on an air of indifference just to accommodate her moods, today Goam was truly gentle. And it wasn't just when felt that gentleness, Gucci Wedding, sitting across from them felt it too. The Goam of the past would have treated her just the same. Though she didn't know where he had learned these gestures, that underlying current of tenderness had never changed. The only thing that had changed was the person receiving it. Yin Hong Hao took in the silence between the two women. He didn't say a word, his eyes darting as he ticked items off the menu. Gi, I've ordered a few things. See if there's anything else you'd like to add. Wan, you should take a look, too. Yan Honggha passed the menu over, deliberately placing it right in front of Wuan. When Wan saw what Yan Hongo had ordered, her eyes widened in shock. Yan Hongo was calculating. He had always known that Wuan's family background was far from wealthy. He assumed today's makeover was orchestrated by Gong and definitely wasn't funded by Wuan herself. Since the moment he suggested dinner, he hadn't clarified who was footing the bill, whether they were going Dutch or if he was hosting. Australian lobster, king crab, bluefin tuna, he had picked the most extravagant seafood on the menu. Each item costing 7 or 800. Just from a quick scan of the seafood and side dishes, the total was already over 3,000 yuan. This was an amount she couldn't afford, no matter how she sliced it. Seeing Wuan's flustered expression, the corners of Yan Hong Has mouth curled upward. Yes, he had done it on purpose. He wanted to see her panic. He knew her family situation perfectly well. She wouldn't be able to pay for this meal. And once they finished, he'd simply suggest they split the bill four ways. If Gong acted like a big shot and paid for her, fine. The food was going into his stomach anyway. If Gong couldn't pay, even better. he'd swoop in, cover the bill, and buy her favor, making things much easier for himself later. Either way, he stood to gain when Juan's fingers turned white as she gripped the menu. This kind of consumption was beyond her comprehension. Then, right on Q, Jong took her hand. Their eyes met, and he gave her a look that told her not to worry. When felt her heart settle almost immediately, though, she still silently pulled her hand away. Jong looked up at Yan Hong Hao, his face stiffening into a mask of grim concern. Damn, brother Yan. Why do you order such expensive stuff? How are we going to settle this? What if we don't have enough cash? You hillbilly. Yin Hunga felt a flicker of contempt at Jiangs panicked outburst, but his expression remained one of shocked innocence. He shrugged, looking apologetic. Look at me. I just started ordering without checking with you guys. It's really not that much. Why don't we just split it four ways? It's all going into our stomachs anyway, so no one loses out. All right, that works. But can I add a few more things? Gone smiled. Of course. I gave you the menu so you could add whatever you wanted. As the menu changed hands, when Nuan kept her gaze lowered, her eyes sharpening into a glare fixed on Yan Hong Hao. She had only worn that expression once before when she helped Jiong shut down the class monitor. Lee Long, she had seen that look of contempt, mockery, and condescension in Yin Hongs eyes a thousand times before. She couldn't be mistaken. When Juan wasn't stupid, she realized the bastard was doing this on purpose. Why did Jong ever think I had any sort of history with such a vile person? asterisk. It's so expensive. Should I just grab Ji Fong and Bolt? asterisk. She was already plotting their escape. She didn't care about the social fallout. She was just worried Jong wouldn't be able to swallow his pride. Just as she tried to snag Ji Fangs finger to signal a retreat, he used his other hand to pat her back as if to soo her or tell her not to rush. He didn't let go of her hand, even giving it a little squeeze. Seeing that Jiong had no intention of running and was actually still browsing the menu, when pulled her hand away decisively. He's touching me again. Since he clearly wasn't leaving, she made a mental note. If it came down to it, she'd cough up the 4,000 left on her card. Whatever choice Ji Fong made, she wouldn't be the one to back down now. When Juan, see what you want to eat? I don't know. Sensing that the shutting girl was annoyed, Gi Fangs eyes crinkled into crescent. How about caviar? It's salty, fishy, and a bit refreshing. Doesn't taste like much, and all the health claims are basically just marketing fluff. But I bet you've never had it. Let's get a few portions just to try and throw in some gooseeneck barnacles. They look like snot mixed with crap, but hey, it's a novelty. Definitely not high in stuff. Anyway, Jiang's language was crude as ever, but he didn't stop ordering as the total on the menu soared when eyes glazed over. She couldn't understand what he was up to, only able to watch as he dismissed those incredibly expensive dishes as crap, or basically crap. Across the table, Yin Hongo furrowed his brows. He didn't know what kind of game Ji Phone was playing. Is he really going to puff up his chest and play the big spender? The total was already over 5,000. Splitting that four ways meant over a,000 per person. Even for him, that was enough to make his wallet ache. He wanted to see how Gi Foam would finish the charade. Beside him, Guushi Wedding wanted to say something, but held back. She felt like the situation was slipping out of her control. Gi foam. Before she could finish, Yin Hongo shot her a glare. It was an icy, gloomy look she had never seen before. The Yin Hunga sitting before her felt like a total stranger. It's too expensive. Gone wants to order it. We have no reason to stop him. Do we? Guuetting, still reeling from the look, felt a surge of agitation and went silent. They were just high school students. Even if their families had money, their allowances couldn't possibly cover this. As Guushi Wedding's gaze drifted, lost in thought. Giong smiled and waved at the waiter. Waiter: Yes, sir. How can I help you? Add four servings of sturgeon caviar, a plate of gooseeneck barnacles, and some desserts. Hm. Let's do the swan durian puffs. That'll be all for the food. Very good, sir. Would you like to order any drinks? Xiong turned to Yin Honggho, grinning. We don't have class, right? Want to have a drink? So, he wants to win back his pride through the alcohol. Yin Hunga thought it was childish, but he wasn't about to back down now. Sure, I've got nothing going on. Let's drink. But his smile faltered when he heard what Gone ordered. Waiter, open a bottle of Petruse. I saw it at the bar when we walked in. Please open it and let it breathe. The waiter paused, stunned for a second, then nodded. Certainly, sir. After dismissing the waiter, Jiangs expression remained utterly calm and poised, as if he walked into places like this every single day. Chapter 27. A priceless meal. Jiangs performance left both Win and Guitting stunned. They couldn't help but wonder, was he a regular at a place like this? Compared to them, Yin Hunga's face was a study in misery. Not only had Goam tacked on over 2,000 yuan worth of side dishes, but he'd also ordered a bottle of Petruse that cost over 20,000. The bill sat at 27,000. What the hell was he trying to do? This wasn't just a flesh wound for his wallet. If they were truly splitting the bill, his share would be over 13,000. That was more than 2 months of his pocket money. Gi foam, about that wine you ordered, isn't it? Do you like the wine I picked for you? Honestly, it's mediocre. If it were up to me, I'd take a bottle of Nolan over this any day. Yin Honggho's expression became incredibly complex. If you think it tastes like trash, why the hell did you order it? He was frantically trying to figure out how to send the bottle back. A 20,000 yuan bottle of wine was way out of their league. Yin Hongo couldn't afford to lose face like this, but Jiang's stunt felt like he was dragging them all to the grave together. When faced with Yin Hongs interrogation, Jiong let his mouth corners sag in a look of mild wounded innocence. Didn't I ask if you wanted some earlier? You agreed. Good. Very good. The guy was actually acting like the victim. Yan Hong Hao took a deep breath, trying to suppress the rage roing in his gut. Wanting a drink doesn't mean ordering a petruse. That bottle costs over 20,000 ft. Jiangs smile returned bright and airy. Look, we ran into classmates and you suggested we eat together. I thought, "Hey, let's celebrate. And since we're splitting the bill, what does it matter? We're all classmates. No need to make a scene. When we get to it, just drink up. It's all in the wine." Yan Hong Hao felt a cold sweat prickle his scalp. The classic, we're already here. The classic, we're all classmates. The classic, it's all in the wine. He'd expected Jiong to play some dirty tricks. Maybe be a bit slippery. But he hadn't expected Jong to go for a total suicide mission. Seeing Wuan and Guushi Wedding watching him, Yin Hongo realized he'd have to bite the bullet and swallow this bill. Fine, whatever. The Millennium Restaurant served food quickly. The broth hit the table first, followed by the seafood. You could eat it raw or cook it yourself. Vegetables and sides were complimentary and could be requested from the weight staff. The atmosphere at the table was suffocating. Ji foam, however, didn't hold back. He had the waiter crack open the lobsters and the king crab. He took the prime cuts of meat and placed them directly into Wuan's bowl. This is the best part. Eat up. Oh, okay. This is tender. Try it. Mhm. Do you want some wasabi? I'll give it a try. Jiong didn't seem the least bit bothered by the presence of Yan Hong Hao and Guushi wedding. He went about his business enjoying his meal and making sure Wuan was fed. Wuan had never even had hot pot, let alone high-end seafood. She didn't know how to handle most of the items, looking utterly lost. But Jiong knew, so he never let her lift a finger. He peeled the shrimp, cracked the shells, and even ordered her a glass of orange juice. Truth be told, when would have liked to drink, but since Jong forbaited, she didn't push. When had a healthy appetite, and if you ignored the astronomical price tag, the meal was actually quite enjoyable. Jiongo was right. They were already there. The food was ordered, and they might as well eat it. As for the two sourfaced people across from them, neither Jiong nor Wan could be bothered to care. Jong even found the time to pour Yin Hong-o a glass of Petruse. Wasn't that generous enough? Watching Jong and Wan inhale the food, downing 20,000 yuan red wine like it was fruit punch, Yan Hunga felt his heart bleeding. Every bite tasted like sawdust. He didn't have an appetite left, even as the waiter cleared their plates twice. Seeing them eat and drink with such abandon made him feel like a victim of a crime. His reason slowly drowning in a sea of dark bitter resentment. Seeing Jiong peel another shrimp for Wuan. A wild unhinged look crossed Yan Hongas face. He let out a sharp mocking laugh. He turned to Guushi Wedding who had been sitting silently beside him. His tone dripping with malice. You know, Ji Fangs technique for peeling shrimp is remarkably practiced. I wouldn't know how to do that. It's obvious your ex-girlfriend trained you well. I almost feel sorry for you, Clang. When Juan's fork hit the bone dish with a sharp crack, her gaze turned icy. Her sharp, beautiful eyes locked onto Guushi Wedding, but Guushi Wedding just hung her head in embarrassment, refusing to explain. She didn't know why she was acting like this. Truthfully, she didn't want to see Yin Hunga belittle Gi Foam. But hearing him say it, especially in front of Win Juan, made her feel a strange twisted sense of satisfaction. That was why she didn't defend him. G Foam, however, didn't stop peeling the shrimp. He just chuckled, looking like a man without a care in the world. I remember peeling shrimp and picking out food for my mom since I was a kid. She always told me I was a thoughtful son. What about you? Didn't you have a mother? What did you say? You little You little what? Go on, say it. Gong didn't give Yian Hungha an inch. He radiated the kind of energy that said, "Keep running your mouth and I'll put you in the dirt." Yin Hunga felt the air go out of the room. Seeing the situation spiraling, the usually quiet Guushi Wedding finally spoke up. "Enough! Stop fighting, Jong." A heavy silence fell over the table. Jiong ignored Guuetting entirely, turning his attention to Wuan instead. "Are you full? Once I finish what's on the plate, I'll be done. As long as you're full." After confirming she was satisfied, Jono calmly untied his apron, wiped his hands with a wet wipe, and tugged at his collar. Most people wouldn't have understood what that gesture meant. But Guiu Wetting, having spent years running with Goam, knew exactly what was coming. This was the sign that Goam was about to throw hands. Yan Hong Hao felt the shift in the air, especially when he saw Giong casually bend the metal spoon in front of him. It looked like he was bending Yan Hongs fingers instead. What are you doing, Jone? What are you doing? Guushi Witting stood up, panicked. It's just a bit hot in here. Why are you so nervous? Giong said, still wearing that same breezy smile. Giong, please don't fight. I don't want you to be like this. Even now, Guushi Wedding was still using that self-righteous tone. Jong found it genuinely pathetic. Guushi wedding, I actually intended to explain everything clearly to you after dinner. This is as good a time as any. So, let me state this clearly. We have had nothing to do with each other for a long time. Stop playing the victim and stop trying to stay relevant in my life. I don't give a damn about you and I don't give a damn about what you and he do. And you, Yin Honggho, if you don't want a broken jaw, keep your distance from her. Your stare makes me sick. The her in Jiangs sentence clearly wasn't Guushi wedding. Same here when added suddenly, catching both men off guard. Jiong snapped back to reality. Did you hear that? Yan Hong Hao was trembling with rage, but he didn't dare make a sound. He could feel the raw violence in Jiangs eyes. He'd heard enough rumors about the guy's reputation to know better. Jiong picked up the clothes when Juan had bought and pushed his chair back. Are you full? Full? Then let's go. Okay. Watching them walk away, Yin Hong Hao finally found his voice. Gi, what about the bill? Huh? Didn't we say we were splitting it? I paid for our half. Surely a big shot like you can manage 13,000 ft. With that, Gong scanned the QR code to settle his portion and walked out of the restaurant with Wuan. Seeing them vanish, Guushi wedding felt a hollow, aching emptiness. Us. Chapter 28. A feeling unlike any other. In the past, when Jiong spoke of us, it meant only him and her. But now, it had become him and Wuan. So, had Jong and Wuan actually gotten together? What was she supposed to do now? Recalling Jiangs coldness earlier and the ruthless way he had spoken, Guushi wedding felt as though her heart were being shredded. They hadn't used to be like this. Wait, was there no future for them anymore? Slumped over the back of the chair, Guushi wedding was suddenly struck by a wave of terror. It seemed as if Giong truly didn't care about her anymore. And the tenderness he showed when Nuan didn't look like an act. The person who had once been good to her, the one who had always loved and protected her, had been discarded by her own hands. Thinking of this, tears streamed uncontrollably from the corners of her eyes. Guu Wedding, get up and split the rest of the bill. Guushi Wuing stood up and looked at Yin Hunga, her gaze so icy that it made him feel distinctly unsettled. Why should I pay? Her voice was frigid, her tone entirely different from her usual self. Yin Hunga was so taken aback, he didn't even know how to respond. We all ordered the food and you ate, too. You're wrong, Yin Hongo. You were the one who ordered and asked for this meal. I didn't touch a single bite. Hearing this, Yin Hunga glanced at the space in front of Guushi Wedding, and as she said, the plates were indeed untouched. She hadn't ordered because she didn't want to help Yin Hunga take advantage of Gi Foam. And she hadn't eaten because she had no appetite and didn't want to benefit at Ji Fangs expense. In short, she had every reason not to pay. We're a couple. A couple? Fine. Well, let me tell you, we're finished. And another thing, this was the place you picked. Can't afford it? Then why the hell were you playing the big shot? With that, Guushi Wedding grabbed her bag and walked straight out. Yin Hongo started to follow, but the waiter and a security guard immediately blocked his path. Sir, you haven't settled the bill. The gentleman who left just paid half. You still owe 13,639 yuan. Blocked in, Yan Honga's chest heaved, his face darkening until it looked like it might drip ink. He wanted to chase after Guushi wedding, but he had no justifiable excuse to do so. After his expression flickered through a dozen shades of agitation, Yin Hongo said coldly, "What's the rush? I need to make a phone call first. Please go right ahead, sir." The waiter gave a polite, practiced smile. As long as the bill got paid, the customer could stand on his head and juggle knives for all they cared. While Yin Hong Hao was busy making one phone call after another, Jamo and Wuan had already headed downstairs. As Gomeo walked ahead, Wuan suddenly called out, "Go. Yep, I was supposed to treat you today. That meal costs so much money. I'll find a way to pay you back." When Juan was in truth very anxious about money, that was just who she was. Spending 13,000 on a single meal was an astronomical figure to her. since part of this had happened because of her. She couldn't help but feel a sense of guilt. Don't worry about it. Besides, I wanted to eat there myself. Isn't it normal to treat a good friend? I treat my buddies all the time. Besides, if you want to treat me, that's easy. Don't we still have dinner tonight? Win one blinked. That was true. They could still have dinner. So, where are we going now? The library? Not today. Let's wander around for a bit. I'll take you somewhere later. I know you've been curious about that project. I rented a place and I thought I'd show you my brothers. Hearing this, a strange look crossed when Juan's eyes asterisk later. Something she'd always been curious about. Rented a house. Show her his brothers. As her mind ran wild, her face began to flush, and she stood there looking flustered. The crimson blush crawled from her neck up to the tips of her ears. What's wrong? She turned her head away, standing frozen, her voice becoming a whisper. Go, is that is that really appropriate? What's wrong with it? Are you still angry at them? What happened last time was definitely our fault? Someone even raised a hand against you and I want to apologize for that again. When we get there, I'll make sure they apologize to you, too. When one's mouth hung slightly open asterisk, they apologize for what happened last time. Realizing she had jumped to the wrong conclusion, her face turned even redder. Are you hot? No. No, I'm not. They're busy right now, so let's just walk around, burn off some energy, and kill time until evening. We'll head over once they're done with work. Okay. Jiong found a place to store their coats and shoes, then led Wuan off to stroll through the city center. For the whole afternoon, they went to game arcades, places when Nuan had never been, playing crane games and gas upon machines. Jiong even brought her into a children's soft play area to play in the sand, even though it was filled with little kids. When they were finally ready to leave, it was past 5:00 p.m. The spring breeze and the sunset bathed their shoulders. The sun no longer had its midday bite. When Juan glanced sideways at Gone, the haze of the afternoon had long since vanished. All that remained in her heart was happiness. It was a feeling she'd never had since she was a child. It must be happiness, right? She didn't know how to put it into words. Let's go. Time to see the studio. Okay. When Muan kept her head down, saying nothing, and Jono didn't make any overstepping moves, just as her mother had said, Jong was a very respectful young man. Yet, as they walked, their shadows gradually drew closer together. The two reached the entrance of a regular residential compound, an old neighborhood where the buildings were only seven stories high. Most groundf flooror apartments had small courtyards, and the place Goam rented was on the first floor. Here it is. Gone gestured toward a courtyard on the end. Parked at the gate were two small delivery vans. Two couriers were busy sticking labels onto packages. In 2012, thermal electronic labels weren't widespread yet, so the shipping slips were quite large and had to be applied by hand. The two men were surrounded by piles of parcels working frantically. When they saw Goam arrive, they immediately made way and gave him a nod. Boss G, carry on with your work. When looked visibly startled when she heard them call him boss. She followed G. Foam, stepping over the heaps of packages and entered the studio. Dodding, who had been sitting on the sofa smoking, jumped up immediately to offer Gi Foam a cigarette. Brother Foam, you're here. But he caught sight of Wuan trailing behind Goam and his hand froze, the cigarette dangling awkwardly. Uh Dodding Ding stared at Wuan, looking flustered. She looked familiar, so he shot a questioning look at Goam. Go smiled. He wasn't one to play riddles or hide things, so he explained directly. When Juan has been tutoring me, she's always been interested in this kind of stuff. We're good friends, so I brought her by to take a look. asterisk Win, the one they had cornered in the factory warehouse. Doddings expression turned odd. He remembered that Jiong had suddenly changed his whole personality after that night. "Is this woman really that charming?" "She was certainly pretty enough. She'd make a fine big sister for the gang." "Hello, big sister." Dodding exclaimed with a forceful nod. When one froze. Chapter 29. Giang studio. "Huh? No, I'm not." When hurriedly waved her hands, Goam standing to the side stepped in to smooth things over. "Doing don't talk nonsense. Oh, got it." Dodding looked a bit puzzled. Did he see it wrong? It didn't feel like it. After all, this place was their secret base. A place even Guushi wedding had never set foot in. If she wasn't the big sister, would Jon really bring her here? But seeing them both deny it, Dodding Ding had no choice but to backtrack. Then, "Nice to meet you, classmate." Wan, nice to meet you, too. When replied with a nod, deciding not to explain her relationship with Jong any further. After the introductions, they turned their attention to the recent progress of the studio. Fungi, just like you said, once they got their first month's commission, the guys have been working like they're possessed. How's the performance this time? We've got nine people working on traffic. Total performance is 197,000. Our top earner, Pisi, pulled in 34,000 in commission, while our lowest, Dong, just cleared 10,000. It's still pretty uneven, Jung nodded. This was how traffic generation Vitala worked. Even with the same methods, the same time investment and the same equipment, results varied wildly from person to person. People are just different by nature. Some are driven to grind for money while others are just slackers. Make a little then coast. There was no helping it. Fungi Ali Mama sends out the commissions on the 15th. How should we split the money? Just like we agreed, they take the full commission. I don't want to send Ji Fangs tone was incredibly calm, as if those hundreds of thousands meant nothing to him. Although they had discussed commission splits before, he hadn't been explicit, merely hinting to Dodding that he wouldn't take a cut. Yet, Dodding still couldn't wrap his head around why Gone would do this. Jone provided the traffic methods, the scripts, the software, and even curated the products. Without him, the studio wouldn't even exist, let alone be printing money. As Ji Fangs right-hand man, Dodding was somewhat critical of this charity. I don't mean to overstep Fungi, but if it were up to me, you taking a 50% cut wouldn't be out of line at all. Nine people combined broad and nearly 200k. If you took half, that's 100K right there. This is just the first month. As long as this business keeps growing, our studio will be stable and booming. In 2 or 3 years, we could easily be making millions. 100,000 in a month. Millions in a few years. Hearing those figures, when Juan didn't know what to say, when she received 7,000 a month for tutoring, she thought that was already an incredibly generous amount. But the money Ji Fangs traffic generation method could generate far exceeded anything she had ever dared to imagine. Disbelief or perhaps just a failure to comprehend. Judging by Dodding Dings reaction, Gong truly had no intention of keeping the money. When Juan's astonished gaze made Gongo feel a sense of satisfaction. You don't need a huge crowd to show off, just someone whose opinion actually matters. Doddings assessment was largely accurate. Most of the early wave ta operators used this model to pull in hundreds of thousands, sometimes millions in just a few years. But these people had a clear ceiling. Very few ever broke into the tens of millions. The reason was simple. Commission splits. The higher-ups squeeze the lower downs. The master takes from the apprentice. The leader takes from the team. It always goes like that with the take starting at 50% and eventually dropping to 5% until the whole model collapses. By then, those opportunistic tala operators are left fighting over the crumbs. Jiong didn't answer Dodding immediately. There were too many people in the main studio area. Money matters were better handled in private. He waved them over to his office. It was a humble space, just a desk and a computer, but it was the only private room they had. In Jiangs eyes, Dodding was different from the others. He was a partner worth trusting. Even if he didn't understand the complexities of business yet, lacked long-term vision, and was still rough around the edges, trustworthiness was enough. Everything else could be cultivated over time. The gap between people is vast but not insurmountable. Once you walk enough roads and see enough things, you inevitably form your own wisdom. Dodding try to think long term. Uh, I'm listening. As he asked, Jong picked up the crude ledger Dodding Ding had made, which was really just a list of numbers and order counts. Looking at it, Jong pinched the bridge of his nose. This blockhead really wasn't a natural businessman. What do you think keeps our relationship together right now? Dodding panicked. Every time Jongo quizzed him, he'd get nervous, terrified of screwing things up. After the recent explosion in earnings, his admiration for Jong had turned into pure devout worship. If not for Gong, he'd be planning to drive long haul trucks after graduation. So, when Jiong asked his question, Dodding Ding thought hard and gave an answer that left Jong feeling slightly exasperated. Keeping us together? That's got to be the brotherhood. We're following you, Fong Ji. Living the good life. We're all brothers. Dodding Ding was on a roll, but when he saw the look of helpless resignation on Ji Fangs face, his voice trailed off. Is there something wrong with that? Fun. Sai Ding, there's brotherhood. Sure, like between you and me. I trust you, which is why I brought you here and shared all this. But what people call brotherhood really isn't as deep as you think, and it certainly can't sustain everyone's lifestyle. Why can everyone hang out together? First, because it's fun. Second, because someone is leading the way. You don't need me to tell you that once graduation hits. A group like ours will almost certainly fall apart. Most people will stop reaching out. A small fraction might meet up occasionally. We'll drink some beer, eat some skewers, and brag. By then, everyone will have their own lives, their own social classes, and will end up on completely different paths. Hearing this, Dod Ding lowered his head. Actually, it wasn't just them. Most students went their separate ways the moment the college entrance exams were over. Even Dodding Ding himself had already resigned himself to a life of driving trucks. Fungi, keep going. I'm listening. If you want to keep playing together after graduation, it's actually simple. Take away the worries that hold the brothers back. And what is that worry? It's nothing more than money. Chapter 30. The first glimpse of Edge. Brother Foam, I don't care about the money. I'm just terrified you won't let me play with you anymore. Doing was being remarkably earnest. His feelings laid bare. Go patted him on the shoulder. Doubting you don't care about money, but others do. People change. As we get older, everyone starts to value money more and needs it more. You might not realize it yet, but I'm certain some of them already have. If I start taking a cut now, if I start splitting their earnings, the dynamic shifts. It transforms from brothers helping brothers into an economic transaction. Once money is on the table, every individual will act in their own best interest. That kind of relationship isn't even as stable as a standard office job. Do you understand? What do you mean, brother phone? If they've got ulterior motives, I'll teach those bastards a lesson for you. Hey, hey, sit down. Jong sighed, rendered speechless. Oh, watching the 6' plus doding obediently sit back down at a single word from Gongo when Juan couldn't help but find it amusing. Having a brother like that didn't seem so bad. Doubting that stuff I just said. Did you actually follow any of it? Uh, I got a little bit of it. Ding bluffed, forcing the words out. Jung felt helpless. One look at his face told him he hadn't understood a thing. He sighed and turned to Win Juan, who had been listening intently. Did you get it? I understood some of it. Tell me. I'm afraid I won't explain it well. When Juan hesitated, she wasn't entirely sure what Gone was getting it either. Gone waved a hand. Just say it. It's not like I'm going to find you for getting it wrong. Hearing this, when one finally relaxed. Usually, it was Gong asking her for guidance and her testing him. This was the first time the roles had been reversed. She lowered her eyes for a moment to gather her thoughts. You're saying everyone has their own agenda and everyone needs money. A lot of people eventually realize that money is important, especially after they've tasted what it's like to have it. I agree with you on that. She glanced at Gone. He didn't make a sound, just gestured for her to continue. I don't know much about the revenue sharing model you're talking about, but from what I gather, splitting the pot means taking a commission from the studio members, right? That's about it. Brother Fong taught us everything we know, so it's only fair he gets a cut. Doing grunted, that's how you see it. But if that really happens, it might work once or twice. But in the long run, they'll inevitably start thinking. Why not just do it myself? I've already learned the ropes. This doesn't just apply to your line of work. Mechanics, chefs, barbers, it's the same for any apprentice-based trade. My mom, my dad, they've both had to make that kind of choice. Hearing when Juan's answer, Gong chuckled. He looked over at Dodding. Did you hear that? Once when laid it out, even a blockhead like Dodding Ding understood the logic. His own father had learned the delivery routes, mapped out the customers, and then immediately struck out on his own. It was exactly as she said. It was the nature of the trade. Once someone has the ability to make money and realizes they aren't getting the full share, they start plotting. And yet, Brother Phone was still shouldering everything for these ungrateful curves. Sigh. Brother Phone, you're too soft-hearted. You're too attached to these guys. Gone smiled and didn't respond. Just rubbed his brows. The office fell into a heavy silence. Ding hated this atmosphere. He couldn't grasp what else Gone wanted to talk about. This kind of awkward standoff happened often, leaving both Gi Fong and Dodding Ding feeling helpless. Dodding Ding finally ventured. Brother Fo, should I go tell them about the decision not to take a cut? Go ahead. I had a bit to drink at lunch anyway, so I'll rest for a while. Right, I'm heading out then. Dodding practically bolted out the door lately. He felt like Gone was a completely different person. The pressure emanating from him was even heavier than what he got from his own father. Being stuck in the office with Gone felt like being caught by the principal while smoking in the bathroom. The pressure was identical, if not worse. Bang! As the door closed, Gone let out a soft sigh. It was tough trying to drag your brothers up with you, only to have them fail to see the big picture. Then again, Dodding Ding was only 18, even if he did look a bit rough around the edges. Watching Jongo furrow his brow in contemplation when remained silent for a while. Then, as if she had suddenly made up her mind, she raised her hand. "Go." She looked like a student in class requesting permission to speak. Jiong couldn't help but laugh. Just say what you want to say. No need for all that. Jiong hadn't realized that the pressure he exerted on Dodo Ding was being felt by Win just as strongly. She lowered her head, her voice barely a whisper. I felt like you were being a teacher just now, so I raised my hand. Go ahead. Don't overthink it. When took a few steps closer. I think you don't actually care about keeping the brotherhood together. Oh, and what do you think I care about? I mean, you aren't just clinging to sentiment. You simply don't want the studio to fold. You need this studio because it holds a higher latent value. Gi foam, who had been resting with his eyes closed, finally snapped them open. Could she really see through all that from just a few lines of conversation? He shifted his posture and sat up straight. How did you figure that out? Just from what we said? When lowered her head and quietly pulled out the phone Gone had bought for her, she opened up the Taba and Alama apps. I heard what you said in the cafeteria that day, but I didn't catch all of it. I asked you about it later, but you turned me away. Since I got this phone, I've been researching it on my own, but I didn't know the methodology, and I couldn't find anything online. So, that's what she'd been doing this whole time. Gone thought to himself, a pang of regret hitting him. Had he corrupted a brilliant student by giving her the phone to avoid too much unnecessary contact, he had barely used the phone to chat with her. Looking back, that had been a stupid move. Don't you have homework to do when you get home at night? I've finished everything. I don't need to look at it. Fair enough. I shouldn't ask such stupid questions. Go on. Why do you think I need this studio? I can only guess. Then guess when Juan didn't start immediately. She took a disposable cup, poured some water, and drank it all in one go. She took a deep breath, mentally shifting into that mode she used whenever she explained a difficult problem to Gome. First, you have a method for capturing traffic. But capturing traffic requires manpower, energy, and time. One of the studios roles is to provide you with that manpower to compensate for your energy and to buy you time. Then there's the traffic drawing method itself. You have a secret, sure, but I suspect the complexity of the technique isn't actually that high. If you start taking a commission, the people who have mastered it will eventually leave to go solo. So, you don't take a cut because you need these people who already have the traffic and the skill to stay. Finally, she continued, what you really need isn't the people, but the stable flow of traffic. Besides the commissions they earn, you must have other ways to monetize that traffic. Ways I don't know yet. And the people outside, they likely don't know either. I get the feeling you don't care about those tiny commissions at all. Chapter 31. I am too despicable. Hearing this from Wuan. The expression on Ji Fangs face could no longer be described as mere shock. He realized he had completely underestimated her potential. Wuan, I rarely offer genuine praise to anyone. But you are truly formidable. Hearing Ji Fangs compliment, the tips of Wuan's ears flushed a delicate pink. It was only at moments like this that she allowed a girl's natural shyness to surface. However, her gaze dimmed almost as quickly as it had brightened. "I have good grades, but my home life is dire." Jiong understood exactly what she meant. Despite her abysmal circumstances, she had maintained top tier grades and never stopped improving. The growing gap between her and Guius academic performance was the living proof of that. Without the proper resources, Wuan had initially struggled with English and Chinese. English was a hurdle of listening comprehension while Chinese was a gauntlet of reading analysis and essay writing. These subjects often mistaken for mere wrote memorization actually possessed invisible thresholds, reading volume and exposure. An average family could easily bridge that gap. The problem was that when didn't even have access to an average upbringing, it had taken her two and a half years of grueling effort to slowly catch up, largely because the high school library offered free access to books. Economic conditions dictated academic success, and the influence of that disparity was only growing heavier each year. When Juan was brilliant and scored high marks simply because she was a student, a world where potential could only be measured through exam results. But in real life or in society at large, learning ability was far more complex than a test score. She could master anything at lightning speed. Geniuses were defined by that trait. And when Juan was without a doubt a genius, Jon closed his eyes, his fingers tapping rhythmically against the desk. Her performance stunned him, reminding him of those formidable rivals from his past life. And rivals, after all, were always worthy of respect. Wu one. Are you telling me this because you have some plans of your own? As he asked, his tone took on a sharp, cold detachment. The change hit Wan like a physical blow, and the courage she had so carefully built up shattered in an instant. She wondered if she had overstepped, if her performance just now had been inappropriate. His tone was that of a superior scrutinizing a subordinate. It was identical to those who had once looked down on her with nothing but hostility. The deep-seated inferiority within her rose up, threatening to drown her. Of course, she thought asterisk he is Jong and I am beneath him. Jong noticed her head hanging low and went silent. Puzzled, he walked over and leaned in to look at her, only to find the introverted girl crying for no apparent reason. Having witnessed her bouts of depression before, he realized he must have said something wrong, triggering her inherent insecurities. He felt a sudden, frantic helplessness. She had been perfectly fine all day. She hadn't even flinched when facing Yin Hongo or Guushi Wedding. And yet, here she was crying like a lost duckling. A thought crossed his mind. Regardless of who is right or wrong, the moment she cries, it is all my fault. Uh, when Juan, are you all right? When Nuan steied herself, quickly, retreating into her shell. She was used to this. She usually digested her emotions in silence, bearing them alone because she had no other outlet. Taking a deep breath, she looked up into Ji Fangs slightly flustered gaze. I'm sorry. I lost my composure. May I continue? Go ahead. I want to change. Not just on the outside. Her gaze was searing, burning with a resolve that laid her ambitions bare. The moment she spoke, Jiong understood. When Juan had always wanted to change, but she had been shackled by a lack of money, connections, time, and the luxury of failure. She had no channel through which to learn. Schools taught you how to pass exams, but never how to make a living. That was true in his past life, and it was true now. Once she had come into contact with him and glimpsed the world through his eyes, she knew he was the only one capable of changing her trajectory. She wanted growth, not to be a pretty vase. Jiong understood. But faced with her ambition, he hesitated. What was he afraid of? Was he worried that once the apprentice mastered the craft, the master would starve? Was he afraid that if she grew too fast, she would no longer be the fragile, malleable girl he could control and dominate? asterisk. After being reborn, I promised to make amends to Wan. But my current thoughts, they are so damn selfish. Seeing his silence, Wuan's heart sank. Her head drooped even lower. She had already braced herself for rejection. G foam. But how could he refuse her? Of course you can. Huh? The light flickered back into her eyes. She looked at his smiling face, disbelieving. "You really mean it? I do. Since you have the talent, whatever you want to learn, whatever you want to know, I'll teach you." After making the promise, a weight lifted from Jiangs heart. Yet, when he met her eyes again, the unspoken harmony they had shared earlier was gone. He knew that in the moment he had hesitated, his own selfishness had won out. Something invisible had changed. A surge of shame washed over him, using his foresight and manipulative tactics to control a girl. How is this any different from the people who had bullied her in his previous life? If he was going to be selfish, why not be upfront about it? As a man who had lived two lives, did he lack even that much confidence? asterisk, huh? A man who has lived twice, bullying a young girl. So despicable, so pathetic. Gone gave his head a small shake, a silent self-reroach. But to Win, that shake looked like disappointment. Had her request been too much? Was it too greedy? She bowed her head again, unable to look him in the eye. Gone. Thank you. At that moment when Nuan's inner thoughts mirrored his own, filled with nothing but shame. From her perspective, ever since that night at the construction site, Jiong had helped, supported, and encouraged her without asking for anything in return. His attentiveness often made her heart race. But she was dust, and he was in the clouds, utterly out of reach. Some things couldn't be changed by test scores. She had known that since she was a child. Even the time she tutored him, she knew it was just his way of giving her an excuse to earn money. Yet today she had used her own desires to impose upon him when one you are too despicable. Both of them were busy despising themselves and they both fell into a heavy suffocating silence. Chapter 32. The orchestrator of promotion. It wasn't until Gi Foam, whose composure was more mature, had digested his emotions and the rooms tension had eased that he spoke in a low, steady voice. Let's get started once we've rested a bit. Mm. Gathering his focus, Gone pulled Wuan over to the computer and began to discuss the mechanics of traffic monetization. The sun was setting, the golden light mirroring that previous moment in time. Only now the roles of teacher and student had been swapped. Goam gestured toward the background interface on his screen. You mentioned earlier that you'd done some research in a traffic promotion, so we'll skip the basics. Let's start with what you called the real way to make money as a tala. Mm. Perhaps it was because she had exhausted her courage by blurting out her thoughts earlier. But when Juan was timid and soft-spoken now, "Do you know why I need traffic that is long-term, massive, and stable?" Seeing when one shake her head, Gone continued, "Merchants provide the goods, promoters take a commission, and fans buy cheap products. On the surface, it sounds like a flawless, seamless system, doesn't it?" Ji Fangs voice was gentle and unhurried, carrying that unmistakable air of authority. When he noticed Win's eyes darting away, he asked suddenly, "When Juan, are you listening? Huh? Yes, I am. It sounds like that, but it feels like something is missing. When Muan's voice grew thinner, the usually aloof girl was acting like a docel, obedient kitten, sitting quietly by his side to listen to his explanation. Hearing her response, Jong nodded. You're right. There's a missing link, the most important one. What is it? How exactly should a talca working with traffic interface with the merchants? When one knitted her delicate brows together, she had an inkling, but without it being spelled out, it was hard for even someone as sharp as her to fully grasp the logic. Seeing her confusion, Gong didn't play Koi. A Kindred Spirit account might have anywhere from a few thousand to tens of thousands of fans, and the number of actual customers who convert to the Q and Wechathat groups is even smaller. Alone, Talcco lacks the scale and the leverage. They simply can't support a single product, let alone a vast category. Without sufficient promotional power, you can't generate a sales effect. And conversely, because a lone talc lacks the scale, they have no influence over a shop's product selection. When the two sides are unequal in power, trust can't be established. That is when you need a bridge, a point of centralization for traffic, you could call it an orchestrator of promotion. As soon as G Fong said the title, when one understood exactly what he meant, an orchestrator of promotion. Was it like those wholesalers who collect fruit from the countryside and bring it to the city to sell? A channel dealer. Sharp. The two do share many similarities, but the actual power of a promotion orchestrator far outweighs that of a simple wholesale middleman. When Muan didn't quite get it, the positioning seemed identical to her. Under Ji Fangs steady gaze, she felt a bit flustered, but she forced herself to focus on the problem. Why? The reason is simple. Once you possess enough traffic, especially high precision traffic, the definition of the entire game changes. The power to dictate the discourse of a product category falls into your hands. You can influence the merchant selection, their pricing, and their commission rates. Because Taba's traffic is so highly concentrated, you can even threaten the merchants. Are you going to do it? No, fine. If you don't, someone else will. Once the shops further down the list start selling, the shops at the top start to lose their footing. Often, merchants are forced into a corner where they have no choice but to comply. That is the charm of traffic, and it's what every internet titan is chasing. When Muan listened, utterly transfixed, she opened the Taba app on her phone, picked a random women's clothing category, and selected two similar styles. Seeing the gap of only a few dozen sales between the first and second place items, she understood Jang's meaning in an instant. The first place always gets preference over the second, that's an inevitability. But whoever holds the traffic has the power to turn the second place into the first. It feels a bit terrifying. Goam smiled and said nothing. In his previous life, he had seen countless instances of traffic holding everything hostage. It had become the norm. Take mate Juan for example. Merchants forced into promotions, forced to lower prices, forced to offer discounts, all while being squeezed for fees. In the end, many merchants made zero profit from online sales. Yet, they were forced to keep doing it. That was the coercion of traffic. Mwan's traffic was too massive to compare to his current operations. Of course, the group Gong had now, a few dozen kindred spirit and chicken soup for the soul accounts, only had a few hundred,000 total followers. They could only influence two categories: women's goods and infant products. Yet even that was enough to make him a fortune. When Nuan digested this in silence, Jiong didn't rush her. He simply opened his background interface and motioned for her to take a look. When she saw the numbers on the screen, her pupils constricted. 237,452. It was commission. It had to be commission. When one knew it, but she still felt the need to verify. Why? Why is it so much? She picked up the crumpled notebook where Dodding had scribbled their ledger. The total commission for the nine of them was only a little over 190,000. Why is your commission higher than their combined total? The two wise weren't enough to express her astonishment. She simply couldn't comprehend it. Don't get it, mm when one nodded. She had studied hard for years, but she was still clueless about how to actually make money. Her mother was also incredibly hardworking, but hard work didn't lead to wealth. It only brought illness and fatigue. Now, looking at the numbers on Ji Fang screen, she realized that making money wasn't just a matter of effort. It was a matter of information asymmetry. Gone waved a hand, signaling her to calm down. Only when she seemed less shocked did he begin to explain. Taka commissions are split into A and B. A is for those who interface with the orchestrators. The total amount is a fixed fee plus a portion that's usually smaller than the promoter's share. B is what the promoters take. For my buddies out there, that's about 20% to 40% of the sales volume. That's why my total commission is higher than their combined intake. If the percentage is lower, why is the total amount higher? Some items on Taba don't have good commission percentages. Things like three packs of tissues for 5 yuan, a 2 yuan towel, or a 1 yuan keychain. For low ticket items, even a 40% commission is only 50 cents or a yuan. So you don't look at the split, you look at the fixed value. When one had been shocked too many times today, she had a hunch that the next question would shock her again, but she had to ask. Then for those lowpriced items, how much do you charge? It's pretty much the same across the board. 5 yuan per confirmed sale. When Nuan sat frozen in her chair for a long time, a 5 yuan fixed commission for a one yuan item. Would merchants really agree to that? Well, the numbers on Ji Fangs screen were the answer. Ji Fangs identity was never that of a simple tala. He couldn't be bothered with that kind of small-time traffic. He was the orchestrator. So, you never cared how much commission they made. You were never even in the same race. You even hoped they'd earn a bit more, didn't you? I'm not that heartless. I'm a kind person at heart. So, I do hope my brothers do well. Regarding Talca, I'll note here that every step, every position, and every work method I describe in this book is real, and some of these methods are still in use today. The earning figures I've cited are already extremely conservative because I was afraid readers would find them unrealistic. In reality, those who had the guts to do this back then were moving 10 times the volume I've mentioned per month, and they weren't even transmigrators. Traffic equals money. That's the defining reality of this era. And yet, even now, some people still don't understand why traffic equals money. Chapter 33. At arms length, kind-hearted, wants the best for his brothers. When Juan looked at Goam with a strange expression in her eyes, he had already morphed into an evil capitalist. Since when do capitalists have a heart, noticing her skeptical gaze, Gone offered a slight smile. You don't have to look at me like that. Everything I said is the truth. We've been hanging out for years. The bonds between us are genuine. Yes, I need their hard work. I need them to push themselves and I need my brothers to drive traffic for me like their lives depend on it. But I also want them to do well. I want them to work for a few years, buy a house, get a car, that sort of thing. I'm not afraid of my brothers driving Range Rovers. I'm terrified of them living in misery. Get it? When one nodded, though it was unclear if she actually believed him. Why don't you hire outsiders? It's not that I don't hire, but you have to be cautious. This technology of ours, it doesn't have a moat. A moat? Exactly. Things without a moat eventually turn into a mess. It's inevitable. If I outsource this, sure, I could find people. But the moment there's a lack of shared purpose, the tech would leak out. Once it leaks, the traffic pool gets polluted. And once that pool is poisoned, the decline becomes irreversible. Granted, this will happen sooner or later regardless. But I like to delay that pollution as long as possible so I can squeeze out a bit more profit. The guys still treat me like their big brother, and I haven't treated them poorly. Isn't that a good setup? I see. After discussing the future of their promoters, Jong began teaching Wuan some fundamental concepts. In school, Wuan was actually quite aimless, always caught up in her own thoughts. It wasn't that she didn't study hard. It was just as she'd said. She already knew it all. In the end, it was just repetitive drills, new problems, or scouring for obscure practice exams. She loved the feeling of learning. The growth of knowledge and skill gave her a sense of inner strength. It made her feel fulfilled, much like the guidance GO was giving her. Now, since you're keen on learning this, let's move our tutoring sessions here starting tomorrow. During the day, we have to be at school during the day. How about this? Ditch the evening self-study sessions. I'll bring you here. That should be enough time for you. Okay. With that simple chat, Jiong set the course for Wuan's future. But he suddenly realized a problem. Wuan was highly capable. Yet, she didn't seem to have much of a backbone of her own. He couldn't be sure yet. He would have to observe her further. The time had hit 7:00 p.m., the studios designated closing time. Dodo Ding, who had been holding it in for ages, finally announced Ji Fing's decision regarding the commissions to the rest of the team as they were packing up. Listen up, brothers. Big Brother Foam already said it this afternoon. All traffic commissions belong to you guys. He's not taking a single scent. From now on, keep your heads in the game. You're earning this money for yourselves. Let's make this huge and reach new heights. Yeah, well said, Brother Ding. Big Brother Foam is a legend. Listening to the clamor outside when gradually understood Ji Fangs intent. Having a stable traffic pool was just the foundation. What he did next? Big brother Fong going to grab a bite? Oh, my bad. Doing work finished. Shoved the door open then quickly slammed it shut. Just as Jong and Wuan stared at each other in surprise, the door opened again. Hey, why haven't you guys done anything yet? When's face flushed red and she turned her head away. Gi meanwhile felt a surge of irritation. The hell? What exactly do you think I should be doing? Dodding looked at Wuan and shrugged. The expression spoke for itself. Get lost. Go eat. You got it. With Jangs word, a mob of people from the studio headed out, shouting and laughing. They ended up at a random barbecue stall for an impromptu celebration. Watching these vibrant, energetic brothers with excitement in their eyes. Giong felt happy for them, too. Yet, he understood. Young guys this age couldn't sit still, especially once they started making money. The number of those who could keep their cool was rare. A good portion of them would likely let it go to their heads. Perhaps some could be pulled back, but many would undoubtedly lose their way. It was inevitable. Many had tried to offer advice to the younger generation, and self-reflective youths had often asked the experienced for guidance. But some lessons are learned in total silence. Those who haven't been through it rarely listen to those who have. Besides, Gongo felt that people didn't really need others advice in life. Until you experience it yourself, words are meaningless. The group drank plenty of beer. The atmosphere was fervent. Everyone had a smile on their face, full of longing for the future. If that was the case, why should he be the one to kill the mood? Cheers. Cheers. Jiong raised his glass with his brothers, drinking heartily. Only when Wuan tugged at him did he decline her request to drink. He didn't ask for much from Wuan, but not drinking was one of his rules. The meal ended and everyone went their separate ways. Since they couldn't drive after drinking, Jiong had to call a taxi to take Winon home. They remained silent the entire way. Too much had happened that day. The initial closeness, the transformation into a stylish look, the run-in with Yin Hong Hoa and Guushi wedding, the confrontation, and finally the heart-to-heart at the studio that felt intimate yet distant. Both of them felt a strange tension in the back seat when stole a glance at Gi Foam, who was sitting inches away with his eyes closed in fain sleep. She leaned in slightly, her heart hammering against her ribs. The distance was about the same as when she'd been cornered at the construction site in the suburbs, but the feeling was entirely different. staring at the soft stubble on his chin, her gaze grew hazy. The car break suddenly. Gi foam snapped awake, his chin bumping into Wuan's forehead. Oh, sorry. It's fine. Their eyes met. The gaze between the boy and the girl held something inexplicable, but both exercised restraint and moved apart in silence. It was after 8:00 p.m. when Wan got home. As she opened the door, Wong Yakins voice drifted over. Did you have a good time today? The room was dark. Without the lights on, when could only see the silhouette on the bed. She flipped the switch and nodded silently. Yeah. As the light flooded the room, Wong Yakin caught sight of Wuan's appearance. She didn't speak, and when didn't move, standing there like a child who had done something wrong, waiting for her mother's verdict. Little Muan looks so pretty today. Didn't bring your backpack. So, was it a date? When hesitated, she didn't know if what she had today counted as a date. No, I checked your bag in your drawer. I didn't see any love letters. Back in our day, if we liked each other, we'd always exchange letters. What? Didn't classmate Jon give you a love letter? Wong Yakin spoke naturally, completely oblivious to the stifled frustration radiating from her daughter. Mom, you went through my things again. Chapter 34. I'm only doing this for your own good. When's voice, trembling, staring at her, Wong Yakin lifted her chin slightly. Any pretense of the reconciliation they'd shared earlier had vanished. She spoke in a cold, heavy tone. Xian, I'm only doing this for your own good. For my own good? Is that why you rummaged through my things whenever you please? Is that why you went to school and gave my teacher such a look? Why you blocked the classmate who asked me a question and got yourself reported to the police? Every time I see you talking to Goam, I'm terrified because I never know what you're going to do next. Mom, I've tried my best to do everything you've asked of me. Why do you still treat me like this? I just want some personal space. I'm not your puppet. Her tears flowed uncontrollably, and she grabbed at her own hair, bordering on hysterical. Usually strong and stoic, this was the second time she had cried today. The sheer intensity of her breakdown clearly affected Wong Yakin. She clutched her chest, her face turning paler than before. It's normal to have a crush at your age, but I don't want you to let it interfere with your studies. Xian Wan, don't forget what you promised me. I wouldn't hurt you. I'm just worried you'll end up on the same twisted path your father took. her father. The same tired script, the same attitude, the same history. How many times had this happened? 50, 100? Wong Yaka never changed when Wuan had a razor sharp memory. She could never forget the torment of her childhood. What was it like back then? It seemed like nothing but endless screaming. Mom was always badmouthing dad in front of her. She was too young to know if dad was good or bad. She only knew that mom constantly called him a good for nothing, claiming he was spending all their money on women on the side. That was why their life was so miserable. It went on until she was 5 when her mother went to the factory to report her father for taking kickbacks, getting him fired. Even back at home, he was subjected to her mother's relentless ridicule. When Juan still remembered the last look her father gave her before he died, it was a look she would never forget. Reluctance, guilt, and a deep sense of disgust and relief toward the world. After he was gone, Wong Yaken held the household together on her own. And when Juan faced nearly a decade of oppression, a single slip up meant a beating regardless of who was right or wrong. any sign of defiance or back talk. Another beating. She even remembered how the metal handle of the broom would bend, perfectly tracing the welts on her skin. Eventually, Wong Yakan stopped hitting her. It wasn't because she had changed, but because she had developed heart disease and was too weak to strike anymore. After that, Wong Yakin's form of control simply shifted. Asterisk is for your own good. Promise me, I'm your mother. She had spent over a decade under the weight of violence and psychological manipulation. She had heard these same words too many times. Slowly, when Juan had come to understand that look her father had given her, it was worldw weariness. Knowing her mother all too well was exactly why she had been so tense. When Jiong visited their home, she had interrupted their conversation several times. To Ji Foam, who knew nothing of this, her mother probably seemed like just a gentle ant. When Nuan closed her eyes in despair in this cramped little room, she didn't even have a corner to escape to. Mom, I'm 18 now. Bang. Xiaan Xiaan. When Wuan slammed the door and stormed out, Wong Yakins voice echoed from within, eventually fading into an empty silence. The lost girl wandered the streets, leaving the urban village behind, but she had no idea where to go. Finally, she crouched by the side of the road and stared blankly into space. Once she was away from home, when Juan stopped crying, years of experience had taught her that tears couldn't protect her. She took out her phone and quietly looked at her Q contact list. There was only one ID, Si, Summerwind. She had never reached out to Jong first, their chat history was purely about homework questions. When Juan tapped on Gi Fangs profile, typing out over a 100 characters, she read it over, felt a few sentences were useless, and deleted them. She looked again and realized it was all garbage. She deleted everything. Are you there? Yeah. What's up? When Nuan stared at the glowing screen at a loss for how to answer, "Right, what was up? Should she vent to Goam? Should she recount over a decade of oppression and misery?" H nothing. At the park, Jiangs mouth twitched as he read the message. He glanced at the chessboard where he was about to lose and dropped a one yuan coin onto the board without changing his expression. Old man, something came up. Well finish this another time. Hey, you're about to lose, you brat, why are you running away? The old man in the park looked frustrated with a pinion of over 5,000. Would he care about one yuan? A man is a boy until the day he dies. And the old man was no exception. He just wanted to crush Jong. Too bad Jong had already made a run for it, which the old man thought was terribly rude. He wanted to shout a few more complaints, but the group of middle-aged women dancing in the square had already blocked Giong from view. On the other side, when Nuan stared at the question mark on her screen, feeling torn, her thoughts felt like a broken clockwork spring. No matter how hard she tried to wind it, it just made a grinding click click click sound, mirroring the chaos in her mind. It seemed she didn't know how to chat with people, especially not private chats over a phone. When Juan sighed and glanced back toward the alley of the urban village, feeling her emotions settle a bit, she prepared to sit for a while before heading back. After more than 10 years, she had experienced every kind of emotion imaginable. Even something that had made her furious a moment ago could be self soothed if she just gave it time. She was long used to it. Just as she prepared to stand up, she felt someone standing in front of her. She looked up with guarded eyes and saw the person offering her something round. When Juan knew it was milk tea, she'd often seen J phone by it for Gucci wedding, but she had never tasted it herself. The person stood with their back to the light. But when didn't need to see his face to recognize him. What are you looking at? Drink it while it's hot. You, how come you're here? I was wandering around the park. It's not actually that far. Oh. When lowered her head to hide the slight lift at the corner of her mouth, then took a quiet sip of the milk tea. So sweet. When's eyes brightened slightly. To her, this was incredibly sweet and delicious. Thank you. Seeing her pleasantly surprised expression, the words Gone had on the tip of his tongue died in his throat. Right. Sugar wasn't good for you. It was addictive. It made you gain weight. And they said it aged you. It had a million flaws, but it was so sweet. Life was bitter enough. What harm could a little sweetness do? Glad you like it. Jiong sat down beside her, saying nothing, simply keeping her company in the breeze. The night wind was cool. Jiong had considered taking off his jacket to drape over her, but it felt a bit too cheesy, so he stayed still. Silence fell between them again, and it seemed they had both grown used to it. Jiong didn't ask what had happened, and when Nuan had no intention of telling him. After a long while, when Nuan slowly closed her eyes, took a breath, and opened them again. "Go. Yep. Starting tomorrow, I'm going to work hard." Jong opened his mouth, and a smile slowly replaced all other expressions. With your ability, I feel like you're going to be carrying me soon. Chapter 35. Do you have any idea how much he sacrificed in this relationship? By the time Jiong returned home, it was already past 9:00. To his surprise, both his father, Ji Guanguan, and his mother, Dong Kaiwi, were still up. Jon paused as he changed his shoes at the entryway. Old Gi, when did you get back? Ji Guanguan didn't answer right away. He adjusted his glasses and fixed a scrutinizing gaze on his son. Noticing the tension, Dong Kaiwi realized the father and son were about to have a serious talk. She stood up and headed for the kitchen. I'm going to go cut some fruit. Once she was gone, Ji Guanguan finally spoke. Xiaoang, I heard from your mother that you've been studying quite hard lately. Your grades have seen a significant jump. Jiong knew exactly what kind of reputation he had built for himself in the past. It was no wonder his own father was looking at him with such skepticism. Most fathers were rational creatures, unlike mothers who tended to be more emotional. When a son suddenly does a complete 180, the first reaction is always to doubt. It's true. I've come to realize a few things, let go of some people, and I'm planning to aim for Shanghai University. Shanghai University. Ji Guanguan didn't rush to debunk or lecture him. Whatever the reason, if his son was taking his studies seriously, it was a good thing. But wasn't this goal a bit too lofty? What was your last mock score? 466. At that score, you're still a long way from Shanghai University. And that's a pretty significant gap. I know, but there are still two months left, right, Dad. I have an expert helping me now. My progress is rapid. By the time the college entrance exam rolls around, I wouldn't say I have a guaranteed shot, but at the very least, I'll have earned the right to fight for it. As Ji Fong spoke, a look of genuine, unforced confidence flashed across his face. Gi Guanguan nodded slowly, confirming once more, "You aren't joking? How could I joke about this? I'm serious about giving it a real push." Old G pursed his lips and shook his head. I wasn't talking about your studies. You've cracked 400, so you've clearly put in the work. Studying is a positive feedback loop. You put in the effort, you get the results. I was talking about you. You used to be obsessed with the goo girl, acting like you couldn't live without her. I thought you were a lost cause. Why the sudden change? At the mention of old goose daughter, Ji Guanguan narrowed his eyes. Jiong felt his face heat up as his father brought up his dark days as a pathetic sickant. Like I said, I thought it through and I've let it go. Really? Let it go. really. Gi looked him dead in the eye. Old G remained suspicious, suddenly asking, "Did you switch your affections to someone else?" "Go, who had just taken a sip of water, sprayed it everywhere?" He glared at his father. "Old G, you usually act like such a stuffy civil servant. Where do you get these outrageous ideas? What's so outrageous about that? Back in the day, I was the campus heartthrob myself. I know that the fastest way to forget one relationship is to dive into the next. It's simple logic. That's not it at all. Don't talk nonsense. Oh, then what about this expert you mentioned? Is it a man or a woman? A woman. See, it's her nine times out of 10. Oh, gee, stop with the wild theories. She's the top student in the school. She's definitely going to Ching Hua or peeking. I'd be lucky to scrape into Shanghai University. We're worlds apart. It's not happening. Ji Guanguan arched an eyebrow, crossed his legs, and leaned back on the sofa, seemingly weighing the truth of his son's words. Fine. Whatever the case, you're hitting the books, which is better than running around with Ding in that lot. With that, Old G pulled a pack of cigarettes from his pocket and tossed it to Gong. Gi caught it instinctively. That's for sure. Wait. As he held the pack, he realized he'd just been caught in a trap. Do you smoke often? Not really, Jong said, feeling a bit guilty. He wasn't exactly lying. Lately, he'd been spending all his time with Wuan and very little with Dodding and the others. And when he was with Wuan, he never had the chance to smoke. Seeing that his father didn't scold him, Jon quickly grabbed a lighter to light one up for him. H. The father and son sat in the living room, shrouded in a synchronized cloud of smoke. Xiaoing, I'm happy you've managed to turn things around. I travel for work a lot, so try not to give your mother a hard time. All right, don't worry, Dad. I've got it under control. As long as you do. You're 18 now, an adult. It's good to have your own ideas, and it's about time you started having them. From now on, you don't have to think three times before every move, but at least use your head before you act. Got it, Dad. Just then, Don Kaiwi came back out with the fruit. Here you go. The two of you can chat while you eat, right? I won't lecture you anymore. I know it's annoying. You focus on your studies. Once the exam is over, you and I will have a proper drink. You got it, Dad. I'll make sure to crack open a few of your good bottles, then. Gi knew his old man had quite the stash of premium liquor. He didn't particularly like drinking, but for a celebration with family, a glass wouldn't hurt. Here, have some fruit. Jiong chatted with his parents for a while longer before washing up and heading to bed. He could feel their happiness. The genuine deep-seated joy of parents seeing their son finally walk the right path. Reborn, his goal was to make life better for his family, to make them proud of him, to make them feel honored. Everything would be better from here on out. Lying in bed, Jangs phone pinged with a Q notification. You there? He couldn't help but chuckle. In his past life, when he was still acting like a pathetic dog, he loved sending that exact line. But the smile faded quickly. The people who ask, "Are you there?" are usually the ones in the most desperate, lowly positions. Just like when one right now, what's up? Are you still going for a run tomorrow morning? Yeah. Want to go together? Okay. The conversation ended there. That was just how Juan was. That single okay left G phone not knowing what else to say. He put his phone down, ready to sleep. Running around all day had been exhausting. Ding, ding, ding. No sooner had he laid his head down than his phone lit up again. He assumed it was when Juan and opened the app only to find the message was from Guushi Wedding. Jong, I broke up with Yin Hongo. Seeing that Guushi Wedding had broken up with Yin Hongo, Jiong panicked. What? Why aren't you guys staying together forever? Why would you break up with Yin Honggho? Staring at the screen, Guiwe rubbed her nose and lips, wondering if Jong had typed that by mistake. Is he asking me why I broke up with Yan Hong Hao? Her lifelong princess complex immediately flared into anger. Her fingers flew across the screen. Gi foam, I'm telling you that I broke up with him. As in, I ended things with him. Gui wedding, I really didn't think you were that kind of woman. Do you have any idea how much Yin Hunga sacrificed for your relationship? Gui wedding. Chapter 36. The recowning of the class beauty. Jiong stared at his phone, his face twisted in genuine indignation. He wasn't being snarky. He was legitimately pissed off. How the hell did that woman end up loose? Yin Hong Hao, that useless piece of work, the title of school heartthrob, is clearly just for show. He was tempted to wish Guushi wedding and Yin Hong Hao would just lock themselves away together for good. Giong, today's events made me see a lot of things clearly. I was too vain in the past. Let's go back to how things were, okay? I used to only pull 200 on my tests. Now I'm hitting over 460. Go back to how things were. Gucci wedding, are you honestly trying to kill me? Goam, can you not be like this? You know that's not what I meant. Seeing the conversation spiral back into that tedious dead end, Gone lost all interest in humoring her. I'm going to take a shower. In reality, he'd already showered, but this line was an absolute godsend for dealing with people he couldn't be bothered with. No wonder Guushi Wedding would go take a shower the second he messaged her in his previous life. This feeling was spoton. On the other end, Guushi Wedding buried her face in her duvet and sobbed, feeling thoroughly wronged. The next morning, Jiong headed to the park for his run as per his usual routine, just like they'd agreed the night before when Juan was already waiting at the park entrance. She was still wearing the same green school uniform. Nothing had changed. Morning. Morning. The two of them took off their headphones to exchange greetings, then immediately put them back on to get back to their English listening practice. The pressure of the final year of high school was immense. Even when Juan didn't dare waste those precious morning hours, let alone gone. They didn't speak much, just ran side by side. The only difference from usual was that Jong slightly adjusted his pace. Wu one was a girl after all, and she couldn't keep up with his speed. After three laps, when Juan stopped of her own accord, "Go, I'm heading off first, right?" Running is a mood booster. And looking at Wuan, it seemed she'd finally shaken off the emotions of the previous night. Even without chatting, Goam felt pretty good himself. After breakfast, he rode his Ghost Fire scooter to school. Morning, Goam. Morning, brother phone. Yeah, morning. Gi responded with a smile to every classmate who greeted him. His transformation over the past few weeks hadn't gone unnoticed by the rest of the class, but it still lacked that one definitive proof. For students, grades are the only real evidence. The results of his mock exams were more than enough to earn him the respect of his peers now. And this wasn't the kind of respect rooted in fear of a school bully. It was the respect afforded to someone who worked hard and staged a spectacular comeback. Just as he started organizing his textbooks and worksheets, Jiong suddenly heard a chorus of gasps. Holy [ __ ] Damn. Holy [ __ ] Who is that? Wan? Is that really Wan? This is insane. She's so pretty. I think she looks better than Gucci Wedding. Got to be honest, she really does. Today, Wuan was wearing that purple high energy tracksuit. The striking outfit made her burst with the vibrant vitality of youth. In truth, it was a perfectly normal outfit for an energetic girl her age. But when Juan had spent nearly 3 years in that dull school uniform, which had burned an image into everyone's minds, seeing her dressed like this caught everyone off guard, it wasn't just the clothes. Jiong had also restyled her hair. The commotion caused by this changing of the class beauty went on for a long time. Pretty girls always attract attention, and a few classmates even took the initiative to go over and strike up a conversation. But when Juan's personality hadn't changed, she responded with icy indifference before finally staring out the window, zoning out entirely. The autistic girl went back to her self-imposed shell, and the others had no choice but to back off. Seeing when Nuan's transformation, Lui, who had long harbored secret intentions toward her, clenched his fists. He had always viewed Wuan as his own private hidden gem. Jiangs appearance had already sent him into a state of panic. And now that Wuan had undergone such a makeover, it felt to Loui as if his secret treasure had been laid bare for the whole world to see. He swallowed hard, feeling flustered, and finally marched over to Jono. Brother Foam, why is Win dressed like that? Can't you talk to her? Ji Foam scratched his head, unsure if he'd misheard him or if Lui had completely lost his mind. I'm the one who picked out this outfit for her. Talk to her about what? That she looks good. Does that even need to be said? Don't be so superficial, kid. Lui's expression turned bizarre under Ji Fangs questioning. But when Nuan looking like this, the way she's acting, it's going to distract from her studies. He'd stalled for a long time, and Jiong had expected some sort of profound insight. Turns out he just choked out some nonsense about distracting from studies. How tedious. Jon could see right through Lui's hidden agenda. Furthermore, he knew the pride hidden deep within when Nan's heart. Regardless of the circumstances, there was no way she would ever have anything to do with a guy like Loui. They weren't even on the same wavelength. Isn't it good like this? She was always meant to be a bright moon and a fresh flower. Why keep her hidden under dark clouds and muk? Loui didn't think Gone understood his point, so he pressed on. Brother foam, you should get what I mean, right? If she stays like this, more people are going to notice her and plenty of guys will be chasing after her. Aren't you worried that? Why would I be worried? Who she likes is her own business. I'm not her father. Why should I be scared? Jong simply patted him on the shoulder. Everyone has the right to live under the sun. It's only when you've been in the dark that you learn to truly long for the light. Lui stared blankly at Jong, not knowing what to say. Jiong knew exactly how much young guys loved a bit of chicken soup for the soul, and two spoonfuls were enough to shut Loui up. In truth, he didn't really want people bothering Wan either, or bothering him for that matter. But these were things one had to face eventually. Even if it wasn't happening now, it would in university. There was no point in trying to stop it. Back in class, Jings life returned to a state of calm. But calm didn't mean mundane. It just meant the rhythm was steady and orderly. The following days felt like a copype of the day before. Every morning, Jiong and Wuan would meet for their run, spend the day grinding through their studies, and as soon as classes ended in the afternoon, they'd skip the self-study sessions, and head straight to Jang Studio. Once at the studio, they'd each focus on their own tasks, work, and study. The basics, amassing followers, drafting sales scripts, managing groups, and promotion were all too simple when Juan picked them up at a glance. Gone wouldn't waste her talent on menial tasks like basic tal affiliate work. From a developmental perspective, when Juan was simply different from the others, once she grasped the fundamentals, she began taking over Gi Fangs original workload, statistics, order distribution, and data consolidation. She even took the bookkeeping tasks off Dodding Dings hands, much to his tearful gratitude. Every night, if one hit a snag at work, she'd ask Jong. And if Jong hit a wall in his studies, he'd ask Wuan. Their progress was fueled by this growing silent synergy. During this time, a few classmates had questioned why they weren't attending evening study sessions. That was until the final mock exam. Chapter 37. The moonlight in a boy's heart. Thanks to the foundations laid over three lifetimes, Jang score of 599 stunned the entire class. When Juan, meanwhile, kept her pace steady and held on to the top spot. In a world where grades were the ultimate yard stick, these numbers silenced the whispers of doubt that had dogged them. The results they delivered were enough to make everyone shut their traps. From that point on, no one dared to interfere with them skipping the night study sessions. In fact, many students began to wonder if the pair had discovered some secret superior study spot and were putting in work behind the scenes, envying the rhythm they'd carved out for their lives and their studies. After this display of prowess, when Juan began to receive a steady stream of love letters, confessions, and flowers to those who didn't like her or to certain other girls, her personality hadn't actually changed from before. It was just her transformation in appearance that had fueled the gossip mill. But to those boys nursing secret crushes or bold confessions, the win of this moment had become the ultimate white moonlight, that unattainable, pristine ideal of their high school years. Her clear, cold eyes seemed purer than Guushi weddings. Her skin was fairer and her grades were superior. Without anyone noticing, when Juan had usurped Guushi Wedding's position in the hearts of many boys, she had become gradually perfect. The contrast between the two was stark. Guushi Wedding hadn't just had Ji Fong acting as her lap dog. She had openly flaunted a relationship with Yin Hongo, was constantly chased by others, and carried herself with an arrogant air. When Juan, on the other hand, had never been linked to any rumors other than tutoring Jong. Even during class, she barely spoke to him. And outside of eating lunch together, where the conversation was strictly limited to solving problems, they were practically strangers, leading many classmates to subconsciously ignore Ji Fangs presence entirely. They wanted to confess before graduation to leave no regrets. Unfortunately, when Juan was simply one, her indifference seemed innate. The love letters, flowers, and gifts she received were usually tossed straight into the trash the moment the giver turned away. It was only out of breeding and basic politeness that she didn't throw them out while the boys were still watching. Even that was enough to shatter the hearts of a legion of young boys. But most of those confessing knew exactly where they stood. Why is the white moonlight so beautiful? Because she is untouchable. Because she only needs to stand there. And even without doing a thing, she is enough to fill a boy's entire vision and occupy the very seed of his desire. For years to come, when they look back on this time, these boys will always remember their own awkwardness. They will remember this piece of beauty. Whenever they think of that person who once occupied a perfect score in their hearts, she will always outshine everyone else. In Jiangs small studio, he leaned back in his worn out secondhand boss's chair. Everything here was secondhand, and Jiong had no intention of upgrading. He was well aware that after graduation, the studio would inevitably have to move to Shanghai, which meant the team would face its first real separation. The move was a necessity. There was no other option. Pearl City wasn't a hub for major logistics. While Shanghai was practically the trade center of the entire nation, the two were simply incomparable. Plus, since he'd be attending university in Shanghai, the location of the studio was effectively locked in. It had to be Shanghai. There was no choice. People have different paths after graduation. He would bring along those willing to follow him, but he wouldn't beg those who wanted to stay. Closing his eyes to ponder his future trajectory, Jiong rubbed his brow. Today was commission settlement day. For once, he hadn't spent the time reviewing his lessons, choosing instead to wait for Wuan to finish the accounting. Around 700 p.m., Wuan looked up, a trace of a smile tugging at the corners of her mouth. The numbers are in. Commission A totaled 553,049 and commission B totaled 568,771, including myself. We have 19 people working on traffic. The highest commission was 39,000 and the lowest was 11,000 ft. Oh, commission B surpassed A. Looks like the boys have been working hard lately. Jong tapped his forehead and pulled out a cigarette only to silently put it back under Win's steady gaze. Seeing she had something on her mind, he waved a hand. Out with it. What's there to hide from me? When one hesitated then spoke. Under normal circumstances, commission B shouldn't be higher than A. The only reason it happened this time, seeing she was still pulling her punches, Gong spoke for her. Normally, commission A is about 10% higher than B. If B is higher now, there's only one reason. Someone went off book and handled orders for items we don't carry, right? Yeah. Wan nodded. She had expected Gong to be angry, but he just smiled nonchalantly. When Juan, are you feeling like since we all call each other brother, them handling outside orders behind our backs is a betrayal? When Juan didn't know how to answer, but her instincts made her nod. Yes, that's not the case at all. The high-quality products available to our team are limited, and our current reach is still weak. We can't even cover every niche in the mother and baby category yet. Everyone is still out there scouting. If they find better deals that we don't have access to, like cheap shoes or clothes that we don't have a supplier for, it's perfectly normal for them to grab those orders. If the guys want to make more money, they have to satisfy the customers needs so the customers trust them. It's a two-way street. The first month, no one did it because they were new and didn't know how. As time goes on, they'll start promoting outside products more and more. Get used to it. After hearing Ji Fangs explanation, Wuan thought for a moment before slowly nodding. I understand. Good. Let's finish the books. It's commission day after all. It should be a happy occasion. I've already finished. When one handed over the ledger for the first month, Jiong had covered all the studio costs as the owner, which was fine. But by the second month, now that everyone was making money, it was time to account for the overhead. Jong had never treated these guys as mere employees. They were partners. And since they were partners, it was only right that they share the load. 21 computers, eight long tables, 24 chairs, one office desk, one water dispenser. Including rent, the total cost comes to 84,290. Goam flipped through the pages, then frowned slightly, his voice turning cold. Where's your commission? Why isn't it calculated? When Nan sensed the shift in his tone, her expression turning flustered. I've been generating my own traffic as well. I've already earned much more than before. That excuse me absolutely nothing. At least not to Gong. He just stared at her coldly until when Nuan lowered her head. Everyone is a partner. Everyone contributes differently, so the results vary. They get the full commission B for traffic promotion. So why shouldn't you get the share from commission A as the studio director? When Muan didn't dare meet his eyes. Most of the time, Goam was gentle, especially toward her. But right now, he was angry and the temperature in the office seemed to drop a few degrees. Chapter 38. I'm aiming for Shanghai University. When Nuan remained silent for a long while, unsure of how to answer. To her, the money felt excessive so much that it didn't feel like it belonged to her. She didn't dare take it. Seeing the girl retreat into her own shell, Jiong found himself at a loss. If it were anyone else, he'd just let them be. But this was when Juan, "Come over here and finalize your pay," Jiong said, his tone cool. When Wuan snapped her head up, her expression even more bewildered than before, eyes brimming with moisture. That pitiable wrong look was a far cry from her usual aloof demeanor. Xiong sighed and rubbed his forehead. What are you crying for? I'm just asking you to calculate your salary, not firing you. What are you thinking hearing this? When Juan's eyes brightened instantly after blinking a few times, the moisture in her eyes vanished. Her footsteps were noticeably lighter as she walked toward him. Okay. The broken window effect applies to many things, including apparently handing out salaries to girls. Jong looked away, not wanting to watch her, but the corner of his mouth quirked upward toward the window. The smile, however, didn't last long. In the weeks since she joined the studio, when Juan had fully taken over all of Ji Fang's original responsibilities, effectively becoming the studio's director, her performance since then had been nothing short of stunning. With her at the helm, Jung no longer needed to spend time managing promotions. He only needed to dictate the grand strategy. She handled the product selection, price negotiations and commission tracking with surgical precision. Where Jong had relied on his past life experience to pick products and haggle, Wuan used data analytics and traffic growth statistics, a nent form of big data, though she lacked the software to truly track it yet. Given her performance, saying the secretary handles everything, was no exaggeration. She was leagues ahead of any secretaries Gong had known in his previous life. The gap in capability was glaring. While Gome was lost in thought, when Juan quickly finished the calculations, if we go by the commission split, it's it's a bit much. She handed the ledger to Gome looking nervous. Gong had promised her 10% of the A tier commission plus a base salary of 6,000 yuan. His A tier commission for the month was 550,000 yuan. After the 11% personal income tax, his net was about 490,000. when Juan's 10% share came to 49,000. Combined with her base pay, she was looking at a total of 55,000 yuan for the month. On top of that, she had earned over 10,000 yuan from Btier commissions through her own side hustle on her phone. More than 60,000 yuan. It wasn't an exaggeration to say she had never seen so much money in her entire life. And this was just one month. Change, as they say, happens in exactly this way. If the numbers are right, then they're right. You getting more just means I'm making more. Don't sweat it. watching him make that decision when one bit her lip. Gi, I want to take you out to dinner. Two, make up for last time. Ever since the last time she'd invited him, that one-on-one meal had never happened. Both of them had been too busy, and she hadn't brought it up again. With the month drawing to a close and payday arriving, she wanted to use this as an excuse. Under the girl's expectant gaze, Gone gave a slight shake of his head. Today, I'm afraid not. Everyone's worked hard and made good money, so we're all going out to celebrate. You come out to earn. You've got to let loose and enjoy it, right? Huh? Jiong said this with a laugh, his reasoning logical and sound. There wasn't a single flaw to find in his answer. When Juan managed a stiff smile in return, "That's true." She looked down, falling silent. That single act of initiative had exhausted every ounce of courage she possessed. That was just her nature. Even if she could turn back time, she doubted she could summon the resolve to ask again. Seeing her look down, Jong felt a slight sense of relief. It was precisely because he had witnessed her formidable capacity for growth that he had deliberately kept his distance. She was someone destined to spread her wings. She deserved a much grander stage. Beijing, Ching Hua, or Peing University. When Juan's future was bound to be brilliant. Only there would she see the full vast expanse of the world. He had already chosen Shanghai University. Once the college entrance exams were over, their paths would inevitably diverge. So, Gone remained restrained. He didn't initiate chats, didn't say anything flirtatious, and maintained a polite, respectful distance. This This is the best choice for both of us, isn't it? He thought to himself. Bang. The door flew open, and Dod Ding charged in, brimming with excitement. Brother Foam, going out for drinks tonight. Sure, my treat. Long live Brother Foam. The boss is generous. The studio atmosphere turned electric. The group crowded around Goam and headed to an all you can eat barbecue joint, feasting until they couldn't move. when Muan followed as the studio director, but despite her usual appetite, she had no heart for food today. During the celebration, Gone laughed and joked with his brothers, talking about their bright future. When Juan sat quietly on the side, just watching him. When the meal ended, a slightly tipsy Gome pulled her away from the group. He might keep his distance, but if it was late, he would never let her go home alone. They sat in the taxi in silence. It wasn't until they were almost back at the urban village that Gi Fong suddenly spoke. In the future, you should look for a two-bedroom apartment in the city. About 1,000 yuan or so. It won't be much pressure for you now, and it'll be a lot more convenient for your mom. Mm. She replied softly. A long time passed before she spoke again. Go, which university are you planning to apply to? Shanghai University, I guess. I'll do my best. If I don't get in, we'll cross that bridge later. What about you? Aren't you aiming to be the city's top scorer? Ching Hua or peeking are in the bag for you. Mm. She gave another soft affirmative and that was that. Only when the car pulled to a stop did she manage a third sentence. What about the studio? Everything is handled through online operations. We'll keep in touch via we chat. Your pay won't be affected. See youa. G phone didn't linger. Who could say what would happen after graduation? He knew he cared for her which was exactly why he kept his head clear. A flash of youthful impulse could lead to endless regret. For years was a long time enough to change everything. Driver tanny garden. When stood by the roadside watching the taxi disappear. Her gaze slowly lowered. The insecurity that had plagued her since childhood had been steadily chipped away over the last month. Yet, whenever she stood before Gi Foam, that old feeling of inferiority still crept back. It was G. Foam who had pulled her out of the dark. He was the only one who had ever seen her at her most vulnerable. Shanghai University. She whispered the name to herself, her gaze slowly hardening into resolve. Chapter 39. Reconciliation with self inside the cramped shack in the urban village. Mom, I'm home. When flicked the light switch, meeting the familiar gaze of her mother. It was the same ritual day after day. As the person closest to her, Wong Yakin could feel the subtle shifts in her daughter more acutely than anyone else. The girl's expression remained indifferent, yet the hollow, drifting look in her eyes had vanished. It was as if she had suddenly become someone else entirely. Wong Yakan shifted in her seat, her brow furrowed in confusion. Shyang Wan, did something happen today? Looking at her mother, a complex emotion stirred in Wuan's eyes. She sighed softly and sat down on the edge of the bed. Yes, I got paid for my part-time job today. Money is the courage of a hero. Money is the backbone of a person. These two maxims were common wisdom for men, but they were equally true for women. When Juan had earned over 60,000 yuan in a single month, it wasn't stable, and there were no benefits, but the sheer amount of money made up for all of that. Money brought security, an objective truth that applied just as much to a young woman as anyone else. Part-time job? You're about to take the college entrance exams. Do you have any idea how important this test is for you? At the mention of the exams, a strange look crossed when Wuan's face. She nodded. I know, Mom. The college entrance exams are the turning point of my destiny. Wong Yakin missed the subtext, finding nothing unusual about such a sentiment. If you know, why are you out working? When if you fail these exams, your whole life is finished. When Nuan stared steadily at her mother, she didn't argue. She simply spoke in a low, quiet voice. Mom, our family needs money. Your surgery needs money. What do you know about that? Don't you worry about my affairs. Stiff, argumentative, cold- shouldered. Over the last few years, when had realized that meaningful communication with her mother had become nearly impossible, every conversation ended in either a shouting match or each person talking past the other. Today was no different. Mom, you're my mother. How could I not worry about you? A heart valve replacement costs a fortune. I have to make money. Is that something for you to worry about? Besides, how much could you possibly earn from a part-time job in a month? Over 50,000. Wong Yak and froze. The number hanging in the air. You said how much? I made over 50,000 this month. I've checked. The surgery will cost about 200,000. I'll have enough for your procedure soon. And then we can take you to see the specialists in Gene Lang. Slap. Before Wan could finish, Wong Yakins hand connected sharply with her face. When Nuan sat stunned on the bed, her fair skin already swelling and flushing bright red. It had been a heavy blow. When Juan fell silent, she didn't retaliate, nor did she try to explain. She was used to this. In Pearl City, Wong Yakin couldn't conceive of any job that would pay over 50,000 yuan. To get a payout like that while still being a student, she couldn't imagine it being anything legitimate. Looking at her daughter, who grew more radiant and striking by the day, even while maintaining her top tier ranking in the mock exams, Wong Yakan couldn't help but let her mind spiral into the darkest territory. Her words turning venomous. Where did you get that kind of money? Tell me, did you go out and sell yourself? Did some man buy you off? Was it Goam or some other old bastard? I'm telling you, when one, our family might be poor, but we have dignity. If you've gone and done something shameless like your father, then don't ever call me mom again. something shameless, just like her father. What exactly had her father done back then? He had ordered paint for the factory and been reported by her mother. She vaguely remembered that the time her father was ordering that paint had been the period when their family was at its most prosperous. Facing her mother's accusations and escalating vitrial, the light in when Nuan's eyes slowly extinguished and her tone turned unnervingly calm. Don't get agitated, Mom. Your heart isn't strong and I don't want to fight. As for the nature of my work, I can only tell you it's in the internet industry. It's hard to explain the details in a few words. You must have gone through my drawers and bag. There are spreadsheets and data reports in there. You might not understand them, but they should prove I'm not lying. Mom, I know you're scared. Don't worry. I'll always be by your side. This time, Wong Yakin was genuinely taken aback. It wasn't the money or the work that shocked her. It was the profound composure on her daughter's face. In the past, if Wuan had caught her snooping through her belongings, it would have resulted in hysteria and screaming. But now, Wan was the one pointing it out, her eyes and expression utterly serene. Perhaps it was the sting of the slap. But that calm look made her mother feel a sudden, creeping fear. Xiaaman, let me tell you. When Juan waved her hand gently, cutting off the emotional manipulation her mother used like a reflex. Mom, I've only recently come to understand a truth. A lot of what you've told me is wrong. To truly own your future, a diploma and high test scores aren't nearly enough. In the real world outside these campus walls, you need drive, courage, grit, boldness, influence, shrewdness, toughness, and the ability to make choices. These things matter more because I am not a child living in an ivory tower. Now that I have the scores and am about to have the diploma, I want to touch the real world. Wong Yakins eyes widened. She couldn't comprehend when Nuan's meaning. A gnawing sense of unease settled in her chest. The feeling that her daughter was slipping entirely out of her control, like insects burrowing into her heart. I'm your mother. Why are you being so difficult? You are my mother and I have always loved you. But mom, times have changed. With the shift in Iris, some of your values are no longer applicable. Many things you say make no sense or simply wrong. As for being difficult, Mom, it is precisely because I have finally grown up that I am able to speak to you about this so calmly. When Muan sat peacefully beside her mother, she saw Wong Yakins hand rise again. Yet, she didn't flinch. In the end, the hand didn't fall. Wong Yakins face crumpled into a sob. How can you not listen to your mother? I've grown up. When Juan remained calm, the showdown with her mother hadn't been as difficult as she'd imagined. To call it giving up was too strong. This confession felt more like a summary of her past 18 years. A reconciliation with her mother. Mother and daughter. The debt of upbringing. This bond could never be severed. Even if it were wrapped in thorns, when one knew she had to hold on to it, she remembered what Gong had told her. Once you have the strength to support this family, your parents will start to speak to you calmly, perhaps even with a hint of caution. This rule applies to 99% of families. Asterisk When now had the capacity to carry that weight with her current understanding of traffic monetization, she wouldn't starve even if she left Gongo. She had become entirely indifferent to the things that used to be unbearable. Mom, after the college entrance exams are over, I'm going to rent a two-bedroom apartment in the city. It will be closer to the hospital and easier for commuting, but we'll have to wait until the exams are finished before I can handle the move. Xiaan, how can you just decide things on your own? Wuan interrupted her with a faint smile. Mom, I hope my changes can bring a better life to this family. Just listen to me this time. Looking at the smiling when Wong Yakin opened her mouth, but the words died in her throat. Her daughter had always been well- behaved, but today she felt as if she had truly transformed. Mom understands. Chapter 40. the postgow gathering. Over the past month, the lingering sense of inferiority that had once defined when Muan began to melt away, replaced by a growing sense of self asssurance. Her attitude toward others had shifted, too, from cold indifference to an icy, piercing sharpness. The members of the Gong Studio were the ones who felt this change most acutely. Her cold, ruthless demeanor was unmistakable. She was meticulous, fastidious, and when it came to matters of principle, there was simply no room for negotiation. The only time that icy exterior thought was when she stood beside Jong. In those moments, the cold director Win transformed into someone entirely gentle. But to the average student at school, when Juan had become increasingly unapproachable. If one were to pinpoint exactly when this transformation began, it would likely be the 15th of last month, the day when received her very first paycheck. Time slipped away unnoticed, and the GaCow, the National College entrance exam, arrived in a flash. For some, it was a day they had spent years anticipating. For others, it was a waking nightmare. For most, it was the culmination of 12 years of study, and equally the starting line for a brand new journey. At Jiangs home, Little Fong, you've got this son, try not to put too much pressure on yourself. Standing at the doorway, Dong Kaiwi and Ji Guanguin both offered their encouragements. This scene was playing out in countless households across the country. For millions of students, the next two days would serve as the most significant turning point in their lives. Don't worry, Mom. Dad, your son is a powerhouse these days. There's no way I'm crashing and burning. Compared to his visibly anxious parents, Gone remained remarkably calm. Hardly a surprise. Having lived through multiple lifetimes, he was hardly going to be rattled by an entrance exam. To him, university was merely a platform, a convenient way to scout talent, get things done, and build a network. Even if he didn't get into Shanghai University, he was confident he could make something of himself. Of course, going to college was also about the experience and finally checking off a box on a past bucket list. On the other side of the city, when Nuan stood with her bag, saying her own pre-exam goodbyes to Wong Yakin, given her sensitivity, she was well aware that the dynamic between her and her mother had quietly shifted. There was no such thing as a perfectly peaceful coexistence. Even within a family, there is always a dominant and a submissive side. She would never lash out at her mother, of course, because this was the woman who had raised her. But the wounds of the past would still need time to heal. Mom, I'm heading out. When Muan said with a slight smile, "Right, little Muan, good luck." The students were scattered across different schools for the exam, so there was no point in trying to travel together. The first morning was Chinese. The afternoon was math. The next morning was the comprehensive exam, followed by English in the afternoon. The first morning went exceptionally smoothly. There wasn't a single question on the answer sheet that felt ambiguous. Before the exam, when Juan had forced him to cram for a few days now, he had to admit it had actually been quite useful. After the Chinese exam, Gone pulled out his phone, the class group chat was already buzzing with activity. Holy [ __ ] I'm done for. None of my answers match up with what you guys are saying. How'd your essays go? Where's the class monitor? Leong, where are you at? Some breeze. How did you do, Goam? At Summer Breeze, say something. Gone was surprised to see people tagging him and not just one or two. He figured there was no point in playing dead at this stage. The exam was over and everyone would be going their separate ways soon. So, he tapped on the keyboard. It was all right. After chatting with his classmates for a while, Gone Glanced at his contact list and tapped on the pinned avatar. Make sure you eat lunch. Okay. When Juan's personality was far too withdrawn, getting her to chat with others, let alone eat with them, was nearly impossible. Gone figured that if he didn't remind her, the girl would likely skip lunch altogether. It wasn't that she didn't have the money. She just found the whole ordeal too much of a hassle. At the thought of when Juan, the corners of Jiangs mouth curled up. His goofy, infatuated smile was interrupted by the restaurant owner. Hey kid, if you aren't going to eat, don't block the doorway. You're messing with my business. Cough. Sorry about that. Give me a portion of the pork trotder rice. The two days passed in a blur. The class group chat remained more active than ever with everyone debating their exam performance and sharing their inner anxieties. Some started talking about their hopes for university, their preferred majors, and their ambitions. Gone didn't join in on those topics. He did his best to stay under the radar and remain an afterthought. It wasn't until the afternoon of the second day when they finished the English exam and retrieved their phones that a private message came through. Gone, which university are you planning to apply to? Seeing that it was a message from Guushi Wedding, Gone rubbed his temples. Even for him, the adrenaline of the exam hadn't fully faded. He didn't want to be harsh, but he wasn't going to sugarcoat things either. I'm not discussing which school I'm applying to. We all have our own dreams and our own paths to walk. Let's just move on and wish each other well. Is there really no chance for us anymore? None. Gucci wedding sat in front of her phone, her mood sinking. She felt like she hadn't performed well on the exam. It wasn't a disaster, but it definitely wasn't her best. She had hoped to chat with Goam. After all, the exam was over. Never expecting such a cold final answer. She gripped the iPhone for that Gong had bought her, her tears falling like beads onto the screen. The class group chat was still alive and kicking. With the Gao over, the pressure had finally been released. The 12 years of grinding had finally come to an end. The world that lay ahead, whether they chose to coast or continue to strive, was a path each would have to walk alone. Lee Long, the class monitor, sent out an invitation in the chat. Now that the exam is over, I propose we go to Zenkaju tomorrow for a meal and then head to Juanhao KTV in the afternoon to sing. Let's go, Dutch. If you aren't interested, just stay off the radar. If you are, hit one so I can get a headcount. 1 one 11,11. Out of the 50 plus students in the class, over 20 had chimed in as soon as Lee Long made the offer. Jiong felt conflicted. He hadn't decided whether he should go and say a proper goodbye to these people he'd spent three years with. Regardless of his past life or this one, his relationship with these classmates had never been particularly good. Dodding and the others weren't in his class. As of now, the only person Gone was actually close with was Win. As Gone pondered, some of the students nearby started shouting, "Hey everyone, we've got to go tomorrow. Don't let your high school days and with a regret. Gone listened, feeling a bit dazed. Almost instinctively, he tapped one. One the moment Gong hit one, two messages immediately popped up in the otherwise quieting group chat. One one the first was from Wuan. The second from Guushi Wedding. Seeing their messages, someone in the chat jumped at the chance to stir the pot. Look at that. I told you as long as Gone goes, Wan is guaranteed to be there. Indeed, following her man, are we not going to lie, it's pretty obvious. Guiu Wetting watching the group tease Gone and Wuan felt a sudden, inexplicable rage. She had signed up, too. Why was no one mentioning her? Her fingertips danced over the screen. But before she could finish typing her retort, she saw something that left her stunned. When Juan, who never volunteered a word in the group, had actually spoken up. That's right. If Gone goes, I go. Chapter 41. The youth chasing the wind. The previously lively atmosphere froze instantly. Many had assumed that given Wan's personality, she would shily deny it or simply remain isoly silent. No one expected the recluse girl to abandon the script entirely. She actually went for a direct hit. Holy [ __ ] Damn. Straight for the jugular. Are we? Well, well, well. showing off like this to us singles. Tone it down, man. This is the class group chat. The classmates continued their banter and G Foam being the center of the spectacle saw it all too. When Juan's bluntness caught him off guard, he realized immediately that he couldn't stay silent now when I was grinding through my studies. Who else but when Juan was there to lend a hand? Don't get salty. This is just two buddies supporting each other. You guys don't know Jack. Jangs retort successfully diverted the fire. All right. All right. Brother Fang's gone into protector mode. Okay. The demons have retreated. Jiong chatted with everyone in the group for a bit longer, making sure the conversation had moved on from Wuan before logging off. When he arrived home, Dong Kaiwi and Ji Guang Shuan immediately hurried over. Oh, my big scholar is finally home. Come, come tell mom how the exam go. It was all right. I think I did pretty well. Jiong scratched his head. As long as it was all right. Now that it's over, go ahead and relax. Here, take this 5,000. Go out and have some fun. Looking at the 5,000 yuan Dong Kaiwi was pressing into his hand. Jiong felt a mix of amusement and awkwardness. To his current self, 5,000 yuan didn't mean much, but he didn't refuse. He took it with a grin and gave his mom a hug. A mother's love for her child is simple. It's just unconditional care. Don't refuse a mother's good intentions because being needed feels truly wonderful. Love you, mom. You brat only know how to butter me up. The plump Dong Kaiwi was beaming with happiness. The rolls of fat on her face bunching up in a smile. Though it didn't last long. Listen here, Shiaoong. Even if the college entrance exam is over, don't get cocky. The road ahead is long. Your dad here. Dong Kaiwi, what are you doing? Xiao, you go inside. I'm about to put down a yapping dog. Dong Kaiwi rolled up her sleeves, ready to school. Old G. Old G quickly protested. I was just telling our son not to get a big head. Why are you starting to swing fists? Seeing his old man about to be trampled by his mom, Gong intervened. Mom, don't be like that. Dad was just joking. Day in and day out with that stuffy cadre attitude. It's fine when you're outside, but back home. Gone wiped a bead of sweat from his forehead. The old man's status in this house was truly hanging by a thread. Dad, what's up? Gi Guanguan waved a hand. Nothing major really. Just wanted to ask, how confident are you about getting into Shanghai University? I think it shouldn't be a problem. You really sure? About 80%. Gone didn't want to overpromise. In reality, he felt about 95% sure, but that felt too arrogant to say out loud. Besides, he didn't have some god-tier student system. There was always a slim chance of a crash. So, 80% it was. 80% is plenty. Even if you don't land Shanghai University, getting into another 985 tier school won't be an issue. Good job, son. The moment he received his father's praise, Jong smiled from the heart. For a son, earning his father's recognition is a point of genuine pride. Encouraged, Giongo took the initiative to pull out a pack of cigarettes and offer one to old Gi. Gi Guanguan accepted it, crossed his legs, and waited for Giong to light it. Giong didn't hesitate, flicking his lighter to set the cigarette glowing, then asked with a cheeky grin, "So, what do you say? A few drinks tonight?" Puffed, "You little punk, you think I'm scared of you?" That night, Gone cracked open a bottle of Maai and a bottle of Wuangya from his father's collection. It didn't matter if they couldn't finish it. He just wanted to open the bottles and watch his dad wse a little. But tonight, Ji Guang Shuan didn't seem to care about the price compared to his son's exam performance. Those bottles of liquor were worth nothing. The two men talked about everything under the sun, bragging and laughing until after 9:00. Thankfully, he was at home. Once he was fed and watered, Jong headed off to take a shower. Lying in bed, Jung finally pulled out his phone. There were plenty of messages. Gucci Wedding, Lee Long, Dodding, they had all reached out. Unfortunately, none of them were who J phone wanted to see. He didn't reply to a single one. With a lingering haze of alcohol, he slowly drifted off into a deep sleep. Perhaps it was the long accumulated stress and fatigue from his studies. But Gong slept for an age. He didn't wake up until after 11 the next morning, feeling completely groggy. Holy [ __ ] it's already 11:00. The high school reunion was set for 12:00 noon. Normally, people would start showing up by 11:30 to start ordering food. It was already 11:00 and he hadn't even put on pants yet. He was dangerously late. He grabbed his phone, ignored the other notifications, and clicked on the pin chat head. Where are you? When took a moment to reply at home. I'm coming to pick you up. Okay. When Juan quietly put her phone away, and began walking back from the bus stop. Since Jong said he was coming, she wasn't about to take the bus. The path back was the same, but her steps felt a little lighter this time. By the time Ji Fangs Ghostfire scooter pulled up at the entrance of the urban village, when Juan had actually been waiting for over 20 minutes, today she had changed back into that yellow and blue cinched waist dress. The blend of youth and beauty made her look like a painting, drawing glances from the passers by, including the old man selling radishes at the intersection. She liked this outfit, and she liked the way Gone looked at her. Sorry, I woke up late. It's fine. I just got here, too. When when said this, the old radish seller gave her a surprised look. She ignored him, calmly pulled on her white helmet, hopped onto the scooter, and gently wrapped her arms around Jiang's waist. Huh. Ji Fangs expression shifted slightly. To be honest, it was a bit ticklish, and the feeling wasn't limited to his skin. He had known plenty of women in his previous life, but they were almost exclusively casual flings. No real emotional weight. He couldn't deny the stirrings in his heart, but his mature mind forced him to stay rational. What's wrong? When Juan sensed his hesitation, "Nothing. I'm just thinking we're probably going to get teased by the others once we show up. Oh, when Juan was naturally aloof, she rarely showed emotion over things like that. Perhaps she really didn't care. Jong started the bike and headed toward the restaurant. Unlike all the other times he'd given her a ride, he couldn't help but feel that when Nuan was sitting closer today. Every time the bike stopped at a red light, he could feel a soft, faint breath against the back of his neck. She was that close. Close enough that even her shallow breathing was noticeable. Jiong couldn't quite describe the sensation, so he stayed silent. It was hard to imagine the typically indifferent wan doing this on purpose. Even when they were already close, she had always maintained a respectful distance while riding. It must be an accident, he told himself. That thought lasted until they reached the next major intersection. Gi break a bit too sharply, and his back immediately pressed against something soft and warm. The hands wrapped around his waist tightened, pulling her firmly against him. Chapter 42. Lowly in station, never forgetting the fate of the nation. Jon raised a brow. She was so soft, so comfortable, he even had the sudden urge to turn and pull that delicate body into his arms. Wouldn't one resist? Hell, what am I thinking? Jiong immediately smothered that spark of desire in his heart. The two fell into silence. The feeling of that softness lingered for who knows how long. It left Ji Fangs head spinning. It wasn't until when Nuan's voice drifted from beside his ear that he snapped out of it. The light turned green. Oh, right. As he twisted the throttle, Jongo barely managed to regain his composure. When Juan were almost there, "Mhm." The familiar silence remained unbroken. Even when they arrived at the entrance of Zankaju and stepped off the bike, Ji Fangs heart was still in disarray. He and Wu one walked one after the other into the oversized private room. And immediately, someone started jeering. "See, I told you they'd arrive together. Big deal. They're always together anyway. It's nothing new. You two are practically the legends of Pearl City now." one high school Jiong have you and when one officially started dating the earlier comments were harmless enough but as soon as he heard that Ji Fangs hazy mind snapped into focus his gaze and expression turned cold the person asking was Lui who always seemed a little too preoccupied with Win was the closest to Jong and her natural sensitivity let her immediately pick up on the shift in his mood before Gone could even open his mouth when Juan cut in first we're just friends hearing when take the lead to say that Gone Hong felt a strange indescribable sensation in his chest. However, a seasoned veteran like him had seen it all before. He kept his expression light, smiling as he echoed her. When is aiming for Chinua peaking with a cut- off score that high, there's no way I could ever make the cut. Don't go making wild guesses. Ji Fong spoke with logical conviction, his face revealing nothing that would suggest otherwise. The few classmates who had been egging them on had no choice but to nod. That does sound like it makes sense. Yeah, four years of college can change so many things. All right, all right. We've graduated. We're here to have a good time today. Let's not get all sentimental. The class monitor, Lee Long, was a bit intimidated by Gong. Seeing the atmosphere sour, he quickly stepped in to smooth things over, trying to get the graduation party back on its original track. But today, it was as if Lui had finally broken free from 3 years of repression. He wasn't willing to let it slide. Goam, you and Win were late today. The only two in the whole class. You know the rule, right? Those who are late pay a penalty of three drinks. classmates, right? Jong narrowed his eyes. In his past life, he'd always been the one leading Loui around. The guy was useless at everything except stirring up trouble. Now, at their own graduation party, he was acting like a total knob. Did he really think Goam was that easygoing? The penalty drinks were agreed upon beforehand. Gi, you're not scared, are you? Seemingly sensing Gi Fangs rising temper when small hand suddenly coiled around his, giving it a firm squeeze. The anger ready to erupt from Gone dissipated instantly, and his expression returned to a calm, indifferent mask. "Fine, fine. I'm the one who was late. If you take a hit, you stand tall. If you make a mistake, you own it. I'll take the penalty. It's not just you. What about Wan?" Lui raised a glass toward Wuan, but Gone intercepted it. Wu one looked up at the person beside her, her eyes sparkling. The meaning behind those bright searching eyes was clear. Can I drink today? When it came to when Juan and alcohol, Gongo was immovable, and today was no exception. Seeing Giong shake his head, when Juan tilted her head, then pulled a cold face and looked away from the room. The tilt was for Gongo. The cold face was for outsiders like Lui. When Juan made the distinction very clear, Lui watched the two of them, his expression complex, a sensation of indescribable discomfort gnawing at him. He really wanted to point out that they both claimed to be just friends. But when it came to whether or not she could drink, when Muan deferred to Goam and when he refused, she found it perfectly reasonable. Did they not realize how illogical that was? Why would just friends be keeping tabs on things like that? Seeing the surrounding classmates picking up on the awkward tension, Gone didn't want to ruin the mood. He gave them enough face, laughing as he said, "How about this guys? We were definitely late and we deserve the penalty. I'll drink the three glasses for her. Okay." With that, G foamed down the glass in one go and immediately poured another. Six glasses total. Thankfully, it was just beer. Throughout the whole thing, when Juan never let go of his hand, it was a scene far too many people witnessed. Okay, my ass. The air was thick with the sour, nauseating scent of PDA. Lui was fuming, but he was utterly helpless against the silent, unspoken connection between the two. The more he pushed, the more pathetic his own behavior looked in front of them. By the time Jiong finished the last glass, Lui looked utterly deflated. All right, penalty paid. Only after that passed did Wuan quietly released Ji Fanggs hand, doing so without a sound. Everyone was here to have a good time, and since Jong had paid the price, the others didn't push any further. Seeing the penalty settled, the classmate sat back down and began to eat. When Nuan sat beside Ji Fong, which was normal enough that no one objected, but the problem was, Guushi Wedding had also decided to plant herself right there. Jiong ignored her, focusing entirely on eating with Wuan. Try this, though it's a bit fatty. Here, have a shrimp. After some time, when one hadn't lost that cold, detached air, but her movements were no longer hampered by the old nervousness and hesitation. Facing a banquet like this, she could calmly and collectedly peel a shrimp for Giong. That's right. Last time it had been Gong feeding her. This time, the roles were reversed. Gui Wedding, sitting on the side, tried to curry favor, but Jon gave her no opening, simply turning his back to her. Unable to swallow her pride, Guushi Wedding had no choice but to give up. After three rounds of drinks, the boys started boasting and blowing off steam. At their age, filled with youthful vigor, they talked of politics, military affairs, and the girls they once loved. Nothing was held back, and it all became fodder for their chatter. Jiong sat there with a smile, chiming in every now and then. He enjoyed the talk of politics and military history, but he had no desire to be the center of attention, nor was there any need to show off at a time like this. Guetting, seeing that Jiong ignored her and barely spoke, was filled with resentment. Looking at the boys carrying on, she curled her lip in disdain. I really hate these people who, after a few drinks, think they can spout off about national affairs. It's so childish, so self-righteous, and frankly ridiculous. Her voice was loud enough to make the bustling hall fall into an instant awkward silence. The students looked at one another, and in every pair of eyes, one could see the same annoyance. What Guushi Wedding had said had struck a nerve for many of them. Jiong, who had been silent the whole time, finally turned around to face her. Seeing Jiong staring at her, Guushi Wedding assumed he was finally going to reconcile with her. But Jiong just furrowed his brows and shook his head. I'm sorry, Gucci Wedding, but I can't agree with that. Giong you. Drinking and chatting is human nature. It's just a way for people to vent emotions that haven't yet found a release. There's nothing wrong with that. Besides, have you ever heard this saying? Looking at Ji Fing's serious face, Guushi Wedding was caught off guard. Wh what? Though lowly in station, I never dare to forget the fate of the nation. Chapter 43. The farewell of graduation season. The private room fell into silence once more. Before long, a few boys who had downed one too many drinks stood up. Jong, well said, though lowly in station, I dare not forget the welfare of the country. That line is genuinely badass. Damn, you really hit the nail on the head. Fongji is the man. Facing the chorus of flattery from his classmates, Jong pressed his hands down with practiced nonulence. He hadn't intended to show off, but he barely made a move before hitting the ceiling of this social tear. Whenever he found himself in this situation, he would habitually reach into his pocket for a cigarette. But then, Gongo felt something a miss and his expression stiffened. Air. Noticing when Juan's gaze, he moved to put the cigarette away. To his surprise, when Juan suddenly produced a Zippo style kerosene lighter click, the faint scent of kerosene flared for a second, and when Juan lit the cigarette between his lips, Goam was taken aback, then chuckled, offering a polite nod of thanks. For once, when one smiled back, she had bought the lighter online herself. It wasn't expensive, and she'd had it for a long time. In truth, every time Gone reached for a cigarette in front of her, she had wanted to light it for him. She didn't particularly care for the smell of smoke, but she knew he enjoyed it. Yet, whenever he pulled out a pack, he would always silently put it away. When Mu knew what he was doing, and given her personality, she could never bring herself to say, "Go ahead. I'll light it for you." So, this seemingly coincidental act of lighting his cigarette was something she had been preparing for a long time. Yes, it was a long con of affection. His exhale. Gi puffed on the cigarette, glancing at Wuan beside him. For some reason, he felt better than he ever had before. Asterisk Guang Shan. I'm sticking with this brand from now on. This highle flex shoving dog food down their throats earned the collective disdain of all the boys. However, Jiangs previous remark had effectively shattered the awkward atmosphere and the room grew lively again. Guushi wedding sat there looking like she didn't belong on either side. But since no one bothered with her and she didn't have the grace to leave on her own, she just stayed put. By the time the dinner ended and the group headed for Ju and Ha KV, the cold tension from the meal had finally faded. Jong and Wuan didn't shy away. They hailed a cab and followed the rest of the group. Since there were so many of them, they rented the largest private room. The alcohol prices here were astronomical, so those who weren't drinking were exempted from the bill. Inside the KTV, there was always a Mike Hog to be found. They belted out songs at the top of their lungs, stealing glances at the girls they liked, hoping to catch their attention through their passionate performances. But the beautiful girl in question would just sit quietly in the corner, checking her phone from time to time, or looking at the person beside her. Professional Mike Hogs like Guushi Wedding weren't idol either. Her voice was decent and she had solid vocal technique. She went through three songs in a row, all of them near-perfect performances, which drew a round of applause. Yet, Jong didn't spare her a single glance. While Guushi Wedding was singing, when Juan snuck a peek at Jong, seeing him sitting with his eyes closed to rest, she let out a silent breath of relief. The KTV environment was rockus, not the kind of place when liked. But with Gone right there, even the noise became bearable. As she thought about it, she inched closer until they were almost leaning against one another. Class monitor finished her song. Gi, aren't you going to sing one? After Leong finished his set, a classmate called out to Jong. Jong jolted his eyes open, immediately conscious of the young girl leaning against his side. Though his mind wandered, he stood up and straightened his posture. The songs I know aren't in the catalog here. [ __ ] Juanho's library is famously comprehensive. What could they possibly be missing? I'm serious. How about I perform an ac capella? All right. All right. Come on then. Let's see what you've got up your sleeve. After the dinner conversation, many of the guys had changed their tune about Goam. Aside from a few outliers, most of them held no real grudge against him. A few words later, the atmosphere grew warm and inviting. Goam wasn't lying. He truly didn't know the songs of this era, having long forgotten the ones from his past. Picking up the mic, he took a moment to compose himself, then started an a capella rendition of After I'm Gone. Perhaps love has turned this moment gray. We remain cold and indifferent as ever, clinging to the remnants of joy. Looking back at the twists and turns we've walked. Only the two of us understand. No one else can. You said you were tired. Can you let me go? I'm leaving. Don't be sad anymore. There's nothing left to say. Just remember to be happy from now on. There aren't so many reasons for things in this world. After I leave, don't think of me anymore. Even though it's hard to let go, this is the freedom you wanted. I'm giving it back to you. Even without backing music, the clarity of Ji Fangs voice and the moving lyrics stirred a strange, indescribable emotion in everyone. The inexplicable empathy silenced the room, leaving them lost in thought. That's right, they realized. On this day of graduation, we say goodbye just like any other day. Perhaps years from now, we will realize that it wasn't just you we were saying goodbye to, but our entire youth. After a long while, those who caught on first wiped the corners of their eyes and stood up to applaud. Damn, that actually sounded good. Well done. Is there anything you can't do, man? Goam, are you going to pursue an idol career in the future? Amidst the flattery from his classmates, Gucci Wedding suddenly covered her mouth and bolted out the door. Her sobbing was seen by everyone. Why did Gucci Wing start crying? Who knows? Seems like she was moved to tears by Ji Fangs song. Is that song related to the two of them? The lyrics definitely suggest something. The students murmured, but Jiong acted like nothing had happened. He dropped the microphone and went back to cracking melon seeds. Even when Juan looked at him, curious, seeing everyone staring, Jong finally put down his seeds. She left. What does that have to do with me? That song wasn't written for her. Why are you all looking at me? Keep singing. Seeing that the parties involved didn't care, the rest of the group returned to their spots. When Nuan silently bowed her head, the corners of her lips curling up unintentionally. If Jiong had gone after Guushi wedding, she wouldn't have stopped him. But in her heart, she was glad he didn't. She was a possessive bad girl. After the interlude of that song, no one tried to make Jong sing again. They were here to have a good time. If this prick kept singing and making everyone cry, how could they play? Absolutely not. Even though Gi Fong didn't sing again, the vibe of the gathering began to shift. Some people started to leave, others grew quiet. Some wept, some hugged. This was the graduation season for many. Much like the cicada that must hibernate for 17 years before it can climb high and sing. These boys and girls having hibernated for 17 years themselves were starting to find their own voices. Jiong stayed until the end. He voluntarily paid 500 yuan to cover his and when share before waving goodbye to everyone. Once the summer break passed, they would all be off to college. Perhaps this gathering was the final goodbye for many of their lives, never to meet again. That night, Jono walked Wan home. They walked for a long time. Wu one seemed to have a newfound vitality with a little less of her usual coldness. Gome, this marble looks nice. Shall we buy one foot? Sure. The guy selling radishes. Do you want to eat one? Sure. Even though I wasn't close with the classmates, graduation is still pretty sad, isn't it? It was as if their roles had reversed. When spoke at length, while Gone fell into a rare silence, he didn't know what he was hesitating about. Perhaps the season of departure had finally infected him, too. Or had the alcohol worn off, forcing him to realize that some people were truly about to leave his life forever? Chapter 44. The problem wasn't the cigarette. The walk to the entrance of the urban village remained uncharacteristically quiet. Jiong said almost nothing, and when Juan, usually perceptive enough to pick up on the slightest shift in his mood, acted as if she hadn't noticed a thing. At the final intersection, she tilted her head, her eyes curving into soft crescent. Gone. Yep. I had a great time today. You head back and get some rest, too. Gone opened his mouth, then paused. Right. You, too. He watched her walk away, and as she faded into the distance, the smile on Wan's face slowly ebbed away. She pulled out that poker themed lighter, her expression suddenly solemn and earnest as she gave a small, determined gesture of encouragement to herself. The next day, Gone was out in the park for his usual morning run when he found Winan already waiting for him, dressed in her sportsware. Finally, no more reciting vocabulary words while I run. Yeah, heading to the studio together in a bit. Sure. The atmosphere between them settled back into its usual calm as if nothing had changed. With their studies behind them, they now had the luxury of dedicating entire days to the studio. When Juan's work ethic was formidable, and with her taking the lead on the logistics, Jong finally had the freedom to stretch his wings. For the studio, the fusion of their two minds was a genuine turning point. A period of explosive, rapid growth, extreme efficiency, forward-thinking product selection, addictive consumer engagement, and lasertargeted traffic acquisition. Under Ji Fangs guidance, feats that would usually require an incredible amount of foresight became effortless. While Wuan's presence ensured that his wild ideas and strategies were executed with precision and order, the commissions for this month are out. Commission A is 850,000 before tax and commission B is 1.13 million foot. When Nuan laid out the ledgers and reports, breaking down their income and expenditures over the recent period. However, due to limitations in our staff, our current traffic channels, and the rise of individual competitors and other studios, I suspect we're approaching a bottleneck. Unless we can tap into a new flow of traffic, our earnings will likely plateau around this mark." Jung nodded, acknowledging her assessment. In reality, he knew this was the natural ceiling for every studio like theirs. Working hand in hand, he found himself feeling strangely dependent on her. Their past rapport had been limited to the trivialities of daily life. But now, working together, the sheer jump in efficiency was staggering. When one always managed to clear the path, leaving him the mental space to think that was exactly what he needed. The brainless assistance from his past life wouldn't have had a fraction of her capability. We definitely need a new traffic interface. Doing it manually, the cap really is around a million, but we're about to head to university, and it's not the right time to hire more people. We'll look into it once we're settled after the semester starts." When Nuan nodded, her gaze drifting slightly as she stared at her pay stub. It was rare to see her so distracted during work hours. Seeing her like this, Jiong assumed she was just marveling at the size of her paycheck and decided to tease her. Feeling a bit overwhelmed that you're pulling in tens of thousands a month fresh out of high school. Don't worry, with your talent, your future achievements will far. Gi before he could finish, when interrupted him, a first. Gi looked at her surprised, and when seemed just as stunned by her own outburst. I'm sorry. Gong studied her for a moment. Clearly picking up on her unease. The high-intensity work lately. It's probably been a lot of pressure. Tell you what, results are coming out soon and we have to fill out our applications. Let's take a few days off then and get some proper rest. No need, huh? Jong, after I collect the dividends for July, I might need to leave a bit early. Leave early in July. Jiong wasn't entirely sure about the start date for Chinua Peing University, but usually it fell between late August and early September. Leaving that early seemed impossible. He planned to head to the city early himself to prepare the studio, but this this was too soon. That early. Jong rarely pried into Wuan's private affairs, and he held back now, too. When didn't meet his gaze, she kept her head down. Don't worry about the work. I'll carry my laptop with me. I'll make sure everything gets done. Jono wanted to tell her that work wasn't what he was worried about, but the words died in his throat. After all, maintaining a purely professional relationship was his own decision. Okay, if you have stuff to take care of, go ahead. If you need any help from me, I don't. Thank you, Gone. Gone rubbed his nose, feeling as if he'd just been hit with a good guy card. Usually, he wouldn't think twice about when silence, but today, he felt unsettled. All right, as long as you've got it figured out. The conversation about her leave ended there once the workday was done. By the next day, everything seemed back to normal when Juan didn't bring it up again and Jiong didn't ask. He didn't have the grounds to. Then came the day the scores were released. Jiong sat in front of his home computer. Ji Guanguan and Dong Kaiwi flanking him on either side. Hey, what are you hitting me for? Ji Guanguan was being mercilessly pinched by his wife. He tried to fight back but was swiftly suppressed by a single hand from Dong Kaiwi. Old G. Old G, I'm so nervous. What are you nervous for? Typical woman's worry. Despite his tough talk, the half empty pack of cigarettes nearby and the stub burning down in his fingers betrayed his true state of mind. As for the man of the hour, Gone was miles away. Asterisk, "What is Win Juan doing right now? How did she do? Is she leaving early for the capital?" asterisk. Sigh. Son, what are you signing for? You're killing me with suspense here. It's nothing. Gone clicked the query window, logged in, and his score jumped onto the screen. 629 out of 750. Chinua peing line was 660 plus. Shanghai University was 620 plus. Seeing the number, Dong Kaiwi and Ji Guanguan leapt up in unison. Old G. Old G. Did you see? Did you see? Our boy got a 629 ft. I saw I saw this kid actually has some real talent. Gi looked at his parents, his mother's excitement, his father's pride, and felt a genuine warmth bloom in his chest. In this new life, he'd always hoped to make them proud. You two are nearly a hundred combined. Can we act a little more mature? Oh, after being tormented by a little brat like you for 3 years, can't we celebrate a little now? True. After all, having a genius headed for Shanghai University in the family is definitely cause for celebration. You little punk. After a round of playful bickering, the air in the room settled and Gone retreated to his own bedroom. The class group chat was already blowing up. His classmates were frantically discussing their scores, debating which universities they could get into and which majors they'd choose. After these past few days of settling in, the bittersweet emotions of graduation had mostly faded. Everyone was ready to sprint toward their own distant horizons. The chat was filled with a flurry of well-wishes and congratulations. Guushi Wedding's name flashed in his notifications, but Gong didn't even have the urge to click it. He stared at Wuan's avatar on his phone, typed out a few words, then silently deleted them. Sigh. He must have spent too little time with her in his past life. He lay back on his bed staring at the ceiling. He felt like he was living out two lifetimes at once. So exhausted that even getting into Shanghai University didn't feel like much of a victory. And here he was agonizing over nothing. He sat up on the edge of the bed and lit a cigarette, letting the smoke shroud his face. This cigarette? Why is it so harsh? What kind of trash brand is this? Oh, right. Still Huang Shan. He pushed the window open, feeling the cool breeze from outside. Maybe it wasn't the cigarette that was the problem. Chapter 45. A parting gift. For a time, life suddenly felt as if all hope had vanished, or as if he were bracing for a day he dreaded to see arrive. While at the studio, Jon could just barely maintain a facade of calm. But the moment he returned home, he became solitary and silent, a mirror of his past life, where he had achieved professional success, only to find himself utterly alone. He would often sit on the balcony, chain smoking one cigarette after another. That spot used to be old G's private sanctuary. Now, it had been userked by Gi Foam as his parents, Dong Kaiwi and Ji Guanguan couldn't help but notice that something was wrong with their son. Hey, old Gi, doesn't little Fong seem off lately? Is he troubled by something? He had so much drive before, but ever since he got into Shanghai University, he's been completely wilted. You're only noticing this now? Ji Guanguan retorted with exaggerated disbelief. What's that supposed to mean? If you saw it, why didn't you say something sooner? What's the matter with him? Based on his posture, his expression, and the amount he's been smoking, my expert analysis says he's been dumped. No sooner had Ji Guanguan finished speaking than he realized his mistake. He caught sight of Dong Kaiwi rolling up her sleeves. Oh, you're quite the expert on heartbreak, aren't you? Come on, tell me all about the times you've had your heart broken. What are you doing? We're talking about our son here. Fine, then you analyze what's actually going on. I guess he didn't get into the same school as the girl he likes. Didn't get into the same school? Didn't Guuetting get into Shanghai University, too? Dong Kaiwi was as gossipy as they came. She knew of the history between Jongo and Guushi wedding. But when Jongo later claimed he was done chasing her and wanted to focus on his studies, she hadn't pride further, fearing she might upset him. You're so dense. Little Fo clearly doesn't like that Guushi wedding girl anymore. Doesn't like the goo girl then? Who does he like? Remember when our son said someone was tutoring him? A real whiz? I remember. So Ji Guanguan didn't answer immediately. He lit a cigarette himself, putting on an expression of worldly wisdom. I teased him back then. Asked if he liked the girl. The brat didn't give me a straight answer, just said she was Chinwa peeking material and not his type of crowd. Tsk tsk. Look at that tone. He clearly knew he had no chance and now he's miserable because of it. Dongqai nodded slightly, finding the logic sound. Should I go talk to him? Talk to him. Don't be ridiculous. The more you talk, the more you remind him of his pain. He's a man. He has to digest this on his own. Dong Kaiwi pursed her lips, looking at their big son with pity. My poor boy. He finally cut ties with Guushi wedding only to fall into another hole. "A boy needs a bit of hardship," Ji Guanchuan added, puffing on his own smoke. Jiong had no idea he was being cast as a tragic romantic lead in his parents' eyes. In reality, he couldn't even put a name to his own feelings. Once a specific date was marked on the calendar, time began to slip away with terrifying speed. To some, 20 days is a blink of an eye. July 15th arrived, payday for commissions. Today, Giongo was distracted while when Wuan, by contrast, was full of energy and purpose. She bustled about handling the studios affairs with meticulous care. But Gong knew there was no need for such urgency. She was leaving. The total A commissions are 900,000 and the B commissions are 1.21 million. As he listened to Wuan's report, Jong drifted into a days. His distraction was eventually cut short by her voice. Jong, is something on your mind? No. Jiangs expression remained cool and detached. His voice unreadable, though there was an underlying tension, he couldn't quite mask. When Nuan stared at him for a long moment before breaking into a bright smile, "I'm not coming in tomorrow. Here, this is for you." Jong looked at the item in her hand and nearly lost his composure. It was a poker themed Zippo lighter she had bought long ago, the one she'd only used once to light his cigarette. A lighter? Thanks. The act of giving it felt like a final farewell. I'm the one who should be thanking you, G. Foam. I won't be attending the celebration today. You guys have fun. I'll walk you out. No need. The studio can't run without you then. All right. Gone was unusually silent as if he had been transported back to the night of his graduation party. Under his heavy wordless gaze, Wuan left the studio alone. He used the Zippo to light a cigarette and stepped to the doorway, watching her retreating figure, inhaling deeply. Without Wan, everything suddenly tasted like ash. As the sun dipped below the horizon, only a lonely silhouette and a sigh remained. Back in the office, Dodding and the other guys were crowded around the window, whispering. Did the boss have a fight with Director Win? Don't know. Director One is so great. Why doesn't boss make a move? Damn it. It's killing me. Exactly. If boss were still chasing after Guushi wedding, I'd keep my mouth shut. But if he doesn't go after director 1, I'm going to have to talk behind his back. What? Director 1? Isn't that the sister-in-law? Most of the people in Jiang studio were former troublemakers. At the very least, the original crew was. In their eyes, Wuan was one of their own. Someone who had built this business up alongside them. She was capable, beautiful, followed the rules, and was always fair with rewards and punishments without any unnecessary drama. To the likes of Dodding, she was the perfect candidate for a sister-in-law. She was dimensions ahead of Guushi wedding because they respected Win so much. Once they sensed trouble between her and Giong, they couldn't help but worry about the future. In the hearts of these brothers when Nuan's position was already solidified. Guushi wedding. Who the hell is that? Seeing Jong return Ding crept up to him. Boss, where's the director? She's heading to Beijing. Boss, even if she's going to Beijing, you need to have it out with her. Imagine if she starts seeing someone else ends up in another man's arms. Doesn't that drive you crazy? You're acting so cowardly. Is this even the Gong I know? Gone paused, stunned. When one in another man's arms, he wasn't the type to tolerate such a thing. And the thought was, "Holy shit." Genuinely infuriating. "I'm going to go talk to her." Gone grabbed his white helmet, straddled his Ghostfire scooter, and sent a text before speeding off. "Where are you?" Getting no reply, Gone gunned the engine, and roared out of the studio, ignoring the stairs of his crew. The scooter tore through the streets, moving significantly faster than his usual grandpa speed. He was in a rush, though he couldn't quite say what he was rushing toward. With a sharp screech of the brakes, the scooter skidded to a halt at the entrance of the urban village. He dismounted and checked his phone. Still no reply from when Juan A sinking feeling took hold of him. Relying on his memory, he sprinted to her front door and pounded on the iron gate. Asterisk bang bang bang asterisk creek. It wasn't when opened the door, but a neighbor. An old woman 60 or 70 years old peered out. Young man, why are you knocking so hard, so noisy? They've already moved out. Gone froze. Moved out. Chapter 46. diverging paths. At the exact moment Jiong knocked on the door, Wuan was already leading Wong Yakin into the train station, a regular old-fashioned station. It wasn't that Wuan couldn't afford a high-speed rail ticket. It was just that in 2012, Pearl City's highspeed rail terminal was still under construction. There were no high-speed trains here, only the old school greenskin slow trains, the kind that ran on express or local schedules. In all her 18 years, this was the first time when Nuan had stepped foot in such a massive transport hub. It was July and the heat in the waiting room was beyond description. Wong Yakin was physically frail and the stifling summer humidity combined with the stale, heavy air took an even greater toll on her. When Nuan's original plan had been to rent a wheelchair at the station to let her mother rest. But seeing the current chaos, she realized that if her mother were in a wheelchair, they would never make it through the crowd. Wuan ran daily to stay fit. So her physical stamina was genuinely good. But dragging a sick mother along with bags of luggage through this sweltering heat was a different beast entirely. She was dripping with sweat as they squeezed toward the train. During peak hours, boarding a green-skinned train was arguably more harrowing than Tokyo subways at rush hour. Her phone had rung several times in her bag. She had heard it, but she simply had no time to check it. It was a sea of people, a crushing, suffocating crush as everyone scrambled for seats. From the waiting room to their carriage, when one dared not relax for a single second. Sweat had long since soaked her hair and her clothes were plastered to her back, feeling incredibly uncomfortable. Once they finally stepped into the train, forget about any notion of fragrant sweat, in a carriage packed with people in the summer, the stench of stinking feet, body odor, instant noodles, and the wafting urine from the toilets between cars all melded into a singular, indescribable old factory nightmare. Many people say that if you've sat through a fully loaded green skin train, you truly understand the reality of society's bottom rung. That might be a bit of an overstatement, but it held a grain of truth. Finding their seats and sitting down, when Juan finally let out a long breath, she took her phone from her bag, her gaze trembling ever so slightly. Where are you now? Seeing the message, a storm of emotions surged within her. There was so much she wanted to say to Gone. But looking at the screen, she silently suppressed those thoughts. She didn't want to rely on others for everything. Not even when it came to him. She had already received so much from Goam. Help, tolerance, and encouragement. Ever since that graduation party, someone as sensitive as her had naturally sensed his restraint and inner conflict. Wu one knew that she was the one putting him in a difficult position. She had spent her whole life being timid and lowborn. But this time, she would choose to be brave and strong. I'm on the train. When one typed calmly, she would never become one of those little sweet potatoes who falls apart and makes a scene the moment there's a flicker of relationship drama. Since she had made this choice, she would take responsibility for it. She was when and she intended to be the person who stood by Ji Fangs side. She took a deep breath quickly studying her emotions. After hitting send, she turned to her mother. Mom, are you hot? Little Muan, I'm fine. Then get some rest. Mm. In truth, no one found the recent weeks more unbelievable than Wong Yakin. In just 3 months, her daughter seemed to have transformed everything. They had rented a place in the city, improved their standard of living, and even taken steps toward a heart surgery they had never dared to consider before. Her daughter had single-handedly arranged it all, propping up this entire family. Even now, Wong Yakin felt like she was living in a surreal dream. But she no longer dared to question her daughter. Little Muan, if we leave like this, what about your work? Will it be affected? When Nuan cared about money, but Wong Yakin cared even more. The poorer you were, the better you understood the weight of gold. They had suffered for years. And now that when Nuan had a high-paying job, Wong Yakan didn't want her own illness to jeopardize her daughter's career, especially during the summer break. Don't worry, Mom. I've already given instructions to my team. Besides, I'll be working on my laptop and phone once we reach Ganling. Everything is on the internet now. It'll be fine. Hearing her daughter's calm and professional tone, Wong Yakin felt a sense of estrangement. Given instructions to them, not him, but them. It was said so casually, so naturally, it was the confidence and composure of a leader speaking to subordinates. Wong Yakan had seen people like this before, but they were always middle-aged, pot-bellied executives. Had her daughter become a leader like that? It felt abstract and absurd. Yet, it was the only explanation. Little Nuan, you're really capable now. When Nuan suddenly put down her phone, stopping the data entry she was working on, and thought about her mother's words for a moment. Was she capable? Perhaps. At least that's what people like Dodding said. She just didn't know if she would still be as outstanding once she reached university. I'm probably more capable than the average person, but there are people far more capable than me. From Wong Yakins perspective, her daughter's earnest and confident look was a total departure from the past. Had this change begun with that boy Jong? Are you talking about your classmate Jong? When Wong closed her eyes and took a shallow breath. Yes, Mom. Between you two, Wong Yaken hesitated with the power dynamic in the family shifted. Some things were no longer hers to control. When Juan naturally knew what her mother was thinking, but she remained indifferent. No, we aren't a couple. I see. Looking at the train as it slowly began to pull away. When Nuan understood that her detachment wasn't abandonment, it was conviction. It was knowing what she wanted and what she was chasing. But I'm going to work hard. Wong Yakin, huh? Back in the urban village, Jiong stared blankly at the text message he had just received. Earlier, when the neighbor Granny told him that when Nuan's family had moved out, he had sensed something was off. He vaguely remembered it was his own suggestion that when Nuan move into the city center, saying it was closer to the hospital and easier to take care of her mother. Huh. Gone let out a self-deprecating laugh. They were both adults. There was no room for melodrama in an adults farewell. Acting like this just made him look overly sentimental. Understood. Safe travels. After replying, Jiong put his phone away and walked back to the intersection of the urban village. The old man selling radishes was still there. Though today's radishes didn't look as fresh as before. Young man, want to take a look at these radishes? Jiong didn't say anything, but glancing at the sign that read three for 5 yuan, he couldn't help but smile. He pulled out tenuan and bought six. The old man was in a good mood and started chatting. Young man, how come I haven't seen that pretty girlfriend of yours? Did you two have a fight? Jong naturally knew who the old man was talking about. No, she's gone. She was here waiting for you for a long time the other day. A girl like that definitely has feelings for you. Such a pretty girl. Go and sweet talk her a bit. Waiting for a long time. Hearing the rattish seller say this, Gone was struck silent once more. Old man, he murmured. If the direction is wrong, no matter how hard you run, you'll never catch up. Chapter 47. Studio Split. Young man, are you planning to take the post-graduate entrance exam? You talk like you're reading from a textbook. Old man, I'm just joking. After patronizing the old man stall once more, Giong headed back toward the studio, lugging 50 yuan worth of radishes. The radishes were sweet. He'd bring them back for the guys to have a taste. When Nuan was gone, and lingering in Pearl City any longer served no purpose. The next stop, Shanghai. In Jiang studio, everyone was present except for when Juan what should have been the usual payday gathering had unexpectedly turned into a partner's meeting. Asterisk clap clap clap asterisk. With a few claps, Gone drew everyone's attention to himself. Brothers, our current revenue has hit a bottleneck. Due to personal reasons and the growth of the studio, I've decided to relocate our operations to Shanghai. If anyone has any opinions or suggestions, feel free to speak up. The floor is yours. Relocating the studio to Shanghai. Isn't that a bit much? Before the veterans like Dodding could say a word, some of the newer members immediately began questioning Ji Fangs proposal. These newcomers weren't particularly close to Jong. Dodding was the field manager and when Juan was the studio director. Jong rarely made a move after the initial phase, so naturally the new recruits knew very little about him. Some even went so far as to think of him as an incompetent, decorative boss. Most of these people were relatives or friends of the core crew or outside hires. They weren't inner circle. They were just people you could sort of trust. They had come to the studio purely to make money. A far cry from the loyalty of someone like Dodding. Asking them to follow him to a strange city like Shanghai to grind out a living was to them asking too much. Jon wasn't surprised that some voiced their doubts. In fact, there were fewer skeptics than he'd anticipated. At the very least, Dodo Ding and his core group had kept their mouths shut. What exactly is the issue? Could you elaborate? Seeing Ji Fangs gentle expression, not a hint of anger in sight, the newcomers grew bolder. Boss, do we really have to go to Shanghai? Can't we just stay in Pearl City? We're already making good money here. Pulling up roots and leaving home just doesn't feel right. The man didn't continue, but someone beside him picked up the slack. Yeah, boss. Isn't this just internet business? It should be the same no matter where we work. Exactly. The cost of living in Shanghai is high, and the commute is a nightmare. Making 20,000 here makes us kings. But in Shanghai, 20,000 isn't enough to get by. Jiong listened to their excuses, nodding while mentally noting down their names. Slacking off, lacking drive, lacking ambition, none of that was inherently a crime. But in the early stages of a startup, when you're out there breaking new ground, members who lack drive or worse, spread negative energy, had to be cleared out. If the studio wanted to evolve into a full-fledged corporation, a purge was inevitable. If he showed the kindness of a fool, these people would be the ones holding him back the moment the company started to take off. From an employes perspective, they weren't wrong. But Gone, like most entrepreneurs, couldn't afford to lose. After noting the troublemakers, Gone parted his thin lips. There are many reasons for moving to Shanghai. First and foremost, it's a personal matter. I've been admitted to Shanghai University, so I'll be moving there to study anyway. Second, there's the issue of the free shipping zone. Pearl City isn't one, but Shanghai is. That matters. Furthermore, Shanghai is the economic heart of China. The talent and resources there are far beyond what a small city like Pearl City can offer. For these reasons, to ensure our future, I've decided to relocate. If you have any other questions, fire away. Since everyone is here, I'll answer them all at once. Jiangs stance was clear. The move was non-negotiable. There was nothing left to discuss. No one else spoke up, but the eye contact between the members became frequent and frantic. Jiong understood. They were checking the room. They wanted to see how the others felt. following the wind like most people do. But Jiong wasn't about to play games today. He pointed directly at Dodding Ding. Dodding Ding, what do you think? Dodding Ding was a street kid who preferred brawling to hitting the books, but that didn't mean he was stupid. With the boss putting him on the spot, the manager had to show where he stood. Dodding put a hand to the back of his neck, cracked it with a sharp pop, and grinned. Does anyone really need to question Fongi's ability? As long as Fongi is still running the show, I'm following him. Dodding Dings words were like a depth charge dropped into the water, instantly waking many of them up, especially the original crew who had followed Gone from the start, right? Did they really need to question his ability? They had made a lot of money in the last few months. While they hadn't exactly been blinded by greed, everyone's perspective had shifted slightly. But shifts aside, some realized that everything they had now was because of Jong. Jong himself was worth the gamble. Ding Ji is right. Wherever Fong Gi goes, I'm there. Same here. Plus, I can check out the girls in Shanghai. True. Made a decent stack these past few months. About time I saw the world. Ah, you rascal. Gi watched the expressions of his brothers and gave a slight nod. It was clear the studio had already formed clicks. Those who would leave and those who would stay, there was no middle ground. Burning bridges, not a chance. That wasn't the move of a businessman. To Gome, even if these people stay behind, they could still generate revenue for the studio. As long as they kept processing orders, they were still making him money. Why stir up trouble? How much could rent or electricity cost anyway? Gone stood up with a smile and took a sip of water. His relaxed demeanor significantly lightened the tension in the room. Don't worry everyone, I'm not forcing anyone to split ways. It's great for those willing to grind in Shanghai. You don't need to worry about a thing. I'll handle the train tickets and housing. As for those who prefer to stay, you can keep working from the studio here. Our work is all on the internet. Every task can be relayed through Q and Wechathat. Look at director 1. She's already gone, but she's still sent over your product selections for tomorrow. It doesn't affect the workflow at all, right? So, don't stress. A new city might offer new growth, but that doesn't mean those who stay won't do well. Choose for yourselves. Those who stayed wouldn't necessarily fail. That much wasn't a lie. Once in Shanghai, Jiong certainly wouldn't be sharing his new techniques with them. These members would eventually drift into being solo operators. In his past life, some solo talca could peak at around 100,000, maybe more in high season, but that was the ceiling. For a group currently pulling in 20,000 to 30,000, that sounded great. But how many elite solo players were there? Very few, even fewer than highle promoters. Their discipline, efficiency, and attitude were light years beyond what this lock could muster. And even with extreme selfdiscipline, a solo player couldn't beat a team. There was no way around it. An individual's capacity was limited. Once he broke down the workflow and utilized big data, it would be a total crushing dominance over any lone wolf. Chapter 48. Off to Shanghai. In my previous life, individual tala operators were essentially finished once the market matured. The profits were long ago carved up and swallowed by the big teams. Beyond that, Jiong understood human nature all too well. He knew exactly what would happen to the studio members if they were left unsupervised. It was only because he, Wuan, and Dod Ding were there cracking the whip that these people stayed in line. Without someone to keep them under control, the studio would turn into a cesspool within 3 days. Showing up late and leaving early would be a given, and productivity and efficiency would undoubtedly crater. Moreover, without intervention or management, individual operators would prioritize easy, high commission junk over high-quality products. They were obsessed with quick cash and lack the skill to cure it quality, leading to a death spiral of product variety. The technique and methodology for product selection were something only G foam and when one truly understood. It wasn't that he didn't trust Dodding. But after trying to teach him from the very beginning, he realized Dodding Ding was simply a lost cause. The true value of quality products wasn't about the immediate profit. It was about keeping the customers and fans happy. These products often carried low commissions and lower margins like 30 pairs of socks for 6.9 yuan or running shoes for 29 yuan. When a customer managed to snag one, they felt like they'd won the lottery. They genuinely felt the value. Once the customer was satisfied, trust was built. Conversely, without those quality picks, the product selection would degrade. The fans would become disgruntled, and they'd eventually turn their backs, leave the groups, and stop buying altogether. The entire revenue stream would spiral into the abyss. He'd seen it happen too many times. Sadly, Jon wasn't about to explain all of this to the studio. People wouldn't necessarily believe him, and some might even think he was just trying to scare them. Besides, he was leaving for Shanghai anyway. No point in playing the killjoy who stands in the way of their get-richqu fantasies. That's just how people are. Gi Fangs requirements were simple. Let's part on good terms. All right, stay or go. Write your names down so I can get the tickets sorted for the boys. With that, Jung drew go and stay on the whiteboard. Seeing the choice laid out, Dodding was the first one up, he scribbled his name under the go to Shanghai column. Slowly, the studio began to divide. Nine people chose to go. 13 chose to stay. Relatively few were willing to leave their hometowns and follow Gone into the unknown. There was no helping that, but having nine people was a decent start. Good for those nine joining me in Shanghai, go home and talk to your parents. Get your documents and luggage ready. We leave for Shanghai in 3 days. That's soon. Time waits for no man. 3 days slipped by in a flash. At the entrance of the Pearl City train station, all nine people were accounted for. To be honest, Gone was genuinely surprised that they hadn't wavered despite the gossip from the others who stayed behind or the pressure from their parents. These guys were solid, truly reliable. Staring at the group, Gone laughed half- mockingly. "Damn it, I'm actually stunned your parents let you hooligans come follow me to mess around." He kept that signature rascally tone. Hearing him, the nine guys immediately started laughing and joking. It's because you helped us make real money, brother phone. A couple of wash outs like us making 100,000 in 3 months. My mom almost thought I'd turn to armed robbery. Yeah, brother foam. My parents don't trust me, but they sure as hell trust you. My old man said it, too. He said, "You've got the real touch." And told me I should go out and make something of myself with you. The guys all echoed similar sentiments. In truth, this was exactly why Gongo had started the studio in the first place. As long as you have a leader they believe in, a bunch of noobs are worth far more than a group of experts you can't rely on. Brotherhood is a strong foundation, but to get them to follow you into the fire, you have to win over their parents. How do you win them over? It's simple. Money. Let their parents see the cash, see the way you generate income, and see the capability of the leader. They'll naturally put their faith in you. Working at a studio is undeniably better than wasting away in an internet cafe playing games all day. Especially when you're pulling in tens of thousands a month. As for his ability, that was never a question. Just like that big shot said in his previous life, "If the wind is strong enough, even a pig can fly." That might not be an absolute truth, but it's at least half right. Jiongo, as a reincarnated soul, was that very wind. He was certain he could take them to the stratosphere. Standing in the waiting hall with his nine companions, Jono gave the slightly anxious you final pep talk. "All right, brothers, enough talk. You've followed me, Goam, for long enough to know how I operate. I won't let you down. Pearl City is small potatoes. The real life of luxury is waiting for us out there. Whatever you say, brother Foam. With that boost of morale, Gone led his nine men onto the train to Shanghai. The next day, Gingo two hospital cardiac ward when stared blankly at her phone. The studio has split. I've taken Dodding and the other nine to Shanghai. A simple sentence, yet it made Winch fist. The studio is in its early stages. They really need people to help out, don't they? Shanghai wasn't like Pearl City. It wasn't just a small blip on the map. Shanghai was massive. Renting a place, getting computers, setting up a dorm, all of that would take a staggering amount of energy. If she were there, she could definitely help Gone with all those logistics. But unfortunately, she couldn't do a thing. All she could do was, "I'll handle the audits, product selection, and statistics for the next few days. Focus on what you need to do." Okay. Emoji. Seeing the single emoji reply, when one knew he must be swamped, she closed Q and turned her focus back to screening baby and maternity products. The only thing she could do now was ensure his work in the rear was handled perfectly and hold the line for those who had stayed behind in Pearl City. Bed 26. Wong Yakin, is she here? As she was lost in thought, several department heads and specialists flanked by a failance of nurses and doctors walked into the room. Wong Yakin panicked at the sight of such an entourage and instinctively looked toward her daughter. Wan, however, remained composed, nodding at the lead doctor. Yes, that's Wyakin. Are there any other family members present? Just me. The doctor looked Wan over and nodded. Come with me. Wan followed the chief physician out while the rest of the team began the final preop examinations on Wong Yakin. Outside the door, the doctor's voice turned grave. Heart valve surgery isn't without risk, though it's not the most dangerous. The risk is closely tied to the patients overall health, specifically their heart and lung function. If her blood pressure and blood sugar are kept within normal ranges and her heart lung function is stable, the success rate is very high. Doctor, just give it to me straight. When one interrupted, your mother is quite weak. It's been dragged out too long. I know. When bowed her head, can you make the final call on the surgery? Do it. My mom can't wait any longer. When Juan's gaze was resolute, she had already made this decision long ago. The doctor nodded in response. Good. When the family is that firm, it makes it easier for us to do our jobs. We'll schedule your mother's surgery for 10:00 a.m. tomorrow morning. Understood, Win replied, her voice steady. Chapter 49. Promises for rent. 9:45 a.m. The following day, with a crowd of medical staff in tow, Wuan gripped Wong Yakins palm as they headed toward the operating room via the specialized surgical elevator. Wong Yakin looked at her daughter with a complex expression as if she wanted to say something, but the words died in her throat. when Nuan rubbed the back of her mother's hand, offering a firm, reassuring look in return. "Don't worry, Mom. Everything is going to be fine." Wong Yaken nodded, slowly, loosening her grip on her daughter's fingers as she was wheeled into the operating room when watched as her mother disappeared behind the theater doors. Was she nervous? Terrified? She was entirely on her own. She didn't know who to lean on, didn't know who to vent to. If the surgery failed, she might not even have a soul to cry to. No, there was one person. With trembling fingers, she pulled out her phone. After a long moment of hesitation, she clicked on Jings profile and sent a single line. Good luck. A moment later, the reply came through. Yeah, good luck. Seeing that message, the tension in Wuan's chest eased just a fraction. She pressed the phone against her heart, Shanghai. Jiong stared at Wuan's Q message. Good luck. Her message felt a bit out of the blue. Good luck with what? Finding an apartment. Though he didn't quite understand what she was getting at, Jiong followed his principle of always answering messages. Yeah, good luck. After hitting send, Jong led his group toward a small commercial district near Shanghai University. He was dressed in a casual suit, sporting sunglasses, and a deliberately grown out soft stubble. This look was a necessity. In this world, if you don't look the part, you don't get things done. At 18, he simply didn't carry the natural weight of authority. That wasn't just talk. It was the truth. Every businessman sizes you up the moment you walk in. There are no exceptions. At least Gong had never met one. Youth is synonymous with inexperience, and those slick, oily merchants would instinctively try to step all over you. That was just the way of the market. Even more so in a trading hub like Shanghai. Jiong had the wit to deal with them, but he didn't have the time or energy to waste on it. For every day his studio remained stalled, he lost out on 10 to 20,000 in revenue and progress. He couldn't afford to drag his feet. Efficiency was everything. Inside a small diner at the entrance of the commercial district, Goam, having not yet found a permanent base, began delegating tasks. Doing take two guys and go buy computers in bulk. Build desktops. Budget around 5,000, including monitors, the kind that can handle gaming. Go buy them now. And if any issues pop up on site, call me. Got it, brother. Phone. Datu. You take some people to the furniture factory for desks and chairs. Get sturdy once. Used is fine. Also, help me pick up a money tree and find a statue of the god of wealth. Understood, Xiaoi, you go by bedding sets and daily necessities. Maybe grab a few extra spares, right? With his lackeyis dispatched, Jong began wandering around the old commercial district. He spent the entire afternoon walking until he finally found a block of older buildings. This was the oldest neighborhood closest to Shanghai University. Rent here was significantly cheaper than in the CBD. With his current resources, he couldn't afford the city center, so this aging commercial zone was perfect. The building was five stories tall. The first floor held storefronts. The second was a food court. The third was office space. And the fourth and fifth floors were apartments. The apartments could house his brothers. The third floor would serve as their office. And when they were exhausted, they could just head downstairs for food. For his studio, it was the perfect ecosystem. Jong knew these older areas were bound to have properties for rent or transfer. He just didn't know if anything suitable was available. He wanted to scout the location himself. It was cheaper that way. If he couldn't find anything, he'd have to hire an agent. The group finished checking out the first floor and moved to the food court on the second. Being an old district, the food stalls here were mostly patronized by locals. Even if the prices were higher than in Pearl City, by Shanghai standards, it was quite affordable. Let's keep going up. They moved to the third floor. The office in the first room by the stairs was up for rent. A quick glance down the hallway showed that at least four or five units had premises for rent signs posted. whether they were truly prosperous units. Gone didn't know, but there were certainly plenty of vacancies. It was obvious. The food court on the second floor did decent business, but the third floor offices weren't attracting much interest. A halfdecent company wouldn't touch this place. The building didn't even have a passenger elevator, only a freight lift. This situation actually made Goam quite happy. He didn't have high standards for the studios environment. Since they were an internet startup, they could rough it in the beginning. As for working from home, Gone would never allow it. Anyone who had worked a real job knew that environment could easily change a person. As long as you were in a communal workspace, you'd naturally feel the pressure of competition and motivation. That competition, combined with a few rules, kept the loafing to a minimum and ensured the company remained competitive. But if they worked from home, within 3 months, they'd all turn into slackers. Work from home was out of the question. No matter what, he needed to find them a place to report for duty. Giong didn't distrust his brothers. He just didn't trust human nature. He went door to door asking around. The office area was already dilapidated and there weren't many people left. Even so, the rent started at 2 yuan per square meter per day and some people even quoted him three. That meant a base rate of 60 to 90 yuan per square meter plus a 15 yuan property management fee for the old district. The baseline cost was at least 80 yuan per square meter. Renting a 200 m office would cost 16,000 to 20,000 a month in rent alone excluding utilities. That was 8 to 10 times the cost in Pearl City. There was no way around it. This was just how Shanghai was. Take it or leave it. This time, Jung didn't plan to have his studio members split the costs. He intended to pay for the lease himself as part of the setup for the official company. Luckily, the cash flow from his affiliate marketing business was substantial. Converting traffic into sales was the ultimate cash cow. After a few months of accumulation, he had saved enough money to cover the initial investment. Brother Phone, the rent here is terrifying. Should we look for something cheaper? Yeah. Do we really want to rent this place? It's a dump. Shut it. The CBD is over 200 a square meter and this is only 60. This is Shanghai. Where are you going to find anything cheaper? After quietly reprimanding his man, Gone walked into an office that actually looked reasonably well decorated. Many items had been left behind. Printers were scattered on the floor. The wall-mounted TV had been smashed to pieces, and no one had bothered to clean up the files littering the ground. Good. It was clearly an office with a story. A man in his 40s or 50s was in the middle of sticking a premises for rent sign up. Jong walked straight over, offered him a cigarette, and went straight to the point. Hello, I'd like to ask what the rent is around here. Mukuay smiled as he took the cigarette. He looked Gong up and down, not rushing to answer. Is this your first time renting? Gone didn't show his hand. I've been checking out several areas over the last few days. I just want to compare. Chapter 50. Goam. Actually, I Mukuay gave a slight nod. He could tell the person before him was very young. But the heavy concealing clothing made it difficult to judge his exact age. As for the two accompanying him, just kids. Young man, do you have any specific requirements for the office size? Nothing too strict. Somewhere between 200 to 300 m will do. Giong took a drag of his cigarette, his demeanor relaxed. Mukuay smiled in return. Well, that's a coincidence. I happen to have something perfect. 248 m. Whether it's a coincidence or not depends on the price. I've looked at quite a few places around here these past few days. I came to the old town today just to see what the absolute floor price is. Oh, and I'm surname G. How should I address you, boss? The name's Moo. Moo as in bathing. All right, boss Moo. Throw me a number. Let's see if we can make this work. Mukuay pondered for a moment. After that brief verbal sparring, the guy had been airtight. He'd revealed almost nothing of substance. Should he lowball him or name a high price and negotiate down on the spot? Tell you what, boss G. 248 m, property fees included. I won't kill you with the price. 22,000. Gone played along, pulling out his phone to tap at the calculator. Mental math was exhausting, and if he messed it up, he'd be the one taking a bath. No need for that. Watching Gone pull out a calculator right in front of him. Mukuay felt a bit speechless. A businessman who didn't care about keeping up appearances, this guy was going to be a handful. Boss Mu, 22,000 comes out to 89 yuan per square meter. Your property management fee is 15 for this part of the city. That's not exactly cheap. Boss G, you've seen it yourself. I just had a tenant move out. It was a stock trading firm. The renovation is honestly top tier. Tile flooring, everything. You'd save a fortune on fixing the place up. Mukuay wasn't lying. That was exactly why Gone was still willing to talk despite the 89 yuan price tag. As an experienced businessman, he actually loved office spaces with a history. I know what you mean, Boss Mu, but you're the landlord. You should know better than me what kind of business those stock firms run. Even if we ignore the risk of angry clients showing up to throw paint or [ __ ] around, even if we assume none of that happens, 89 is still steep. Look, the bathroom is tiny and there's a broken window pain. The two sidekicks stared dumbfounded as Gi Foam picked the place apart. To pure sheltered boys like them, haggling was as agonizing as a funeral. Jangs performance was nothing short of abstract art. Still, they knew he was negotiating, so they kept their mouths shut. It wasn't until Jong finished nitpicking that he finally said 22,000 is genuinely outside my budget. Give me your rock bottom price, boss Mu. Giong was applying serious pressure. Mukuay stayed silent, his expression obscured by a cloud of smoke. A long time passed before he finally spoke. 21,000 20,000. I only need a 1-month renovation period. If you're good with that, I'll transfer a full year's rent right now. Opening his mouth meant retreating. Gi just wanted to push him further back. Jiang's assertiveness made Mukuay feel uneasy. Yet the terms offered were undeniably tempting. For a landlord, rent that comes easy and a seamless transition between tenants are worth their weight in gold. If a space sits empty for a year or two, you're not making money, even if you can charge 30,000 later. As for the lumpsum payment, that's pure cash flow. Many old school firms love to drag their feet on rent. It was rare to find someone like Gone willing to pay a full year upfront. That's 240,000 right there, plus only a month of renovation time. This kid style was aggressively efficient. Fine. You're a straightforward guy, boss G, so I won't waste words. 20,000 it is. I like dealing with direct people like you, Boss Mo. There's a printer right here. Let's get the contract signed. Deal. The conversation flowed easily from there, and the ice was well and truly broken. The contract was finalized on the spot, and before meal time, Gong swiped his card, tacking on an extra two days of grace. The efficiency was staggering. By evening, Mukuay insisted on taking Giong out to dinner. Jiong understood the subtext. Mukuay wanted to probe and find out what they were actually doing. In truth, many people who rent office space start out legit, only for things to go sideways later, like that previous stock firm. The waters in that industry were murkier than hell. Cut someone with a white blade and you'll pull it out red. That kind of thing. Mukuay was genuinely worried that Gone might be getting into something illegal, especially given his age. Young people were full of drive, reckless, and prone to blowing things up. I can't refuse such a generous offer, Boss Mo. It would be rude of me to keep playing koi. Good. We'll have a proper drink tonight. Between conversations, Jong took a moment to pull out his phone to message Wuan, only to realize he'd missed a notification. Everything is getting better. Jiong scratched his head. He didn't know what Wuan was doing in Beijing. What are you doing in Beijing? He typed a few words, hesitated, then deleted them, and re-entered. Yeah, everything is getting better. Gling no to hospital family of Wong Yakin right yes that's me the surgery was successful but the patient hasn't cleared the danger zone yet her body is extremely frail so please make sure she's well cared for during this time understood doctor thank you doctor when gently squeezed her mother's hand her perpetually tense expression finally softening for a brief moment she returned to the bedside bustling about to attend to her mother it wasn't until dusk that she finally pulled out her phone to check Ji Fangs message. Yeah, everything is getting better. A ripple of joy fluttered in when's heart. Her mother was her only tether. She couldn't let go, couldn't give up. Only by ensuring her mother was secure, could she finally earn the right to stand under the sun and pursue the life she truly wanted. She wanted to share this with Jongo. Jiong, actually, I didn't go to Chinua Peeking Shia Wan. Shia Wan. Wong Yakins voice interrupted her typing. Wu one leaned over quickly. Mom, I'm here. Shia Wan, these past few years have been so hard on you. When Juan glanced at her phone and silently deleted the text, "It's all right, Mom. Everything will get better." Her mother's surgery was a success. Jiong had found a perfect office. Everything was trending in the right direction. The courage she had mustered slowly evaporated, leaving a dull ache in her chest. But that was okay. When school started, everything would get better. Three rounds of drinks in, the relationship between Giong and Mukuay had warmed considerably. Men at a dinner table are like that. A few glasses down and they're already brothers. You're not a local, boss. G. No, I'm from Pearl City. Not a local yet. You're grinding it out in Shanghai. Your family must have some serious capital. Gone waved a hand dismissively. Not at all. Just a regular family. They don't even know I'm doing this. I came to Shanghai for school, started a side gig, made some money, and decided to move the studio here. Hearing this, the cigarette in Mu Koa's hand trembled. Family doesn't know. Still in school? Started a company with side hustle money? asterisk hat. You think I'm buying that asterisk? You're a real joker, boss G. I'm not joking. I'm spending this month here overseeing the studios direction. I have to report to school at the end of next month. Report to school. You're really just a student. Chapter 51. Watching Mu Kuaya's deflated expression, Goam felt a flicker of vanity, being satisfied. You wanted the money. I wanted the clout. The deal was done. Nobody walked away empty-handed. G Foam offered a shy, modest smile, finally projecting the image of a proper student. I'm a student first and foremost. I only do this on the side, but the more humble he acted, the more surreal it felt to muk away. If you're just a student, then who the hell was haggling with me all morning? Straight out of high school? Yep. We were in such a rush to get here. My admission letter is still in my bag. As he said this, Gone reached over, grabbed his backpack, and unzipped it. He gave the landlord a quick peek at the letter. Shanghai University Gone. Mukuay took a silent swig of his drink. He had been planning to brag about his own daughter getting into Shanghai University, but looking at the situation now, how could he possibly bring that up? Damn, you're actually a student. Honest to God, Mukuay rolled his tongue against his lower jaw. If you're a student, you shouldn't be calling me brother. You should be calling me uncle, huh? Fair enough, Uncle Kuay. Mukuay thought he'd gain the upper hand, but Jiong didn't care. He just rolled with it and adopted the title immediately. You're a clever kid. I'll give you that. Ah, it's mostly luck. Mukuay shook his head. Luck. Winning the lottery is luck. Managing rhythm, efficiency, execution, and these kinds of social maneuvers. That isn't something you can write off as luck. Luck is just a fairy tale to feed the poor. Anyway, I've got things to do this afternoon. Let's add each other on WeChat and we can chat there if anything comes up. Sure, I'll scan you. After adding each other, Mukuay stood up to settle the bill. Sorry, sir, but the gentleman over there has already paid. Mukuay blinked, pretending to be annoyed. Hey now, kid. We agreed I treat you. Uncle Kuay already gave me such a huge break on the rent. If I let you pay for this, I'd be an ungrateful brat. Go on, get to work. I'm busy, too. If you keep chatting me up, I'm going to fall behind. All right. All right. Fair enough. Next time. Next time. Dinner is on me. I'll introduce you to my daughter then. She's at Shanghai University, too. You guys are schoolmates. Such a coincidence. That would be great. Uncle Kuay. After sending Mukuay off, Jiong leaned back in his chair and let out a soft sigh of relief. Shaolu, go get me a green tea. You got it, boss. Leaning against the chair, Jiangs face remained cool, betraying none of the excitement he might have felt. To him, getting this all done was merely standard procedure. If he hadn't pulled it off, that would have been the problem. Glug, glug, glug. After downing the tea, he felt better. He didn't actually enjoy this kind of social posturing, but he had no choice. Everyone wants to make money while standing tall, but many people don't realize that you have to be able to make the money first before the standing tall part has any meaning. Otherwise, you're just standing there like a clown for everyone else to laugh at. Gone was still small time, and this kind of socializing was inevitable. Fortunately, the landlord, Mukuay, seemed like a decent guy, not the type to be a headache. That alone made Gone breathe a little easier. Money acted as the ultimate grease. With Gone pushing hard, the studios efficiency was pushed to the limit. With their execution fully dialed in, they had most of the computers and equipment set up by the end of the day. He also leased five more apartments on the fourth and fifth floors. Jiong had no intention of treating his brothers poorly. If you're going to grind out here, you deserve the best setup, both for living and for working. Besides, he could stay there himself, at least until school started. As for cleaning, he hired an hourly maid to come by every 10 days. It couldn't be helped. They were all young guys. If they had to manage it themselves, the place would turn into a pigsty. Jone didn't want his brothers living like slobs, though. As for self-discipline, that was something that would have to be cultivated over time. A few quiet days passed. Gone was standing in the doorway of the office hanging wallpaper. His brothers had lost a few days, and with everyone waiting on their next paycheck, they needed to go all in on traffic and sales. Now, as for the grunt work, only he, the boss, could handle that. Halfway through the papering, Jung suddenly noticed two girls around his own age walking in. He froze. Wait, who are these two? Did someone hire new staff? Nobody told him. Hey, hold on. Who are you two? The girls turned around. The one on the left was passibly attractive, but the one on the right was somewhat tall, causing Gone to linger on her for a moment longer than he intended. She was wearing a bright yellow dress, her shoulder length hair falling perfectly straight. Her bright eyes looked like two sparkling gemstones, radiating a sense of self asssurance. She had slender arms and porcelain white skin. Unfortunately, the counter hit her legs, so he couldn't judge her form. She gave off the vibe of a blooming flower full of confidence and light, a style completely different from WinS. Mu Wancho edged closer to Leongi, avoiding Jiangs gaze. Plenty of classmates obled her, but Ji Fangs stare felt too direct, lacking the subtlety of her peers. Leongwei also noticed where Gi Foam was looking. She didn't even get a second of his attention while he'd been staring at Muanio for over 3 seconds. The nerve of this guy. Don't you think it's a bit rude to stare at a girl like that? Generally speaking, girls aren't so aggressive toward handsome guys. Goam was definitely attractive, but his current attire was a bit of a mess. Because he was painting and wallpapering, he was wearing a ratty jacket covered in paint splashes and jeans with holes in them. Not the intentional fashion kind, but actual ripped to hell holes. His eyebrows and the hair on his forehead were dusted with white plaster, and he was still wearing a face mask, making it impossible to see his full face. He looked every bit like a typical day laborer, the last thing one would associate with a college student. Taken aback by Leon Weis comment, Jiong realized his gaze had been a bit inappropriate, he hopped down from the scaffolding and pulled off his mask, nodding at the two of them. Though the skin under the mask was flushed from the heat, his refined, sharp features still made both girls hesitate for a split second. Apologies, that was my fault. Jiong apologized with complete sincerity. However, Leangi raised an eyebrow. She didn't seem ready to drop the subject. I've got a good-looking guy in front of me. Why not chat him up? Just as she was about to speak, Muanchio, knowing her friend's personality all too well, quickly blocked her. It's fine. We were the ones who barged in unexpectedly, Muanio said with a slight nod. Gi took off his canvas gloves and asked, "So, is there something I can help you with? If it's business, you can tell me. I work here." Mu Wano frowned, seemingly hesitant about whether Go was in a position of authority. But since he had spoken up and no one else in the office had challenged him, she went straight to the point. I'm the landlord. I'm here to give you the water and electricity cards. With that, Muanio took two cards out of her bag and handed them to Jiong, the landlord. Mukuay's daughter. Chapter 52. What an overconfident girl. Are you related to Boss Mu? Jiong asked tentatively. I'm his daughter. I see. My apologies. Thank you. He reached out and took the card with both hands, maintaining a careful distance to avoid any contact. His gloves were far too dirty. Jiong didn't mention Shanghai University, nor did he mention that he was a student or even an alumnest since he had no intention of building a deeper connection. There was no point in trying to curry favor. It was better to keep his distance and avoid any potential awkwardness down the road. If Mukawi happened to tell her that they were alumni later, he could deal with it then. Don't mention it. Just remember to pay the utilities before the 28th of every month or you might face a power or water cut off. Understood. Thanks. Mu Wancho had originally wanted to see what this new studio was up to, but with G phone blocking the entrance, she felt a bit out of place. If it had been her father, Mu Kuay, he likely would have barged in to take a look. But as a girl, she was a bit more reserved and didn't have the nerve to ask. Well, if you don't have any other questions, I'll be heading off. All right, take care. As they walked away, Leongi began to whisper. Hey, Wio, that decorator guy is so handsome. Are you obsessed again? It's not obsession. I'm just stating facts. Don't you think he's good-looking? Mu Wano frowned slightly, thinking back to the guys in her class. Compared to them, Jiong was on an entirely different level. He's handsome, I suppose. Too bad he's just a decorator. Sigh. We're probably not from the same world. No chance there. Mu Wancho didn't like judging people based on their professions. Saying everyone is equal might be a stretch, but her education and upbringing made her unwilling to look down on others. There's nothing wrong with being a decorator. At least he's working hard to make a living. Oh, look at you sticking up for the handsome guy. You're unbelievable. In truth, Muancho was a bit frustrated. She felt she'd been dismissed before she could achieve her goal. Oh well, she'd take another look next time. Gi foam, still applying wallpaper at the entrance, had heard every word. They hadn't exactly been whispering. Looking at the wallpaper and the roller in his hands, he shrugged. True enough, this decorator is working hard at life. By the afternoon, he was done with the wallpaper, the paint, and the cleaning. Having spent the whole day on manual labor, Gone left his brothers in the studio while he headed back to his apartment to shower. There was no helping it. Manual labor left you filthy. He walked to room 409, opened the door, and stepped into the bathroom to wash away the exhaustion of the day. Being a boss and an errand boy all at once was exhausting work. After his shower, Jiong stood naked in front of the mirror. Consistent training had given him a great physique, though he was still a bit lean. A leader needs to look the part, even in front of his own men. He planned to give them a little lecture or a brainwashing session that evening. To that end, he put on a sharp black shirt, a pair of summer crop trousers, and a Casio watch worth about a thousand yuan. Jiang's sense of style had never let him down. The outfit wasn't expensive, but it radiated authority. He looked like a completely different person compared to the decorator he'd been that morning. After slicking back his hair with a bit of gel, he pushed the door open and stepped out, stuffing his work clothes into a bag to be tossed away. As he walked toward the stairwell, the door to room 407 swung open. The girl from that morning wearing a bright yellow dress emerged carrying a heavy bag of trash. Mu Wano froze the moment she saw Goam asterisk. This guy, is that the decorator from this morning? He looks like a completely different person. asterisk. Fine. She had to admit he was more than a little handsome. But then, huh? Whether it was because she was distracted by seeing Goam or simply because the bag was too heavy, she lost her balance. Her knee hit the floor. The plastic bag ripped and trash spilled everywhere. Gi frowned but didn't say a word. He stepped forward and held out his sleeve. He didn't offer a hand because that would be too forward and he made it a point to keep his distance from all girls. Thanks. Muano steadied herself using his sleeve to stand up. You okay? Yeah, I'm fine. There was no dramatic soap opera moment where her leg was suddenly broken. However, the bag was torn which was a nuisance. Gong scanned the trash, mostly beverage bottles, courier bags, boxes, and some discarded socks and underwear. Were they moving out? He silently gathered the trash into a pile and under Mu Wanchio's surprised gaze took the torn bag from her. With quick practiced movements, he tied off the hole and cinched the corners to secure the mess. There, let's just carry it over together. With Goam so close, the usually composed Mu Wancho felt her face flush. Oh, right, thanks. The two held the corners of the bag and hauled the trash over to the bin by the stairwell. Once finished, Jiong dusted off his hands and prepared to leave without a word. Just as he turned to head downstairs, Muancho stopped him again. "Hey, wait a second. Do you live here? Is that not obvious?" Jong turned, feeling that the girl was becoming quite tedious. "If she weren't the landlord's daughter, "Yeah, why? Then add me on Q. Add you on Q just because I live here? Aren't you a bit too full of yourself? Why?" Ji Fangs voice was colder than before. No, I don't mean anything by it. I just want to thank you. No need. Hey, wait. What now? Gone was losing his patience. Don't be so impatient. And you haven't paid the rent for this month, have you? Add me on WeChat. We usually collect on the first, so I can notify you then, and I might be able to give you a discount. Gone. This wasn't an office building. They had found the apartment through an agency. What was she playing at? What an overconfident girl. Or is she just a good sister who likes giving discounts? asterisk. After a second of contemplation, Jiong pulled out his phone. "Fine, I'll add you." Seeing the stunned look on Ji Fangs face, a smile finally tugged at the corners of Mu Wano's mouth. "Yeah, go ahead." Lan Lady 4 has added you as a friend. Start chatting now. Jung glanced at the name and raised an eyebrow. He then looked back toward her room and couldn't help but ask, "Are 407 and 409 also Boss Moo's properties?" Mu Wancho shook her head. "They're mine, not my dad's. He only has a few office units on the third floor. My family bought the fourth and fifth floors entirely and they were transferred to me later. I'm usually too lazy to manage them, so I leave some to an agency. The fourth and fifth floors bought the whole thing. This is Shanghai. Jon quickly did the math and his brain nearly fried. Even in the old districts awaiting demolition, the price for that much property was terrifying. I see. Facing Jiangs shock, Muanio, who had been so awkward earlier, finally smiled with poise and grace. I'm Muanchio, thanks for just now. Don't mention it. I'm G. Fong. Anything else you need help with? No, since it's around this time, how about I treat you to a meal? No need. Mu Wo froze. The option of being flatly rejected by a man had never even crossed her mind. Oh, all right then. Jiong turned and headed downstairs. Mu Wancho followed silently behind him. Her pretty brows were knitted together and she bit her lip, muttering to herself. He's just really cold. Chapter 53. The land lady to be. As the two reached the second floor, Jong suddenly turned back, clearly puzzled as to why Mu Wanio was still following him. Eyes met, and Mu Wanio, usually the social butterfly, suddenly found herself at a loss for words. Afraid that Jon would think she was stalking him, she hurriedly waved her hands to explain, "I'm not following you. I'm just here to grab a bite." "Oh, me too. Wo, over here." Leon waved from not far away. Coming. Hoping to escape the awkwardness, Muano quickened her pace and brushed past Jong. She felt her behavior today was embarrassingly clumsy. Gi, however, didn't think much of it. As far as he was concerned, as long as he didn't feel awkward, it was someone else's problem. The moment she reached her friend, Leongwei couldn't help but let out a mischievous giggle. So, why were you walking down with the renovation hottie? Wow, the way he's dressed today. Total heartthrob. He's a god tier man. Stop fangirling. He's just a tenant in my apartment. And honestly, he seems like the type who keeps strict boundaries. A cold, aesthetic god tier man. Even better, he is pretty aloof, that's for sure. Gi found a pork knuckle rice shop and sat down, a two-table gap between him and Mu Wanios group. He pulled out his phone when Juan was already at the top of his messages. Are you there? A faint smile tugged at the corner of Jiangs mouth. If it were workrelated, when would have just blurted it out. Sending a message like that meant she wanted to chat but didn't know what to say. At that thought, his expression softened. I'm here. Did you eat dinner? Jiong took a photo of his meal and sent it over. Just sat down having pork knuckle rice today. Photo. How about you? Not yet. Just got to the cafeteria. Gone paused. The cafeteria. Did she move into the university dorms already? It never even crossed his mind that she might be referring to the hospital. How have you been feeling lately? Quite good. Getting better everyday. Smiley face. That's good. There's still some time before school starts, so don't push yourself too hard at work. You've got plenty of time. Maybe you can get your driver's license while you're at it. Okay. Their conversations were always like this, fizzling out as quickly as they started when one really didn't know how to chat. As for Goam, he didn't want to talk any flirtatious nonsense in front of her, especially now that they were separated by distance. Yet, even so, this simple exchange was enough to melt his cold exterior, making him feel as though he were bathing in a spring breeze. At the next table, Leong Wei and Mu Wano had been watching him the whole time, and their expressions were complicated. Leong Wei poked her friend. Hey, Wancho. Isn't he supposed to be cold and aesthetic? Look how gentle he looks right now. Mu Wancho bit her lip again at a loss for words. That evening, Mu Wancho returned to her apartment on the fifth floor by the stairwell. After collapsing onto the sofa to catch her breath, she prepared to shower. Suddenly, her phone buzzed. A message from her father, Mukuay. So, realize being a land lady isn't exactly a walk in the park yet. Yeah, doing the cleaning myself is pretty exhausting. I ran into an interesting kid a few days ago who came to rent a place. He's an alumnest of yours, a freshman, and I even had a drink with him. A freshman alumnist? Which unit? He rented an office space, the one that used to deal with stocks, and says he's doing e-commerce. Hearing this, Mu Wancho froze. The drama with that stock company had been huge, so she remembered it clearly. But more importantly, that renovation guy, Gongo, wasn't he the one who took that space? Thinking back to how Gongo had looked earlier that afternoon, Mu Wanio couldn't be certain. It couldn't be that coincidental, could it? What's his name? Gone. I'm mostly worried because I don't know what they're up to. Don't want a repeat of that stock disaster. He says he's doing e-commerce, but who knows what that actually entails. They're just a bunch of students. Keep an eye on them for me while you're there. It really was him. Her brief encounter with Gone that day had left quite an impression, but she never expected him to be an alumnist. She just didn't know what his major was. Got it. I will. I'll keep an eye on them. On the other side, Gome, having finished brainwashing his brothers, was already back in the apartment. Just as he lay down, he received a WeChat message. WeChat wasn't exactly booming among students yet in 2012. It lacked most features, including red envelopes and transfers. Those didn't become common until 2014. Because of that, Gong didn't have many contacts, so he assumed it was workrelated. Landlady 4, is this G foam? Amu want you. Rent is due on the 1st and payments must cover at least 3 months. Get everything ready by then. No need for you to deal with the agency anymore. Sure. So at 3,000, that's 180,000 for the year, right? Muio currently typing to G foam froze. A year 180,000. You rented five units. Yeah. Mu Wancho sat stunned for a long time. This alumnus, he wasn't running a pyramid scheme, was he? Running a pyramid scheme in Shanghai. The overhead seemed a bit high for that. Can I come by tomorrow to see your studio? I want to understand what kind of work you're actually doing. Renovations are going on the next few days. Come in 3 days. Okay, I'll be there in 3 days. Mu Wano gripped her phone, a look of grim determination on her face. On the fourth day, after the finishing touches on the renovation, Jiong set up the God of Wealth statue and gave it a respectful bow. Finally, he could collapse into his chair. They hadn't partitioned off a separate office for him yet. So, he was forced to hunker down on the far side of the workspace. Since he was waiting for the land lady, Muanchio, he didn't bother starting any actual work. He decided to take the day off and kill some time with the game. 40 minutes later, faced with a defeat screen, Gone was hammering his keyboard. How is this on me? That makes no sense. Our support is a [ __ ] [ __ ] engaging randomly. Don't blame me. Lower rank, lower responsibility. I'm the lowest rank, so I'm not taking the fall for this loss. locked. Gone was usually a composed, unflapable person. But when it came to gaming, he simply couldn't keep his cool. That last play really wasn't your fault, though. The sudden voice made Gone jump. He turned around to see Mu Wanchio dressed in a crisp white shirt and jeans. The land lady knows games. I'm a hardcore gamer, you know, Mu Wanio said with a confident smirk. Jiong didn't dignify that with an answer. Actually, I'm pretty trash at this. Here to look around. Mu Wancho smiled. Her earlier impression of him had been that he was cold and aloof. She hadn't expected to see this side of him. My dad told me you guys are in e-commerce. Seeing her inquisitive gaze, Jiong knew exactly what she was digging for. In a way, though, it's a bit different from traditional e-commerce. It's complex to explain, but you can rest assured everything we're doing is perfectly legal. I didn't mean it like that. Jong offered a polite, practiced smile and said nothing. Every landlord feared tenants running illegal operations. There was no need to dodge the topic and Goam wasn't worried. If you want to have a look around, feel free. All right, then. Mu Wancho scanned the others working in the room. Everyone was busy. The rhythmic clacking of keyboards filled the space. Compared to them, Gongo looked remarkably idle. They seem quite busy. Don't you need to do any of that? Nah. Gome shrugged. I just handle the grunt work around here. Chapter 54. The day before registration. Just a lackey. Mu Wano felt an itch of discomfort. Her father had told her that Gone was a young man with a silver tongue, slick, ambitious, and calculating. Yet, he seemed to have absolutely no interest in engaging with her. It was starting to dent her confidence. Seeing the conversation stall, Mu Wanio decided to change the subject. Mind if I look around inside? Be my guest? Jone gave a casual nod and Muano began to wander through the studio. She caught sight of the accounts run by the studio members, the ones posing as empathetic older sisters, and her expression flickered with surprise. So, these chicken soup for the soul posts, you guys are the ones turnurning them out. That's right. I see. She continued her rounds, watching the team process orders and engage in chats. The entire workflow on the whole, it was solid. Circling back, Muano clased her hands in front of her. Jong, I heard you're a student at Shanghai University, too, a freshman. Jiong knew Mu Kuay must have spilled the beans. There was no point in hiding it, so he simply nodded. Yeah, that's right. What a coincidence. We're alumni then. I'm in business administration. How about you? Computer science. So, you're running this startup on your own? You could say that to start a business before even beginning your freshman year and have it actually succeed. That's impressive. Gone chuckled. It's just a side project. Hardly worth comparing to your family's business. He wasn't just being humble. He knew it was the truth. Property in this old business district wasn't cheap. Tens of thousands per square meter. And Muano owned two entire floors in her own name. That was rockolid, tangible wealth. Hearing this, Muancho waved her hands dismissively. That's different. My grandfather bought most of these and my dad bought a few more. It has nothing to do with me. You built all of this yourself. That's way more impressive than anything I've done. It involved a fair bit of luck. The two of them kept up the small talk. For the most part, Muanio did the talking while Goam offered polite, peruncter responses. The subtle, invisible wall between them left Mu Wanchio feeling rather stifled. Are you free for lunch, Goam? Let me treat you to something downstairs. Jiong looked at her expectant expression, his face as calm as a frozen pond. He gestured toward the gang of Os behind him. I need to look after my brothers. Mu Wancho didn't take offense at his refusal. Instead, she beamed. That's fine. Why don't everyone go together? At noon, with Mu Wancho footing the bill, the studio members skipped the takeout. They all piled into a small stir fry joint on the second floor. The tables only seated four, so they split into three separate ones. Ji Foam, Dodding, and Mu Wancho sat together. As the local expert, Mu Wancho ordered a feast. Of course, all three tables got the same spread. She wasn't stupid enough to give Ji Foam special treatment in front of everyone. When the food arrived, Muano noticed the hulking guy across from her staring at her with genuine hostility. It wasn't until Jongo shot him a warning glare that he looked away. Dodding felt agrieved after the rebuke, but then he caught sight of a beer advertisement nearby and his eyes lit up. Brother Foam, we've been grinding for days. How about a few beers at lunch? Jiong had originally meant to decline, but he reconsidered. There wasn't any real reason to say no. Today was supposed to be his day off. Having a drink to unwind wouldn't hurt. Fine, order some. Seeing Jong agree, Dodding Dings mouth quirked into a grin, and he turned to Muanio. Hey, pretty lady, do you drink? Being asked about her drinking habits by a rough mountain of a man made Mu Wano instinctively nervous, but she caught Ji Fangs gaze and stealed herself. A little, but I can't hold much. No worries, just a casual drink. No pressure, right, brother Fong? Mm. Seeing Ji Fong affirm it, Dodo Ding nearly split his face with a grin. It was just as he thought. He was different. Jiong only cared about when Nuan drinking. He'd shut that down in a heartbeat. But other girls, just background characters. Jiangs indifferent, breezy attitude didn't change in the slightest. Huh. The position of the first lady remains untouchable. The probe was a success. Dodding felt like a genius. In truth, Jiong hadn't even thought twice about it. His mindset was simple. What does it matter to me if you drink? He had unwittingly played right into Dodding Dings little scheme. As the dishes came out, Jiong and Dodding Ding wasted no time devouring the food and washing it down with beer. They were busy people. They were used to eating fast. Compared to them, Muano was far more refined. She didn't eat slowly, but she was deliberate, taking only the occasional sip of beer. She wasn't a drinker, and she found the taste worse than soda. The alcohol went to her head quickly and her cheeks were soon flushed to rosy pink. After a few minutes of intense eating, the group slowed down and the conversation began to flow. Are these all your classmates? Not all of them, Jamo replied with a slight shake of his head. We're all Brother Fangs underlings, Ding piped up. We follow him, so we came out here with him. Mu Wancho was slightly takenback. Asterisk underlings miles from home. Wouldn't their families be against this? asterisk G foam. You really are something else. Having so many like-minded companions. You bet. Back at Pearl City, no. One high school, brother Foam was basically the king of the campus. Goam, if you don't know how to talk, keep your trap shut before you get a cramp. Oh. Watching the 6' plus doding act so meek in front of Goam. Muanchos curiosity toward this aloof classmate only deepened. After the meal, Gongo nodded at Muancho. We're done. Thanks for the treat. Well get you back next time. It's nothing really. You've signed a year-long lease. We'll have plenty of time to get to know each other. Mu Wancho offered a sweet smile. She was right. They were landlord and tenant and now schoolmates. Their paths were bound to cross for a long time to come. Are you all heading back to work? Yeah, I'm going back up, too. I live on the fifth floor. Jung met her gaze for a few seconds, then finally broke his silence. I'll walk you up. Okay. Mu Wio's lips curled into a smile. When they reached the fifth floor, Jono reverted to his usual state. No contact, no conversation. Failing to get him to initiate a real chat, Muancho bit her lip. But just as she opened her door, she asked, "Go, are you free tomorrow?" "No. What about the day after? I'm going to be busy for a while." "I see. Well, can we at least exchange Q? I only use WeChat to talk to my dad and the others." "Sure. Autumn Sunset has added you as a friend." Thud. The door clicked shut. In the dim hallway, Mu Wancho felt a flicker of irritation. She leaned against the wall, pouting with frustration. unsure if she was annoyed at him or struggling with some other inexplicable emotion. She had never been this proactive before, yet Go was like a block of wood. Asterisk conf There's always tomorrow. asterisk In the days that followed, Goam ran into Mu Wancho almost every single day. Go, what a coincidence. Go, want to grab a bite? Goam, the trash on the top floor is so heavy. Could you give me a hand? Sometimes he would see her clearing out apartments on the fourth or fifth floor. Other times he'd see her haggling with tenants on the third. Every so often he'd spot her by the dumpsters, arguing with the janitorial staff. Life in an old business district meant there was always trouble with the property management. She appeared in his periphery constantly greeting him with a smile, occasionally chatting him up at night. She even joined him and the boys for dinner from time to time. They took turns treating each other and slowly they became more familiar. Even when Gone went to get his driver's license, he managed to run into her there too. What a coincidence. This series of encounters between the landlord and her tenant continued for over a month and tomorrow was the final day of freshman registration. Chapter 55 Business Administration when one early morning just outside the old business district. For once the sky was overcast, sparing the air from its usual sweltering intensity. A gentle breeze filtered through the trees, sweeping across the lawn and softy caressing every leaf. The fresh morning air was thick with the scent of spider liies. In this tranquil atmosphere, Goam stood alone by the greenery, quietly savoring the pleasant morning. After over a month of frantic activity, the studio had finally stabilized. It was time to report to school. A glance at the time on his phone, and Gone decided to take the subway. He'd been too busy lately to really get a feel for the commute around his studio. He figured he should use this chance to familiarize himself with the route. Gi, a girl's call, interrupted his thoughts. He turned to see Muanio standing on the street corner, waving at him. She'd flatly refused her father's 760 earlier that morning. She was dressed in a golden yellow athletic set that radiated youthful vitality. Gi, meanwhile, had shed his usual sharp professional air for casual white attire, looking far more reserved, just like an ordinary university student. Mu Wancho walked up to him, looking him up and down. His change in attire wasn't the only thing. While Jong usually carried the aura of a high-powered boss, his gaze was noticeably softer today. You look different today, Gongo. Campus life isn't the corporate world. There's no need to be so uptight. Let's go. Taking the subway? Yeah. They entered the station, bought tickets, and boarded. Once inside the carriage, Gong immediately felt the crushing weight of the Shanghai morning commute. Beyond the usual sea of office workers, the train was packed with students heading to Shanghai University for registration. Their station had been relatively manageable, but by the second stop, the crowd swelled significantly. Jone caught a glimpse of Mu Wanchio, who was being squeezed in the middle of the throng, looking visibly uncomfortable. In a crush like this, it was hard to tell if the guys around them were being unintentional or predatory. Seeing this, Jon reached out and gripped her arm. "Come over here." Muio was clearly stunned. They'd known each other for over a month, and he had never initiated physical contact like this. Her first thought, however, was, "Damn right, coming to school together was the right choice. Okay, stand right here." Oh. Goam pulled her into the corner by the doors and placed one hand on the railing in front of her, effectively creating a barrier with his own body. It gave her some breathing room, and nobody else in the packed car could say a word. They stood close, neither speaking. Mu Wancho tilted her head up to look at him, her eyes sparkling. The ride was rather monotonous. It remained unchanged all the way to their destination. There was no sudden slam of the brakes that might have sent Gongo stumbling into her arms, followed by a gentle apology. None of the cliches she'd hoped for. Still, Muano didn't mind. During the ride, she'd managed to subtly brush against him a few times. He There's plenty of time for that later. At the gates of Shanghai University, the striking duo of Jong and Mu Wano naturally drew plenty of attention. In a place like university, gossip about campus heartthrobs is never in short supply, and Mu Wano was easily a department beauty tier stunner. As they reached the freshman orientation area, swarmed by upperassmen, Jiong started to raise his hand, but Mu Wancho spoke first. Let's go report separately, shall we? We can get in touch once we finish settling into the dorms. Sure. Hearing his agreement, Mu Wanchio let out a sigh of relief. She'd been terrified that Ji Foam would speak first. Based on her experience with him over the last month, if he opened his mouth, it would likely be a curt goodbye before he turned and walked away. By taking the lead, she'd ensured there was room for maneuver. Since she'd suggested checking in later, he certainly wouldn't say, "I won't be contacting you." asterisk, "I didn't score over 600 points for nothing. I'm a genius. asterisk Mu Wano bid him farewell with a satisfied smile and the two headed off toward their respective orientation zones. Computer science was a large department. Jong barely had a search for it. Hey, I'm Jong here to report. The upperassman at the desk extended a hand. I'm Xiwi, your senior. Come on over this way. Registration and enrollment formalities were completed and Jong followed the map gave him navigating the sprawling campus. Shanghai University was massive, a maze of winding paths. It took him a long time to finally locate dorm building 12. His room was 205. Because he'd checked in so late, his three roommates were already there. As he walked in, all eyes turned to him. Damn, brother. Today is literally the last day. You really cut it close, didn't you? Yeah. Had some things to take care of at home. Got here a bit late. I'm Jeang Chow from Jinqing. Man, you're so good-looking. You've already disqualified me from being the campus heartthrob of the room. Jeang Xiao seemed chatty, about 1.75 meters tall, neither fat nor thin. Hi, I'm Zhao Han from Northern Shandong. Zhaoi Han looked very tall. People from Northern Shandong seemed to grow that way. Jone was 1.81 m, but Zhao was even taller. Named Suing from Shiuan. Suing wasn't tall, barely over 1.7 m, but he was decked out in minor designer labels and sporting a tag Hoyer watch worth over 10,000 yuan. He looked well off. Jiong surveyed the room and offered a shy, friendly smile, waving to his new roommates. Nice to meet you all. I'm Jong from Pearl City. Jiangs performance was spot-on. He looked exactly like an earnest, hard-working student, watching the guys before him, his future roommates. Ji Fangs eyes crinkled with a warm, gentle smile. Looks like we're going to get along just fine. Back at the school gate at the business administration orientation booth, Leangi was busy chatting away with Muano. Jo, how come you got here so late? Mu Wanios eyes flickered slightly, but she told her best friend the truth. Gi was really busy, so it dragged on until the last day. Leong Wei tilted her head with an exaggerated expression and stuck her tongue out. "Oh, the handyman turned into Goam." "Well, did you land him yet? I don't know what you're talking about. You didn't? Tsk, has our campus queen lost her touch? Let me see. That can't be right. You're as pretty as ever. Look at that waist. Look at that chest. Look at Halfway through the sentence, Leong. We suddenly stopped. Muanchio, still blushing from her friend's teasing, was puzzled by the silence, then noticed Leong Weis fixed gaze. Following her gaze, Muanios pupils contracted slightly. A girl with a slim frame and an explosive statuesque physique was walking toward the business administration booth. She wore an all black form-fitting dress, her jellyfish cut hair tied loosely to one side. Her profile was soft and elegant with a high bridge of the nose and thin, straight lips that curved into a look of indifference. Her long eyelashes trembled slightly, and her gaze, tinged with a hint of melancholy, made one want to reach out, touch her face, and pull her into an embrace. Yet, the coldness between her brows kept everyone at a distance. The profile was virtually flawless, cool, sharp, and alluring. The girl gave Muano a strange sense of deja vu. She looked remarkably like Gone. Chuchio, that girl, she's gorgeous. Yeah, even the usually confident Mu Wano couldn't help but nod. The girl in the black dress pulled out her admission letter. Business administration Wan. Chapter 56. Sounds like a long story. The girl's name was Win. Yet everyone around her felt the icy distance in her tone. That keep out aura was far more palpable than that of your average girl. Back in high school, Wuan had been the same way. Withdrawn, cold, and averse to social interaction. But back then, that self-imposed isolation was a mask for the deep-seated insecurity born of poverty and a broken home. Now, however, with her mother's successful surgery and her own academic and professional life and everything else, firmly on the right track, the dead weight of that insecurity was gone. She had stepped into a new confidence. Insecurity plus coldness just makes you a pushover, a weakling. But confidence plus coldness, that makes you a powerhouse. It commands respect and earns you the label of chili goddess. That was what Go had taught her. The seniors handling the registration finally snapped out of their days and picked up her files. Holy [ __ ] 75 out of 750. The top scorer from Pearl City, only one point off the provincial record. What kind of monster is this? Wait, with a score that high, why not go to Chinua or peeking? Who the hell knows? The chatter surrounding Wuan was far louder than it had been from Muancho. To be honest, Wuan didn't particularly care for being the center of attention, but she knew perfectly well that a score like hers would stir the pot. And she certainly wasn't about to pull some idiotic stunt like purposely bombing the test to fly under the radar. Only by standing at the top, by being the strongest, did she earn the right to choose her own path. Could you please tell me where my dorm is? All right, girls. Dorm06, room 302. Welcome to the university, Wuan. Thank you. Wan nodded in gratitude, took a shallow breath, and looked out at the campus sprawling before her. Asterisk Shanghai University. I'm here. And Jong asterisk. She walked into the campus, her silhouette slowly fading into the bustling crowd. Behind her, Yangwei poked Mu Wanio and whispered, "Damn, Kuyu. I always thought you were the pinnacle, but it looks like there's someone even higher up than you. Man, college life. There are so many beauties. She's in business administration, too. Your classmate, she's definitely going to give you a run for your money for the department beauty title. Feeling the pressure? Don't be a psycho. Who cares about that stuff?" Mu want frowned. She'd heard the senior's stunned exclamations just now when Juan had scored over 705. That was more than enough to get into Ching Hua or peeking. It was bizarre that she'd chosen Shanghai University instead. And even stranger that she'd picked business administration, a major with a relatively modest admission cutoff. Pearl City. Leong Way, let's go. Hey, hold on. Look over there. Another one just showed up. This one's pretty, too, but I don't think she's quite at your level. Mu Wancho looked in the direction Leong Wei was pointing. Gui Wedding was dragging a suitcase, striding toward the registration desk with purpose. Back at the dorm, Jono was chatting with his new roommates. Because of the way time worked, the other three had already become familiar with each other. Jong was the only noob in the mix. But Jeang Chow, the ring leader, was a gregarious guy. With just a few words, he pulled Jong into their circle, already planning to drag him out for a night of debauchery. Jong, there are 8 billion people on this planet. The fact that the four of us ended up in this room is fate. Come on, let's go out and stir up some trouble. two drinks down and from today on were practically father and son. The other two cheered in agreement. That's right, father and son. Ji foam, who had every intention of soaking in the college experience, had no objections. They walked out of the campus gate, but the nearby eeries were already packed. Jeang Xiao led the group a bit further out until they found a barbecue spot and claimed a table. Boss, a crate of Ting Dao and 200 skewers coming right up. With the beer and skewers flowing, the conversation quickly opened up. Since they'd all managed to get into Shanghai University, their grades weren't exactly shoddy, so they skipped the topic of studying, that nightmare that had plagued them for over a decade. After swapping stories about their hometowns, the conversation drifted toward the two things every college man cares about: ambition and women. I'm in computer science. My plan is to learn what I can, slack off when I can't, and once I graduate, find some tech giant to work for like a corporate slave. That's the dream. Jeang Xiao's refreshingly honest take drew a laugh from the group. He pointed at Gong. What about you, Gong? You're in CS too, right? Isn't studying hard and ambition? Studying is a load of crap, man. 12 years of primary, middle, and high school. You haven't had enough yet. A real man has to be daring. What about Joan? Me? Probably the civil service exam. My old man's pushing for it. Zero vision. Finally, all eyes turned to Suming. He adjusted his Armani watch and said, "I'm studying finance. I'll probably just take over the family business when I'm done. Ambition is a personal thing, and since they were all college students, they weren't stupid enough to debate it too deeply. The talk naturally turned to women. They hadn't met any of the girls on campus yet, so they could only speculate based on their high school classmates, who had dated, who broke up before college. These were the hot button topics. When the subject of girlfriends came up, Suming nudged his Armani frames. I've dated a few in high school, but they were all pretty average. Didn't really feel anything for any of them. I'm looking for someone a bit more stunning in college. I saw a lot of pretty freshmen today. There's definitely opportunity. He said it with that distinct air of humble bragging. The others caught on that his family was likely well off, so they didn't push him on it. Zo Han spread his hands. I've never had a girlfriend. Let's see if I can have a real serious romance in college. When the turn came to Jeang Chow, his mood visibly shifted. I only had one relationship, but how do I put it? It had its ups and downs. Jiong catching the shift poured Jeang Cha a drink. Sounds like a long story. Not that long. I was dating a senior in high school. We promised each other we'd go to Hunan University together. But then she got lucky with some exam predictions, performed way above her limit, and got into an extra quota program that got her straight into Shanghai University. After that, she dumped me. Said we weren't from the same world. That's [ __ ] up. There are some real pieces of work among the upper classmen. Jeang Chiao choked on his breath, wanting to defend her, but not knowing how to start. She She wasn't like that. Yeah, yeah, sure. Keep going. So, I told her to wait for me, that I'd definitely get into Shanghai University, too. And here I am. G Foam, a little buzzed, was genuinely shocked. Was this a classic case of The Sims comeback? Damn, man. She wasn't a villain. She was your lucky star. Eh, don't mention it. It was pretty complicated. Having said his piece, Jeang Xiao was riding an emotional wave and down a glass of beer. What about you, Jiong? You're good-looking and clearly sharp. You must have had a ton of girls chasing you in high school, right? Jong shook his head. I wasn't as popular as you'd think. I had a lot of drama in high school and a lot of people who hated my guts. Never had a girlfriend. As for college, we'll see. Among the four, Gone was objectively the most striking and his claims sounded like total nonsense. You were hated in high school. Look, G, I'm the type of guy who hates people who play the humble brag card. I suggest you tread carefully. I'm not bullshitting. It's the truth. I wasn't exactly wellliked back then, and I definitely didn't have a girl. Jiong had barely finished his sentence when a voice like a golden Oreos reached his ears. Jong, what a coincidence you're eating here, too. Chapter 57. Muanchio, the crowd-pleaser. Hearing that familiar voice, Jong knew exactly who it was. His expression stiffened, and he couldn't help but feel a flicker of resignation. Is Shanghai University not massive? How on earth did I run into her here? At this point, playing dead and refusing to acknowledge her wasn't an option. So Jiong had no choice but to look up and meet that sweet expectant gaze. Yeah, just grabbing a bite with my roommates. The three roommates glanced at the group of girls across the table, then back at Gi Fong, their expressions unreadable. So this is the guy who supposedly wasn't popular with girls in high school. Right. Right. Trying to play it cool, are we? This kid, Suing, in particular, looked visibly dazed the moment he laid eyes on Mu Wanio. She had silky, lustrous black hair, skin as fair as porcelain, and alive, graceful figure. Her face radiated the purest kind of youthful charm, and her eyes were clear, bright, and profound. There was a quiet confidence in her smile. Every movement, every smile was imbued with a gentle, flowing elegance. She was the quintessential girl from the Jang region. Compared to any girl he had known before, she was in a league of her own. She and Jong were classmates. As the boys exchanged puzzled looks, Jeang Chiao gave Jiong a discreet jab in the ribs. Hey, hey, Jon, aren't you going to introduce us? Her name is Mu Wancho. And that's it. Jong rubbed his temple. And what else? He couldn't exactly blurt out, asterisk, this is my land lady. She's insanely rich, but she follows me around like a lost puppy every single day trying to find ways to buy me breakfast, lunch, and dinner. risk. That would sound way too cocky and frankly a bit pathetic. Just as Goam fumbled for words, Muanio took the initiative to walk over. Her smile grew even wider, having heard just now that Gi Foam wasn't seeing anyone. Hi everyone, I'm Mu Wanchio from the business administration department. These are my roommates, Chio Jun, Gaou, and Naing. Hi, hello there. Suming stood up, reaching out for a handshake, but Muano definitely sidestepped him without missing a beat. Are you guys eating? Nying, do you want to join them? I ran into a friend here, so maybe. Sure, why not? I'm down. To the three boys, Mu Wancho appeared confident, radiant, and completely poised like the heroine who had just stepped out of a TV drama. Given such a direct invitation from a girl, there was no way Jeang Chow and the others would turn it down. Hell yeah. Pull up a chair. Welcome, welcome, boss. Bring out more skewers. You girls drinking? I'll pass. I'm fine with whatever. The four men and four women squeezed together at a larger table, ordered more food, and kept the beer flowing. Mu Wancho deliberately pulled a small stool right next to Goam, whispering into his ear. I let you pay yesterday, so let me treat this time. Don't worry about it. You guys arrived late and didn't eat that much. That's not fair, though. Mu Wano shifted her stool, spinning it slightly as she moved closer and closer to him. Stop pressing him like that. Look at how my roommates are staring, Jiong said, sounding truly helpless. Why would I care about them? Jiong didn't press the matter, but their intimate whispering had already been noted by the more observant members of the group, specifically Su Ming, who hadn't taken his eyes off Mu Wano all night. The sight of them together left Su Ming feeling stifled. Desperate to regain some ground, he started holding court, launching into a lecture. Personally, I think the internet bubble is going to burst within the next 2 or 3 years. He spoke with great bravado, though the logic behind his claims was, well, debatable at best. Finishing his grand speech, Sumu Ming looked toward Mu Wanio, waiting for the goddess to validate his insight. What do you think, Wano? But Mu Wanio was busy sipping her beer and giggling at something Jiong had just said, occasionally covering her mouth as she let out a strange thingy. Wo wo, someone's talking to you. Nin called out. Jiong watched as Mu Wanio continued to laugh at her own private joke, and he couldn't help but cover his face in embarrassment. He nudged her toward the table. Huh? Jolted back to reality, Muano snapped her head up, a flash of confusion crossing her eyes, but she recovered instantly. She didn't act shy, nor did she play along with Su Mings awkward conversation. She addressed him directly. Oh, sorry. I was just chatting with Jongo and didn't hear what you said. My apologies. It's impossible to hold a grudge against a goddess, so Su Ming could only wave it off with an awkward smile. No worries. I was just rambling anyway, having had a few beers. With that over, the drinking and eating resumed. Jeang Chiao raised his glass trying to lift the mood. From today on, we're all university classmates. We should definitely stay in touch. Yeah, let's keep in touch. How want to exchange Q's? In college, every student felt a newfound sense of freedom. Their social interactions were much more active and open than they had been in high school. Jeang Chao successfully grabbed the QQs of two of the girls, and even Zhao Eihan managed to get one. Suming was already chatting away happily with the three girls across from him. I definitely have a car, he boasted. I just didn't want to be too flashy by driving it here on the first day of school. He turned his gaze to Mu Wanchio. Wonio care to exchange Q's? Mu Wancho looked up and narrowed her eyes slightly. Asterisk since when are we on a firstname basis? asterisk. Nevertheless, she flashed a polite smile. No need. If you need anything, just have G phone pass the message along. He has my QQ and we chat. All right, got it. Rebuffed twice in a row. Sumings face was starting to burn. He just couldn't understand it. Besides being a bit taller and perhaps a bit better-l lookinging, Ji Fing's grades weren't even that much better. He wasn't much of a talker, didn't seem particularly charismatic. He was the definition of an extra in the background of life. Why was Mu Wanchio so obsessed with him? Jone was hitting his limit. College wasn't like high school. No one here knew his past, so there was no need to maintain the school tyrant persona. His original plan was to be as transparent as possible and keep a low profile, especially in front of his roommates. But with Mu Wancho acting like this, there goes the lowprofile plan. Suming stared at Gi Foam, brooding, finding no other way to flex his superiority, he stood up. Everyone's just about finished, right? I'll go settle the bill. Before he could move, Muano raised a hand to stop him. Oh, don't worry about it, Suing. I've already paid. When Suming heard that, he panicked. That won't do. How can we let you ladies pay? Want to talk about money? Let's see who has more. Mu Wo smiled, her expression completely natural. It's fine. I was the one who insisted on joining your table, and I'm the one who ordered the extra food. If I let you pay, wouldn't that make me a freeloader? Besides, it wouldn't be fair to make my roommates split it when I dragged them here. So, obviously, I'm paying. The logic left everyone stunned. It actually made sense. Not just Jang Xiao and Su Ming, but even Mu Wanios roommates felt a surge of genuine affection for her. After all, a girl who was reasonable, articulate, and rich was practically invincible regardless of gender. In truth, Muancho had a little calculation running in her head. She paid this time so the boys would feel too guilty not to invite them back later. Men were simple like that. They wouldn't want to feel like they owed her a favor. Especially that little rich kid who looked like he was about to burst from frustration. And when they inevitably invited them back, they'd be forced to include Goam, too. Round and round it went, and soon she'd have him. Muancho beamed at Gone. Then her smile vanished. Jiangs calm gaze seemed to pierce right through her schemes, causing Mu Wanio to silently lower her head. He took out his phone, opened Alipe, found her profile, and punched in a 500 yuan transfer. Mu Wano quickly grabbed his hand, putting on a look of such exaggerated, pathetic grievance, she looked ready to cry. No, please. Chapter 58. When Titans Clash in the shadows, whether among classmates or teachers, Muancho always projected the same confident, sunny persona. Her confidence was rooted in many things. Her family background, her academic success, her looks, her innate capabilities, and the social skills she had honed over years of being the life of the party. Yet, whenever she stood before Goam, that confidence always seemed to malfunction. She felt like a child who had been caught misbehaving. Wonio, what's wrong? And Gongo, what are you doing? Sumings voice interrupted Jongo mid transfer. The guy sounded a bit impatient, so Jong silently tucked his phone away. He picked up a skewer of grilled chicken tail, took a bite, and contemplated how to answer Sumu Ming. I told her my place was haunted. She almost cried. Mu Wancho covered her mouth, nodding in agreement. Yes, that's exactly what happened. Su Ming, that was such a half-assed lie. Did he look that gullible? No, he thought. I need to manufacture more chances for contact. It's still early. Should we go out and look around? Mu Wanos eyes lit up. This Suming guy is actually pretty sharp. She looked at Goam only to find him scratching his head again. Where to? It's so crowded out there. How about a net cafe? We can team up and play some games. A net cafe? I'm down. Let me ask the others. Mu Wano ran off to check with her roommates. They were keen on going out, but didn't want to hit a gaming lounge, so the three of them opted to wander the streets instead. All right, then. You girls go enjoy your walk. I'm going with them to game. Dragged along by necessity, Jiong ended up heading to the net cafe with his roommates and Muio. Even though he'd been playing fiveman cues with Dodo Ding and the guys every night after work, Jiangs skill level hadn't seen any significant improvement. When he saw the others open League of Legends, his heart skipped a beat. He was terrified of making a fool of himself. Just a heads up, I'm not very good at this. Don't worry about it, man. I'll carry you, Jang Xiao said, brimming with confidence. I'm going top lane. I won't feed and we'll win, Zhao Han boasted, looking equally self assured. Mu Wancho leaned in and whispered, "Go Foam, what are you going to play?" Usually at the studio, Goam would be the guy in the fifth pick position calling mid or feed, but facing his new roommates, he decided it was best to keep a low profile. I'll play support, I guess. Oh, nice. I can go AD carry. We can synergize in the bottom lane. Muo sounded perfectly natural. Gone blinked a few times. He realized the biggest difference between him and other reborn protagonists was probably that he was genuinely terrible at video games and he had to own it. Sure, in the selection screen, Muano installocked Vain. Jiong hesitated, but didn't dare pull out Mastery support. He took Trick instead, a massive concession to Mu Wio's dignity. Once the game started, Mu Wanio's voice turned cool and commanding. Goam, help me auto attack the minions. Use your potion. Don't worry about the health drop. Exhaust him right in his face. Follow up with your E. Nice. Got the kill. Goam, you're amazing. Wow. Can we do OQ every night from now on? That E stun was beautiful. Muanchio's praise had Goam blushing mostly because Traxx in S2 was a point-and-click ability. You just needed a mouse to make it work. The rest of the experience completely defied Gi Fangs expectations. Watching his February 1st 15 stats, he started to get the fleeting sensation that he was actually pretty good at this. By the time the game ended, Muano had finished with 15 kills and legendary status. The four boys in the room had their own private thoughts. At the very least, they were certain of one thing. Muancho was a total carry. They played three rounds in total. And in the other two, Muanchio went legendary with 14 kills and pulled off an epic comeback with 21 kills. Goam, you're an incredible support. I don't think I could have played this smoothly without you. Gone didn't know what to say. He was a man who knew his own limitations, but he didn't want to dampen Mu Wanchio's mood or enthusiasm. It's getting late. We should head back. Okay. Having crushed three games in a row, the five of them left the net cafe in high spirits. That was a rarity. Unlike the noisy, chattering energy from earlier, the walk back was much quieter. Mu Wanio held her own hands, perhaps in a good mood, occasionally bouncing on her toes as she walked. They reached the campus grounds before Mu Wancho finally raised her gaze, whispering, "Go, can you walk me back to my dorm?" Jono paused for a moment. "Sure." And so, under the complex gazes of his three roommates, Jiong headed toward the girl's dormatory with Muanio, Jeang Chao rubbed his chin. "Does Muano like Jong? Isn't that obvious?" "I don't think so." Suming scoffed, waving a hand as he headed straight for the stairs. A beauty like Mu Wancho was a rare commodity on campus. If she fell for a guy like Gong on the very first day, it would be absurd, especially since Jong wasn't better than him in any way. Suming didn't say it out loud, but he felt like he'd just swallowed a fly. At the girl's dorm, Jiong silently walked Mu Wanio to the entrance of building 6. This was as far as he could go. Any further would be against the rules. We're here. Thanks for walking me back, Jiong. Mu Wano suddenly reached out, grabbing Jiangs broad palm and squeezing it tightly before letting go and darting away. As she ran, she called back, "Go, you owe me a good meal next time. I know all your secrets, huh?" Gi watched her disappear into the building and sighed. He looked at the hand that had just been held. To be approached by such a gentle, beautiful, thoughtful, and generous girl. To say he felt nothing would be a total lie, but it was only a fleeting feeling miles away from a heartbeat. After working and settling into this new life, Jiong knew clearly that there was already someone in his heart. It was just that Muancho was far too good at this. She had never explicitly said she liked him, leaving him with no room to offer a cold rejection. He turned to leave in silence, failing to notice that as Mu Wano ran inside, a pair of eyes had been watching him from the shadows of the third floor of building 6. She stood behind the railing, her figure swallowed by the dim light of the corridor. It was when Juan, who had just been assigned to room 302. Encounters were always this sudden, though this one felt far from elegant. When Juan chewed her lip, her fingers clenched so tightly they turned white. She had just finished setting up her bed and wanted to step out for some fresh air. An emotion she hadn't felt before began to well up in her chest. She hadn't expected. It was stifling, irritating, and a little pathetic. She had fought so hard to make it here. Perhaps that girl just now really was wonderful. She looked gentle, beautiful, had great fashion sense, and was so forward with Goam. It was only natural that Goam would be liked by others. She could choose someone else, too. She had to stay calm. Inhale. Exhale. When Nuan took a deep breath, and as she heard the cheerful, rhythmic footsteps coming up the stairs, she slowly turned around. As if sensing something, Muio's pace up the stairs began to slow. The pitch black shadows of the hallway met the brightness of the stairwell. Their eyes locked. Chapter 59. Confessions are dangerous. The collision of light and shadow did not last long. The lights in room 302 flickered on. The illumination was hardly brilliant, yet it cast a clear glow upon Win's face. Her delicate cheek was half swallowed by shadow, while the other half remained bathed in the harsh, sterile light of the dormatory. It served only to sharpen the icy, detached look in her eyes. That piercing quality made Mu Wano stop in her tracks. Upon catching sight of the person standing at the threshold of 302, the spark of joy that had been lighting up Mu Wanios face instantly faded. She recognized her immediately. Wuan, the top scorer from Pearl City, whose arrival had caused such a stir at the school gates. She didn't know if it was just her imagination, but Mu Wanio felt an undeniable hostility radiating from the girl, despite the fact that they were complete strangers. A long, silent standoff ensued. The eloquent and social Muanio, usually never at a loss for words, found herself unable to speak. Instead, it was when Juan, a girl who never initiated anything, who, fueled by the turmoil in her heart, finally broke the silence. May I ask what is your name? Mu Wancho already knew the answer but she played along. I'm Mu Wancho. And you? When Juan didn't reply immediately hearing that name, her mind drifted. Muancho. Autumn winds sweeping fallen leaves sunset bathing the evening clouds. It was a poetic name and its owner was just as gentle. Perhaps she really was better than her. She when Juan was always so shut off. Even with Goam, she never knew what to say, never knew how to chat, and she wasn't the one by his side. It made sense that Jone would choose her. Wu one parted her lips. Her voice barely a whisper. Wu one. A lovely name. So Wan, was there something you needed? Wuan tilted her chin up slightly and Muano instinctively took a half step back. Congratulations. With that final word, Wuan retreated into her usual shell of cold indifference and turned toward the interior of 3002. Why had she even bothered to speak to her? Wuan couldn't quite explain it herself. She only knew that she felt a bitter, gnawing resentment. She wasn't Gucci wedding. Her reclusive nature made it impossible for her to start an argument with Mu Wancho. Since Jiong had made his choice, she would respect it. Besides, she would always find a way to remain within his orbit. And now that she was here in Shanghai, everything was only just beginning. Watching Wuan walk away, Mu Wano stood at the top of the stairs, her confusion mounting. Congratulations. Mu Wano turned her head, looking past the door of 3002 toward the path she and Jong had just walked. The view was clear and unobstructed. She could see the way they had come perfectly. Wuan is from Pearl City. Jiong is too. Thinking of the dejected look on Wuan's face, a wave of inexplicable unease washed over Muio. Her cheerful mood began to evaporate. Shaking her head slightly, she walked toward her own dorm. Did today count as a date with Jong? She wasn't sure. But during the time they spent gaming, their dynamic had shifted into something incredibly harmonious, and Jong had been completely receptive to her lead. asterisk, "Forget it. I'll think about it when I get inside." a asterisk. As soon as she stepped into her room, Sho Jiun began to tease her. Oh, look. Our romantic heroine from 306 has returned. Mu Wancho immediately countered her roommates's jest. What romantic heroine? I'm a paragon of loyalty. Thank you very much. Gaou and Nia joined in the chorus. Mu Wancho is so pretty, it's only natural she's popular. Even that Su Ming guy is always sniffing around her. Mu Wancho scoffed with a dismissive smirk. Uggsuming, we're not even close. That's true. After all, you only have eyes for Goam. Is it really that obvious? Mu want you frowned. Your eyes were practically glued to his face the whole time. You tell me if that's obvious. That Gone guy is pretty handsome though. Good height, too. But he seems so quiet, a bit shy, maybe. Shy, Muano thought to herself. You lot haven't seen him when he's lecturing someone. It's only the first day, Muanio. Are you already off the market? Her roommates chirped back and forth, acting as though they'd already given their seal of approval to the union. Mu Wancho had initially felt a warm, bubbling joy. But at the mention of being off the market, her excitement vanished. She knew the truth. She wasn't off the market. She wasn't even close. Over the month of their acquaintance, she could sense Ji Fangs unspoken boundaries, a polite, measured distance he maintained at all times. It was always her taking the initiative, initiating the contact, arranging the meetings, forcing the chance encounters. In reality, no one understood better than Mu Wancho that those coincidences were all of her own making. Perhaps at the start, she had been driven by a competitive streak. But somewhere along the way, she could no longer hide the truth from herself. Mu Wancho was sharp, and she was self-aware. She always knew what she was thinking and what she wanted. She was confident by nature. Yet, for all her boldness, she had never once confessed to Jamong. Because Muano understood one thing clearly. Confessing is a dangerous game. A confession is essentially granting the other person the power to reject you. Once you fail, the dynamic is poisoned. The relationship fractures, often leading to a point where even friendship is no longer possible. But if you don't confess, you can stay friends forever. This truth held regardless of gender. Spending time together, hanging out, playing games. All of it felt natural and safe within the boundaries of friendship. Mu Wanchos plan had always been to avoid the confession. Keep him as a bro. Keep finding excuses to be near him. keep accompanying him, pampering him and helping him. She had faith in herself, her looks, her wealth, her family background. Her confidence was absolute. Mu Wano felt that even if Gone were a block of ice, she would eventually melt him. That was the plan at least before she ran into Wuan. Without that encounter, she might have continued her slow, persistent erosion of his defenses until eventually things fell into place. But today had changed everything. She had seen Win Juan. She had heard her final words. Congratulations. As sharp as Mu Wanchio was, she realized the devastating implication behind those words. When Juan had seen Jiongo walk her back, she had seen Muano hold his hand. She had seen her walk away beaming, having already scheduled their next date. When Nuan had misinterpreted it all as them being an item, that was why she had offered her congratulations. When Juan had scored 75 on her exams, she was a top tier talent who could have gone anywhere. Yet, she chose Shanghai University over the elite Chinua peaking schools. There had to be a reason. With the instinct of a woman in love, Muanio felt deep down that the reason was likely Jong. When Nuan was merely operating under a misunderstanding, but how long would this illusion last until the moment when reached out to Jong directly or until they crossed paths on campus? The more Mu Wancho thought about it, the more her heart sank. She hated not being in control of the situation, especially because Jiings own attitude toward her provided not even a shred of security. There was one truth she had always known but refused to acknowledge. Ji foam didn't love her. At least not yet. If Wuan hadn't appeared, this wouldn't have been a problem. Companionship is the longest lasting confession. But Mu Wano suddenly remembered the look on Ji Fangs face when she'd first seen him messaging someone on his phone. He had looked so incredibly gentle. She picked up her phone, her thumb hovering over the screen as she began to weigh her options. Maybe. Should I test the waters? Chapter 60. The wise shun the river of love. Muancho, what's wrong with you? Hearing her roommate's concerned nudge, Mu Wancho snapped back to reality, her usual composure fractured. Oh no, nothing. She pulled out her phone and clicked on Jings profile, scrolling through his Q space and status updates. But Gone wasn't one of those sentimental teenage boys who posted deep, brooding quotes. Actually, now that she thought about it, his studio was the one churning out those emotional sound bites by the hundreds every single day. Working in that industry, he was probably sick of that saccharine dril by now. Mu Wancho hesitated for a long time, her thumbs hovering over the screen before she finally began to type. Back in the boy's dorm, Jiong hadn't been subjected to the same level of heckling as Mu Wanchio. But Jeang Chiao, the resident loudmouth, couldn't keep his trap shut. Yo, Jiong, did you and Muano finally hook up? No. Are you serious? Really? Really? Hearing the answer, Su Ming, who had been lying on his bed, suddenly sat up. Tsk, I told you it wasn't happening. You wouldn't believe me. You think it's that easy to score someone like her? Jone glanced at Su Ming. The relief on the other guy's face made him shake his head slightly. He wasn't about to spout some idiotic line about letting her go to someone else. That was incredibly disrespectful to a woman. Ignoring Su Ming, Jeang Cha leaned in close to Gi Foam, whispering conspiratorally, "Go, I swear she's into you. Don't tell me you're not into women. Cut the crap. I'm as straight as they come." Gi gave a dry laugh, finished washing up, and climbed back onto his buck. He sat for a moment deep in thought before opening Alipe and silently transferring 500 yuan to Muio. He had always felt the weight of her affection, but since she'd never explicitly declared her feelings, he couldn't exactly reject her outright. He knew she was a sharp girl. If he just blurted out, "Stay away from me. I'm not interested." It would be cruel and incredibly arrogant. As soon as the transfer went through, a notification from Mu Wancho popped up on Q. Didn't you say you were going to treat me to something fancy? I know your business model inside out. We're talking salted dragon shrimp at the very least. Who are you trying to scare with 500? Alip pay notification 500 yuan received. Goam. The notification sound from the phone was loud. Loud enough for everyone in the dorm to hear. Zhaoihan from the bunk above blinked and laughed teasing. Who's that sending you 500 bucks? Gone frowned slightly. Explaining his relationship with Muan Shio was too much of a headache. So he went with the easy answer. My mom for living expenses just 500 ft. Zoi Han sounded genuinely puzzled. Zhoi Han, shut it. Suming cut in abruptly, his glares silencing the other boy instantly. Zho Han seemed to realize he'd stepped on a landmine and went quiet. Jiong scratched his head. Asterisk, "Well, great. Now my poor kid persona is solidified for good." asterisk. He was actually surprised by Su Mings reaction. The guy had money and love to show off, but even he had enough tac to protect Jiangs dignity. Jiong certainly didn't need the money, but he appreciated the gesture. Thanks, Suming. Whatever. You're under my wing in 2005 now. Jiong smiled. Deal. He opened his Q, glanced at the pin chat with Wuan, and then switched back to Muanio. Classes are starting, and it's going to be busy. I might not have time to take you out to eat. No rush. The long road ahead is still ours to walk. Jiong stared at his phone, wondering how to make his stance perfectly clear. Muanchio, I'm not exactly a good guy. Why say that? Okay, let's try another angle. Why don't you tell me exactly what's so bad about you? Mu Wanchio's perspective was always so different from the average girl. First, I'm a heavy smoker and I've got a mountain of bad habits. Second, I only care about money. There's basically no room for anything else in my head. Third, I like being alone and my moods are erratic at best. I don't like people judging my first, interfering with my second, or breaking my third. Jung thought it over and hit send. Time passed. He figured he'd been blunt enough that she wouldn't bother replying. But then another message pinged. And what if there's someone who can tolerate your first, help grow your second, and keep you company in your third? Gi foam. Now it was his turn to be silent. He rubbed his chin, not even noticing that Jeang Chow had craned his neck to peak. Jeang Chiao didn't know Autumn Sunset was Muanio. He just saw the summer wind and Autumn Sunset usernames and assumed they were a high school couple. Ji Foam, tell me, are you going to believe this woman or are you going to believe on the reincarnation of the first emperor? Jecha's interruption broke his silence and forced a laugh out of him. "Fine, fine. I believe you." He shued Jeang Chow away and got up to smoke. Just then, Muancho sent over a video. It showed paper butterflies folded from scraps of white paper sitting on a hallway ledge. As the dim light flickered, the butterflies seemed to dance as if suddenly imbued with life. They were given life the moment they met the light. Gone frowned. It was a moving video. If he put this on a short video platform, it would probably go viral. She was undeniably artistic, but Go wanted to drag her back to reality. The butterflies aren't alive. It's just the flickering light making their wings move. My point is, the butterflies never moved. It was just the light casting shifting shadows. Some people aren't that special either. It's just the filter you put on them because you're already biased. Holding the phone, Muancho felt her hands tremble. Her eyes grew misty, but she forced herself to stay calm. Then, have you ever considered that the paper butterflies only flap their wings when they're in the light? My point is, it's exactly because of the light that the butterflies have life. Besides, what does any of this have to do with taking me to dinner? G foam. He didn't want to waste her emotions, and he didn't want to keep stringing her along in this ambiguity. He'd had plenty of situationships in the past. He didn't want another one. But Muancho was far more clever than those other women. He knew what she meant, and she knew that he knew. Their confessions and rejections were buried deep within their sentences. A fool could pretend they were just copied quotes or claim they didn't understand the subtext. Just as the saying goes, the wise shunned the river of love. Ping. A new message popped up. Seeing it was from when his pinned contact Jiangs heavy mood instantly lifted. What are you doing? The tone sounds off. Just chatting with a friend. Hey, friend. How are you feeling today? Seeing the question, Jiong felt a strange flicker of concern, but he answered honestly. I'm in a good mood today. Why? When one hadn't figured out how to ask about Mu Wanio yet, and Ji Fangs text flew in, staring at the screen, the gloom that had been gathering in her heart finally broke. Forget it, she tossed her phone aside and curled up into a pout. Chapter 61. I only ever rant to you. On the other side of the screen, Jong rested his chin on his hand, waiting silently for Wuan's reply. If it were anyone else, Jong wouldn't have had the patience to wait even 30 seconds. But since it was Winon, he made an exception. 1 minute passed. No word. 2 minutes. She's when Juan, he thought. I'll wait a bit longer. 5 minutes. Still nothing. Is something wrong? Maybe she's in the shower. Damn it. Why am I having thoughts typical of a total s? Gone felt a bit speechless. He picked up his phone and typed again. Are you in a bad mood? This time, when Juan finally replied, "As long as you're in a good mood, Gone. Right. Right." When Juan's petty little grievances were painfully obvious, she'd just checked into her dorm and she was already in a foul mood. Is it about the dorm? When Juan didn't really want to indulge him, but at the same time, she desperately wanted to keep talking to him. Does it count as being about the dorm? She supposed it did. Yeah. Seeing her confirmation, Jon pondered for a moment. He knew when Juan's personality all too well. Her long-term tendency towards social withdrawal and alienation hadn't been much of an issue back in high school. After all, everyone just went back to their own homes to their own parents. There was no need to engage in social interaction if you didn't want to. But college was a completely different ballgame. In a dorm, you are immediately locked into a permanent social circle with three roommates. Without even the most basic social skills, clashing or ending up at odds with them would make her life miserable. Given her personality, that was exactly what was likely to happen. Having spent a decade tucked away in her own shell, she basically had zero social experience. Gone tapped his fingers against the bed railing, thought for a moment, and began to type. The campus convenience store shouldn't be closed yet. Go buy some snacks, take them back to the dorm, and tell your roommates to help themselves. Why snacks? When one was confused, she didn't see the connection between buying snacks and her being upset. Goam, however, interpreted her question as a logistical one. He took her situation seriously. Your personality leaves you with certain deficiencies in verbal socialization. Since you don't have time to train that up now, it's best to compensate with small gestures of goodwill. If you buy toiletries or tools, your roommates will get used to it and eventually they'll start taking it for granted. If you stop, they might hold it against you. That's a mistake. Snacks don't have that problem. Eating is a basic human desire and easy to satisfy. It's the best way to make your roommates remember your kindness without placing any psychological burden on anyone. When one watching Gone ramble on and on, the question marks over her head just kept multiplying. She wasn't upset because of her roommates. At this point, it finally dawned on her. Jono was trying to help her get along with them. Ever since she'd arrived today, she hadn't really said a word to them. She'd been busy during the day, and when she got back at night, she'd caught that scene between Jong and Muio. She'd been too busy wallowing in her own misery to give her roommates a second thought. I'm up. Should I go now? Go now. Before you leave, say hi to them. Ask what they want and tell them you're treating them. When Juan felt a little awkward, but she obeyed him obediently because it was Gone. Hey, is there anything you guys want to eat? I'm heading out. I can pick some stuff up for you. My treat. Wong Nan, Li Yunio, and Yinfong were taken aback. Their first impression upon meeting her had been, "How is this girl so pretty?" But after the introductions, they had felt that chilly do not disturb aura radiating off her. It was practically written on her forehead. When she'd returned that evening, her expression had been so icy it felt like it had dropped the room temperature by several degrees. Wong Nan and the others had made a point to keep their distance. But now that she was taking the initiative, that sense of distance instantly evaporated. "Uh, how about some spicy strips? Really? Can you get chicken feet? Maybe some potato sticks? Sure." Wan nodded at the three of them and walked out the door with a serious expression. Arriving at the convenience store in the residential area, Wan utilized her high level of focus to quickly snag the chicken feet, potato sticks, and spicy strips. Then, she hit a wall. She didn't know what else to get. I bought what they asked for. What else should I get? cup noodles, dried plums, chips, rice crackers. When Juan bought everything Gong suggested and scured back to the dorm, what do I say now? Just communicate naturally like you would with me. Try to have a little smile on your face. I can't smile, G. Foam. Returning to the dorm, when stood at the door, took a shallow breath, and stealed herself before pushing it open. I'm back. Here are the chicken feet, potato sticks, and spicy strips. And there's milk tea here, too. Help yourselves. It's on me today. Yay. Nuan Wan, you're so cool. Seriously, I, Wong Nan, approve of you. Nuan Wan is definitely our dorm 3002s beauty queen. Hearing them, a faint smile graced Wuan's face. In truth, she still couldn't really bring herself to smile at these people. She was just thinking of Goam, and the smile had come naturally. Back yet? Yeah, they're very happy. That's good. I'm still not used to talking to people. Goam communicating with a socially withdrawn girl was always a bit of an uphill battle. Jono was actually quite anxious about her situation. He just didn't want her to be isolated or bullied. With her personality and without him by her side, he didn't think she could look after herself. One one college isn't like high school. You're going to meet many new people, face new situations, and navigate a new environment. We aren't entirely independent in this society. We have to interact with others. This is part of growing up. Jiong said a lot that night. He rarely talked at such length with her. When Nuan felt the weight of his sincerity and the lingering resentment in her heart slowly dissipated, she felt that she shouldn't be acting out and giving such a good person as Jong the cold shoulder. I know, I'll listen to you." Seeing her reply, Jong felt like she had taken his words to heart. But thinking of her timid, submissive nature, he couldn't help but add a bit more. You still need to be the judge of many things yourself since I'm not there with you. Think carefully about who you can interact with and who you shouldn't. Also, when you eat with classmates, make sure to go Dutch. Don't take advantage of others, but don't try to be the big spender either. Learn to say no to things you don't want to do, even if the person asking is a professor. Don't drink with strangers of the opposite sex. Don't be afraid of losing face. Face isn't worth anything. If you're ever mistreated, you can call me. Goam rambled on again. He felt like an overbearing mother. When Juan, I'm feeling very mistreated right now. Goam, tell me exactly what's going on. when one hugged her phone in silence. In front of others, she might be able to maintain that aloof facade, but in front of Goam, she would always be that insecure girl. The appearance of Muanio had cooled the excitement she'd felt about seeing Goam, but she wasn't willing to just let it go. She was timid in front of Goam. But she could be brave, too. Just like last time at the studio when she told him she wanted to change this time. Which dorm were you assigned to? Gone felt like she was ignoring his question, but he replied anyway. Huh? Dorm 6 to 205. Why? Time to sleep. Got it. The chat ended, but when Nuan stayed there holding her phone, lost in a days, lying in bed, thinking about how she would see Gone tomorrow, she would smile to herself, then suddenly feel a wave of sadness. This cycle repeated until finally she couldn't keep her eyes open any longer. Chapter 62. Brother, just stop. The next day, freshman orientation day, arrived right on schedule. The weather remained as overcast as it had been the previous day, casting a shadow of doubt over whether it would suddenly start pouring halfway through. His biological clock had Jiong up at the crack of dawn, habit driving him toward his morning run. There were plenty of people out jogging on campus, and Jong soon vanished into the throng. The only difference was the location. It was the track now. And when one wasn't by his side. When he returned, he brought breakfast for the three sad sacks in his dorm. Jeang Cha wasn't up yet. Zhao Han was brushing his teeth. and Su Ming was busy priing his greasy pompador in front of the mirror. Setting the food on the table, Jongo urged them, "Eat up. We got to get going. Men, don't waste time." Barely 10 minutes later, the four heavenly kings of dorm 205 had arrived at the school district. The other three kept blurting out, "Wo, and damn." Which honestly made Gone feel a little embarrassed for them. The four were in different majors, so they split up. Jon and Jeang Chiao headed for computer science class one. The moment he stepped through the door, Gongo felt the prickle of eyes following him. Some blatant, some sidelong. That one's pretty cute. In the coming years, the gender ratio in the CS department would hit nearly 1:1. But back in 2012, women were still the minority, roughly 30 to 40%. Jong was dressed understatedly, wearing a shy, unassuming smile. If the girls were staring, it was probably because he fit the image of a sweet little ginger in their minds. Jiong ignored the whispers and found an empty spot with Jeang Chiao. He hadn't been joking back in the dorm. It's hard for anyone to make money beyond their own cognitive limits, even a reborn soul like Jong. If he wanted to break into the internet industry, he couldn't just rely on the big picture. As a leader, he had to understand the technical nuances. In the early days of a startup, if the boss doesn't understand the tech, he's just waiting to be taken for a ride. Almost every tech mogul in history was at their core a technical genius. You don't win against them just by knowing a few buzzwords or trends. There are almost no exceptions to that rule. So, Jiong was actually here to study. He needed his knowledge to match his foresight. Then there was the issue of talent. Shanghai University might not be Ching Hua or peaking, but it was second tier and the CS department was packed with high-end talent. Sure, most weren't top tier yet, but these students were hungry, high energy, and cheap to hire. In the early stages of a business, that kind of labor is vital. And after a little professional training, their capability would completely outstrip someone like Dodding Ding. That's the difference between a professional and an amateur. He needed to sharpen himself during these courses and as an observer scout the talent he'd eventually need. Jiong had been sitting for a while when the counselor finally arrived. He was a short man, probably in his 30s, looking perfectly average. He walked to the lectern and tapped it gently, signaling for quiet. Hello everyone, my name is Jeang Ching Gong. I'm the counselor for CS class 1. You can call me Mr. Jan, we'll be in the same boat for the next four years, and I hope we can sail smoothly together. All right, now that you know who I am, I'll briefly go over the school rules, the upcoming military training, and so on. Briefly was a lie. Jean Ching Gong spoke for a full half hour. Even halfway through, he was still thirsty for more, stopping only to take a sip of water. Jeang Xiao was bored out of his mind and started whispering to Jong. Gi, see anyone good? Good what? Don't play koi. Good girls, obviously. Nope. So cold, huh? Well, fair enough. You were the guy who couldn't even bag a beauty like Muio. Jeang Chingongs speech was so tedious that Ji Fong didn't even want to listen. He propped his head up with one hand, a mental image of Wuan flashing through his mind and replied cooly, "Cut the crap. I'm just not in the mood for dating right now." Jeang Xiao curled his lip, "Look at you, Muanio's looks, that body. She's gentle, generous, enthusiastic, willing to spend money on you, and she's a gamer. She's the literal standard for a goddess girlfriend. If you're not interested in someone like that, what exactly are you looking for? Jiong turned his head slowly, flashing that trademark cold smile, a standard, huh? You think liking someone is supposed to come with a checklist? Jeang Xiao felt a sudden flicker of insecurity. He'd realized last night that Jiong wasn't an ordinary guy. The way he spoke to Autumn Sunset had made that clear, but he hadn't truly felt the weight of it yet. Why? Jiong asked. You want someone pretty? 1.65 65 m tall, great body, big chest, wealthy, gentle, and attentive. That's what you look for when you find a partner, right? What's wrong with that? Jeang Xiao felt like something was off, but he couldn't put his finger on it. Jiangs smile deepened. That's exactly your problem. Do you actually like that senior girl of yours? I liked her before. Now, I don't like her that much. So what? Jeang Xiao insisted, putting up a front. Jiong saw right through him. Does she even fit your standards? Did she meet any of those criteria or even one foot? Jeang Chao choked, unable to respond. That's the point. Standards are for people you don't actually like. When the person you truly love appears, even if she doesn't check a single box, you'll still love her. You'll love her every quirk, her moods, her looks, everything about her. You'll be reckless, giving everything you have just to end up at the same university as her. And the moment she looks your way, you'll go right back to being a graveling dog, hopelessly stuck. That asterisk is what it means to like someone. Jeang Xiao, brother, just stop. Okay. Jeang Xiao was completely broken. Ji Foam adjusted his collar. You're the one who wanted to discuss it. Fine. Fine. You win. Jeang Xiao gave him the highest compliment one man can give another. He sat in silence for a few seconds before he couldn't help himself. But I really feel like she's different from the others. Seriously, Jeang Chow, you finally made it ashore. You aren't still trying to talk to her, are you? I already reached out last night. Jone took a shallow breath, holding back the urge to punch Jeang Chiao twice. Impressive. Truly impressive. Jono was at a loss for words. But when he thought about it, he wasn't really surprised. Once upon a time, hadn't he been a growling dog, too? He'd chased Guushi wedding for over a decade, only to end up wishing her well at her wedding. Compared to him, Jeang Cha was practically a saint. Hey, Jong, didn't you say you never dated in high school? How are you so good at this? I read a lot. I know a lot. Last night, the senior told me she has a new boyfriend. Gi Fangs eyes lit up. That's great news. Now, you can both move on to new lives. But she said she still has feelings for me. Gi foam. Gi foam. Goam. Say something. Chapter 63. Don't waste yourself. Bad girl. Jiangs expression was exceptionally complex. Jeang Xiao had been so brazen and carefree back in the dormatory. He hadn't expected that when they were alone, Jeang Xiao would actually reveal this kind of simp side. Xiao, you're truly defying logic. I just like her. Hearing this, Jon couldn't say anything more. Perhaps this version of Jean Chow was really just like his former self. He hadn't even fully moved on from his own past. So what right did he have to judge Jean Chow back then? He had tried with all his might to integrate himself into Guushi Wedding's world. Yet her world had never included him because she wasn't married yet. He still wanted to wait a little longer. Later on, Gone gradually stopped believing in love and his personality underwent its first transformation. 10 years of being a s ends in nothing. 2000 spent at a nightclub turns a girl into a wife. such as life. When did the second transformation begin? It was probably at a nightclub as well. It was a simple matter really. A lost and confused Gongo saw a nightclub girl earning money to pay for her husband's medical treatment. Every girl has a story, but when he actually encountered a story like that, he was still somewhat moved. "And so, do you really want to hear my opinion?" Jeanga's mouth turned down at the corners. Although his face looked pained, he still insisted. "Go ahead. I feel like what you say makes a hell of a lot of sense. I'm listening." Jong nodded slightly. Actually, it doesn't matter if there was someone else. When you meet people after growing up, most of them have already had someone living in their hearts. We don't mind that the knife was used to cut garlic. We mind that the watermelon tastes like garlic. We don't mind that she has a past. We mind that her past isn't over yet. Getting back together with the right person is a reconciliation. With the wrong person, it's just repeating the same mistake. Get it? Understood. Do you really understand or are you just saying that? I really understand. Okay, that settles it. Jiong said, then patted Jang Chow on the shoulder. Just as the two stopped talking, Jeang Ching Gong on the podium was about finished with his speech. Now, let's go in order of seating and have everyone introduce themselves. Jong was seated toward the front right of the classroom, so it was his turn soon. Hello everyone, my name is Jong. Jong couldn't be bothered with small talk. He simply stated his name and sat back down. While the others were introducing themselves, Jon took note of a few classmates with rather sparse hair. Though these individuals looked unremarkable, their receding hairlines alone gave them the air of having great potential. They might well become the pillars of the company in the future. Goam, why do you keep staring at those ugly guys? What kind of talk is that? They're all good classmates. They might even become good friends and good colleagues in the future. Without them, where would the future be? How are they ugly? Jeang Chiao was somewhat bewildered. You don't even know who they are. It's fine. There will be plenty of opportunities to get to know them later. The classmates made introductions along the way, most of which Jono barely managed to commit to memory until someone coming off the stage stopped right next to him. It just so happened that Gone was bending down at that moment to pick up a pin of Jeong Chows that had rolled over to his feet. Then he saw little high heels, slender legs, and a pencil skirt. Do you like what you see? A raspy smoky voice. This woman smoked, and she was a heavy smoker. Although I can't be 100% sure, there's a high probability that it's correct. Moreover, she seemed to have misunderstood that he was peeking at her thighs beneath her pencil skirt. Jono lifted his head to meet the gaze of the girl before him. Her thick hair was slightly curled, appearing coffee colored under the sunlight streaming through the window. Her eyes were accentuated with black eyeshadow, lending her an allure and sensuality that seemed out of place for a student. Her hot body weaved through the crowd, drawing the gaze of many. Every step she took was as fluid as water, utterly enchanting. I wasn't looking at you, and as for your legs, they're average. He truly hadn't looked, and since he had no interest in the girl before him to begin with, it could be considered the honest truth. Hearing Jiong say this, Yiwei arched an eyebrow. She didn't answer Jiong immediately, but instead nudged the classmate sitting next to her. You moved to the inside seat. Oh, sitting in the seat just one aisle over from Goam. Yiway crossed her legs and folded her arms across her chest. I noticed you during the self-introductions earlier, little handsome. Your name is Goam. Surprised to have actually been remembered. Gi foam turned his head to look at her. That's right. Something the matter. Yiua twirled a strand of her slightly wavy hair with her index finger, her peach blossom eyes defined by black eyeshadow, darting toward Gone. It's nothing. My name is Yiua. Oh, there don't seem to be any beauties in computer science class one. At least none that I've seen who are prettier than me. If someone like me isn't good-looking, then what kind of person do you think is someone like Win? Gone clasped his hands together on the table and tilted his head slightly. If you want to discuss good looks with me, the least you could do is wipe the soot off your face first. This isn't a nightclub student. Jiong emphasized the word student, hoping the other party might rain it in. But Yua squinted, the smile on her face even more unbridled than before. On her exposed teeth, there were very obvious tobacco stains. She laughed, pointing her index finger at Gone. I could tell at a glance, pretty impressive. Oh, your eyes. You feel like a man with a story. Hm. Gone raised an eyebrow slightly. I'm not one of the little students around here. My eye for people, at least my eye for men, is much sharper than theirs. Don't like this outfit? I can always switch to a different flavor. In truth, Yiwa's judgment of character was indeed sharp. Jiong had spent a long period of his life living purely for physical gratification without any emotional attachment. Lost in a haze of glitz and glamour, he had nearly forgotten who he was. It could only be said that he had lost the ability to love back then and could only satisfy himself by seeking out ample bosomed women every single day. But then again, the Gongo of today was a well- behaved student here for his studies. His lowprofile demeanor at school didn't mean he was a pushover. As far as Gong was concerned, he might indulge when he wouldn't tolerate anyone else. Regardless of whether it was a man or a woman staring at Yiua, Ji Fangs gaze gradually sharpened. Trying to play cool with me? This isn't exactly the right place for that. Yiwi was taken aback. She hadn't expected Ji Foam to retort so bluntly. She let out a laugh, suddenly lowered her leg, and then amidst Ji Fangs surprised expression, spread her legs wide. Playing cool, huh? Do I need to? Is this what you're talking about? Tight- fitting skirt, legs spled. Those who know. Jiong chuckled, then poked Xiao behind him. Good girls are to be cherished. Bad girls shouldn't be wasted. Xiao Ji, come watch this exhilarating show. Don't move, Fong Gi. I'm watching closely. Gi foam. Even though the upper classman was quite something, it didn't stop from eyeing the beauty's legs right in front of him. Gi foam, however, remained unmoved. His face held not just disdain, but an added layer of contempt. If you dress like this and pose like that, at most, a brother here can only call you a [ __ ] There's nothing else to be said. If you really stripped down completely and filmed a clip to post on the campus network, I wouldn't call you a [ __ ] anymore. I'd have to respectfully address you as a goddess of mercy. But you don't have the guts to actually strip naked, and you're not committed enough to keep up the act to the end. This is a school classroom, so what exactly are you pretending to be?" Yiwi stared at Ji Foam, her expression shifting rapidly before she suddenly burst into laughter and slowly withdrew her legs. Jeang Cha wiped his mouth, inwardly lamenting that there was nothing left to see. Yiway took out her phone and waved it in the air. Fine, you're actually quite interesting. Want to add me on Q? care to go out sometime and check out the scene in Shanghai. Holy [ __ ] Behind them, Jeang Xiao looked at Jiongo with an expression of pure admiration. That made another one who had taken the initiative to ask for Ji Fangs Q. Yet Jiong himself was always indifferent. How did you do it? No need. Are you afraid? Jiong suddenly reigned in his previous disdain and asked earnestly. A person like you. How did you manage to get into Shanghai University? Chapter 64. when Juan is here. Yiwi had been maintaining a lazy devil make hair facade. But the moment Jiong asked that question, her expression curdled. She parted her lips and ran her tongue over her mers, muttering, none of your damn business, is it? A nightclub girl who studies hard. Hearing this, Yiwa finally lost her composure. My studying is an eyesore to you. You're awfully nosy, aren't you? Okay, look, as long as you stop being stubborn and pestering me for my Q, we're cool. Yiwi still looked indignant, biting her lip as if she wanted to retort. But Jiong had already turned away, ignoring her completely. It wasn't long until Jeangqingong returned to the podium and wrote down a class group number on the board. Class group: everyone join it. Though she hadn't added him as a friend, Yiway used the class group to dig up Gi Fangs Q number. She suddenly smirked at Gongo. Look at that fate. Hey, you [ __ ] Compared to the computer nerds in the CS department, the situation in the industrial management class was far more spectacular. Hello everyone, my name is Mu Wancho. I'm from here in Shanghai. Very nice to meet you all. Hi everyone, my name is Guushi Wedding. I'm from Pearl City. I hope we can all be friends. There was nothing wrong with their self-introductions. On their way back to their seats, Muio and Guuetting even exchanged smiles. But then a dark silhouette strode quickly toward the corner of the classroom. Hello, my name is Wan. The simple introduction caused the classroom to fall into instant silence. Moments later, the buzzing of discussion erupted louder than before. Holy [ __ ] I knew there were beauties in industrial management, but I didn't think there'd be this many. Just beauties. That's basically a campus bell, isn't it? One is as follows. Muan follows along. You've got a sharp eye, man. University campuses are never lacking in gossip, so people had already started ranking the class beauties. The atmosphere in the industrial management classroom grew increasingly rowdy. The faculty adviser happened to be out of the room, so the situation was spiraling into chaos. But while others were obsessed with Wuan's looks and aura, Guushi Wedding was truly stunned. She stared at Wuan as she walked back, unable to stop herself from blurting out. When one, you actually came to Shanghai. Though interactions between Gui Wedding and Win had been scarce, she like Jong had been a classmate for 3 years. Moreover, Guushi Wedding had sat much closer to Winon than Jong ever had. In the final months before the college entrance exams, after losing to Win for the second time, she had secretly checked when Nuan's passed grades. From hovering around 50th in the grade, she had fought her way up to first place. From those mock exams alone, Guushi Wedding had sensed that when Nuan's ability was legitimately terrifying. When Juan had chosen to keep her score confidential, but a fair few people at the school knew it. Gui Wedding had found out through Hong Jihai 705 points. That score would have guaranteed entry into Chinua or Peing University without breaking a sweat and both would have likely offered scholarships. Money wasn't a problem for Wuan's family either. So why the hell was she at Shanghai University? What was she playing at when having reached Guushi wedding spoke with a frigid edge? Yeah, I'm here. She loathed Guushi Wedding. This woman had strung Go along for years and shattered his heart. But she also owed her some thanks. If Guushi Wedding hadn't discarded Jongo, there wouldn't have been a chance for her to step in. Her transformation was all for Giongo. Jong had told her to get along with her classmates, so she'd endure it for now. As long as this woman stopped bothering her and Jong, that is Guushi wedding felt a strange, inexplicable prickle of cowardice underwe. Are you here to find Jong? Nothing to do with you. With that, when Juan returned to her seat, watching Wuan's indifferent expression as she sat down, Gui wedding was left speechless and frustrated. Once she could have looked down on Wuan like a peacock dismissing an ugly duckling. Now, however, the duckling had grown into a black swan. A seat away, Muanos eyes widened. So, there really was a history between Wuan and Jongo. She just wondered what role Guusuating played in all of this. The atmosphere in the class calmed as the faculty adviser returned. But the students were already lost in their own thoughts, unable to settle down for the rest of the lecture. When lunchtime arrived, the students dispersed. since her roommates weren't around and she didn't care to meet anyone else in the class. When Juan walked toward the cafeteria alone when Juan, wait up. Mu Wancho called out from behind her. What is it? Despite having crossed paths earlier, feeling that icy indifference at close range was something else. She was so much like Goam. Mu Wano bit her lip, summoning all her courage. Did you come to Shanghai because of Goam? When Juan gave Mu Wano a steady, serious look. Yes. She turned and walked away. when Juan had never been good at socializing. She hadn't slept well last night and she was hungry, so she wasn't in the mood for small talk. Mu Wancho stood there motionless. She hadn't explained her own relationship with Goam either. She knew it was her own selfish desires acting up. She pulled out her phone and scrolled back to what Goam had sent her last night. Paper butterflies have no life. It's the flickering light that makes them flap their wings. What I mean is the butterflies never moved. It was just the light casting shadows. Some people aren't all that special. You've just placed a filter over them in your own heart. Gently stroking the Q chat in her face, Muanio let out a bitter, self-deprecating laugh. My dream seems to be shattering. I wonder how much longer I can pretend to be asleep. As she walked toward the cafeteria, the weather seemed even glooier. Thunder rumbled in the distance. It looked like a downpour could start at any moment. When Juan took an umbrella out of her bag, Jiong had told her to buy it and keep it on hand. When you're on your own, take care of yourself. She reached the cafeteria and ordered a chicken leg, a side of cauliflower, and a bowl of kelp with stewed meat. Her appetite hadn't dwindled since starting university, she could still pack it away. Since it was her first day, she decided to test out the portions at the Shanghai University cafeteria. She skillfully avoided the crowd, found a quiet corner, and tucked in, devouring her meal. Ding ding. The pinned Q avatar blinked. When Juan hurriedly opened her phone, the low battery icon made her frown slightly. Did you eat a good lunch? Send me a photo. when Juan paused and snapped a picture. I did. Eating now image. She had to admit Shanghai University lived up to its reputation as a top tier school. The cafeteria food was much better than what they'd had back in Pearl City or at the hospital. With her stomach full, her mood brightened. It was a shame Jong hadn't replied to her previous message. But with Rain looking imminent, she figured she should just head back to the dorms. As she stood up to leave, Gone was staring intently at that blurry photo. When Nuan's phone wasn't great, the cheap kind you got for free with a top up. So, the image was indeed hazy, but he could clearly make out the chicken leg, the cauliflower, the kelp with meat, and even the style of the tray. Jong then looked down at his own tray. The exact same chicken leg, cauliflower, and kelp with stewed meat. Even the width of the shredded kelp was identical. Jiong sank into deep thought. The reflection lasted a full 3 seconds. She's here. Chapter 65. Encounter in the rain. Jong really wanted to let out a string of obscinities, but he bit his tongue and held it back. His heart was in a state of disbelief, layered with a faint, undefinable emotion he couldn't quite name. Pushing his tray aside, Jiong stood up, catching both Jeang Xiao and Yiui sitting across from him off guard. The appetite he'd had just moments ago had vanished completely. Brother Phone, what's going on? Brother Chiao, you eat first. I've got things to attend to. Yiwa nudged Jong Chiao. Come on, let's go see what's up. He had originally been sitting near the canteen entrance, but after abandoning his seat, he headed straight into the belly of the cafeteria. At that exact moment, when Juan had just walked out of the canteen entrance, umbrella in hand, Jiong pulled out his phone and fired off a text. Where are you? Regrettably, there was no reply from when Jiangs gaze grew dark as he scanned the room. He kept redialing her number, but each attempt was met with the same cold response. The subscriber you have dialed is switched off. He forced his mind back to the blurry photo, searching for any lingering details. A corner, a window. It had to be the far end of the cafeteria. Confirming his direction, Ji Fangs pace quickened until he was almost sprinting. University cafeterias are plastered with watcher step signs, but the urgency clawing at Ji Fangs chest made him lose all sense of decorum. He wo through the throng of students until he finally spotted a window similar to the one in the photo. As he reached it, the expectation of a life-changing encounter flickered in his eyes, only to be extinguished instantly. Seated at the table were a man and a woman in glasses, looking every bit the typical couple. Not here, then. Gi let out a heavy sigh, forced to accept the reality of the moment. He felt an inexplicable wave of frustration and agitation, not because of the search itself, but simply because they had missed that split second of connection. Yet he remained oblivious to the fact that when Juan was mere feet away, just outside the canteen wall, hardly 3 meters from where he stood, his frantic dash and his current crestfallen silence had been observed by Yiui, who had followed close behind. You look pretty desperate, like one of those guys who, you know, the kind who can't find a girl. Having spent years navigating the nightlife scene, Jiong knew exactly what she was implying. He turned, locking eyes with her for a brief, piercing moment. That single look forced whatever snide remark EUA had planned to lodge firmly in her throat. She recognized that look all too well. A boss. A real heavyweight boss. Not just some middle-aged loser everyone calls boss out of pity. Your mouth smells like a corpse. Beat it. Goam was usually a composed low-profile guy. But his mood was souring fast. In his past life, whenever he was in a mood like this, someone usually ended up in tears being stared at by someone like him. It was a bit dramatic to say it felt like stepping into an ice cellar. But Yiwa couldn't help but flinch, lowering her head in apology. "I'm sorry." Gi collected himself, ignoring her completely. He had no intention of returning to his meal. He marched straight toward the exit. Boom. A sudden crack of thunder tore through the sky, and by the time he hit the threshold, the September sky had opened up in a torrential downpour. Jong stood at the edge of the corridor, staring at the wall of rain. Just as he stepped into the deluge, an umbrella appeared over his head. "Hey, I think you need this." Jung glanced back. Yiwi was holding an unlit cigarette in her mouth, her other hand extending her umbrella toward him. He didn't take it. Stepping past her, he plunged head first into the storm, vanishing into the gray curtain of rain. Thanks, but keep it were the last words she heard from him. Hey, no smoking in the classroom zone. A passing student shouted, "What the hell are you on about? I haven't even lit the damn thing." Yiway rolled her eyes. She arched a brow, using her thumb to pick at her front tooth, which had a slight chip that made for a perfect nail cleaner. She stared into the rain, lost in thought. The rain was so heavy it blurred everything into a smear of gray. Water streamed into his eyes, making it impossible to see the path ahead. Gi pulled a cigarette from his pocket and put it to his lips, but it was soaked before he could even find a light. He pulled out the lighter when had given him. Click clack. He tried again, but it was obvious the waterlog lighter was dead. Huh. Gone looked ahead. A little convenience store sat near the girl's dormatory area. It was the only route to the dorms. Students passing by through glances his way, some even chuckling under their breath. Perhaps in their eyes, the bedraggled, soaking wet Gone looked like a pathetic clown. He didn't really care. At this stage in his life, he didn't need to concern himself with the opinions of strangers. He was only worried that wandering around the girl's dorm looking like a drowned rat would get him hauled off by security as a pervert. Meanwhile, when walked through the rain, her umbrella tapping rhythmically to the sound of the downpour. Surprisingly, she felt quite at ease. Having an umbrella was nice, all thanks to Goam. As she thought of him, she reached into her pocket for her phone. She'd spent all night staring at the screen, forgetting to plug it in. She hadn't even woken up in time for her morning run, let alone had time to charge it. It was completely dead. Just as she neared the dorm, a figure suddenly ducked under her umbrella. Junior, mind if I borrow a little shade from your umbrella to dodge the rain? It was a thirdyear senior, O Shiau. He was undeniably handsome, his physique well- definfined, his white shirt clinging to his body in the rain, hinting at the muscle underneath. At the sight of the intruder, when Juan's expression shifted instantly, the reflexive wall of hostility and rejection she'd built against the world shot up. She lifted her chin just enough to lock eyes with him. Move. Her voice was cold and sharp as a blade. Ah, Junior. Ou could sense her rejection, but her stunning face made him unwilling to back down so easily. In his mind, these introverted freshman girls were the easiest to conquer. Junior, since you have an umbrella, if you don't mind, he flashed his signature charming smile, which froze the moment it appeared. When Juan didn't just back away, she snapped the umbrella shut and brought it down hard across her knee. Crack! She tossed the mangled remains of the umbrella into a nearby trash can. "No umbrella now. You!" Oiau had rarely seen a girl this uncompromising. Or rather, he'd never seen one like this in his life. When Juan didn't offer another word, she walked right past him. Jiong had told her to try and get along with people, that she hadn't told the guy to crawl into a ditch was probably the extent of her remaining manners. Walking alone in the rain when Nuan's mood soured. Being harassed like that made her realize that even having an umbrella wasn't necessarily a good thing. Oyu stood there watching her walk away unbothered by the rain, completely ignoring him. He felt like a clown standing there in the downpour. This was the heart of Shanghai University, and the scene of him being brushed off like that was being watched by dozens of people. What he thought would be an easy pickup had turned into a massive embarrassment. His humiliation quickly curdled into rage. He turned, his face twisted with irritation, and shouted at her, retreating back. "Wait just a minute." When slowed her pace, looking back, she saw O Xiaoyu storming toward her. The rain only fueling the malevolence on his face. What was he planning to do? When Juan didn't retreat, she'd been cornered in a construction site by a whole group of men back in the day. What was one guy compared to that? She silently pulled a ballpoint pen from her pocket, clicked it, and gripped the body tight. As O Shiau reached her, he reached out. Whack! A larger, firmer hand clamped onto his wrist. "What do you think you're doing?" The voice made when freeze. She turned to look behind her. Chapter 66. Are we really going to a hotel? When turned around, keeping her head down, she didn't need to look up. The tension that had seized her body while facing O X Shiau evaporated in an instant. Subconsciously, she leaned in to bury her face against Ji Fangs chest, just as she had pressed against his ear during the graduation party. Thump. She had only meant to nuzzle him, but whether it was the surge of adrenaline or the sheer intensity of the downpour, she hadn't gauged the movement correctly. Her forehead slammed into Ji Fangs sternum with a dull, heavy thud. It actually hurt. realizing something was off when instantly recoiled, pulling back to resume her usual icy, aloof expression. But deep down, her heart was already pounding against her ribs like a trapped bird. The thrill of their reunion was completely washed away by the awkwardness of a failed nuzzle. Fortunately, the rain was torrential enough to mask the fact that her ears were burning a bright, embarrassed red. Ji Phone grabbed her arm, pulling her firmly behind him without a word. He glared at O Xiaoyu, his voice as cold as water pulled from a glacial river. You didn't finish your sentence, senior. Were you just bullying a fellow student? O Xiaou stared at the figure before him, swallowing hard. He was on the school basketball team, and his toned physique was the result of a rigorous workout regimen. But after Gone clamped a hand onto his wrist, he tried twice to yank it back, only to find the grip as immovable as an iron vice. Let go. You keep holding me like this, and if I report you to the campus police, this counts as assault. Gong narrowed his eyes. He despised these types of university tough guys. The kind who barked loudly but had nothing behind it. They were a dime a dozen. And while not every guy with a sports scholarship was a scumbag, that demographic was notoriously infested with them. Assault. If the school managed to expel you for this, I'd say the result was well worth it. Seeing Jings aggressive posture, O Xiaus bravado crumpled. His tone shifted, turning oily and consiliatory. Look, Junior, I didn't know she had a boyfriend. I was just coming over to chat. That's not exactly a crime, right? If I'd known she was your girl, I wouldn't have even bothered. I would have picked another target. How about this? Let's just call it even today and step back. Hey, hey, watch it. Oh, Xiau yelped. He could feel the pressure of Ji Fangs grip intensifying. Jiong didn't bother responding to the pathetic man. Instead, he turned to the crowd of onlookers lingering outside the curtain of rain. "Does anyone know who this guy is?" "That's O Xiaoyu, basketball team, junior year. A total slimeball. He's ruined plenty of girls," someone shouted. It was clear the man didn't have many fans. Jiong didn't catch who had spoken, but he tilted his head toward the crowd in the rain and offered a brief, polite nod. "Thanks." Hearing his dirty laundry aired out in public, O Xiaoys face turned deathly pale, treating freshman girls like prey, treating them as mere trophies to be toyed with, discarding them, and even bragging about his conquests in private. This was the kind of person Gi Fong found utterly repulsive. the kind of guy who probably wouldn't even be missed if his name were wiped off the register behind him when tugged at his sleeve. Gi, don't start a fight here. Jon gave a slight nod. Yeah, I know. Even though he found O Xiaou disgusting, getting into a brawl right at the start of the semester wasn't the right move. Finally, Jon released his grip. The moment he let go, O Shiau frantically rubbed his sore wrist. He didn't even have a chance to spout a parting threat before the onlookers began to jeer. What a pathetic loser, O Shiau. First, he'd been humiliated by Wuan's cold rejection, then dragged into the spotlight by G. Foam, and finally mocked by his own peers who knew his reputation. No matter how thick- skinned a handsome basketball player might be, there was a limit to his face. Without daring to say another word, O Xiau hunched his shoulders, tucked his tail, and scured away, disappearing into the crowd. With the interruption over, Jiong had no desire to stay and be gawkked at like a circus animal. He pulled Winon away from the crowd. He didn't speak and his expression remained stern. After walking a few paces, Wuan finally regained her senses and pulled her hand away, asking suddenly, "Muanio, I have nothing to do with her, huh? Oh." When hadn't expected Ji Phone to answer so quickly, she hadn't even finished her question yet. It was as if he'd anticipated exactly what she was going to ask and had his answer ready. Even though she had been angry a moment ago, the irritation vanished in a flash. In fact, she felt a little happy. Two simple sentences had settled the stone in Wuan's heart. Even in the midst of the pouring rain, she felt as warm as if she were standing in the golden light of an autumn afternoon. Auo, when Nuan suddenly sneezed, and Goam came to an immediate halt. Perhaps it was because it hadn't rained in Shanghai for so long. But the storm showed no signs of stopping. If anything, it was getting heavier. When Nuan was soaked through to the skin, and Goam was no better. No matter how beautiful one's clothes or how cold and elegant one's appearance might be, a person looked wretched when drenched in a downpour. Both of them were no exception. Under normal circumstances, early September weather shouldn't have been cold, but a torrential downpour could cause the temperature to plummet, dropping below 20°, sometimes even lower. The rain drained the body's heat with ruthless efficiency. Even though when Nuan exercised regularly, she had already started to shiver. Feeling the slight tremor in her delicate fingers, Jiong furrowed his brow, abruptly changed course, and headed toward the school gate. When Muan let him lead her, offering no resistance. Jiong didn't seem happy, so she decided it was best to keep her mouth shut. His pace was perfect, not so fast that she struggled to keep up. Once they were out of the school gates, Jong flagged down a taxi. The driver rolled down his window, saw the two soaked figures, and frowned. "You guys unlock the door. I'll add 200 to the fair." The driver froze for a second, then nodded blankly. Right, right, get in. Goam ushered when Juan into the back seat and climbed in from the other side. As the door clicked shut, the driver glanced at the pair of drowned rats in his rear view mirror. He could tell there was a story here, but he was a veteran of the road and kept his curiosity to himself. He turned on the meter and asked, "Where to young man? Find a hotel nearby. Make sure it's reasonably clean." When the driver heard them looking for a hotel, his corpulent frame gave a slight jolt and his eyes lit up with a new keen interest. You got it. Hold on tight. When hearing Jiong ask for a hotel, felt her eyes widen. She found it hard to believe. Wasn't this moving a bit too fast? She had absolutely no mental preparation for this. Jong. Yep. Jone looked at her. With the rain gone, the expression on Wuan's face was fully exposed. As her fingers brushed through her wet hair, her eyes flickered, filled with a panic she couldn't contain. Are we Are we really going to a hotel? Chapter 67. A subtle temptation. After asking this, when Juan felt her cheeks flushing rapidly, she didn't even need to check to know her ears were burning crimson. This girl, usually so detached and closed off, was rarely shy. She was usually nothing but cold indifference. That is, unless the person was someone she truly cared about. And once she did grow shy, the indescribable emotion in her eyes was enough to make Ji Fangs composure crumble. Jon glanced at Wuan's delicate, slender figure. He didn't say a word. Silly. He silently pulled off his own t-shirt, rung it out a little, and draped it over her, shielding her stunning raindrrenched silhouette from view. Put this on first. Oh. Gone turned his head away, only speaking once she had pulled his half-damp shirt over her frame. The school only provides hot water from 4:30 to 8:30 in the morning and 5 to 10:30 at night. There's no hot water at other times. You're in no condition to take a cold shower, so I'm taking you to a hotel. Besides, there are a few things I want to ask you. Oh, when kept her head lowered, using her hair to hide the flicker of panic in her eyes. After paying the fair and getting out of the taxi, a bare-chested Gone walked into the hotel with Wuan trailing behind. Good evening, sir. How may I help you? Gong took out his ID and briefly explained the situation to the receptionist. We got caught in the downpour. I need a room. Here's my ID. Also, could you please send someone to buy a set of men's clothes, a set of women's clothes, and some undergarments for the lady? Men's size 185, women's 170. Don't skimp on the quality and pick something loose- fitting and throw in an umbrella. You can keep the change. Certainly, sir. Once the room was booked, Gone took the key card and headed upstairs with Wuan. Standing on opposite sides of the elevator, Jiong noticed when Nuan's brow was furoughed tight. He couldn't help but ask, "Something on your mind?" When Juan looked up at him, her gaze skittering away. "You seem quite familiar with hotels." Jiong instantly grasped the implication and shook his head slightly. "My parents traveled a lot when I was a kid. You pick up a few things after a while." "Oh, having received her answer," she lowered her head again. The explanation seemed to put her mind at ease. Once they swiped into the room, when Juan stared at the pristine white bed, feeling completely ill at ease. An awkward silence began to spread through the room. Gi foam at least acted natural. He pushed open the bathroom door, pulled back the shower curtain, and gestured inside. Go ahead and rinse off. Take your time. Wash your hair if you need to. I'll leave the clothes by the door when they arrive. Goam. Actually, I we'll talk when you're out. It's early September, but you could still catch a cold after being soaked like that. Got it. Watching Win One step into the bathroom, Jiong finally let out a breath. In reality, he wasn't nearly as calm as he'd pretended to be. He walked slowly to the window, collapsing into a single seat sofa in the most comfortable position he could manage. He reached for the cigarettes in his pocket, only to find them completely water locked. He had no choice but to grab the overpriced pack provided by the hotel and light one up. Listening to the rhythmic trickling sound of the shower, his mind couldn't help but drift back to the sight of when Nuan in the rain. The more he tried to stop thinking about it, the more his composure slipped. Damn, that was lethal. Gi shook his head, forcibly purging the image from his mind. Huh? He let out a long breath, feeling genuinely unsure of how to handle the current situation. During the post-graduation rush, he hadn't asked for her scores. He hadn't poked around to find out, mostly because he'd prepared himself for the reality of them ending up in different cities. He had maintained a rational distance, refusing to interfere or disturb her, leaving her to make her own choices. No one knew when Nu one's true potential better than he did. Frankly, as long as she didn't have a total meltdown, there wasn't a single student at Pearl City. No, one high who could outscore her. As for the other schools, huh, the gap between them and no one was far from small. The Gao wasn't a tactical RPG where you could just pop a skill and turn the tide. Mathematics was a subject where if you didn't know the answer, you simply didn't know it. There was no such thing as a lucky break. So, it was highly likely she was the city's top scorer. As the city's number one, getting into Chin Hua or Peing University would have been a walk in the park. And yet, here she was in Shanghai. Clearly, Jiong hadn't interfered. And once he gave her the space to choose for herself, this was the choice she'd made. Shanghai University. That was her decision. What had actually happened during the summer break? Jiong hadn't dared to ask. He figured it was her private business. If she wanted him to know, she would tell him herself. He'd initially thought she might be planning to secure a future in Beijing, but it seemed this girl had gone for the big leagues instead. This is trouble. Lighting another cigarette. Gone scratched his head, hiding his expression behind a cloud of smoke. He wasn't just trying to hide his face. He was trying to hide a flicker of irreressible secret joy. This state of mind, it wasn't like him at all. After a few more cigarettes, he figured it wasn't fair to have the room smelling like an ashtray, especially if when one might be bothered by the smoke. He crushed the cigarette out, tossed it into the tray, and turned on the window and exhaust fan. Just then, the sound of the shower stopped. The clothes hadn't arrived yet. An idea occurred to him and he tapped on the bathroom door. When one uh her voice from inside sounded startled. Gi quickly cautioned. Don't use the hotel towels. No telling how clean they are. Just wait in there for a bit or keep rinsing if you need to. Oh, okay. Then I'll wash your shirt for you. Whatever you like. Soon, the sound of her hand washing the clothes echoed from the bathroom. Staring at the silhouette blurred behind the frosted glass. Goam felt as if his feet had been nailed to the floor. He couldn't move. Damn. Ring ring. The hotel phone rang sharp and clear. It was enough to jolt G phone back to reality and he finally stepped away from the door. Hello. Good evening, sir. Your clothes and the umbrella have arrived. Should I send them up now? Yes, bring them up. Moments later, after receiving the package from the bell boy, Gone placed the white clothes by the bathroom door. I've left the clothes by the door. Got it. Gone retreated back to the window, feeling like he had to keep his distance. He found how long had it been since he'd been this cautious, this careful. The soft rustle of fabric being pulled on reached his ears, and Ji foam decided to simply close his eyes, trying to settle the agitation in his heart. Young blood really does run hot. When Nuan, now dressed, walked silently to his side. The faint scent of her hair made Gong turn, unable to stop himself from catching a whiff. The white athletic wear clung to the contours of her body after the shower. A breeze from the window swept across her fair, glowing skin. Her long hair was still slightly damp, mingling with the scent of the girl herself, like an unintentional, breathtaking landscape in the heart of nature. When Nuan met Jiangs gaze, her eyes clear and bright as if they could see straight into his soul. Just as she opened her mouth to speak, Jung couldn't hold back anymore. He hunched his shoulders and bolted toward the bathroom. I'm going to take a shower. Mm. Inside the bathroom, Jung gasped for air. He leaned one hand against the wall and grabbed his hair with the other. The way she'd looked just now, the killing power was truly too much. He had been close to Wuan, surely in the final sprint of high school, they were practically inseparable. When Juan wasn't some naive, sheltered child, she'd received enough love letters in her time to know exactly what kind of effect she had on people. But that look in her eyes just now, that shifting, watery gaze. This girl, did she do that on purpose? Chapter 68. Standing together again, Jiong stood under the hot water for a while. As his body began to heat up, he slowly turned the handle toward the cold side. He let the icy water pour over him. In this weather, a cold shower wasn't exactly freezing, but the ambient temperature was low enough that it wasn't exactly pleasant either. He waited until his inner turmoil had finally cooled down. Only then did he dry himself off and step out of the bathroom. He didn't resort to the cliche of wrapping himself in a towel. It felt too greasy, too low rent. After putting on the sportsware the waiter had purchased for him, Goam returned to the window and sat down opposite Winon. He clasped his hands together, leaned back into the sofa, and wore a stern expression. When Juan kept her legs pressed tightly together, her body tilted to one side. She didn't dare meet his eyes. Talk. Talk about what? When whispered, her voice weak. Gi, "You've arrived in Shanghai. Surely you have something to say to me." Having regained his composure, Jiong had assumed the mantle of the boss. Whenever Ding and the others saw him like this, they would immediately stand to attention like obedient chicks. Even Yiua had tensed up completely when she saw him earlier that day. But when Nuan was different, she knew how to play dead. Just moments ago, facing O Xiau, the fierce, sharpedged Win had vanished. Now she was as timid as a kitten, retreating into her shell and playing the mute. She simply refused to speak. Every now and then, she would lift her eyelids to sneak a glance at G Foam, only to quickly dart her gaze away the moment he looked back. This silence stretched on for 15 minutes. Neither of them made a sound. Whenever this girl retreated into her own world, Jiong felt a sense of helplessness. He couldn't bring himself to lecture her, especially since she had traveled all this way to Shanghai just to find him. It made him lose his footing. Jiong sighed softly. It was clear that expecting her to start the conversation was a lost cause. How's the cafeteria? It's fine. I can get full. When Juan turned her head away, displaying a what's done is done attitude. The look of someone who had already cooked the rice and couldn't care less if the world ended. Gone rubbed his brow. What's your major? Business administration. What did you score? 7005. Gone was speechless. A 75 to get into the business administration program at Shanghai University. That was nearly 100 points over the cutoff. Was that even something a sane person would do? Well, when Juan wasn't exactly normal by standard definitions, but if old Hang found out, he'd probably drop dead from the shock. The university would surely beounding her to explain the discrepancy as well. What did your mother say? My mom can't control me anymore. As she said this, when Juan puffed out her chest, looking rather proud of herself, Ji foam frowned slightly. Why? Because your wings are finally stiff enough that you can act out at home. No. When lowered her head again. How is Auntie's health lately? At the mention of Wong Yakin, when Juan hesitated for a moment, but ultimately decided to be honest with Jong. She had kept it a secret until now because she didn't want to rely on his charity or handouts. She had already received so much, and there were some things in life she had to fight for on her own. For instance, the right to stand beside Goam just like a normal person without any baggage. After a moment of contemplation, the look in her eyes cleared. Her expression grew firm, regaining a sliver of that director when composure. I said goodbye to you early during the summer break because I had arranged for my mother to undergo heart valve surgery at the Gene no to hospital. They have the top experts in the country for consultations. It was expensive, but the success rate and quality of care were the best. The surgery was on July 21st and it went very well. But my mom was physically weak, so we were hospitalized for about 15 days postsurgery. After that, I brought her home to recuperate for a while, and I only just managed to report for classes on the final day. Hearing this, Jung finally understood what she had been up to all summer. She had been juggling moving her critically ill mother to Gene Ling, managing her medical care, and in her spare time, handling the heavy workload of the studio. Being an affiliate promoter wasn't easy, especially the datadriven product selection, which required a massive time investment. No wonder she had been so busy all summer, even failing to reply to his messages in time. When Juan snuck a glance at Jong, she was worried he might be angry about her silence during the summer, given she hadn't told him about the surgery. Jiong stared at her and shook his head slightly. When Juan, I've told you before, you don't have to carry everything by yourself. But you've also said that in the adult world, there isn't much room for being overly sentimental. Gone let out a ry laugh. He took out his phone and checked the text messages from those dates. You sent me messages on the 21st and the day before. I must have misunderstood what you meant at the time. I'm sorry. Wu one waved her hands frantically. No, you don't need to apologize. Actually, if it weren't for you, my mom probably. She didn't finish her sentence, but what she had revealed was enough to give Jon a clearer understanding of the situation when had faced in his previous life. Her mother had been on the brink of collapse back then. Perhaps knowing this would lessen the guilt he carried from that timeline. As long as your mother is getting better, that's what matters. As for the money, you earned that through your own capability. It has nothing to do with me. When Nuan stared steadily at Gone for a long time, "Go, truth be told, my mother and I don't have a good relationship." Her voice was low. This was likely the most vulnerable part of herself, a side she never wanted to expose. Jone nodded slowly. "I know. Every time I went to your house and saw her, you never wanted me to talk to her too much. Is it because of things from the past that you can't let go of? A mix of childhood memories and things I went through growing up. Even though our relationship isn't good, I still love her. When the college entrance exams came around, she was already reaching her limit. She never said it, but I knew. I didn't want anything to happen to her, so I knew if I had the power, I would save her. Gone nodded gently. How much did the surgery cost? I researched it online. It was around 100,000 to 150,000. To be safe, I set aside all the money I had. The final costs were higher than I expected. The surgery was 140,000 and with follow-up treatments and medication, it ended up being over 210,000. It did go a bit over budget. Talking about money made when suddenly tense before Gone could interject, she added quickly, but I don't need your help. The commissions I earned before were enough to cover the medical fees, and I haven't even touched this month's commission yet. There's nearly 100,000 left. Gone raised a hand, signaling for her to stop. Whenever money came up, when Juan became incredibly sensitive, sensitive to the point of being standoffish, she would meticulously account for every scent, unwilling to take even the slightest advantage, terrified that their relationship would become tainted by money and lose its purity. Her clumsy, self-deprecating nature always left Giong feeling helpless. He gave her a gentle smile. All right, all right. I know Director W is very good at making money. He rose and stood by the window, taking a cigarette, only half broken, from the ashtray, and lit it. The rain has let up. Rest a bit, then head back to campus. When Juan didn't say a word, but Jong felt her approach him from behind. She pressed her forehead against his back. This was likely the boldest thing she had ever done. Go. Yep. We're standing together again. Chapter 69. It's not me, it's us. Compared to that headbutt in the rain earlier, when's proximity now was far more gentle. But before Chiu could say a word, she pulled her forehead away. The soft friction of her hair against his clothes left Chiu so rattled he completely forgot what he was about to say. What was I going to say just now? I don't know. Chiu glanced at the cigarette but in his hand and for the first time in his life asked, "Uh, is the smoke bothering you?" Clearly, when one didn't understand the hidden weight of that question to a longtime smoker to her, however, her feelings for Chiui had long since moved past mere tolerance. It was bordering on indulgence. It's not bothering me. You don't need to quit. Huh? Chiwai froze. He really had been considering quitting just now, though he hadn't voiced it. Did she guess? Don't do things that make you unhappy when said, looking at him steadily. There were many things she didn't understand. For instance, if smoking was harmful, why did so many people still do it? She had once read two explanations in some classic literature. The first was from the interpretation of dreams. People reach for tobacco because they aren't receiving love. The moment the filter touches your lips, it's like a kiss from God or like a mother's nursing breast. In a way, smoking provides a sense of emotional solace, a phantom caress to dampen the pressure of life. By that same logic, kissing produces the same effect. The second explanation was far more simple and blunt. Some people just think smoking looks cool. Regardless of which reason applied to Chiwai when didn't want him to quit, she vaguely remembered how her father would smoke one cigarette after another whenever he and her mother had a fight. When he smoked, his expression would soften in a rare moment of peace. Before he died, he had smoked quite a lot. Sadly, it was of no use. She would never forget that scene. That was her reason for not letting him quit. Don't do things that make you unhappy. Chiu didn't look back. He silently extinguished the remaining smoke and dropped the subject. He didn't dare meet when eyes, afraid he wouldn't be able to handle whatever he found there, so he steered the conversation elsewhere. Let's talk about work. Mm. Go ahead. I'm listening. Shiu thought for a moment before recounting his experiences over the summer break. After you left, I dismantled the studio in Pearl City. Some of the team stayed local and others followed me here to Shanghai. I rented a 248 square meter office space in the old commercial district. Ding and the others are working there right now. Chiuai gave her the general rundown of the studio's current state. As the studios administrative and operations director when one knew almost as much as he did in terms of detailed workflow, she was even more thorough than he was. There must have been conflicts when you split the team. No, there were definitely signs of friction at the time. Naturally, some people wanted to strike out on their own once I left, but I managed to quell it. It's hard to say now, though. Without supervision, their work habits will eventually revert to those of lone wolves. When one nodded slowly, this was the one area where she still felt she'd let Chi Schwai down. Even though she had fulfilled her duties at the Ganling Hospital, in the current stage of the studio, just doing one's job wasn't enough. The studio faced immense pressure. Beyond the product selection, screening, customer precision, and task distribution that she had already taken over, the most critical element was driving traffic. During the time she had been away, with Chiwai busy moving, and the studio's overall traffic fragmented, they had barely kept their heads above water thanks to the sheer grind of Dodding and his team. Every talca affiliate marketer was essentially the same as a live streamer in the short video era. The nature of the work was identical. generate content, capture high-spending female fans, and guide their consumption under the guise of a confidant sister. Most people only saw the flashy streamers of the present day without realizing their predecessors were the talks. For 2 months, the traffic hadn't grown. In fact, it had shrunk. This was certainly not the result Chiu had hoped for. But now, she was back. Everything needed to be redesigned, perhaps even overhauled. This part is on me. Assigning blame is pointless. Talking about that is even more useless. Let's focus on how to get that traffic flowing again. Chihuahua couldn't be bothered with fingerpointing. At the end of the day, they were just college students, not seasoned corporate executives. Wuan did her job well, and she earned her keep. Anything beyond that was just a matter of talent and drive. Once they shifted to work, Wuan immediately displayed a state of mind entirely different from before. Seeing that Chiwai wasn't interested in a postmortem of their failures, she bypassed the topic and went straight to the point. Regarding our traffic, I think we're ready to expand. Tell me, the first step is foundational recruitment. We need to expand our pool of traffic generators. After we dismantled the Pearl City studio, those members, even if they're still moving volume, have lost their loyalty. As your influence as boss fades in their minds, they'll become disobedient and drift away. I suggest we recruit new blood, specifically seniors in computer science or related majors. Even if we can't offer them job security right now, we can attract them with relatively high salaries and support that with the promise of the future. She added, to lure these seniors into signing contracts, it was clear that when Nan had done her homework over the summer, having college freshmen recruit graduating seniors was a bit abstract, but it made sense. Flesh out that promise of the future part. What exactly do you want me to elaborate on? When Juan asked, surprised. You don't have a detailed plan? Chiu was also taken aback. He had assumed she'd mapped it out. when one hesitated then answered honestly. Isn't the promise of the future just a way of dangling a carrot? You once said that painting a vision for the future was still effective before 2018 foot, right? I forgot about that. Chiu rubbed his temples. It was true, at least for these past few years. Dangling a carrot in front of CS students was something almost every company did. It wasn't necessarily a bad thing. Everyone had aspirations for the future. And while plenty of companies did end up crashing, running away or going bankrupt, many others had actually delivered on those promises. So your plan is to use that vision combined with a competitive immediate salary to attract a new wave of talent. Exactly. Even though the technology behind driving traffic doesn't have a high barrier to entry and hiring easily leads to tech leaks, the traffic itself equals commissions and results for us. And honestly, the results matter more than the commission. The merchants don't care how much money we make. They only care about how much traffic we're driving to them. Even though when Nuan was usually shy and timid, Chiui found her far more attractive when she was focused on her work. That was when a confident dazzling light radiated from her. Just like when she helped him with problems in their senior year of high school, or when she acted as director when in the studio, just like now pondered for a moment and then endorsed her plan. Her thoughts aligned with his own, only she had laid out the road map with much greater precision. The recruitment plan can go ahead, but where do you think we should focus our brand? Chiu, I think a prestigious reputation is often more attractive to college students than immediate cash. Chiu narrowed his eyes. He understood exactly what she meant. You mean Chiu, it's time for you to register an official company. Not me, he said. It's us. Chapter 70, the best of ages. When was slightly taken aback, then immediately hurried to explain. No, I meant you don't intend to join me. No, no, that's not it. If we're planning to do this together, isn't that just us? Huh? when Juan was a bit dazed by Ji Fangs phrasing. We are key business partners after all. Jiong looked at her calmly as if he were stating something entirely trivial. Yet, when Juan didn't dare meet his gaze at that moment, "No, I can't do it. You've already come all this way and now you're getting cold feet." When Juan couldn't help but rub her fingers together at a loss for how to respond, "Go." Starting a company takes a lot of money. I don't have any. Gone picked up a pen and paper from the bedside table and scribbled something down. You don't have money, but I do. I've saved up over 2 million in these past few months. That's certainly enough for initial operating costs. I'll be founding a tech company within the next 2 days. You'll be joining as a member of the management team and as a board member with a 10% stake. I can help manage things even without shares. At the mention of management, the gentleness in Jangs tone vanished, replaced by a sudden sternness. When Juan, you were the one who wanted to keep our finances separate. Now that I'm doing exactly that, you're backing down again. Whenever when Juan didn't know how to answer, she chose to retreat into her shell. In other matters, Go might have indulged her, but not this time. You don't need to be humble or hold back in front of me. What kind of strength do you think I have that requires your concessions? If a person wants to change, they need ambition. I have no use for partners who lack drive. You're always so devoid of desires. What am I supposed to use to motivate you? Even if I wanted to start a mom and pop shop, we'd have to actually be a married couple first. The thought popped into Jiangs mind, but he quickly rephrased it. Instead of overthinking things, why don't you help me figure out what to name the company? Something simple. Hearing Gong bring up the company name. When one finally regains some of her professional composure. Oh, as for the name, how about we just use your name? Gone Tech. That name is uninspired, lacks depth, and definitely won't do. Following Jangs requirements, when took the pen and paper and began to scribble, she suggested a few names, but Gone wasn't satisfied with any of them. Gone proposed winter sunshine only for Win to shoot it down immediately. When Nuan furrowed her brows, she wasn't illiterate, so of course she understood the hidden meaning. Winter sunshine was warm. It was an obvious nod to her name. The options Want Tech and Nuanfong Tech were also executed in short order. Those names just didn't fit a tech company. The two of them fell into a stalemate. The company name was crucial, and Jung knew this well enough not to be temperamental about it. He tapped his fingers on the table. He really wanted a cigarette. But seeing when one also deep in thought, he silently abandoned the idea. In the end, it was Gong who conceded. The previous ideas were definitely off the mark. The biggest issue is that they lack impact. Since we're a tech company, we'll be recruiting primarily young IT professionals. Making money is something everyone wants, of course, but beyond the paycheck, they'll also have hopes and visions for their own futures. So, the name should lean toward technology, coding, innovation, and the future. We're looking for those elements. any ideas? Jiong listed the elements he could think of, and the two began brainstorming together. They fell into that familiar tacit rhythm of working side by side. It was a feeling Jiong hadn't experienced in a long time. But it was a good one. It made him nostalgic. When Juan propped her chin in her hands, lost in thought as she gazed out the window. Meanwhile, Jiong found himself staring at the girl's eyes, his mind drifting away. The moment I met her, I knew I had found my rainbow. She was just so beautiful. As time ticked by, Jiangs unblinking stare brought a rosy flush to her cheeks. She seemed to have noticed, but she didn't stop thinking, contemplating their shared future. When Juan's eyes suddenly brightened, she picked up the pen and quickly wrote four characters on the paper. Fingertip future. How about this? The moment she moved, Gone had already looked away. He turned the name over in his mind. He had to admit it was actually quite good. The internet industry relies on coders. Coders rely on their fingertips using their keyboards to create the future. something like that. But if you need an advertising slogan, you should leave that to an agency. They're more professional. Okay, this is it. Regardless of anything else, that's a hell of a vision to sell. Huh? When one chuckled, then immediately composed herself. Gone made the call and the company name was finally set. From now on, this is our company. Ah. When Juan nodded along, accepting the term ours, she was secretly thrilled. Even though nothing had truly begun yet, she felt as though she could already see the future right at her fingertips. Let's go. We've wasted enough time. We need to get back to school, right? Stepping out of the hotel and leaving their work mindset behind, the atmosphere turned awkward once more. The problem remained. What exactly was their relationship now? Both of them seemed to realize this at the same time, coming to a halt on the hotel steps. They looked at each other, though only a few steps apart. The distance felt vast. It wasn't the conversation they feared, but the sudden suffocating silence. "Let's just take a cab back to school," Jiong said, trying to break the tension. "Okay," Jiong waved at the passing traffic, but it seemed no taxi was willing to stop. The silence was maddening, and Jiong finally couldn't help but light a cigarette, seeing that they couldn't catch a ride. When Muan began to feel anxious, she wondered if her impulsive move to come to Bang would be seen as the girl chasing a guy across a thousand miles trope from some melodramatic show. How did Jong view such behavior? Would he look down on her for it? Just as when Juan's mind began to spiral, Jong spoke first. Why did you come to benching? Regardless of anything else for you, for your capabilities, Ching Hua or peeking would have been a better choice. Men and women shouldn't ask why, especially that kind of why. But in the end, Jiong had to ask. He really truly wanted the answer. When Juan kept her head down, looking at her still damp shoes, her thoughts in a constant state of flux. Why did I come to benching? When did I decide this? Is there anything in this world that one truly cannot let go of? Would everything be better if I had gone to Beijing? A flurry of questions raised through her mind, followed by one answer after another. She turned to face Gang's gaze. Asterisk, "Is there really anything in this world that cannot be set aside? Is there any path in this world so difficult that it forces us to let all our youth and all our autumns pass us by?" asterisk. Why would I want to spend the best years of my life away from you? Cough. The cigarette burned my lip. Chapter 71. Suffocating. A few seconds ago, when Juan had been pondering this question from Gone for a long time, and he had been waiting just as long. The cigarette had already burned down to the filter. The acurid smell of scorched paper thick in the air. Yet neither of them seemed to notice. Not until the ember singed Jiangs lip. When Juan's counter question had struck a cord deep within him, right? Why had he left her behind during the best years of their lives? People who have already walked the path always lecture those who haven't. You'll regret it when you're older. Yes, it is easy to feel regret when you're older. Regret for every single moment of the past. But as someone who had lived it, Jong had come to a realization on a certain night long ago. It was this. Don't blame your younger self. Standing alone in the fog of uncertainty back then, that kid was just as lost as anyone else. There was no need to regret the things he had done. Every decision he made at that time was the best one he could conceive with the understanding he possessed. Perhaps if he had been armed with more wisdom and knowledge, he would have made different choices. But that didn't mean the past decisions were wrong or worthless. When might not have understood all that, but she possessed a kind of courage that the worldly wise Gone lacked. Only the courage of a shut in girl was always so fleeting. When Gone looked at her again, she had already returned to staring at the tips of her shoes. Things having reached this point, what more was there for Gone to be confused about? On the contrary, he felt more relief than anything else. I won't leave you again. She finally heard it. The clear, direct answer she had craved when toes curled inside her shoes. Her ears burned scarlet. She was completely rattled, her heart hammering against her ribs like a trapped deer. Thankfully, a taxi pulled up in front of them right then. When one opened the door as if fleeing for her life, the cab's here. Let's go. Yeah. Inside the taxi, when Juan sat on the left, G foam on the right. She rested her chin on her hand, staring out the window. He tapped his forehead, scrolling through his phone. The two looked in opposite directions, sinking back into their familiar silence. When Juan's right hand rested casually on the seat, and at some point, Ji Fangs hand drifted out almost subconsciously. When he brushed against her soft, slender fingers, she flinched, then quickly curled her own fingers back, hooking them around his pinky. The hold didn't last long, only a few seconds before she let go. when Nuan's brows knitted together, a flicker of displeasure in her eyes. That night, you brought Muancho back. I was there on the third floor, right outside 302 foot. Gi are all women like this. She was fine a moment ago, and suddenly she's digging up ancient history. Hadn't he explained this already? Jong knew full well how grudgeolding women could be. They could recall something from over a decade ago and whip it out as leverage the next time a fight broke out. It seemed Wuan was a perfectly normal woman after all. Seeing Gi Foam stay silent, the corners of Wuan's mouth began to droop. I saw you holding hands and her invitation for the next time. I saw it with my own eyes. Goam rubbing his temples and resignation, Jongo began to recount how he had met Mu Wanchio over the summer. I do know Muio. Seeing her wounded expression, he suddenly felt the urge to pat her head. But when he reached out, Wuan dodged him. Ugg. Look, I met Muancho when our company was first getting off the ground. She's the landlord. Our office, the apartment we rented, all of it belongs to her family. Jiong began to explain the circumstances of their meeting. Wuan kept her eyes fixed on his. Fortunately, Jiangs gaze remained clear and his tone steady. That eased the tension in Wuan's brow. And that night, that night, our two dorms had dinner together. Mu Wancho picked up the tab, so I walked her back. As much as I hate throwing someone else under the bus, I have to be honest, the handholding and the invitation for dinner were her doing, not mine. Next time I return the favor, you can come with me. Upon hearing that, Jon would invite her along when he treated Muanio. When Juan tilted her head, scratching at her hair to hide the faint upward curve of her lips. Okay. The hotel wasn't far, and the ride back to school was short. The rain had let up a little. Getting out of the car, Jong lowered the umbrella. Let me walk you back. Okay. Gong stood beside her, holding the umbrella, and they headed back onto campus. Their pace had become remarkably synchronized. Come to think of it, it had been nearly 2 months since they had strolled together like this. Both of them savored the feeling of walking through the rain. Their shoes were already soaked, so there was no point in worrying about the puddles. Walking near the water, when one really wanted to stomp in a puddle, something she had wanted to do since she was little, but had never dared. If she had splashed around like that as a child, her mother would have scolded her. But seeing students passing by here and there, she ultimately abandoned the idea. Just as they reached the entrance to the girl's dormatory, when Nuan, who had been quiet the whole way, suddenly turned around. Goam. Yep. As Goam paused, surprised, the girl in the white windbreaker stepped right into a puddle, spinning once as the water rippled outward. Then she gave him a slight bow. It looked a bit like the end of a ballet performance. Before Jono could say a word, when Muan waved at him, "Bye. Yeah, bye." After saying goodbye to Gongo, when ran up the stairs. By the time she reached her dorm, her heart was still thumping wildly, but her face had already returned to that familiar indifferent mask. When Nuan suffered from social anxiety, her cold exterior was essentially a form of self-p protection. But in college, there's always that one roommate who talks enough to break through anyone's defenses. Like Jeang Xiao in Jiangs dorm, or Wong Nan in 302. As soon as she walked in, Wong Nan, who was busy munching on potato chips, immediately picked up on the anomaly. When Juan, why did you change your clothes? Remembering what Jong had told her, that people need to socialize and that college is the place for it. When Juan hesitated for a second before answering, I got soaked in the rain, so I went and bought a new set. Didn't you have an umbrella? It broke. That umbrella broke that easily. Yeah. Feeling that the conversation was over, Wuan walked to the bathroom expressionlessly to take off her shoes, put on slippers, and rinse her feet. She went back to her bed to change into pajamas. As she pulled off her shirt, Wong Nan, who was watching from the side, nearly popped her eyes out. Wow. Wow. When one, you're so toned. You even have a blinds. What kind of monster figure is this? When turned away, embarrassed, avoiding Wong Nan's gaze. She quickly changed into her pajamas and collapsed onto her bed. But Wong Nan kept staring at her, making her feel awkward. What is it? Looking at Wuan's wooden expression, Wong N couldn't resist her busy body tendencies. Wuan, you look so melancholy. Are you unhappy? When's expression turned even more peculiar? Her brows twitched. Melancholy? Maybe a little, but it wasn't the melancholy of sadness. It was the sheer intensity of her happiness. Could she really tell Wong then that so many wonderful things had happened today? meeting G foam, talking about work and the future, clearing up the misunderstanding, even hooking pinkies. She desperately wanted to roll around on her bed, but there were people in the room, and in order to maintain her necessary facade of calm and aloofness, she couldn't. She was absolutely suffocating. Chapter 72. You shall be addressed as CO1. I'm fine, thanks. You sure? Really? Wong Nan was itching to dig into some gossip with Wan, but seeing as Wuan didn't seem interested, she didn't push it. When Juan plugged her phone in, as soon as it booted up, a message from Ghone popped up. Log on. A faint smile touched when Nuan's lips at the sight of the text. The log on between her and Goam wasn't for gaming like League of Legends or Dota. It was strictly business. When Nuan loved working with Goam, it made her feel fulfilled and gave her a sense of personal growth. She pulled out her laptop to get ready and Wong Nan's voice chimed in again. Wan, are you going to play games? I play League of Legends 2. My sona is god tier. When Juan League of Legends, she recalled Gone playing that. He seemed to like it. Though she couldn't quite figure out why his face always looked so grim whenever he finished playing with Doing and the others, she'd ask him when she had a chance. I don't play games. I have to work now. Work? Yeah, a part-time job. Oh, I see. Carry on then. It wasn't unusual for college students to have side gigs, but it was rare to see a girl like Wuan starting one on her very first day. Computers were much more convenient than phones for messaging. After months of practice, when Juan was typing quite fast now, "Can you hop on a video call?" As she opened Q, a new message was already blinking. Wu one glanced at Wong Nan and pursed her lips slightly. Not very convenient. My roommate is here. Okay, better record what happened today. Note any flaws or loopholes so we can fill them in later. Got it. She and Jiong had chatted quite a bit back at the hotel. It had been raining heavily then, and some of her inspirations and ideas hadn't been documented. As the manager of the studio, this was all part of her duties. While drafting a detailed schedule, she kept up a casual intermittent back and forth with Goam. When Juan felt an unusual sense of peace and satisfaction, she had Goam, she had work, and she was earning money while growing as a person. College life should stay like this forever, right? Thinking of the future, the corners of her mouth curled up again. After a long silence, Gong suddenly sent a lengthy message. When one, if we actually incorporate, this won't be some studio playinghouse anymore. The company will start small, but it won't stay small for long. Things are going to become strict and your status will change completely. You will be the CEO of Fingertip Future. It might sound ridiculous now. Some people might even laugh at it. But don't you treat it like a joke. Take it seriously. Understand? Had it not been for the groundwork laid earlier that day when might have thought the title of Sio was a bit over the top. But now I understand. I will hold myself to the highest standard. Good. Shanghai isn't like Pearl City. Everyone used to just hang out together without drawing any lines. But things are different now. After military training, I'll take you to the studio and confirm your position and authority with the rest of them. Remember, don't try to bond with the staff, not even with the guys who have been here the longest. From now on, whether I'm around or not, you are to be addressed as CEO. Understood. I will do my best. Back in the men's dorm, after settling things with Wuan, Jiong had no desire to keep working. The other three adopted sons weren't back yet, and he enjoyed the peace. He casually opened the Shanghai University campus forum. There were five main sections: academics, social, alumni, trading, and education. The layout wasn't exactly primitive, and the click response time was decent enough, no lag. It showed some technical competence, but not much as the formatting felt incredibly dated. Overall, it was falling behind the times. Jong skipped the academics and education sections, focusing his attention on the middle three. The alumni and trading sections were filled with job postings and recruitment ads. Beyond that, there were lost and found notices, buy and sell threads, package pickup requests, and takeout delivery offers. Jiong stared at a cat lost post in the lost and found section for a long while. The layers of updates in the replies caught his interest, leaving him lost in thought. As he dove deeper into the thread, his lips curved upward. Keeping his movement subtle, he navigated to the trading section. He spent a fortune 35 yu on a pop to buy 10 abandoned black market forum accounts, five male, five female. All of them had registered emails and full student profiles. Paying 35 yuan for a campus forum account was borderline insane. But it didn't matter. To steer the narrative, you had to have the accounts ready. After taking note of the credentials, Gong changed the names, passwords, and adjusted the hidden profile info. He then picked one of the female accounts. In the lost and found section, he made his first post. Seeking someone offering 200 forum coins. saw a strong, handsome guy get rejected after a confession near the dorms east of the cafeteria around noon. Name, please. Then he began the standard work of guiding the rhythm. First floor, no photo. You're looking for a ghost. Second floor, upvoted. Third floor, is that O Shiau from his junior year? The guy on the basketball team. Fourth floor, can someone with big hands post a picture? 22nd floor. O Shiau getting rejected is nothing. He's a total scumbag. 23rd floor. Is it this guy? Image. Definitely a scumbag. Can't say much about the rest. 24th floor. I know him, too. Basketball team. Absolute scumbag. My roommate got played by him. 31st floor. He's notorious. I've still got the screenshots and the chat logs. It went viral back then. Gone watched the thread while brainstorming the company's upcoming traffic driving strategy. Almost 50% of the replies were just him putting on a one-man show. There were a few curious bystanders, but the users behind replies, 23, 24, and 31 were the rare few who likely had the real dirt. He checked their profiles and sent friend requests to the two who had Q listed. To each of them, he left a note saying he hoped to contact them, promising a generous reward. He also sent each of them 100 forum coins, the equivalent of 10 yuan, as an opening gesture. You couldn't give too much or it would ruin the effect. Guiding the rhythm like this was still a very wholesome art form in this era. Once he was done, Gone deleted the post, acting as if nothing had ever happened. The forum wouldn't respond immediately. Gi gave himself a week. If no one took the bait, he'd stir the pot again or find another way. College is such a hassle. When you're a minor, fighting is just kids being kids. Once you're an adult, anything more than three people involved, and it's suddenly organized crime makes everything inconvenient. Jong had always believed that the fastest way to solve a problem was through violence. But this was a society governed by law now. You couldn't be too reckless. You had to follow the rules. And he Gome was a rule-abiding student. He checked the time. It was already dusk. Jongo opened Q and messaged Win, who was marked as busy. Want to grab dinner together tonight? Yes. Just as when Nuan's reply came in, the dorm door kicked open with a violent thud. Fungi, you want to go to the cafeteria for dinner? Gi paused, pondered for a second, and waved his hand. Wait a moment. Then he sent a follow-up to Win. My roommates want to grab dinner at the cafeteria. Want to meet them? Sure. Chapter 73. I miss you, too. Gi let out a faint laugh. Most of the time, the exchanges between him and Wuan were just these single word affirmations. See you at the canteen. Okay. Fongji, you got a date? Yeah. A guy or a girl? A girl. I knew it. Is it Muanio? No. Could it be that Yuiwi? That girl doesn't seem simple. Fong Ji, I'm worried you won't be able to handle her. Faced with Jeang Xiao, who kept babbling beside him, Jiong felt a bit helpless. It's neither. You haven't met her. Upon hearing this, Jeang Xiaos expression, which had been normal a moment ago, immediately twisted into pure envy. Fungi, you've got a new girl again. You've got way too many. I'm begging you, stop picking them up and leave some for the rest of us, will you? What do you mean again? Look at Muano earlier or Yiwei this morning. They're all girls who go after you. You're playing on a completely different level than those pathetic love gurus in our class. Just quit while you're ahead, Fong Ji. No, those weren't it? None of them. So, this one is. Jeang Xiao sneered, feeling that with Ji Fangs game, it was impossible for him to forsake an entire forest for just one little flower. His seduction technique was definitely that of a master player. But when Jiong heard this, he stopped in his tracks and looked at Jeang Xiao very seriously. This one is, Huh. Jecha's reaction was a bit slow. It took him a moment to catch up. Those weren't, but this one is. Okay, I get it, brother. I've been enlightened. Enlighten my ass. Get to the canteen. Don't waste time. On the way, Jeang Chiao kept rambling on and on, but Jiong barely paid him any mind. It wasn't until Jeang Cha finally hit his breaking point and pleaded for help. Fong Gi Fong Gi, teach me how to date. The upperassman just started ignoring me today. I really don't know what to do. Fong J. Gone paused. Why was it still that same upper classman? Didn't he already tell him to cut it off this morning? Well, if a S wants to keep sing, there's no stopping him. You are truly hopeless. At the same time, in the girl's dormatory, when Nuan was brushing her hair and changing clothes with lightning speed, standing before the mirror, the thought that she might see Gi Fangs roommates made her feel like she should wear something prettier. What should she wear? A kneelength skirt, a slim fit top, or perhaps something sharp and professional. These were all outfits Gi Foam had helped her pick out in the past, and she didn't really have a sense for it herself. After hesitating for a few seconds, she moved her mouse and searched, "What kind of clothes do guys like girls to wear?" Looking at the most popular threads, they almost all mentioned. Guys prefer girls to dress modestly in public and a bit sexier when they're alone. In public, modest. Having grasped the gist, when ended up just wearing the sports outfit Goam had someone buy for her earlier that day, tying her hair into a slightly higher ponytail. She left simple and clean. Just as she was heading out, Wong then shouted, "Bring me a plate of stir-fried noodles on your way back." "Okay." The girl's dormatory was closer to the canteen than the boys. When when Juan arrived, Jiong hadn't reached it yet. She was naturally beautiful, and even in casual wear, that distant, chilly aura of hers couldn't be hidden. It drew quite a few side glances. When Juan kept her head down and walked toward the less crowded areas to avoid the eyes of other students, she raised her phone to check. No text from Gome yet. She didn't want to rush him. She was afraid that if she sent him useless messages everyday, he'd find her annoying. So, even though this shutting girl wasn't used to standing in such a crowded place, she didn't want to leave. Not far from the canteen, Su Ming and Joe Han were staring blankly. Mingji, I think I just saw a fairy. I saw her first. There are so many beauties at Shanghai University. I feel like this one is even prettier than Muano. It really is quite something. As the two were whispering, Jiong and Jeang Chao walked over. What are you looking at? Jeang Chao patted them on the shoulders, checking out a beauty. Come on, let me see how beautiful she is. Jean Xiao looked in the direction Su Ming and the others were pointing and saw Wan. He couldn't help but gasp. Holy [ __ ] At his exclamation when Juan actually looked over toward them. Ming Ji, look. The beauty is looking at me. [ __ ] She's clearly looking at me. Holy crap. The beauty is walking toward me. Under the somewhat shocked gazes of Ji Fangs three roommates, Wuan walked up to them. Before any of his foster sons could speak, Jiong stepped forward to make introductions. Let me introduce you. This is Wuan. And these three are my roommates, Su Ming, Zhaoi Han, and Jeang Chao. Hello. When Nuan gave the three of them a slight nod, maintaining her cold, aloof expression, one couldn't tell if she was happy or upset. Jeang Xiao and the others stared at each other in confusion, especially Su Ming. He stopped looking at Wuan entirely and just kept glaring at Jong. The words, "The heavens are unfair" practically written on his face. "Do you guys have any special requests? If not, I'm just going to grab whatever." "Yeah, just eat whatever," Jong said. "Okay." After they got their food, seeing that Goam didn't continue with the introductions, the three roommates didn't have the nerve to ask about Wuan right then and there. They planned to arrest the culprit, Gi Foam, as soon as they got back to the dorm, feeling the occasional gaze from the three of them, when Juan felt awkward about staring at Gongo too much. She wasn't one for conversation anyway, so she just kept her head down and ate in silence. It was an awkward meal, but when Juan was mostly happy, she could finally eat in the canteen with Gongo again, just like back in high school. The only pity was that there were others around. Whenever there were too many people, she was too shy to eat much. She ended up not quite full, but it didn't matter. Jiong had introduced her to his roommates. That was a good start. After the meal, Jiong exchanged a word with Wan, but he was immediately dragged away by his three roommates and couldn't even walk her back. Wan squeezed her hands, feeling in high spirits as she bought a plate of stir-fried noodles for Wong Nan and returned to the dorm. Back in the dorm, Gone was immediately cornered. All right, spill it. What's your relationship with Wan? Fongji said before that Wan was different. Even Mu Wano didn't get that treatment. She's definitely his girlfriend. Jeang Chiao added a stab of his own. Jong lay prone on his bed, refusing to surrender. Just remember that she's different. That's all you need to know. We aren't official yet. Once we are, I'll give you guys candy. Who? Different. Ooh, candy. The three spoke in unison, their expressions becoming increasingly like those of a father figure. Jongo shook them off and leaned against the wall, his mind drifting to an unusual thought. Of course, when Juan is different, she doesn't even know to open an umbrella on rainy days, so I have to look after her. Jiong finished and broke into a grin. To his roommates, that smile looked no different from a leerous smirk. Fungi, that smile of yours is so leerous. Get lost. After repeatedly confirming that Jiong truly had no interest in Muanio, the fire in Su Mings heart reignited once more. Since you don't like Muanchio, then I'm going to pursue her. Ji Fong smiled, his expression remaining as calm as ever. Whether you pursue her or not, you really don't need to tell me. I'm nobody to her, and I have no right to interfere or dictate her life. Besides, she has her own independent personality and thoughts. Mingji, I hope you understand what I mean. Suming looked at Jiangs serious expression and nodded. After washing up, Jung laid down and opened his phone. A new message appeared on WeChat. Peace is a blessing. has added you as a friend. Attach message. I miss you. Giong stared at the message in a days, then immediately accepted the request. I miss you too, Mom. Chapter 74. Thanks for playing. I just set up this we chat. How did you know it was me? The only woman who dares to express her love so blatantly is my dear old mom. Love you, Mom. Jiong chuckled. It seemed his mother wanted to play a little emotional game with her son. How have you been lately? Doing great. Everything is finally looking up. As long as you're good, that's all that matters. Hold on, Mom. Let me start a family group chat so I can pull dad in, too. After sending that, Jiong found his father, Ji Guanguan, and added both of them to a new group. Peace is a blessing. Fishing God and Summer Breeze have joined the group. Group name changed to a loving family. Fishing God, son, don't smoke too much at school. It's bad for your health. If you're short on cash, just call home. Peace is a blessing. That's right. College isn't like being at home. You're on your own now, so you have to take care of yourself. Fishing God, your mom is right. Summer breeze, don't worry. I'll take care of myself. You guys do the same. And dad, you cut down on the smoking, too. Peace is a blessing. Don't you worry about your old man. He's got his wife to look after him. Unlike you, 18 years old and still a single dog. Fishing God, your mom is right. Summer breeze. Are you really dragging your own son in here just to roast him? Peace is a blessing. You're won't change the fact that you're a single dog. You're in college now. Hurry up and find a girlfriend. Fishing god. Your mom is right. Summer breeze. Haha. Fine. Old G. You're really a pro at folding, aren't you? Think I'll be lacking in options. Don't you rush me. At that same time, at a roadside food stall, the girls from Guushi Wedding's dorm were gathering with those from Muio's. They were neighbors, dorm 305 and 306. As it happened, both Guushi Wedding and Mu Wanchio were business administration majors. Mu Wanchio wanted to dig into Ji Fangs past and Guushi Wedding was eager to make friends with her new classmates. After some light conversation, they decided to just have a meal together. Mu Wancho was excellent at navigating social situations. Even though she knew her own beauty was top tier and her wealth was even more so, she still made sure to center the spotlight on Guushi wedding. She wedding, you're so pretty. I'm the one who suggested this. So, of course, dinner is on me. Sigh. I've never even been in a relationship. Looks like I'll have to ask you for pointers later. She could sweet talk anyone, man or woman, into the palm of her hand, except for Goam. Gucci wedding wasn't exactly emotionally mature. Under the barrage of Mu Wanio's honeyed words, and with two beers down, she felt like she was floating. She started spilling her past like a bag of beans. As they talked, Muano brought up the trio's high school days. G Foam, when one, you three were classmates in high school, right? Gucci wedding, whose alcohol tolerance was average, looked a bit woozy. Yeah, we were in the same class for 3 years. No, wait. That's not right. I only met when in high school. But Ji Fong and I, it's not as simple as just being classmates. We've been together since we were kids. We even ended up at the same university. Wio, that's what you call fate. Hearing the word fate made the unease and moo wants heart sharpen. She had assumed they were just classmates. She never expected Guushi wedding and Ji Fong to be childhood sweethearts. Yet, she remembered Jiong saying he didn't have a girlfriend. And it seemed like Guushi Wedding was actually quite afraid of Win. What on earth happened between them? Did something happened between you two foot? Jiong has liked me for years. Since middle school? No, wait. Since elementary school. Seeing Mu Wano interested in Jiong, Guushi Wedding started reminiscing about their childhood. She talked about how Jong bought her breakfast every morning. How he saved her a seat every single day. How he took her everywhere when they went out and protected her whenever a fight broke out. She listed every little detail, every trivial incident. Especially when she spoke about how Jiong had confessed to her several times only for her to reject him with various flimsy excuses. A flicker of triumph flashed across her face. Muanchio to Muanio. These words felt almost surreal. Was the Gong that Guushi described really the same Gong she knew? The cold, calm, polite, and fierce one needed to be Gong. As Guushi wedding bragged about playing with Ji Fangs feelings, Mu Wancho felt a genuine sense of suffocation. Had he really once been that humble, crawling in the dirt for her? Mu Wancho didn't lash out. She had no right to be angry on Jangs behalf. So, she just took a few deep breaths, steadied her emotions, and pulled Guushi Wedding away from the group. It's too crowded over there. It's not great to talk about Gong like that. What happened after? Gui Wedding was already lost in her own world, failing to notice the change in Mu Wanio's demeanor. thinking of how Ji Phone had walked away. Her voice took on a sobbing tone. After that, there was no after. Wonio Jiong liked me for so many years. Why did he suddenly stop talking to me? He suddenly stopped talking to Guushi wedding. Hearing this, Mu Wano felt an inexplicable sense of relief for him. Thank God at least he was free. Suppressing her complicated emotions, she confirmed once more. Guushi wedding, you said Gone like you for years and then suddenly he just cut you off. Yes, he stopped talking to me. He won't talk to me anymore. Wio, do you think people get karma for failing someone who loved them that much? Mu Wano stared at Guushi wedding. Her upbringing kept her from hurling insults. After adjusting her breathing again, she spoke slowly. Failing someone who loved you, there's no such thing as karma for that. You just need to realize that what you missed out on was the absolute ceiling of what your life could have been. The fact that you could fail him only proves that you lack the capacity to perceive greatness. God won't give you such a heavens opportunity twice. Just keep moving forward. You won't be punished. It's just that your future luck will revert to the mean. And of course, the person you missed out on has reverted to his mean as well. After all, his lowest point was you and your highest point was him. It took a stroke of bad luck for him to even get entangled in this wretched mess with you. And the peak of your entire life was meeting him. Now everything is back on its proper track. From now on, you are two parallel lines that will never intersect again. Huh? Wo, are you mad? As Guushi Wedding was still processing those words, Mu Wano stood up to pay the bill. By the time the dinner was over, Gucci Wedding felt like she was in a days. Back at the school at the convenience store outside the dormatory. A tipsy Guushi wedding wanted to buy some gum, but no matter how she looked, she couldn't find her wallet. Just as she felt embarrassed, a cold, familiar voice came from behind her. Put hers on my tab. Miss, we're piloting Alip Pay payments here. There's a discount. Would you like to try it? Sure. Gucci Wedding turned around dazed, and saw Wuan standing there, phone in hand, expressionless. She opened her mouth, but the sharp word she used to have ready died in her throat. Thank you. When spoke, her face almost completely devoid of emotion. I should be the one thanking you. Guushi Wedding had imagined many scenarios for a conversation between herself and Win, but she never expected this. She gave a bitter smile. Wan, I think I've just been dumped. Wan looked at Guushi wedding earnestly and nodded. Thanks for playing. Chapter 75. People under the sun. Thank you for participating. The phrase left Gucci Wedding's mind, already hazy with a touch of drunken stouper, feeling even more detached. Her relationship with Goam was like a scratchoff ticket at a lottery stand. There were a hundred in a booklet, and surely one of them had to be a grand prize. Jong had bought the whole lot, handing her 99 of them. She had scratched off those 99 without a second thought, but none of them were winners. In truth, if she had simply reached out her hand at any point, Jiong would have undoubtedly given her the one he held, the one that was guaranteed to be the winner. Yet, she hadn't even been willing to reach out. Looking back, Jiong had truly walked 99 steps toward her, but she had never been willing to take even a single step toward him. Now, no matter how much she might like him, he was already retreating. Why is the armor-piercing bow called Last Whisper? Because the final whisper he left behind had ruthlessly torn through the heart defenses she once thought were impenetrable. Nothing stays the same forever, neither people nor circumstances. Mu Wano had told her that she lacked the capacity to perceive beauty and had missed the ceiling of her own life. That now that luck had shifted, she would never again encounter someone who gave so unconditionally to her. Would it really be like that? While Gucci Wedding was still caught in her trance, when Juan had already picked up her snacks and walked out from the supermarket checkout, her steps were light, more spirited than ever before. When Juan When Juan stopped in her tracks, Guushi Wedding's gaze suddenly turned resolute. I like Gongo, too. I always have. Oh. The three days of orientation passed in a blur. When Juan and Gone were both swamped, busy ironing out the structural kinks in their studio following its relocation to Shanghai. On the morning of the fourth day, the arrival of military transport trucks signaled that the freshmen of Shanghai University were about to begin their two-week military training. To be fair, military training is grueling. formation drills, chanting slogans, crawling through the mud, singing contests, endurance marches. None of it was a walk in the park. The weather after the heavy rains had turned scorching, growing hotter with each passing day. By the time the training rules were read out that morning, the students were already drenched in sweat. During the training, everyone wore identical camouflage fatigues and caps. There was no room for fashion. Those beauties who usually relied on heavy makeup to scrape by as a seven out of 10 were under the blazing sun nothing more than a melted mess of caked on foundation. They didn't quite look like ghosts, but they were certainly terrifying to behold. During a break in the drills, the three gods of dorm 205 minus suing huddled together under a tree outside the parade ground. There was no helping it. Shade was scarce and they had no desire to crowd in with the rest of the mob. The training intensity at Shanghai University was no joke. Jiong, who exercised regularly, was doing all right, but Zoi Han and Jean Chow were already reduced to corpses lying sideways on the grass. Jeang Chow scanned the passing students. Since everyone wore baggy uniforms, it was hard to tell much of anything unless they had a particularly unique physique. Holy [ __ ] foam, look at that one. Holy crap, a Snorlax. Where? Where? Zhao Han sprang up like a shot. Let me see. Even Gi Foam, with his usual unflapable composure, couldn't help but turn his head. A man will remain a boy until he dies. For a guy, seeing a real life Snorlax is a rare event. Holy hell, for real. Following Jeang Xiao's lead, Jamong saw a girl roughly 150 cm tall and perhaps 250 lb. Her camouflage uniform strained to the point of distortion. Being heavy wasn't the issue, but she had long hair and was wearing a full face of makeup. Heat only made heavy set people sweat more, and the moisture had matted her hair into clumps. The foundation on her face was gloopy and uneven, resembling the grime one scrubs off in the shower. It was frankly absurd. Even a worldly man like Goam was momentarily stunned. Oh [ __ ] she's looking over here. Fo, stop looking. Hi. Huh? Before Gone could react, the heavy girl was already marching straight toward him. What are you staring at? Never seen a pretty girl before. Hi. Gone was struck dumb. The never seen a pretty girl line was enough to make his brain cells commit suicide. Besides, the smell radiating from her was impossible to handle. A mixture of sweat, body odor, and cheap sunbaked cosmetics. All layered over some perfume of unknown origin. Even for someone as experienced as Goam, that scent forced him to take an involuntary step back. What? Heck out your tongue? Do you have any idea how rude it is to stare at a girl like that? Gone pulled himself together, wiped the sweat from his brow, and gave a faint shake of his head. I apologize if my gaze made you uncomfortable. I rarely use my words to attack someone's appearance. So, I must apologize for what I am about to say as well. I know that rather than losing weight, some people prefer to redefine beauty. But I must remind you, classmate, beauty is a form of freedom. But that doesn't mean you have to be dripping with grease. You huh? Dripping with grease. Haha. As soon as Jiong spoke, Jeang Xiao and Zhao Han couldn't hold it in anymore. While marveling at how lethal Jiangs tongue was, the two of them quickly jumped up and dragged him away. There was no staying put. The stench coming off the Snorlax was too intense. They couldn't handle it. After escaping, the three returned to the training, continuing their agonizing existence until noon. When the computer science class's training finally ended, the crowd let out a collective howl, grabbed their phones, and dispersed. As they queued to collect their devices, the class gathered together. There were few girls in the computer science department, and from a distance, Jiong spotted Yiua and a few other classmates being chatted up by some of the boys in their class. Phone, that Yiua is actually pretty decent. Look at those legs. Don't bother with the girls in our class. Why not? We've got four years ahead of us. Think how awkward it'll be if you break up, huh? Can't you just stay together? Jiong glanced at Jang Chow as if looking at a pure, naive vegetable. As they talked, Yiwi seemed to notice Jong. She flashed him a grin, but Jiong completely ignored her. Yiwi, look at that handsome guy over there. His name is Jiong. Wow, he looks so shy. Don't you want to make a move? Jang Tian, who was standing next to Yiua, whispered, "Shy, huh? There wasn't a single person in the class who could fake it better than him." Yiwa knew all too well how difficult Gi was to deal with. Seeing that Jeang Tion had designs on him, she immediately added fuel to the fire with a smirk. You interested in him? If you're interested, go for it. We're in college now. What are you afraid of? All right, I'm going. Watching Jeong Tan trot over on her tiptoes, Yiwi crossed her arms and leaned back to watch the show. Jiong noticed the girl running toward him. She wasn't tall, maybe a little over 150 cm. And standing before her, the height difference was quite pronounced. Seeing Jeang Tion acting all koi and nervous, Jono prepared to walk right past her. Wait, hold on. Gi turned back. Jean Tion put on a very nervous act. Gi, could I have your WeChat? Gone frowned. No. Jean Tion clearly hadn't expected such a blunt rejection. Had her pure and sweet act failed? She hurriedly pressed, why not? I'm already using my WeChat. You can register a new one yourself. Jean Tion. Chapter 76. Playing hard to get is honestly pretty pathetic. Jeang Chiao standing to the side was dumbfounded. Was this some new avantgard way to pick up girls? Jong had already grabbed his phone and prepared to leave, but Jeang Tion chased after him again. Classmate Gome, that's not what I meant. I just meant, could you add me on WeChat chat? This time, Gong thought about it for a second, then shook his head. No. Why? No reason. Rejected twice in a row, Jeang Tion felt her composure slipping. The sting of defeat and her wounded pride brewed together into a cocktail of annoyance and lingering infatuation. She clasped her hands behind her back and took a few extra steps to cut him off. TCH: Fine, don't add me then. Who do you think you are? Why aren't you saying anything? Playing the brooding cold type. You don't actually think you look cool like this, do you? Because you don't. Guys, playing the hard to get game is honestly pretty pathetic. The vote for the computer science class hottie hasn't even started yet. And with you acting like this, I'm definitely not giving you my vote. So, are you really not going to add me? Some opportunities only come around once, you know. Gi couldn't hold back a laugh. His stoic mask shattered. Jeang Tion took a few more hurried steps to keep up. Not because Jono was walking fast, but because her legs were short. Each of her steps was only half of one of his. You laughed. You laughed. So, you're responsible now, right? Just add me. Come on. Watching Jeong Tions persistent clinging display, Jiong finally stopped in his tracks. Is there actually something you need? No, I just want to get to know you. Jong shook his head slightly. If there's nothing else, then forget it. I already have a girlfriend. She doesn't talk about it much, but I know she's the jealous type. I don't want to upset her, so I hope you can understand. Jeang Tion froze. She hadn't expected such a blunt, straightforward refusal. She wondered what his girlfriend looked like. After a brief pause, Jeang Tion actually chased after him again. There is. There is. I really do have something to talk to you about. What is it? I'm with the class organization committee. Things like social practice, recruitment, promotions, job hunting, and school assigned tasks all have to be communicated through us. After military training ends in a few days, the student union is organizing a freshman mixer. Everyone has to participate. I'm the liazison for the senior student union, so I handle all the talent exchanges. As Gone listened, he saw the short, sweet girl batting her large eyes at him. Talent and promotion, huh? Jiong finally stopped walking. Seeing she had a shot, Jeang Tion pressed further. If you have any job hunting needs, just leave it to me. Can we add each other now? Fine. Skim my code. Got it. After adding him on WeChat, Jeang Tion beamed with triumph. She turned her head toward Yiwi and gave her an okay sign. To be honest, Yiui was genuinely shocked. She hadn't expected Jeion to actually snag Ji Fangs contact info. Once Jong Tion walked back, Yiwi couldn't suppress her curiosity. How did you pull that off? Yeah, yuwayi. I might not be as pretty as you, but I sure know how to abuse my power for personal gain. Speak plain English. He said he had a girlfriend and didn't want to add other girls. I figured that's easy. I'll just find some school business to throw his way. Boom. Problem solved. And I got the contact. Yuway's lips twitched. That actually works. He said he had a girlfriend. And you're still planning to make a move? Even the military has reserves, right? Why can't I be a reserve? If he breaks up with his girlfriend down the line, isn't that my chance? As long as you keep swapping partners, you'll never feel the sorrow, only the love. Even though Jeang Tion was spouting nonsense, Yiwi couldn't help but think she had a point. Jiong had a girlfriend. She wondered what kind of girl she was. In the school cafeteria, the four handsome men of dorm 205 were gathered. Jiong was fine, and Jeang Xiao and Joi Han were both doing okay. Su Ming, however, was the exception. He was slumped over the table like a dead dog, practically hanging his tongue out. Brother Ming, your constitution is weak. You need more goji berries in your diet. Get lost. I'm just a bit heatstroked. Brother Han, go grab some substantial dishes. My treat today. You got it. Don't order too much or you'll feel like crap all afternoon. Suming finished and pointed at Gone. Don't worry about all that now. I feel like absolute [ __ ] Brother Foam, whatever you want to eat, just tell brother Han. Don't just sit there like a statue. Gone waved his hand trying to stop Joi Han. Wait, that's not right. We have a rotation, right? It should be my turn to pay today. What the hell are you talking about? I want to eat something decent today, so why would you be paying? Don't worry about it. Just sit there and don't argue with me. Being called out by Su Ming, Gong felt helpless. He didn't know how to explain it. Ever since Mu Wanio transferred him 500 yuan via Alip Pay, and he claimed it was money from his mom, he'd been branded as the poor one. Fine. His clothes and shoes were cheap to off finds, but that was only because they were samples from the company. If he didn't wear them, they'd just go to waste. His laptop was secondhand because he had too many files and cloud transfers were a pain. His phone was an old model simply because he hadn't gotten around to upgrading it. But he wasn't short on cash. He was a rich man. Brother Ming, I'm really not short on money. Do you guys look down on me or something? Jong felt like saying that made him sound even more full of it. But Suming wasn't buying any of it. Stop yapping. Your brother Ming isn't hurting for that little bit of cash. Jong was getting exhausted. He really didn't want to mooch off his roommates. Even though Su Ming liked to act tough, he was a stand-up guy when it mattered. But he couldn't exactly slap his bank statement in Sumings face to prove he was loaded. It was a headache. Helpless, he pulled out his phone and sent a message to Win. Coming to the cafeteria for lunch. Coming. 5 minutes. Waiting for you. Wan was meticulous with her time. If she said 5 minutes, she'd be there within 5 minutes. He stood up, intending to head over with Zoi Han to grab an extra portion for her. But Shanghai University, while expansive, wasn't so massive that one couldn't bump into people as long as everyone ate in the cafeteria. Running into familiar faces every few days was inevitable. Jong had been at Shanghai University for exactly 4 days. So running into acquaintances wasn't entirely unexpected. For example, Guushi Wedding. When Guiu Wetting stared at Goam, her tray in hand and a look of confusion on her face, Go was speechless. Why do I run into her right now? What bad luck? The three adopted brothers in Jiangs dorm were already losing it. Brother Fong, don't tell me you know her too. Seeing Ji Fong remained silent, the three of them looked on with pure awe. Su Ming said indignantly, "Okay, I already know the answer. I shouldn't have even asked." Damn it. How could I have offered to pay for a beast like this? After the scathing review from Mu Wanio and the polite thanks, but no thanks from Wuan, Guushi Wedding had come to realize that being hottie was out of style. That pride she once clung to had been shattered into pieces. The problem was now that she'd shed that outer layer of arrogance, she didn't even know how to approach Jiong anymore. She didn't even know what to say to him in this exact moment. Jone, long time no. Before she could finish, a few of her roommates walked over. When they saw Guushi Wedding and Gone locked in a gaze, they stopped in their tracks. Guan Lee Joanne, the most loose-lipped of the bunch, blurted out, "Oh, I recognize you. You're that classmate of Shu Weddings, Gone, right? I've seen your photos on her phone. I heard from she wedding that you chased her for six or seven years and never got anywhere. Is that true? Are you really that pathetic of a s chapter 77? A dominant declaration. A pathetic growling s. The moment Guan Liuanne spat those words out, the expressions of everyone nearby shifted drastically. Gui wedding shook her head looking completely flustered as she turned to Ji Foam, desperate to explain. No, it's not like that. Jiong Suuming and the rest of the 205 boys had been enjoying the show, but hearing Guan Liuan spew such vicious insults, their self-appointed big brother couldn't just sit there. Suming slammed his hand on the table and rose to his feet. Watch your mouth. Who do you think you're talking to? Do you have any idea how high tier RG is? How many women do you think he's seen? He could just crook his finger and have the campus beauty running to him. Do you really think he'd waste six or seven years chasing someone like her? Gone looked at Su Ming, his expression blank. Brother, did I give you permission to hype me up like that? No, brother Ming, it's a bit complicated. Ji Fong tried to clarify, knowing full well that those years of sing before his rebirth had been all too real. Having only known him for a few days, Suming had clearly formed a stereotypical impression of him. What do you mean it's not? We're all from 205. If they don't know what kind of guy you are, how could I not? Come on, old G. Handle this yourself. Shut them up. Giong stood there awkwardly, taking a long moment to respond. Brother Ming, hold your horses. It's embarrassing to admit, but she's not entirely wrong. I did spend six or seven years playing the s for her, and I didn't even get anything for it. Huh? Suming froze. Although he considered himself superior to Jiong in almost every way, he had to admit that Jong had his own charm when it came to women. Yet, here he was admitting he'd been a s for that girl for nearly 7 years. What the hell? Is it even worth it? Isk. He glanced at Wuan, then at Muanio, then back at the bewildered Guushi wedding. Kid, what is wrong with you? See, I told you. Gui wedding said this herself back at dinner. Guani Joanne was still gloating, clearly finding some twisted satisfaction in using Guushi Wedding to trample on Gong. She was so blinded by malice that she didn't even notice the look of horror on Guushi Wedding's face. Shut up. Gui wedding snapped. Isn't he that same Gone you mentioned at dinner? Huh? Shut up. I said shut the hell up. Under Guushi Wedding's piercing shriek, Guan Liuanne finally clamped her mouth shut, looking unsettled. H Guushi wedding you Guushi Wedding ignored her, tears welling up in her eyes. She took a few unsteady steps forward and placed her tray on the table. Gi, it wasn't like that. I didn't say those things about you. I was drunk back then. Guushi Wedding, you really don't need to explain yourself to me. Besides, she wasn't lying. Gui wedding looked up, meeting his gaze. The indifference she saw there shattered her hope. She had seen how passionate his eyes used to be. Now looking at her was like looking at a slab of pork on a butcher's block. Goam, there are some things I want to say to you. Can we talk somewhere private? Sorry, I'm busy eating. If you have something to say, say it here. Gucci wedding bit her lip, her hands trembling. Nowhere to put them. I thought about a lot of things over summer break. I thought about our past, about when we were kids. I want to apologize. I know I've done a lot of things wrong, but I'll change. I'll really change. Her words fell like a stone in a calm pond. The onlookers finally realized something was up. Even if nothing had been explicitly stated, it was clear there was some heavy baggage between the two. Most people were just here for the drama. And even a young master like Suming knew not to overstep. But there's always an idiot in every crowd. Seeing the audience grow and hearing Guushi Wedding's plea for reconciliation, Guan Liuan couldn't resist fanning the flames. Seriously, Guushi Wedding, you actually want to get back together with this s? He's been graveling for years. Can you shut your mouth and get lost? Gui wedding roared at her. Guan Li Juans expression soured. She curled her lip and stomped off to the side, muttering, "Tich settling for a s." As the crowd thickened, Guushi Wedding looked back at Jongo, asking again, "Can we talk alone?" It had reached this point. He really didn't want to waste any more breath on her. "No need." Gi frowned, his eyes catching sight of Muanio, standing not far away. With two of the three beauties of the business administration freshman class now in the same spot, the atmosphere turned even more surreal. Muanio had just arrived. She didn't know the full story, but seeing Ji Fong and Guushi wedding in a standoff, she knew it wasn't a pleasant scene. Classmate Wio sit here. Suming gestured with a goofy grin. Mu Wano merely offered a slight nod before walking past him. When she reached Goam, she gently tapped his arm. Goam, I don't know what you two are arguing about, but there are too many eyes on you. People love a spectacle, and Guiu Wedding has a stubborn streak. Confronting her like this won't make her yield. I think you should handle this calmly somewhere else or you'll be the headline on the campus news. Gone took a short breath and nodded acknowledging her point. He pulled out his phone and sent a message to Winon. If I'm not here when you get to the cafeteria, just wait a moment. Asterisk asterisk. Okay. Asterisk. He gestured for Guushi wedding to follow him outside and headed straight for the exit. Gui Wedding wiped her tears and hurried after him. Once they left, the crowd began to disperse. Mu Wancho didn't follow them, nor did she sit down to eat. She stood with her arms crossed, her eyes sweeping over Guushi Wedding's roommates. Mu Wano usually carried a refreshing, gentle aura. But today, her gaze was cold enough to chill the bone, especially for Suuming. His status as a wealthy air was useless here. He found he didn't even dare to breathe too loudly in her presence. He couldn't replicate the cool indifferent grace Gi foam possessed. Pinned by Mu Wanchio's stare, Guushi Wedding's other two roommates started waving their hands in surrender. We didn't say anything. Seeing them fold, Mu Wano shifted her gaze, locking her eyes firmly onto Guan Li Juanne. She hadn't heard what Guan Li Juan said at the very beginning. But those final jabs, that attempt to incite trouble and demean Ji Foam, she had heard every word. Guan Li Juanne felt deeply uncomfortable under Mu Wanchos icy stare. But unlike the other two, she wasn't about to back down. Not that it would have mattered if she did. As Mu Wancho walked toward her, Guan Liuanne took a step back. Why are you looking at me like that? I didn't say anything wrong, did I? wasn't every word of fact. Muanio standing at 166 cm loomed over the 160 cm Guan Li Juanne. She rarely got into arguments, but today she was genuinely angry. She stood before Guan Leanne, looking down at her, her red lips parting slightly. Your personality isn't frank and outspoken. Nor are you looking out for your roommate. You're just jealous. You're jealous that Gucci Wedding is prettier than you, more popular than you, and has better prospects than you. So, as her roommate, you pretend to be her sister, faking support. But the moment you find an opening, you tear her down just like you did today. You desperately belittle and negate everything, her choices, her feelings, making the things she treasures seem worthless. You don't care about her. You just want to destroy Guushi wedding with your own two hands. Chapter 78. Moonlight's cold embrace. Mu Wanchos speech was so compelling that Su Ming had already jumped to his feet, clapping like a man possessed with my goddess is right. practically tattooed on his forehead. But then the realization hit him. Muancho had only gone to bat because of Goam. Damn it. His excitement plummeted by half. He wasn't the only one. Even the bystanders who had been watching from the start were silently applauding. They didn't know the full history, but they were college students. They had heard Guan Liuan's vicious barbs for themselves. It was fair to say Mu Wanos verbal smackdown was incredibly satisfying. Guan Liuan's face flushed a deep ugly red. Just moments ago, Gone and Gucci Wedding were the ones on display. Now the spotlight was on her. Being stared at like a circus animal was a sensation she truly loathed. Why would I do something like that? She tried to bluff, her voice thin. But Muancho showed no mercy. Because you're ugly. Not just your face, but your heart. You're a spiteful, wretched woman festering with jealousy. You, what did you just say? I'm stating a fact. You just watch yourself. Huh? Whenever you like. Mu Wano crossed her arms, a cold smirk playing on her lips. Having chased Guan Liuanne off, she turned her attention back to Jiings three adopted sons. Seeing them standing there, slack jawed, a smile returned to her face. "Why are you all staring at me like that?" The three exchanged glances. It was hard to put into words the impression Muano had just made on them, especially that seamless, relentless stream of fire she'd unleashed on Guani Joanne. It was just too damn cool. The smiling Muano suddenly froze. not far away when Juan, also dressed in her military training uniform, came into view. She was carrying two milk tees, looking slightly puzzled at the crowd that was slowly dispersing. She could sense something had happened, specifically that the woman who had just bolted, Guani Joanne, had clashed with Ji Fangs roommates. Had Muano handled it? When Juan didn't know, but she was an observant girl. From the look of pure admiration on the faces of Ji Fangs roommates and the surrounding crowd, she could infer the general outcome. Even if the cause and process remained a mystery, student Wuan, what a coincidence. Watching Muanio, Wuan felt a tightening in her chest. Mu Wanio felt different. Her threat level was far higher than Guushi weddings. Even if Gongo claimed there was nothing between them, this girl carried a presence that was entirely unique. So even though when one wasn't one for gossip, she spoke up. It is a coincidence. Did something happen just now? Yeah, some drama between Jongo and Guushi wedding. They went off to talk alone. Sensing the strange undercurrens between the two girls, Jeang Chiao stepped in to explain that Guan Liuan kept badmouthing Ji Foong, so Muio shut her down. Jong and Guushi Wedding just need to clear the air. That's about it. As soon as he finished, Suming jabbed him twice in the ribs. Jeang Xiao, you absolute [ __ ] If you don't know how to talk, just shut your mouth. Oh. Hearing Jeang Chaos explanation, Wuan immediately understood. It was about Gi Foam and Mu Wanio had been the one to step in. As for Jiongo and Guiuing going off to talk alone, when Juan stepped forward until she stood right in front of Muanio, she glanced at Jangs roommates first. You guys go ahead and eat. I'll wait for him. Then she held out one of the milk teas toward Muano. Thanks. Let me treat you to a drink. asterisk him. Thanks. Mu want savored the weight of those two sentences. asterisk waiting for whom? Thanking her for whom asterisk she hadn't mentioned Goam by name once and yet he was in every single word. Sure enough, that brief singular eye contact that night hadn't been an illusion. When Juan wasn't some naive, fragile damsel who relied on being cute to hook Goam. Mu Wano took the drink with grace, flashing a bright, light smile. If I take this, what will he drink later? Wan pointed to the other cup in her hand. This one is his. I see. Mu Wancho paused then gave a slight nod. Would you like to eat with us? When's voice remained level, though it lacked its usual icy detachment. If there's an extra seat, I'd love to join. Seeing this, Suming hurriedly nudged Joi Han. Zho Han finally snapped out of his days. Oh, right, right. I'll go get the food. Get plenty of meat. Suming added as an afterthought, "Got it." Muan Shio, acting as if she hadn't noticed Suings antics, took a seat next to Wuan. She made casual conversation, but Wuan offered only faint nods and brief replies. Her emotional neutrality was so impenetrable that Mu Wanho felt like she was punching a cloud. When Zhoi Han returned with the trays when Juan suddenly asked, "Aren't you going to eat? Aren't you waiting for Gi Foam?" Right? When Juan looked toward the window every so often, feeling a flicker of anxiety. It wasn't Guushi wedding she was worried about. It was the woman sitting beside her. When it came to Goam, her possessiveness was a thousand times over. She wasn't some saint from a romance drama who would share him. Mu Wano had helped him, which meant she was a friend. And when Nuan knew she had to be the bigger person, but being the bigger person was entirely different from the nod in her stomach. She was starving. She had to play the part of the mature girlfriend. And she'd even given her milk tea away. I'm so miserable. Just like my mother, she thought to herself. A total disaster of a woman fueled by nothing but jealousy and a bottomless need to possess. Outside the cafeteria, Jong and Guuitting stopped under the shade of a tree. "If you have something to say, say it now," Giong said, turning to look at her. He didn't give her the cold shoulder this time, nor did he use sarcastic jabs. After two months of summer break, Gucci wedding had indeed changed. She wasn't crying anymore. She simply looked down, her red lips slightly parted, her face a mask of wounded vulnerability, doing her best to look pitiful. Even now, Jiong had to admit it. Guiettuing knew how to play to her strengths. That mix of pride, petty temper, and unconscious gestures from their youth, it was incredibly intoxicating to an inexperienced boy. Damn it. If only when Juan would act like this sometimes. Guushi wedding didn't notice his wandering thoughts. She kept her head bowed. Giong. Is it really impossible for us to go back to how things were? Jong scratched his head. Asterisk. Go back to what? Being your lap dog? asterisk. He couldn't be bothered to argue anymore. You can't reason with someone who's lost their mind. He was tired of these repeated entanglements. He wanted this to be the end. And for it to end, he needed to shift Guushi Wedding's perspective. Longing for the past is like marking the side of a boat to find a sword dropped in a river. It's pointless. You'll never find it. If this were the past, Guushi Wedding wouldn't have understood a line that only when Nuan or Muancho would usually grasp. But she had been sobered by reality lately. Getting into Shanghai University wasn't exactly a stroke of luck. After a moment of hesitation, she understood his meaning. So, I'm just a white moonlight you can no longer reach. Gi smiled, feeling a sense of release. He waved his hand lightly. There's no such thing as white moonlight. It's just that during the years of your youth, when your heart first started to beat for someone, I was the one who left the deepest impression. And because I left your life right at that moment, my image in your memory became infinitely perfect beyond comparison. But in reality, I was just a passer by in your life, no different from anyone else. You're not missing me. You're just missing the cold, frozen moonlight of your own memories. Chapter 79. A crushing defeat. The night air was clear and chilly, the silence punctuated only by the gaze of the full moon. He had been like a beam of light in the darkness to her. But even the darkest night eventually gives way to dawn. Guushiwitting's mouth hung open. Clearly for someone of her education, this kind of literary pretention was far more devastating than a crude insult. Usually, she would be snapping back at Goam. But for once, she didn't rush to refute him. Instead, she fell into a heavy silence. After a long moment of contemplation, she leaned against the wall and offered a bitter, self-deprecating smile. I didn't get into Ching Hua or peeking. I can't focus on my studies and I've lost interest in everything. I don't even know why I'm like this. Honestly, Goam, ever since you left, it feels like I don't even know how to live anymore. Ask whether or not you got into a top tier school has nothing to do with me. Is this seriously your go-to excuse? asterisk. Jiong reigned in his frustration and replied with a dead serious expression. That's something you have to work through on your own. How does that saying go? Time heals all wounds. So, embrace the present and look to the future. Looking to the future? Isn't that just another way of quenching thirst with thoughts of plums while we're still on the road? Gone glanced at Guushi wedding in surprise. She actually finished the idiom. How did this woman's IQ suddenly decide to reboot? If that was the case, there was nothing left to say. You seem to have cleared your head. I should go when is still waiting for me to grab lunch. Guing hesitated. Maybe she already ate without you, huh? She's Winon. Goam brushed past Guushi Wedding, heading back toward the cafeteria. Gui wedding chased after him for a few steps and shouted, "You trust her that much?" Goam, already a dozen paces away, turned back, "Yeah, why? How? Why? There aren't that many wise in this world. Life is just a series of choices. Like how I spent six or seven years chasing you with nothing to show for it. Wasn't that just as stupid as a pig?" When he called himself a fool, there was no trace of anger on Ji Fangs face. He had returned to his usual calm and indifferent self. "You and Win, are you two together now?" Guushi Wedding's mind had cleared up, but people who think they're smart love to play petty games. Jon figured that while Wan wouldn't necessarily be bothered by such things, she would find the intrusion deeply annoying. "Yes, she's not one for many words, so it's best if you don't go bothering her." Gi Guushi Wedding reached out to grab his arm, but Gone dodged. One of them stood in the shade of the trees. The other stood in the harsh glare of the sun. The figures brushing past each other, the fingertips that almost touched, the two people moving in opposite directions. It looked like a snapshot of a boy, once a lowly simply shedding his past to step into the sunlight toward a new beginning. In the late summer air, it looked like a frozen painting, the light and shadow of youth. And yet, that scene did indeed become a painting. Click. Some gossip loving onlooker, never one to miss a spectacle, had captured the entire moment on their phone. After ending the conversation with Gucci wedding, Jon joged back to the cafeteria. He had no choice. Knowing when Juan after an entire morning of military training, she must be starving. And yet, she would definitely wait for him to eat together. The girl had a huge appetite, and she was probably already shutting down from hunger. When he hurried to the cafeteria table, Jiong noticed the atmosphere was a bit strange. Mu Wancho hadn't left. She was sitting right there with Wuan. She was resting her chin on her hand, a faint smile on her lips. From the moment Jiong entered, she had seen him, but she hadn't said a word. As Jiong approached, Muano stood up, yielding her seat and gesturing for him to sit between her and Wan, "I'm back." When Nuan, currently in her reclusive mode, blinked, only just noticing his arrival. Seeing her clear but slightly vacant gaze, Jiong knew the girl was dizzy with hunger. "Don't just sit there. Let's eat. Okay." Jiong sat down directly between Wuan and Muanio, ignoring the odd look of the arrangement. The vibe at the table was definitely off, and he had no idea what had transpired since he left. Once given the go-ahad when dove into her meal, just as Jiong suspected, she was long past hungry, she was practically suffering from low blood sugar. There was no such thing as being not hungry after military training. They all ate in silence for a while until Jiong finally broke the quiet. So, did something happen just now? Su Ming and the others were about to blurt it out, but Mu Wano interrupted, her voice casual as she chewed. Nothing much though about that business with Guushi wedding. Is it resolved? Jiangs three godsons froze. Suming in particular was dying of anxiety. Asterisk Muano just tore one Li Juan a new one for Jiangs sake. Why isn't she saying anything about it? Damn it, this is killing me. But that was Muanos brilliance. She knew that even if she didn't say a word, Su Ming and the others would tell Jiong everything that happened today rather than sounding like she was fishing for praise, it was better to treat it as a footnote. When Jung found out, he would naturally appreciate her grace. Showing concern for his issues with Guushi wedding first was simply the smoother move. Asterisk hat basic maneuver. Nothing to write home about. Yeah, Gucci Wedding and I had a lot of history, but that's all in the past now. We cleared the air and we're in university now. It's time to grow up and be mature. When speaking of Guushi wedding, Jiangs tone was flat, devoid of any emotional fluctuation. Better that it's in the past. People have to look forward indeed. As Jiong and Mu Wano talked calmly, Wuan choked on her food from eating too quickly. Gulp. Hearing the sound and under Mu Wanios slightly surprised gaze, Jiong reached out and picked up the milk tea by Wuan's hand, he poked the straw in, took a quick sip himself, and slid it back toward her. Eat slow. We aren't in a rush. When Juan didn't even look up, she took the drink and finished it in one breath. She liked the sweetness. After the drink, Jongo transferred the chicken leg from his own tray onto hers. When still focused entirely on her meal, didn't say a word, simply devouring the chicken leg on the spot. Wuan knew she wasn't as articulate as Mu Wanchio, nor as thoughtful of others. But she was never stupid. She didn't get those high test scores by accident. In Jiangs eyes, she was a genius. Her learning ability was immense and her self-awareness was keen. If she couldn't win an argument with words, she simply wouldn't speak. As for jealousy, if she didn't say it, no one would ever know. She'd just pretend to be the bigger person. Watching the calm, natural interaction between Jiong and Wuan, Mu Wano smiled, though her expression was stiff. She had done everything perfectly, while the other girl had done absolutely nothing at all. And yet, the final result was that she had been utterly, crushingly defeated. Mu Wanchio was a cheerful person by nature, but beneath that exterior lay a deep pride. Under normal circumstances, she would have stood up and walked away by now. She didn't know why she was still sitting here. Was it reluctance to accept reality? Mu Wancho bit her lip. There's going to be a performance by each class during the military training final in a few days. Do you want to come and cheer me on? Sure, of course, no problem. Suming nodded immediately. Jeang Xiao and Zhao Han scrambled to agree as well, then hesitated as they looked at Jong. Don't worry, we'll definitely be there. Uh, what about you, brother? Fong. Chapter 80 is typing. Jiong hesitated slightly, a flicker of hesitation that Mu Wano caught instantly. She knew he was likely going to refuse, so she jumped in before he could. What? You can't even be bothered to show up and support a friend. A friend? Jon looked up at her, but all he saw in her eyes was expectation and a touch of vulnerability. It made him feel a pang of guilt. Fine, well be there to cheer you on. The moment he agreed, a flash of joy crossed Mu Wanos eyes. It's a deal then. I've got things to do. See you later. And don't forget, you still owe me a meal. Got it. After the military training wraps up. Although Ji Foam didn't look at Wuan, he could already feel her resentful little glare boring into the back of his head. But hell, Muano had already dubbed them bros. What was he supposed to do? Sai, what a mess. The meal was fraught with twists and turns, and it wasn't until everyone else had finished that when finally stopped eating. Jiong understood. The hunger had finally subsided, noticing the odd expressions on his roommates's faces when one realized they probably wanted some private time with Jiong. She stood up, ever the tactful one, and whispered, "I'm going to grab some soup." "Sure." As soon as she trotted off to the soup station, the three foster sons who had been burying their heads in their plates finally resurfaced, "Brother Foam, Muancho really had your back just now." "Oh, Muanio absolutely obliterated that roommate of Gucci weddings. What was her name again?" Guan Liuanne, right? That line about her being an ugly woman was a total kill shot. It was so satisfying to watch. Man, you really had us cheering. Listening to them fawn over Mu Wanio. Gi could only offer a silent nod. I know. Suming opened his mouth to say something, then slumped, his face falling as he let out a heavy sigh. Man. Right on. Q. Wan returned with a tray, handing out the five bowls of soup. The three sons shut their traps immediately. Once they'd finished the soup, Giong stood up with Wuan. We're going for a walk. You guys do whatever. TCH simps before bros. Get lost. Fine, fine. I'm rolling. Laughing, Jono walked out of the cafeteria with Wuan, heading toward the girls dormatory. When remained silent the entire way, she kept her head down, her bangs obscuring her eyes. Seeing her like this reminded Jong of that period when she lacked all self-confidence. They reached the entrance of the dormatory convenience store, which was quite close to the girl's building. Suddenly, as if remembering something, when Juan looked up at him, "Go, you must be thirsty. I'll go buy you some water. Slap." Gi caught her slender wrist. When's fingers curled instinctively, a look of disappointment washing over her face. Seeing her like that made Jone want to laugh, yet his heart achd for her. He gently pried her fingers loose and held her hand in his. The intimacy of the gesture made her shoulders go rigid, and a deep blush spread across her face. "You're overthinking it, Seo Wen. And no, I'm not." When Muanio does her performance, we'll go together. Okay. Wuan was clearly stunned by his offer, though she quickly tried to hide her expression. Okay, let's head back. Mhm. Afternoon military training proceeded as usual. By the evening, they all had their own tasks to attend to, so nobody felt like hanging out. Back at the dorm, Gone turned on his computer and opened his hidden virtual WeChat. Two new messages were waiting for him. One was a standard friend request, the other came with a note. Tuji Go has added you as a friend. Tao Forever 18 has added you as a friend. Got any tea on O Xiaou? Come share. Finally, something took the bait. I hope there's actual substance here. Don't let me down. He accepted both. To the first, he simply send a question mark. To the second, he responded directly. Who are you? Did O Shiau sleep with you two? What department are you in? Gone was using a female account, so the question wasn't out of place. The tone of the response, however, Jono pondered for a moment, summoned his inner drama queen, and launched into a long- winded tirade. Playing dumb. Are you another one of Oshias lobbyists? Or is it you, O Shiau? I'm not listening to any more of your lies or excuses, you scumbag. You clearly had a girlfriend, yet you told me you didn't. I never should have gone with you that night, you animal. You've played with my emotions and broken my heart. As of now, we have nothing to do with each other. Gone fired off the wall of text, but the other party didn't reply for a long time. The silence made Gone pause. After a moment of thought, he deleted the user. Deleted, not blocked. Playing hard to get carried the risk of backfiring, but it also added an air of authenticity to his story, especially since he didn't actually have any real dirt. If he dragged out the conversation, it would just get messy. Ta Go forever 18 has added you as a friend. Seeing the second request, Jon chuckled to himself, opened the chat, and typed, "Don't bother me again, you lowborn trash. Maintain the posture. Keep them hanging." A message from two arrived shortly after. "Oh, Shiau T 20 for photos, 50 for video. Interested, Gome selling private videos or dirting group chats was nothing new. Usually, these things were dirt cheap, so this two Ju was charging a premium. For real? Send a sample photo first image." Tuji goo retracted a message. The image flickered and vanished before Goam could even take a screenshot. He didn't care. He wasn't particularly afraid of being scammed. Back in his past life, he'd been burned by these 10 to 20 yuan scams hundreds of times while learning tech. It didn't matter. Even if he got burned a hundred times, that one time he got actual leaked data made it all worth it. Dodding's traffic driving strategy had been bought from a middle schooler for 20 yuan. After all, Cinder Alip pay xxx at163.com. Gome transferred the 50 yuan. Shortly after, a notification pinged on his WeChat. Can't send the file package through WeChat. Got Q? Yeah. Adding the guy on his burner Q account. Jung noticed it was a burner account on the other end, too. Great. Everybody playing double agents. Are we? Doesn't matter. Tu. Joe was actually efficient and soon sent over a collection of data regarding O Xiaus infidelity. The video showed him in a bar's private room making out with a girl, his hands already wandering when a second girl burst in and slapped him across the face. Can't deny it. That's some quality dirt. Gong smirked and replied, "Thanks. Hit me up if you get more." "Sure." Finishing the chat with two giong started outlining his 65page PowerPoint. Even with the new material, the chat logs still felt a bit thin. Hold on to it. No rush. It was late by the time he finished. He wondered if when was asleep. He clicked on his pinned QQ contact and saw a line at the bottom of the chat box. Is typing. Is typing. Is typing. Ah, it's been over 20 minutes. I want to see exactly how much he's writing. Is typing. Gone. Chapter 81. Author's note on going premium. Highly recommended reading. Truth be told, starting the simp was a split-second decision. I scrolled past a few clips on Tik Tok, got hit with a burst of inspiration, and just started writing. No outline, no world building, no plan. I just had a hot-headed moment and uploaded the first 6,000 words. The deeper reason? My previous book tanked and I felt like I'd let down everyone who believed in me. I was running from reality, diving into a contemporary urban setting just to vent. I'm actually an author who usually sticks to blood and guts, a guy writing for a male audience. I don't touch female oriented romance. ID Night Shadow Concubine. Yes, the one who wrote Brightness and Doomsday Ring. But the performance of this book at the start left me completely shell shocked. 60,000 words in and I had a whopping 70 followers. My first attempt at an urban novel was dead on arrival. How bad is that, you ask? Even my absolute worst debut novel had better starting numbers than this. I was completely lost back then, genuinely doubting if I even knew how to write anymore. Thankfully, my editor told me to keep pushing and things only started looking up after that. The original title for this book was A Warm Monsoon. It was a very artistic literary name. And then, well, it got the axe. In the current web novel climate, that kind of fresh and breezy title is effectively a death sentence. So, regarding the name change, those who know, I won't get into the details. I am not an urban fiction writer. I've never written a contemporary story, not even once. I've never studied the genre, and frankly, I rarely read it. To put it bluntly, I created this pen name as a sandbox to practice my craft. The goal was to learn how to write a female lead who isn't just a piece of set dressing. I rarely write single heroine stories, and my female characters usually get the short end of the stick. This book is a dedicated exercise in changing that. The male lead's low-key personality was also a deliberate choice. My past protagonists were always full of flashy, smartass dialogue, but this time, I just didn't want to go down that road. I'm really not well-versed in the pacing or the dopamine hits expected of urban novels, so there are bound to be rough patches. I hope you'll bear with me. I've been reading the comments section and the praise I've received has been truly humbling. Guys, there's no need to teach me how to write or force feed me standard tropes. I might know how to use them or I might not, but I'm not planning on using them for this project. This is meant to be a relatively pure, light-hearted story just told through the medium of a web novel. As for wanting me to make bank, don't worry about that. I really haven't factored that into my decision-making. If I were just in it for the quick cash, I would have crawled back to my comfort zone long ago. Why would I ever come here to write an urban romance, a genre I've never touched? Rest assured, practice doesn't mean I'm just slacking off. It's precisely because I want to improve that I'm challenging myself like this. Finally, this book has reached over 170,000 free words, and it's time to move behind the payw wall. After going premium, chapters will increase from 2,000 to 3,000 words each. I'll be updating twice daily at 6 p.m. As for extra releases, I'll drop a bonus chapter for every alliance leader, top tier donor, donation, but otherwise, I won't be overpromising. I'm not exactly a high output writer. If I make a promise I can't keep, I'd feel terrible for letting the readers down. From here on out, please show your support with subscriptions. Your support is the fuel that keeps me going. If you believe in what I'm doing, feel free to dive into a full subscription. The plot only gets better from here. Thank you all. Thank you for loving Win. sending love. Chapter 82. A little bit of you seeking full subscriptions. When he is typing, indicator had been flickering for half an hour. Gi finally snapped. He had a mountain of things to do and endless work to handle. Yet, he'd been sitting there watching someone else's status bubble for nearly 30 minutes. Given Jiang's personality, such a waste of time shouldn't even be possible. Stopping the brain dead staring. Gi phone typed directly. Do you have something you want to tell me? How do you know everything? I don't. There are plenty of things I don't know like what like why you've been typing for 30 minutes. What on earth are you writing? Curled up on her bed when's body stiffened the moment she saw the message. Being put on the spot like that by Gong made her feel incredibly awkward. Even though it was just a Q message, she fumbled around in a panic and quickly replied. Nothing. Nothing you want to say to me? Yeah. The moment she hit send, she regretted it. That wasn't what she wanted to say at all. She just missed Gome. Missed him terribly. But she was also afraid. She was afraid that if she messaged him everyday, she'd become an annoyance. She was afraid he'd think she was boring, immature, or unworthy of his time. She was afraid he'd find her unattractive or unremarkable, and even more afraid that her measly efforts wouldn't be enough to earn the results she wanted. Especially after seeing Mu Wanio during the day, that confidence, that poise, her eloquence, and her beauty, she was truly a perfect girl. And on top of that, she was Jiangs landlord. Property in Shanghai was sky-high. Did that mean she was incredibly wealthy? As a studio director, Wan knew perfectly well that Gone was strapped for cash. Whatever money, she had likely wouldn't even buy two square feet in Shanghai. If it came down to a battle of bank accounts, was Muano just objectively better than her? At the thought of this, the depressive mood that hadn't surfaced for a while suddenly bubbled over. Insecurity instantly eclipsed everything else. On the other end of the screen, Gone blinked, a smile slowly creeping onto his lips. No words for me. That's fine. I have some for you. What do you want to say? When Juan tapped send, her heart racing. Perhaps because she was too terrified of losing him, she dared not express her emotions openly. Even the affection in her heart was laced with evasion. Her parents hadn't exactly set a gold standard for romance. Even their marriage had ended in tragedy. When Juan had never really witnessed what a healthy relationship looked like, she simply purely wanted to be with Gone. Staring at the chat window as Gongo typed when Juan felt a heavy weight pressing down on her chest. Why am I so stupid today? Will he be angry? She was panicking, nearly moved to tears by her own clumsiness. Ding ding. Perhaps Muancho's appearance made you feel unsettled. Or maybe you think I handled things poorly today. But I want to tell you, don't ever think you aren't good enough. And don't be insecure. My choice to be with you isn't some cold-hearted calculation of pros and cons. It's because I think you're wonderful and you're worth it. reading his message even without seeing him when Muan felt a hot flush rush to her cheeks. She had the fleeting sensation that Ji Fong had somehow peered into her mind and laid her inner thoughts bare. The dark clouds in her heart vanished, replaced by the clarity of a bright full moon. The courage of the reclusive girl returned in that instant and her emotions flooded the chat window. Sometimes when a sudden wave of emotion hits me, I don't know what I'm supposed to say, so I just say nothing. Actually, I wanted to say I've been missing you a little bit today. Actually, it was more than a little. Actually, it wasn't just today. Unfortunately, courage comes as quickly as it leaves. She couldn't bring herself to type those last two lines. Jiong stared at the messages, imagining when Juan's current expression asterisk this girl. She isn't going to start crying, is she? Well, make sure you get some rest then or you won't have the energy to miss me tomorrow. Okay. After replying to Gone, when Juan lay on her bed with her eyes wide open, was Gone flirting with her just now? Did what they had actually count as being a couple? Jiong had never officially confessed his feelings. Asterisk if he doesn't say anything. What should I do? Should I just confess myself before someone else beats me to it? Wait, has Muano confessed to him yet? asterisk asterisk. God, this is so annoying. Why is college so stressful? Maybe I should get up and do some push-ups? asterisk. When Juan did exactly that, she scrambled out of bed and started knocking out push-ups right there. She was being quiet, but Wong Nan wasn't asleep yet and naturally noticed the movement. Wong men lowered her voice. Wan, what are you doing? Something wrong? When Wuan's voice instantly reverted to its usual icy state, caught in the glare of Wuan's gaze, Wong men felt a bit rattled. Doing push-ups in a girl's dorm late at night was kind of creepy. No, no, you keep doing your thing. When did 40 reps in one go, quite a lot for a girl, then climbed back into bed, lying perfectly straight on the edge. As she thought about the chat with Goam, the corners of her mouth curled up just a little bit. While when Juan was drifting off, Gone was far from sleep. Tau is forever 18 has added you as a friend. I'm not Oyu. I have some things I want to discuss with you. Seeing the message on his burner, we chat. Gi knew the rule. Don't overplay your hand. Even playing hard to get has its limits. He couldn't refuse this person again. Plus, this Tau is forever 18. Likely had the goods. Based on the tone, it was even possible this was the person directly involved. In times like these, you can't be impatient. If this really was the victim, his resentment and need for vengeance against O Xiau might be even greater than his own. Who are you and what do you want? Don't worry about who I am. I have proof that Osha Yu is cheating. Were you fooled by O Xiaou too? I was too. Gone didn't send that paragraph. He pondered for a moment, deleted it, and typed again. Why should I trust you? Image. Image. Image. Image. Are these enough to make you believe me? The other party recalled the message. Jiong narrowed his eyes at the chat log. What the guy had sent wasn't just a simple chat history. There was even a scan of an ultrasound with the name photoshopped out. Beyond that, there were logs of hotel bookings and spicy conversations. asterisk, "What does this guy want by leaking such a massive bomb? Is he trying to burn Shanghai University to the ground?" asterisk. Furthermore, the materials sent contained female to female chat logs, but the sender's tone and name were clearly male. That wasn't something you could fake. How much do you want? I don't want money. I just want him dead. Why don't you post it yourself? That's none of your business. I can give you the scoop, but you can't reveal it was me. Asterisk a guy wants Oh, Shia, you dead can't be mentioned. Huh? Jiong thought for a moment in a slightly bold but highly probable notion surfaced. The cuckled the moment Jiong sent those two words. On the other end of the conversation, Jeang Tao sat before his computer, his knuckles turning white. All his previous attempts at a disguise, his figned indifference. Everything shattered under the weight of those two words. He was so filled with hate, so filled with rage. You saying it like that is pointless. I don't care. I'm not easily triggered. But my friend might be sweating bullets right now. He's feeling a bit unwell. Not me, though. I've always been solid. I'm just looking at this from a bystander's perspective. So, I'm not triggered at all. I'm just looking out for my friend. He's a bit triggered. So, I suggest you don't say things like that. Of course, even if you do, I personally have no reaction to it. Just feeling indignant for my friend, that's all. Not easily triggered. Seeing that a simple auto attack had forced the opponent to burn all their summoner spells in a panic, Gone lost the desire to continue teasing the cuckled. The guy was clearly hurting. Live and let live, he figured. Fine. Tell your friend to send me all the dirt on O Shiau and I'll be the one to expose it. Remember, do not mention me. Don't worry. After securing the intel from Tau, Gone wasn't in a hurry to compile it. Putting together a scumbag PPT would take a good while, and it was too late tonight. Besides, this was something he had to handle himself. Do Ding and the others were too clumsy for this kind of work. When Juan was meticulous enough, but Jong didn't want her involved in such filth, let alone let her see it. Jon rubbed his temples. Regardless of the project, the early days of clearing the wilderness were always the hardest. No team, no money, no resources. Everything had to be done by hand. At the end of the day, I just have too few people under me and even fewer I can trust. I really need to hire someone. With the O Shiau scumbag project lingering in his mind, he shut down the computer and laid back. What he didn't know was that while he was busy putting together someone else's presentation, a presentation about him had already been scheduled. On the Shanghai University forum, asterisk light and shadow in the corner of campus, freshman scumbag suspected of polyamorous deception. The post included several photos. The header featured the shot of Gong and Guushi Wedding standing in the interplay of sunlight and shadow. Guushi wedding reaching out with a face full of sorrow. Gone walking away with utter indifference. The photo was masterfully framed. You could feel the coldness and finality in Ji Fangs eyes through the screen. Below that, more photos followed. Giong and Guushi Wedding confronting each other. This photo echoed the header, making Guushi Wedding's sadness look completely authentic, which to be fair, it was. There were even shots of Guan Liuan cursing and pointing at Goam. If you weren't there to witness it, it was easy to fill in the gaps and label it as Jong heartlessly abandoning Guushi wedding. Then came the confrontation between Muanio and Guan Li Jan, followed by shots of Jiong at the cafeteria with Wuan and Muanio, one man, three women eating from the bowl, looking at the pot, and eyeing the field. The scumbag himself essentially confirmed. Everything that happened at noon occurred in a smooth, continuous timeline. No cutting or splicing. It was indeed three beauties and one guy, and the guy is admittedly quite handsome. However, the specific content of their conversation isn't clear. Everyone, please consume this gossip rationally. The post didn't have much text, and it even called for rational consumption. But the problem was, once a post like this hit the forum, who could still be rational? Some were already ready to nail gone to the wall. Wow, how can a scumbag like this exist? Insane. I can only say insane. These three women are our freshman business administration three flowers. Some call them the three beauties. Guushi wedding, Wuan, and Muancho. What exactly is this kid's special talent to bag all three at once? Maybe his special talent is that he's particularly long. Chapter 83. Cornered. Let the recording begin. University campuses are never short of night owls, and G foam, dead to the world in his dorm bed, had no clue. before he could even shake off the penniles loser label. He'd already been slapped with the scumbag tag to go with it. Having stayed up way too late, Gone couldn't manage an early start the next day. There was no morning run, and even his breakfast was brought back by his roommates. His roommates weren't exactly avid users of the campus forum, so they were largely oblivious to the drama unfolding online. Besides, even if a post looked hot with a few hundred replies, it rarely reached even 1% of the Shanghai University student body. The gossip still needed time to ferment, and Gone remained entirely in the dark. For the next several days, the freshmen spent their lives in the agonizing depths of military training. Every day of drills was enough to turn anyone into a ragged mess. Trying to find the energy for anything else was purely wishful thinking. Even people with stamina like Gongo and Wu one found their time slipping away, what with maintaining their studio and editing the PowerPoint expose on O X Shiaus sleazy behavior. At the very least, neither of them had been running in the mornings, and the plans to incorporate their company had been put on ice. Both agreed it would be better to pick it back up after the training concluded. By the seventh day, the freshmen finally caught a break. That afternoon, the foundational military drills came to a complete end. The most grueling phase was finally behind them. What followed were skill-based exercises, and while they still involved things like comprehensive marches, the intensity was on a completely different level compared to the relentless drills of the past week. After training wrapped up on the seventh day, there was a small variety show scheduled for 7:00 p.m. It was meant to give the freshman a chance to breathe, boost morale, and blow off some steamed. It would feature all sorts of performances, the same event Mu Wanchio had invited them to attend. As soon as he got his phone back, Jon prepared to message Wuan to grab dinner and talk about supporting Mu Wanchio at the show later. But the moment his fingers touched the screen, he sensed something was off. The girls in his class seemed to be huddled together, whispering and casting glances his way. That's him, right? Goam from our class. I heard he's a total scumbag. No wonder he never talks to the girls in class. Goam. Only then did it hit him. The way the girls were looking at him was all wrong. Had he somehow become the center of his own gossip mill? Because he was so busy, he rarely socialized with his classmates. He didn't flirt, didn't gossip, and aside from having Jeang Ton and their female monitor Wong Chin on WeChat, he had almost zero contact with the other women. And yet, he'd been branded a scumbag for that. Jong felt a sense of indignation. With a confused look, he pulled out his phone and messaged Winon. I'm done here. Want to grab dinner? I'll come find you. Okay. Their chats were always brief. Jong often wondered if he should try to expand their conversational style. The girl was far too stifled, withdrawn, and sensitive. In his past life, she had died by suicide without a word of warning. And back in high school, she'd been bullied by Lee Long, and had gone to the roof to mope. Her personality was genuinely problematic. To be honest, he had no experience with a girl like Win Juan. He had to weigh every single word he said to her. He really wanted to connect on a deeper level, maybe even throw in a bit of romance, but he wasn't sure if she could handle it. After all, her replies were always, "Oh, m or okay." Sometimes he wanted to get creative, but he just couldn't find an opening. M I really need to think of a better way. As he pondered, Yiway walked up from the side and poked him in the back. Hey, the whole class is chewing over your drama. You don't have anything to say for yourself? Jiong looked back at her. Without her heavy makeup, Yiwa looked surprisingly fresh. He even thought she looked better than before. Her husky smoker's voice and the tobacco stains on her teeth remained. Of course, those weren't things that changed easily, if ever. I don't even know what this drama is, so what am I supposed to say? Yi habitually licked her lips, but when she saw Giong staring, she pulled her tongue back. There's a post on the campus forum calling you a scumbag. It's got hundreds of comments. Claims you're playing three women at once. It's full of evidence, even photos. Campus forum. Gone paused for a second before pulling up the clunky school website. It ran fine on a computer, but on a phone, the site was as slow as a slug. There weren't many hot topics, so it didn't take him long to find the post. Lights and shadows of the campus, a freshman scumbag suspected of playing three women. He opened it and scanned through. It certainly looked convincing. It was just a collection of perfectly timed photos followed by various users filling in the gaps with their own wild imaginations. Some claimed he was cheating. Others said it was three women fighting over one man. And some accused him of being a heartless cat. Except for the three women fighting over one man theory, which was at least a rational take. Gone considered everything else to be malicious, baseless trash. He was absolutely not that kind of guy. But while the first few posts were somewhat logical, they quickly descended into absurdity. By the 135th comment, a master of creative writing had posted a short story titled A Melancholy Night, which invented a soap opera level cheating scandal. That was when the post truly went viral. Early day internet drama wasn't quite as unhinged as it would become in the future, but it was still full of subtle, nasty undertones. And frankly, that was enough. People didn't care about the truth. The gossip mongers just wanted their fix, and they wouldn't mind seeing him burn in the process. "Well, well, this post, it's certainly something," Jongo muttered. Yiwa watched his expression and pulled a cigarette from her pack, offering one to him. "You don't look angry." Goam stared at the cigarette, frowning slightly, but took it anyway. Given that she was the only one willing to speak to him, while the rest of the class pointed fingers, it was an act of kindness. You don't slap a person offering a hand, even if they were a smoker. Yeah, no need to get angry. Oh, your classmates are all saying you're a scumbag. If this keeps up, your reputation with the girls is going to be trash. Good luck finding a girlfriend after this. Jione pulled out his lighter, sparked it, and tucked it away, completely ignoring Yiuwayi's half-extended hand as she waited to use his flame. "Don't you have your own?" Jon didn't show the slightest intention of sharing. "Fine, whatever. You're a piece of work," Yiwa said, feeling a bit annoyed. "Obviously, that lighter was a gift from Wuan. He wasn't about to let anyone else use it. A woman wouldn't change that rule." Watching Yiua light her own cigarette, Gone returned to the topic. "If my reputation with the girls is trash, so be it. I don't talk to them anyway. If they actually think I'm a scumbag and leave me alone, I'll get less harassment and unwanted attention. That doesn't sound half bad. Yiwa raised an eyebrow. Smoking. That was a take he hadn't heard before. Doesn't your girlfriend mind? Of course not. She isn't that superficial. Seeing the confidence in Jiangs tone, Yiua nodded. Interesting, though. You seem to have a problem. This scumbag reputation isn't bringing you anything good. Yiwa gestured with her cigarette toward the distance. Jiong followed her gaze and saw a group of boys marching toward them with aggressive intent. He lifted his eyelids to look at Yiui, who simply shrugged innocently. "I haven't caused any trouble lately," she said. "All right, you want to run? There's a lot of them. You could hide," she offered kindly. Jiong shook his head slightly. "You do you have your phone on you?" "Yeah, why?" "Record a video." Yiwa paused. "Record a video to prevent them from starting a fight." She didn't know why he wanted her to do it, but she did as he asked. All right, it's recording. Thanks. Gone felt a bit resigned. There was no one else around. They were clearly here for him. Seriously, he kept such a low profile. How did they even find him? He was just sitting there and the trouble fell right out of the sky. There were six of them, all in military training uniforms. Clearly, fellow freshman. When their leader, Lu Chilyang, reached them, he gave Jong a look up and down. So, you're the Jong everyone's talking about. Jong scratched his head, feeling awkward. The way he said that, it suddenly reminded him of a scene from a movie. It was almost exactly the same. Cough. Can I help you? Seeing that Jiong hadn't flinched despite being surrounded by six people, Lu Chilong, who had only just started his freshman year, felt his confidence waiver. You look like a decent guy, but you don't act like one. Jiong stayed silent, his smile unchanging, though his eyes narrowed slightly. Seeing his silence, Lu Chillyang assumed Jong was scared and pressed on. "I can't stand guys like you. a scumbag and you've got the nerve to stick your hands into our business administration department. You've got some serious guts. Lu Chili Yang completely missing Ji Fang's subtle shift in demeanor got carried away by the strength of his numbers. You were sitting with Wan and Muano the other day, right? Getting a bit too touchyfey, were we? Let me give you some advice. Stay in the computer science department where you belong. Wan and Mu Wancho belong to the business administration department. And they aren't just any girls. The girls in our department have their own people to protect them. Don't come crawling around here again. You hear me? Listening to his long-winded rant, G. Phone wasn't angry. But the part about business administration girls needing business administration men to protect them was just too much for him to keep a straight face. The absurdity of that statement reminded him of that infamous internet meme from his past life about protecting the girls from Jangi. What the hell are you laughing at? Gone covered his mouth. I'm a pretty cold person. Under normal circumstances, no matter how funny something is, I don't laugh unless I really can't help it. Then what are you laughing at? The cat I keep at home gave birth last night. I'm just happy. Lu Chillys temper flared as Gi Phone continued to mock him. You're really itching for a beating, aren't you? Hearing Lu Chillyang say that, a provocative glint suddenly appeared on Ji Fangs face. Yeah. So, are you going to hit me? Chapter 84. He's actually pissed. Full chapter purchase recommended. You think you can play me for a fool? You piece of [ __ ] Let me tell you one more time. Stay the hell away from Wuan. Lu Chillong looked absolutely murderous. Are you really not going to throw a punch? Jiong had been goating the guy for a while now, trying to bait him into making the first move. University wasn't like high school. Without the right backing, if you want to fight, you ended up in a holding cell if you lost. Well, these guys weren't in any danger of losing. But even if you won, you'd be facing disciplinary action or worse, expulsion. For Gone right now, that was just too much of a headache. if he could get them to strike first, and with Yiui there recording the whole thing, he'd have more than enough grounds to wash his hands of any trouble. But Jiong hadn't expected Lu Kilangong to be such a paper tiger. He talked a big game and shouted his lungs out. But every time Jiong prodded him to actually do something, the guy just stood there looking like he wanted to jump in, but lacked the nerve. It was pathetic. After a few rounds of this, Gone was starting to get bored. So, are you actually going to do something? If not, I'm heading off to grab some food. Don't act so high and mighty, you prick. I've already got a date with Win Juan this week. She's going to be my woman. If you know what's good for you, get lost. You hear me? The easygoing smirk on Ji Fangs face vanished in an instant. He didn't even bother to retort. Beside him, Yiwi instinctively sensed the shift and raised her phone a little higher. Jiong ground his half-finished cigarette against a rock. It was a waste of a perfectly good smoke, but some people were just too damn irritating. Before anyone could react, Jiong snatched the finger that Lu Chiliang had been pointing in his face. The grip was so forceful that Lu Chilang couldn't even pull away. As Jiong yanked him forward, he planted a kick squarely into the guy's left thigh. Thump. The dull thud of Shu meeting flesh echoed through the air. Ark. No sooner had the scream left Lu Chilians lips than Ji Phone grabbed him by the hair and hoisted him up. Ji Fangs right hand began to rise. If that punch landed, he figured he could probably guess exactly how many of Lu Chilis teeth would go flying. G Foam. When Juan's voice rang out from behind, the sudden call and the raw concern in her tone stopped Goam in his tracks. He didn't want her to worry. By the time he released his grip, the other students from the business administration class were already stunned into silence. Things had happened so fast that they hadn't even processed the scene before Luchyang was left graveling and beaten. There was a cold, ruthless edge to Jiangs movements that made the onlookers feel uneasy. They suddenly felt a strong urge to put some distance between themselves and him. When Muan ran over, the scorching sun of the past few days hadn't left a single mark on her. Her slender, porcelain white arms and neck were hauntingly beautiful, and even the baggy military training uniform couldn't hide her grace. Her almond eyes were filled with indignation, her brow furrowed with sharp concern. She looked like a clear spring, washing away the frustration that had briefly clouded Jiangs judgment, pushing through the crowd. When Juan grabbed Jiangs hand and pulled him aside, she'd been sweating from the day's drills, and having just sprinted over, the faint scent of milk wafted off her as she held his arm. It made Jangs heart skip a beat. A sudden, intense impulse surged through him. A desire to bury his face against her and just breathe her in. But he snapped out of it as quickly as it had come. When Juan turned to face the group, her expression, "I see." Who are they? Lu Chilang and his cronies. Are you kidding me? We've been through days of military training together. How could she not even recognize her own classmates? Lu Chillyang, seizing the chance offered by the pain in his leg, kept lying on the ground playing dead. He hadn't expected his trash talking to summon the woman herself. Now, he couldn't move without making things even more awkward. Jiong knew she was asking him, but the question caught him off guard. She didn't even know who they were. Damn, I was a bit too impulsive earlier. How was he supposed to explain this? He couldn't just say, "Oh, that guy on the ground said you were his woman." I got weirdly jealous and my temper flared up. That was just embarrassing. Jiong scratched his head, feeling incredibly awkward. When Juan saw he wasn't going to answer, she didn't push. Instead, she stared at the group with a look of pure coldness. Who are you people? When Juan, were your classmates? We're in the same class. When Juan paused, clearly taken aback before knitting her brows together again. I don't recognize you, everyone. She wasn't lying. She was always busy and the training was exhausting. Every day after drills, she was focused on work, which was a priority. According to Goam, they didn't really need the freshmen from business administration. They could just hire seniors for recruitment. Since she didn't need them, there was no point in wasting time getting to know them. If she had a spare moment, she'd rather chat with Gongo or just lie there daydreaming about him. If it hadn't been for Gong telling her to socialize more, she wouldn't have even spoken to her roommates, let alone random classmates. We came to We came to The Business Administration students looked at each other, then at Lu Chillyang, who was still playing dead on the floor. They had no idea what to say. They'd come to defend Wuan's honor and teach this scumbag giong a lesson, only for Wuan to turn around and defend the scumbag against them. Perhaps this was the true power of Wuan's social killing capabilities. It was obvious that their little mission had reached a dead end. Jiong knew he couldn't let it stay this awkward. Looking at the sobbing Lu Chillyang on the ground, he hurried over to help him up. Eh, we were just messing around practicing the military combat drills the instructor taught us. Right, brother Louu? Here, brother Louu, take this 50. Go to the infirmary and get some Yunan Bay. It shouldn't be anything serious. Lu Chilang was still crying, but he found himself shoved toward his friends with 50 yuan in his hand. The group from business administration took him, having lost all desire to linger. The lot of them scured away, looking utterly pathetic. Gone turned back to Wuan with a sheepish grin only to find her staring at him in silence. Asterisk go great. The death stare asterisk. This girl was stubborn to a fault. If he didn't explain this clearly, it wasn't going to go away. While Jono was busy stitching a story together in his head, Yiua walked over. Under the setting sun, Yiuwa's hair looked a bit straw-led, almost like a bad dye job. When Juan noticed this strange looking girl, she had a slight hunch in her walk, her arm dangling loosely at her side, shaking it occasionally. She was clearly a girl, but her face was always set in a smirk that reminded Wuan of the way Gi Fong used to smile back in high school. What she considered a bad boy grin. Yiwa seemed to have a serious nicotine addiction. The cigarette never left her fingers. But as she approached Wuan, she pinched the cigarette out and remarked, "The guy on the ground was baiting him the whole time. He was holding back for ages. It was only when that prick said he'd made a date with you for the weekend and that you were going to be his girlfriend that he finally snapped and threw a punch. He Yiwiways laugh revealed a set of teeth stained yellow from smoke. Her appearance made Win feel even more uncomfortable, but her words made Win look at Gi Foam, her eyes glistening with something new. Seeing the two of them locking eyes, Yiwi suddenly felt like the whole thing was a waste of her time. She turned to leave, but before she took off, she stopped and looked back at Win. Hey, did you buy him a lighter? When Juan was startled, but nodded. Yes. Figured. Yiwi curled her lip and walked off. When Juan thought the question was bizarre, "What's wrong with a lighter?" Turning her gaze back to Goam, she opened her mouth to ask, but hesitated, instead pivoting to a different topic. Why did she ask about the lighter? Because she thinks I'm a cheapkate. Cheap when Juan didn't understand. She thought Gone was quite generous, sometimes to the point of being wasteful. That didn't fit with her idea of cheap. Let's go. Time for dinner. Mm. As they walked, when's mind was still racing, she was so distracted that she didn't even notice Goam watching her. Yay had said Gong was angry because of her asterisk. So was Gongo jealous? Would he really get jealous? If he was, shouldn't I explain myself? And if I explain, shouldn't I give him some kind of response? asterisk asterisk. If I tell him I don't have a date with that guy, would that sound like I'm full of myself? Plus, I forgot to ask that guy's name. asterisk. This was getting complicated. She snuck a peek at him and realized Gone had been staring at her the whole time. She bowed her head silently. Uggh. Just keep walking. Lost in thought. She didn't notice Jiong suddenly reached out of hand. Thump. Her forehead collided with a lampost. Though Ji Fangs palm had quickly cushioned the blow. Now when Juan was even more embarrassed than before, the lines she had rehearsed were completely wiped from her mind. Jong, do you want something cold to drink? Seeing her gesture toward the kiosk, the corner of Ji Fangs mouth twitched. Asking him if he wanted a drink was probably her opening move when she had something to say. She wasn't good at small talk. This was her practiced way of breaking the ice. He'd already guessed what was on her mind, but he didn't want to spell it out. To Win Juan, whatever came after this hackne opener was likely something she'd been building up for a long time. Sure, he watched as when Juan ran to buy two bottles of water, then trotted back to hand him one. He noticed she'd bought one cold and one at room temperature. Go took the cold one and started drinking. When watched him, stealing herself for the big reveal. Feeling her emotional turbulence, Gone purposely drank slowly. Seeing she was finally ready, he set the bottle down. Phew, that hits the spot. G foam. Yep. I won't agree to it. What? Won't agree to what? When bit her lip, her brows knitting together. She felt panicked, but she knew she couldn't dodge the issue anymore. She had to say it or Gone would misunderstand. He'd been angry earlier because of her. I won't agree to be anyone else's girlfriend. And I've never gone on a date with anyone else. Oh, and I won't agree to go on dates with anyone either. I don't even know that guy. And even if I did, I wouldn't have said
