Title: JAX TOP IS 100% UNFAIR IN SEASON 16! (I 100% RECOMMEND IT) - 2026 JAX TOP GAMEPLAY! (S16 Jax Guide)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKmKEW72Sis

Content:
All right, guys. Welcome back to another YouTube video. Today we're once again playing some Jax in the top lane again. Today we're playing Jax versus the Yorick lane. As for runes, we got lethal tempo, we got triumph, we got alacrity, last stand, we got specifically unflinching, also bone plating, also we got tenacity in the bonus stats. Guys, going to have a good time playing Jax top lane again, new season. I love Jax top lane. I've actually been recommending Jax top way too much in the new season, but he is just honestly such a good uh top laner right now. I really encourage you guys. So, if you haven't played Jax top lane yet, I encourage you give it a try, okay? Nice. Good start. So, Yorick is really frustrating. A lot of people don't like Yorick and I fully understand that. He's very frustrating to play against, but Jax into this match up is also very solid. Let me tell you, Jax into Yorick is good because of the counter strike. And um on top of that, I can jump out of the uh the wall that he can spawn. A lot of good things actually, man. A lot of good things. I was going to jump there, but I'm going to wait for my W. Yeah, there you go. Here we go. We're taking some damage, but that's okay. Lost my cannon. Okay, that's going to push under tower. Let's do like a fast reset. Got like 380 gold. Not expecting this guy to have vision here. Nice. Okay, let's run our way back as fast as we can. I'm not going to wait for a potion. Okay. Well. We got the wave bouncing my direction right now. I'm going to try and use that. Um I'm also expecting the Fiddlesticks to be top lane soon. He hasn't shown up on the map yet. So, we'll see where he's going to show from. He didn't go for the reset, which is understandable. Okay. I'm going to flash here because we're going to go in for a kill. >> [groaning] >> Now, he's going to have to flash now, either way. Yep. I specifically hold my Q for as long as I possibly could for a specific reason, because Yorick was able to flash out because he still had the flash, right? So, by holding your Q with Jax, if he flashes out, you can just follow him immediately after and deal damage at the same time, so in a lot of cases, you want to be holding your Q, so you can chase them afterwards. It's a really good strategy, guys. Do you remember that? This is like really important stuff. Um I think in terms of build, we're going to go probably Hextech item, I think. Yeah, we're probably going to go Hextech item. All right. I need to get level five before I approach that guy again. Uh not bad. I'm going to have to stay away from that damage. Okay. I don't have a lot from the combo anymore, so we've got to be a little bit careful right now with the way how we play. I'm honestly ready to all in. I've got like one combo left. So, I think we could do this, but the thing is he doesn't flash. Hmm. No. Yeah, there it is. He's already dead cuz I've got my ignite on him. Nice. I never did Specifically made sure I would use all of the attack speeds that I've stacked up from the waves. So, all I had to do was just hit my combo and then be happy. There's the teleport. I cannot do a- anything here. Time to run. Nice, man. Okay, let's go back. Uh first things first, we are obviously going with the Hextech item that I really like right now. Uh let's go for that one and uh let's just go for tear one boots and go for one potion. There you go. Nice. Also, I didn't even talk about that yet, but Jax top lane in the new season has so many new builds. It is crazy. I don't know if you guys have been thinking about this. You have the dusk and dawn build. You have the Trinity builds, the blade build, the Hextech build. Dude, you have so many items. Ever since they added the new items to the new season. I don't know if you guys have even been thinking about this, but it's like it's like they designed all like everything for this champion, man. It's super nice. Maybe actually they did, I don't know. With the Hextech item, I'm pretty sure they did. Like they they had Akali and Jax in mind when they when they were like adding that item back. Pretty sure. Man, it's a it's a it's a good season, man, for Jax. I'm going to wait for him to move forward again. So, the thing is that he's level five right now. Um he will probably get his ultimate very soon, I think. I haven't seen Fiddlesticks in top lane yet, which I'm quite surprised about. Usually, if I see Fiddlesticks, they love my lane, but today they don't. Today they don't, man. I'm not used to seeing a Fiddlesticks not moving top lane. It's It's very weird. I cannot reach the guy, maybe. Nah, I don't even want to bother. Maybe we should get that ultimate. If I get that ultimate, it becomes unplayable for him. Yeah, there you go. He lost the ultimate immediately up on casting it. Nice. Yorick ultimate is super OP, man. Uh I don't know where the Fiddlesticks is. I'm trying to figure this out, but Nice. Got the plate, too. Uh for the item, I'm only like 500 gold away. That's crazy, man. It's crazy that I'm only 500 gold away right now from the item. That's nice. Seems like he's trying to rotate off to the river here to see uh I guess to go for Ivern or something. I don't know. Oh, he did actually place a ward down to see where Ivern is. That's I guess I suppose that's probably the reason. Okay. Got the wave pushing my direction. That's cool. I'm going to try and maintain it this way. I definitely want to go for an all-in as soon as I can. Uh I cannot burst the guy from out of the zero, sadly. >> [clears throat] >> Sold it. Got the wave still pushing to him. That's super nice. >> These old bones have a Yeah, Fiddlesticks got Drake. I honestly don't really care that much if he gets it or not. Cuz Yorick has been losing consistently like a lot of farm. Oh, really good combo. Lots of damage without taking anything back for it. I think that's it. I'm not so sure to be honest. Okay, if I can cancel the backport, it's not really going to matter. Yeah, we canceled the backport. We went all the way back for that. That's actually a Fiddlesticks up here. >> [clears throat] >> Got the plates, pretty good. I'm actually very close to the quest completion here. So, I'm actually looking to stay around. This Fiddlesticks should not be able to beat me. Okay. Yeah, nice. Maybe I don't even have to wait for the quest completion to be honest. Maybe there's no need to. Cuz I can go back now. I can buy the item. There you go. Uh what I think I'm probably going to do is I will go for Trinity build now. And um one thing that we're going to need this match is uh tenacity for Fiddlesticks cuz of the amount of like crazy CC that they got. So, we're going to keep that as a consideration as well. Apparently like he's trying to rotate. Okay, let's just keep on snowballing here. Got the hex stack item, so that's great. Echoes in mid lane. I don't see the jungle right now. An ally has been slain. An ally has been slain. Okay, let's walk into the bush. No idea if he was able to figure out where I was. All right. I don't mind just trying to forget his ultimate. Yeah. Worth it speak of his ultimate is half of the champion. Might just go for a teleport play to be honest. Your turret has been destroyed. Yeah. Okay, here we go. I'll be free. Nice. Yeah, he's going to back port. Oh, he's got teleport, too. Yeah, cuz of the quest. Well, he doesn't have that completed yet. So, we should probably expect the Pike to go top lane right now because bot lane is over. Bot lane is done. So, let's just assume that Pike is about to show. 99% chance Pike is going to go top lane right now. It just makes sense. Going to walk away to pretend. An ally has been slain. Actually, I still see Pike in bot lane. I'm surprised about that one. >> Double kill. Okay, he gets away. Yeah, I got away like plenty of times. An ally has been slain. Hmm. Oh. Don't tell me that there's like two kills running away like that. That's crazy, man. That's crazy, man. Okay. It is what it is. I'm playing as three people at the same time right now. Turns out that that guy was also up here. >> [gasps] >> Uh playing as so many people at the same time. Don't tell me he also lives. I've I missed three kills in a row in like 1 minute though. >> [laughter] >> Oh, that's even more crazy, man. Everything lives. Okay, this will be a hard match. I I can tell it. That That's honestly a frustrating one. This is going to be a hard match, dude. I can feel it. All right, let's go mid lane. So, we have to deal with pretty much the entire enemy team. They're all fed. From what we can tell. Your turret has been destroyed. I don't think we're going to be catching this guy, but yeah, we'll see anyway. Okay. I better avoid that. I'm actually considering like maybe going for a win this match. Just here for the farm then we back off cuz I know that the jungle's up here. Three people here. Oh, man. Goodbye. Three people. I think that Pike is coming back too. Like we're not done here yet. Yeah, I'm surprised that Pike even went back to mid lane. I think we probably got this match, dude. Let's push this out. See how much more else we can get. Could maybe try and just get like one or two plates here. That's fine. Okay. Yeah, I need like 200 gold so I'm just going to sell my D blade for that, of course, cuz the the power spike is very massive, so. Yeah, I'm about to sell this. Okay, we've got a very very very big item right now. So, we've got Hextech item and we've got Trinity item. We've got both, man. Let's go. No. Obviously, that's not going to stop me from what I'm about to do here. Uh there's one guy. I think that's probably enough. I hope I'm going to be able to farm this one myself. It went to the Yumi. The shutdown. Oh, man. I don't have mana. Okay. I'm on my way. So, even if my teammate dies here, it's fine with me. Although, I think that Silas probably wins. Cuz he's got the Echo ultimate. I don't know if it's like worth to chase this down. Good push. I'm obviously not going to push any further cuz I know they're going to go top lane either way. The drake is spawning up in 1:30. I could try and hide in the bush. Oh, never mind. They're actually taking the objective. Oh, there's a Pike right behind me, too. All right, they got it. We're going to go back bot lane, try and face off the Echo. So, Echo is also a problem, unfortunately, because he can always get away with ultimate, always. So, it's not easy. There's a Pike going bot lane. We cannot go anywhere. If we go bot lane, Yorick is going to push top lane. If we go top lane, Echo is going to push bot lane out. It's super frustrating, but it's really hard to make progress in this match because we can't go anywhere. Oh, yeah, that just makes it 10 times worse. Okay, let's keep going. Try and follow up the AOW. The only problem is that Yuumi is like perma attached, so I'm actually sharing every XP that I got, every tiny bit of gold that I get, as well. So, yeah, it's not that great. I'm still level 13 because of it. I'm not like getting any further. Let's go for the way. Going to need this. Let's go. Time to get that York. I don't know what he's doing, but I like it. I'm not going to reach that guy. Okay, keep going. I need like one more wave. Then I'm happy. They're going to go with top lane, I think. At some point. Yeah, let's go back. We got to find out a way, man. Got to find out a way to like snowball this match. I might try and follow wherever that size going to go, try and catch that echo. This might be the opportunity for us, actually. I think we still can. We still can. They're just kind of avoiding. Okay. Yeah, pretty good. I love to flash. I was considering queuing there, but >> Hmm. I mean, it's it's worth it. Like, I wouldn't complain about that because the amount of gold that I got out of this is actually going to change the match in a very good way. So, I don't mind it, man. No, I don't mind it. I think it's great. Okay. I'm thinking Sundered Sky, but I have to go to tenacity items for the Fiddlesticks, unfortunately. So, I'm thinking about Wit's End as an item, but I'm also thinking about Sterak's Gage. I think it would be nice, too. Hmm. Yeah, I'm going to have to build that first before anything else. Let's go again. I'm glad I went for the AoE, man. The team that's going to help a little bit. But, yeah, so far, we're somehow able to like turn it. Going to see how far I can get here because I'm going to draw their attention for sure by doing this. I see two of them on the map right now, so I can play my part here, at least. Yeah, we're going to get be able to get plates. I'm going to teleport. That's why I'm doing this. >> Your team has destroyed a turret. Wait, I can I can keep going, I think. Okay, now's the time. Let's teleport. It's going according to strategy, man. This is This is good. Like this is what I wanted to happen cuz I'm going to get a lot of lead right now in terms of gold. I can actually change the the game. Sometimes you got to do something to like gain a lead in terms of gold, and this is like the way how we're doing it. Yeah. Look, we uh we can buy this now. All right. Uh let's go for that. Um I'm also thinking we can complete the Sundered Sky as well. Still that Echo is going to be like the main problem. Always a reason to keep on keeping Wait, let me check what's going to happen. I've got Stacks Gate, so I should be all right. Yeah. We got to go for a team fight. See if we can win it. Hmm. I hope he's going to stay because that's good. Yeah, this is fine. Another kill that the Yumi's getting, unfortunately. Okay. I mean, not that bad, I suppose. It's not that bad. I think they got vision here, but I'm where I'm walking right now. This I don't think he's going to push. No. I've nearly got the Sanguine Blade sky completed as well, which is going to change the match. I could go for Death's Dance build, maybe. Okay. Oh, he's running fast, man. I have no mana. Oh, man. That's a lot of gold that we're missing again. I've been losing a lot of kills in this match, man. The same exact way over and over. I lost like five kills now, do you They all run away with like low health. Super frustrating. Okay. I'm going to not go for Sanguine Blade sky, but instead we're going to go for Death's Dance. This might be what I need. Yes. Very good. I need my AD carry to go defend the base. I was hoping he was going to. All right. I'll keep pushing for more. I think I'm going to sell my AVI item eventually. Uh, I don't think I can get another one. No. It would be nice if I could. No, exactly. That's why. Now he's dead. I'm basically maxed out in builds for like I'm actually able to keep the game like playable. Oh. He's fast, man. He flashed out of my counter strike. Oh, he flashed out of my counter strike. Oh, what a tough match, man. Wow. I don't know. I don't even know how we were able to like keep this game up. They're like walking in a basement. Double kill. Executed. Maxed out and built. All right. A summoner has been Hey, this is how Jax top lane. Thanks for watching today's Jax video and I'll see you guys next time. Peace.
