Title: NEW LoL SEASON! NEW ITEMS, NEW RUNES AND MORE! Patch 26.9 Breakdown!
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATuLhq-5Mr0

Content:
Hey guys, S here bringing you another video. Now, welcome to a patch note breakdown. And so, the first thing I just want to get out of the way straight away. This may not be the most in-depth one. Um, to YouTube audience, you're going to be a bit confused. Um, but you'll here in a couple days time. Uh, but I've been really ill. Uh, so today obviously is Tuesday evening. So, on Saturday night, I got very ill very quickly. Started throwing up, had a fever, started having fever dreams. um won't go into the full details of other stuff. But yeah, Sunday was in bed the whole day. I lost a complete day. I don't remember anything from Sunday. Then then Monday I had a you know, which was yesterday, I have a little bit more of a memory about. Um and then today, Tuesday, I did manage to stream and record. Um which technically was the last day of the season. Um so yeah, was a bit of an intense last few days. So hopefully you guys are doing okay. Um, but I'm still recovering. I actually, you know, I'm getting out of breath quite quickly. Uh, the only benefit I lost 10 pounds in the last three days because I haven't had any food. So, that's good. Um, but anyway, let's get into it. So, we've got Whoa, we got a new um decor to the uh stuff. So, the one thing I will need from Riot is the the logo cuz I put the logo in the thumbnail. So, I'll ask Riot for the thumbnail logo. So, we are getting buffs. This is a weird thing. So, like we got the buffs and nerfs over here. Justice here and system changes here. Okay, we got buffs to Gragas, Tamkench, Ton Warick for some reason. Nerfs to Ambessa and Briar. Adjustments to Ezreal, Kenan, Shyana, Teemo, Udier. That's the old Udier by the look of it. Uh, Zinzou, Zeri, and Zoey. System changes to minion durability, new runes, adjusted runes, removed runes. Uh, new starting items, removed items, new items, and adjusted items. And then we've got new skins, which is to do with the obviously patch pandemonium. Uh, so you got Pandemonium, Annie, Kindred, Bane, and the Shico is the um prestige. Um, there is obviously going to be a battle pass and I will be giving away some battle passes, right? It gives us battle passes to give away now. So hopefully you guys will be able to enter that. You know, watch the YouTube content. There'll be a video upcoming to enter. So quest progression um to kick off starting season two. So, just reminding everybody cuz I, you know, firstly I should get into it quickly. They're calling it a new season. Does that mean there's a ranked reset? For the vast majority of people, no. And there wouldn't be in any rating. Um, but there will be a ranked reset in Apex plus tiers. So, master grandmaster challenger on most servers, not Korea and stuff, but you know, US NA, my main audience, you guys will likely have a reset if you're Apex and above. This is due to the many problems that they've done this year. Uh, the LP being like, let's say, bugged at the beginning of the year. They also introduced duo queuing uh to Apex, which is just broken. So, I obviously have said a lot. It's It's going to fix a bit, but it's not going to fix a lot. A lot of the damage has already been done. A lot of the games where, you know, I'm playing in master or diamond one or whatever and eight or nine of the players in the lobby were not even diamond last year. Um, so the damage has already been done. Those players are not getting reset. So, you know, it's I've had a bit of a back and forth for some riers, Froxson being one of them. But um I will say sometimes it depends which riotery you get. Sometimes it does it does feel a bit like you're talking to a brick wall. You know they're doing something. They are admitting they mucked up. They're just not resetting to the amount that they probably need to. And I will say I explain it in a video that I recorded earlier today, but that will probably be coming out in like 3 or 4 days time. But in essence, there's that line of anything below Apex, you could kind of consider casual, even diamond one. So, Riot may not kind of want to do a reset, anything below the Apex line. So, even though they have mucked up, even though, you know, Diamond one, which is used to be an insanely good rank, even though there's it's flooded with Emerald players from last year, and they haven't gotten better. Just to make that clear, they haven't gotten better. It was just the inflation from the beginning of the year. Um, it is now infected by them. As I said, eight or eight or nine of the players in every single game are basically that their risk and the line that they're running is okay, we reset Apex, but everybody in their mind goes right. Apex is the hardcore player group, but anything below that, you know, we got to have that line of will the players just quit? If they if you've got an emerald player that's been emerald for five years and they've inflated up mentally they may think they deserve it, but let's just say they're in diamond one now. We reset that player back to emerald. They were emerald for 5 years. They finally got to diamond. They think they belong there. Actually, sorry. We mucked up. We're resetting it. That player would very likely just go, I'm done with this game. And that's the line that Riot is having to play. and I understand that, but obviously it's not good for the ranked ladder uh to leave it as it is, but we'll see. So, anyway, let's get into this. Um, we have a a set of changes to roll quests that are aimed at making them genuinely more understandable and less punishing. I will say, I know the premise of this is to allow proxying and roaming more. I'm not a big fan of that, but anyway. So, we're lessening penalties when you need to get out of lane towards the end of laning phase. So quest penalty points applied to CS Tret plates was minus 50. It's now minus 75 decreasing down to zero penalty based on quest progress. So if you're I guess further progressed in your quest, it's not punishing you to go roam I guess. Um but yeah, basically we also adjusted the the bounds in which you earn roll quest. Previously, it was heavily tied to being around your lane's outermost turret, but now it will be more broad uh responding to proxying and roaming. Gone another days having to stick to your wave so you don't fall behind. Yeah, I don't know if many people are going to be happy about that. People don't love proxying because it's a very unskillful way to play League. People also don't love just per own play styles because again, it's a very unskillful way to play League. So, I actually quite liked that the game felt a bit tighter in actual lanes. If people probably heard me a year or two ago say one thing I want from the game is top lane to be top lane. Mid lane to be mid. A year ago every mid laner was just in bot lane all the time and this is just probably going to bring that back. So kind of lame but it is what it is. So then crest rewards they have changed. So top lane, they're doing a minor nerf to the overall experience gain and adjusting the experience bonus to distinguish between champion and non- champion sources. Effectively, this will help top laners who um prefer scrappy team fights over split pushing. Obviously, it's very very heavy split push be by yourself kind of meta and top lane at the moment. Uh we're also in by the way, that's why I like Shen so much because to me Shen's the best of both worlds. I get to be side lane. I get to do tower progress and that's cool and I get sidelane XP and everything but my team's in trouble. I get to ultimate to go help them. Kind of works quite well. Uh we're also ensuring that we avoid top lane experience creep situations where top laners who end up repeatedly killing each other scaled um their own level experience rewards. So XP increase was 12 point. So, when you achieve the quest, people may not know this, but when you achieve the quest, top laners cuz obviously their XP cap or level cap went to level 20, not level 18, you needed more experience really to hit level 20 at the sameish time that other people are hitting level 18 roughly. So, top laners used to get a 12.5% experience bonus of everything. that's being changed to 80 experience flat XP on champion takedown and 11% from all other sources. So, if you're just going to split push and you're not going to interact with anyone, this is a nerf. But if you're actually trying to get involved, you go for a team fight, you get an ace or you kill four of them and the enemy top laners buy his Larry in top or something, you benefit because you're getting that big XP chunks each time you get um a takedown, which is a kill or an assist. And 80, by the way, is quite a lot. So that will level you up quite fast. Mid lane, again, I don't know what I think about this. It It's interesting. Um, so for mid, we're replacing the empowered recall effect with percentbased increases for bonus AD and AP. We felt that mid has lost some of its carry and scaling fantasy compared to top and bot in their rewards, which get more levels and experience or gold and items. We're hoping this change provides an edge over the other laner spikes of item purchases. So yeah, basically 6% extra scaling of your bonus. So bonus is item purchases. This is pretty big. A viger with 6% extra ability power. You know, that's pretty substantial. So we'll see how that goes. It's It's going to be interesting. Again, less empowered recall gone. Yeah, I don't know. Like it was quite nice to have it. Mid laners you could mid laners, even though again I'm not a big roaming player. The thing with mid, you are the centerpiece to the map. And occasional roams, I've always said occasional situational roams, I've always been fine with, that's League of Legends. What I've always hated was the players that just plays a ro. That Katarina main that doesn't play mid, that's down 50 CS at like 10 minutes into the game. They do not care about mid. That's what I don't like. So arguably this will hurt the RORs because they have the empowered recall was good for them but obviously empowered recalls he didn't have it in early lane phase anyway. So someone that just wants to roam it didn't affect them anyway really. Um, but yeah, so this is going to definitely help every mid laner. Again, there's there are early game midlaners, but this helps the late game monsters more. Um, it also helps champions that build a lot of AD or a lot of AP. Um, so we'll see how that goes. And then bot lane. Um, so bot is a little too strong, you don't say. And Snowball's a little too hard given their late game fantasy. So, we're giving a mine left. Notice, by the way, they don't call it AD carry anymore. It's now bot. It's because again, riots like they're fine with other things going in in any role anymore. So, you used to when you completed your quest as AD carry get 50 gold bonus. It's now 40 gold bonus instead. There we go. Game systems, minion waves. Uh we're moderately increasing minion wave durability mostly around mid and late laning phase to help increase minion action. So what help that helps roaming. So if it takes longer for people to kill waves, it takes longer to like let's say an Enivia to push in a wave to the tower than a catarina gets more time to not get punished for being mid. Oh god, Rome meta's back. Ah, so melee minion health 440 then 25 every 90 seconds then 35 after it happens five times for uh 430 but then 35 health every 90 seconds they're going to be chunky boys and then minion slayer minion damage to other minions. Uh is it going down? Yeah, minions are going to be doing less damage to each other. So the waves will be more stagnant if no one hits them. Damn. Okay. Champion changes. Ambessa cost time for Ambessa's going up, making her ultimate maybe flashable. Um, probably needs to be doing a little bit more to Ambessa. She's very annoying, but at least it's something. Briar health growth is going down, making her a little bit less tanky. Considering um her very popular build kind of seems to be the like lethality kind of crit build now. It's a very squishy build, but then she ends up quite tanky, tankier than you think she would be. So, this is punishing that, making her squishier with also having a squishier build. Ezreal. Oh god. Oh god. AP Ezreal. We want to bring back some play styles that have been lost to the sands of time for a reason. By the way, first on the list is AP Ezreal. Oh god, this is going to lose people so much LP. AP Ezreal, it's worth saying, is so hard to pull off. Not just because it's scaling wasn't good. Ezreal AD carry is really hard to pull off in comparison to other AD carries. AP Ezreal is harder than practically most mages in the game. And by the way, where would you play this? I don't think you'd play this in mid really. I think you just play this bot lane. You know, like people play Ziggs bot or they play AP Twitch occasionally. I think if your team is full AD and you're like, "Oh, I've already locked in Ezreal." The only the only way that I would play AP Ezreal and I'd advise people to give it a go is that situation. Your team is full AD. you've already locked in Ezreal and you go, I'll play AP Ezreal then. That that that is the only reason I'd do it. I wouldn't play it mid. I'd play it bot lane. And yeah, so it's big buffs AP ratio in his Q, which is a spammable, you know, skill shot that goes down if you hit it. Uh W, which is the big AP1. It was a 70 to 90% scaling. It's now starting at 90. An AP ratio in his ultimate 110%. It's pretty big. you get 500 ability power. That thing is going to absolutely shred people, but yeah, I don't know. I don't know if that's a needed thing, but okay. So, Gragas top lane, I will say, yeah, it's I was going to say Gragas top, the removal of phase rush, which we'll get on to later, is so bad for Gragas. It's practically going to ruin him being a top laner, by the way. So there are probably one tricks right now crying like legit the the most most Gragas you know when I play Gragas every game is phase rush because that's the benefit of Gragas top. The benefit of Gragas top is eventually to hit that play rhythm of getting enough CDR that you can go in with your QWE combo procase rush. You hit the enemy because Gragas gets priority over most things with his E. You proc phrase rush. you run away before they can react. You just won the trade and they can't play back. I don't love that play style, but I will always do it against something like a Riven because that's a Riven's play style all the time. But the fact is he kind of needed phase rush to make it work to give him that little bit of Muma speed to get away. Oh, it's going to be bad. It's going to be really bad. Uh Gragas at top lane now. Like they're saying, you know, oh, Grasp the Undying or Comet in top lane. Yesesh. So, what they're doing is a a compensation buff to him to give him a bit more tankiness. Now, why are they doing this? Because he's not going to have the movement speed to run away from people. He's going to take more damage. So, yeah, that's rough. I wonder what do Can I quickly look? We're having a tangent. Ragus mains Reddit. I I do do this, by the way. I find it's very interesting to look at a one-trick community of how they feel about the champ. Obviously, a one trick community is very different than even a player base that plays a champion. A one trick community is the dedicated hardcore and they are always going to be biased to the champion. They'll always think the champion's weak, but it's very interesting to see how they feel about it. So one thing is and it's the worst buff I've ever seen because the thing is that a lot of them are saying phase rush is getting removed. They have a thing about it's really bad. It makes basically makes you go way more damage. It it seems it will like make top lane much harder. So yeah, basically the thing is the fantasy that Gragas has turned into and we've had different Gragases over the years. So originally Gragas was a mid laner, a high burst AP mid laner. If people know the Scara as a content creator, Scara was known for a few picks over the early stages of League of Legends. Hilariously, he was known for AP Scion in really early, but that would be way too early for you guys to remember that really. Um that was before current Scion obviously. Um but yeah, he was known for his main two picks that people really would know in the early days of League of Legends, you know, even not AP Scion was Katarina and AP uh Gragas. So he was a mid laner for a long time and then there was a period of time that Gragas turned into a full tank top laner like no damage full tank CC top laner and now in the last couple years he's turned kind of back into a high damage a high damage kind of top laner little bit of jungle a little bit of mid little bit of support. Um but the fantasy is damage that's his fantasy now. So the the one trick community, the the the main community, they don't want him to be tanky. They don't care about the getting more tankiness. They want two fantasies doing good damage bursting people. And yes, you could go electrocute and stuff and that will help, but they like the play style of I can hit you like a Riven or a set or whatever it may be and I can run away now. That's going to be way harder to do. So it's going to be interesting to see. cannon. Who knew? Oh, it's AD carry cannon. Oh, yeah. So, again, hilariously, so it's worth saying again with my definition, if someone in my game soon plays AP Ezreal or AD carry cannon, it ain't a cheese pick. My definition of cheeseing is when you're playing something that is not as the intended balance of the game. So if you're playing Vain top, they don't balance Vain for top or Varys for top. You know that's a cheese pick. But this is in the patch notes. Our second loss play style is AD Kennan. So they are balancing him to be an AD carry. So for those that again may not know the history a bit of the game. AD carry Kennan has history. There's a player that some people may know to this day. He was on the team recently. Los Ron's Reckless. Reckless in arguably his prime was a monster AD carry Kenan player I believe when he was on Fnatic. Insane AD carry player like as Kenan and it worked really well. It comboed well. Had high CC. His damage wasn't terrible. Yeah, it's not as good as actual AD carries, but he brings the CC layer that basically no other AD carry brings. But the what I what I struggle with is people are going to now try this stuff and people are going to lose so much LP. It's going to be crazy. But anyway, so W um which obviously is the kind of auto attack um empower is when ready now applies the passive effect to the entire attack as a on hit rather than the first on hit trigger and then can now critically strike for 140%. Oh god. Okay, there's going to be potentially a hybrid build here. So yeah, while a more attack speed focus on hit hybrid build may stand out as more intuitive. Yeah, interesting. Um, and then the E, critical strikes now extend the duration of lightning. Oh my god, it extends his E. Oh god. Okay, well let's see how that goes. I don't know if it's going to be good. That was Shiovana. So, the thing with Shyana is she is a perfect example of why I've not liked Riot's direction of reworks for a while and I explained it in the Fiddle one and people go Fiddle's not bad. He's not bad, but the reworks. So, why does champion get rework? For the most part, it's failed. A champion has failed for a certain reason that it has to be changed. And that could be for game health. That could be for they're just useless. That could be whatever. Like it's getting reworked for a reason. A lot of the reworks that Riot do, they keep the exact problems the champion had before. They keep the same play patterns. They keep the same problems. Like look at Scarnner. Um Fiddle is practically the same champion, but again, he's better obviously. But Shyana has the kind of same problem. She she is stuck in this weird limbo of is she an AD Shavana champion? Is she But if she's an AD champion, she really doesn't have much lockdown and people just kind of run away from her. You know, someone like a Jax who does all these auto attack things has tools to stop people. He's got his Q leap. He's got his stun on his E. Trindir has got his slow and his spin in his regular abilities. Shyana's got a bit of a movement speed buff on her W, but not a major one. and her big ultimate, but that's it. Like, it's not arguably enough to make her a consistent auto attacking AD bruiser champion. And then her AP a lot of people hate because it's a very unskillful blah, I'm just going to throw fire at you without interacting and you're dead. Like, you know, it it's not ideal either. And that's the exact problem old Shyana had. And that's the exact problem new Shavana's got. They they haven't fixed it at all. So, what are they doing? So, she's been out for a few patches. We've taken stock where she's landed and identified two areas to address. Broadening bruiser item via ability and sharpening the distinction between AD and AP builds. On the bruiser side, we've reduced the emphasis on pure DPS items like Kraken Slayer. Adjustments um her base stats. Q and W create more room for sheen, ability, and health to meaningfully contribute to her kill kick. For build differentiation, AD, Shana looks to engage in more sustained combat through attacks, followed by bigots, which again is hard to do with her current kit, using her W for sustain and sticking power. Um, and E for supplementary chase power. AP Shan, by contrast, centers around damage of R and E and W ex um exiting existing, there we go, as a way to weave in and out of combat. But again, in ideal, it doesn't really do that. But yeah, so what are they doing? Attack speed buff, attack speed ratio nerf, attack damage growth buff. Oh, they're doing a lot. What the heck? This champion just came out. The passive on the cube is going Oh, whoa. They're getting rid of the maximum health of it. Okay. Hit reductions going down. area physical damage is going up by AP. What are they trying to do with this champion? Honestly, it feels like they're confused on what they want to do. W is going down. So, it's a buff. Shield of it is going up by base and then instead of max health based on your shield, it's bonus health. So, that will want you to buy health items on this champion. Okay. damage of it is going up, but only for AP. The AD ratio is going down. They're turning her into either full AP mage or a tank, like a health tank. That's weird. And then the D dragon form heal based on your missing health, you get more. And the E cooldown's going down, so it's a buff. Magic damage is going down by default. It's it's having get oh god bonus AD ratio is gone on the E completely. It's having a scaling AP ratio that's going to be more than before eventually but then plus 5% of targets max health. Okay. And then subsequent explosion is going down. Slow is going neutralizing to rank three at 30%. Dude, this champion's weird. I don't know what they want with this champion. Like her bruiser build in my head now has to be a kind of health orientated build. I'm not sure like heart steel and stuff, but like definitely sundered sky, definitely titanic, like health ad items or you go full squishy mage shavana. weird. They And they've they've also really severed a hybrid build. The hybrid build I have seen a couple hybrid builds that just seems to have gone nope. You pick one. Weird, man. Anyway, Tam Kench again, this champion is all I will say I I like the guy. There's that no Arm Wattly guy. I think his shorts have been um appearing in my short feed recently and his whole comment section usually is like god damn Kench is disgusting and he is he's awful. He's a very unhealthy champion but anyway the last patch's adjustments last patch ended up very slight nerf left less than.5% for uh top and support. So, we're making some support focus improvements. Gray health uh HP uh conversion is going up. And then the R mood speed on ally. So, only if you eat an ally because obviously the very unhealthy thing with TAM, especially top lane, is the whole play style. The whole play style. You beat somebody, you throw them into your tower, and then you just CC lock them into your own tower. It's not very fun for anybody there. Yeah, Tia. Uh, Tia is in the same spot as Gragas rush. Bye-bye. Except she is also taking down an pro mid meta in her last nerf. Yeah. So, her cube face damage is going up. Bonus monster damage is also going down. So, they're nerfing at that for jungle. So, they they don't want jungling to become a problem again in pro play probably, but they realize her mid lane may suffer a bit. There we go, Mr. Teemo. Um, our third lost play style. Uh-oh. On hit focus Teemo builds. Did that ever happen? What? I don't even remember people doing that. Um, what? Okay, we're adding bonus AD ratios to Teemo's E to open up itemization. I mean, all that's probably going to do if I had to guess. I've built it a couple times on Teemo. Gunblade. I think that's the only one that I would probably buy. Probably a gunlade cuz it Gunblad's good. It gives you sustain with um vampiric scepter and stuff in it. Yeah, I think a gunlade for lane phase would be very very strong. Also having the gunblade proc with the slow because obviously Teemo's weakness is when people get on top of him. So having a gunlade that goes slow you. Yeah, I can see him buying a gunlade. So his E is bonus dam damage initial damage bonus AD ratio 10% bonus AD and then dot damage bonus AD AD ratio 30% bonus AD over 4 seconds. I'm calling it. I think that's going to be nerfed. We'll see if I'm right, but I think that's going to be nerfed. But anyway, Udier. Currently, we feel that Ud's ADQ builds are extremely one note. It's kind of like Udier is quite a one note champion. But anyway, which makes sense when you look at their scaling. We want to broaden his AD ADQ bruiser builds by shifting some of his AD ratios out of his Q and into W and E. So, the stance swapper has more than one stance. Again, I'm not feeling too great. I think I'm just going to skip dear for now. Um, our favorite wolf boy. Warrick has been struggling to fight. Has he? He's I started to ban Warrick in my games today cuz there was too many Waricks. I got bored. There was like three Waricks in a row. I'm banning Warrick. I don't want him in my games. Oh god. His passive eternal hunger on hit damage is going up. Oh god. Riot, what are you doing? What are you doing? And then I will say an item that we're going to see later. I will remind you that Warrick's getting buffed and I'll remind you when you look at the item later. Zenzho attack speed and AP Zen. Oh god, no. Not AP Zenzho. AP and Zenzho was literally hated. All AP Zenzou does is heal himself to maximum instantly. Oh god. Riot, what are you doing? Oh god. So, the healing, surprise, surprise, is going up for his passive. The W slow is going up based on how much AP you've got. The E is going doubling its AP ratio. Oh god. And the attack speed buff as well. So again, this is an attack speed or AP ratio buff. You could go like blade the ruin king if you wanted to on Zin. Or this is AP Zin. Oh god, there's going to be so much LP lost over the next couple days. Zer Zer's changes are pushed to overtime to become a more bursty assassin. Yeah, true. You just get one shot by this champ. The right click range is going up. The execute threshold, however, is going up. Yep, that's a buff. Uh Q damage is going up. Yeah. Yeah. But it's it's ratios are being nerfed to less scaling. Excess attack speed to AD conversion is going down. Uh and now it's forced to quick cast. Why? Why would you not quick cast it? Weird. um W I will say the only thing that makes me think like I wonder if that mucks up like cheating has obviously gone really low or very you know it's hard to cheat now in league with Vanguard but Riot did say Zeri was one of the she became the cheaty champion of League last year or the year before before Vanguard there was a rise of highrating Zeri players they're all cheating like she became the scripting champion of league more than Zerith more than Cog Hog ball. She became it because basically it could fool the system a little bit more that the player, the real human would control the character. So it looked like human movement. So what the script was doing was aiming her auto attack because that's the thing, right? Like Zer, the skill of Zer is moving and attacking at the same time because her attack is aimed. So if the script aimed for you and did the attack for you, you could just focus on movement. And that's what they all did. So yeah. Wow. Um Wool crit multiplier is going down. AP ratio is going up. Oh god, dude. There was AP Zer a while ago and everybody hated it. What is Riot doing? They're reintroducing play styles that they got rid of because people detested them. This is bizarre. Bonus magic damage is going. They're actually trying to bring back AP Zeri. It just one-shot people from like distances that you couldn't do anything to. This is weird. The E cool down is going up though at the early game. And then the ultimate 80 burst AD ratio is going down. So yeah, less bursts on her ultimate. But yeah, weird man. Really weird. Um Zoe looking to move some of Zoe's power out of laning phase. Uh stat checking and more into skillful outplay around her bubble. I told you guys for ages Zoe's been overpowered. The only reason that she hasn't been nerfed in like recent time is because she's not that popular. If I I said it and people will know I've said this. I said if if Zoe was becoming like a popular mid laner, she would be nerfed instantly. She is giga strong and has an unhealthy play style. So her W damage per bolt is going down and the total so that means the total damage is also going down. So again, when she presses W, if she steals, you know, if a minion drops a summon a spell or item or a champion against her, when she uses it, she also gets the W kind of like rew a little bit around her and that does damage. And then the E um the cool down is going up and if you hit a champion, it refunds cool down. Oh, is that new? So if you hit a champion with a bubble, you get to do a bubble quicker. Interesting. There you go. Axiomark. Um, on take down refund 15% plus 1.5 lethality of your ultimate cool down. It's now 10% of your ultimate's cool down. So, they're saying it's just too good in essence. All right. So, you know earlier I said about war. So, welcome to a new Doran's item. So, we haven't had new Doran's items. So Doran's shield, Doran's blade, Doran's ring. We have a new Doran's item. There's I think two. So we're looking to give more starting item options to auto attack focused champions. Doran's bow offers a high-risk high reward fantasy that will reward those who are able to sneak in extra autos and come out on top even without the additional health. So no additional health, so it does make you squishy, but six attack damage, 12% attack speed, and 1.5% omnivamp. There's a certain wolf in top lane that plays high risk, high reward that takes barrier to survive at low health because he benefits of being high health with high healing and attack speed and this item is going to give him more of that. That's bonkers. I Oh, dude. War's gotten buffed and this item comes out. It's It's going to be strong. It's going to be really strong. And then then the other new one, Doran's helm. So, I will say I'm I'm cool with them adding new Doran's items. We've had the same Doran's items for like god over a decade by now. Um, so I think this is cool. So, we wanted to give more starting item options to champions who want stack resistances. When it comes to the fantasy of being unkillable, current items assume a losing position. True. Through champions who want resistances tend to start on the back foot. We want to reward players who are taking advantage opportunity. So get health 100, armor 10, magic resist 10, and helping hand five on hit versus minions. So helps your last hit. Who would take this? So top laners, I would obviously say majority. Occasional mid lane matchups, but not really. But yeah, if you're playing a top laner, if you're playing a tank top laner that you know you're having to build armor really quick, like you're playing, I don't know, or someone and you're like, I'm against a Fiora or I'm against a Renekton and if I just get armor really quick, I'll be okay. This is better than Doran Shield because it's giving you the early armor. It's helping you with the last hitting. Um, so yeah, you're just instantly getting tankier. Like yes, Doran Shield gives you the like regen a little bit more, but this helps you survive. And that's the thing, the regen doesn't help you survive an all-in by an early Renekton. The extra armor may make the difference. So yeah, I definitely think there'll be occasional matchups even on Shen that I'll be building this item as well. For example, Dusk and Dawn again, very strong item. So, one of the standard items uh for the season so far, we continue to feel it overlaps with Lichbane a bit too much. We want to encourage Dusk and Dawn users to stick around for multiple triggers and empowering to do that. So, the new effect spellblade now also heals the user. Holy moly. 10% plus 3% bonus HP. Health though is going down. Ability power is going down. Attack speed is going down. I'm going to say something that people are going to go. This now is a better Shen item. People have been building this item on Shen a lot and I built it I think once or twice on Shen and I haven't been that impressed. Yes, it makes him do more damage, but that's not the fantasy of Shen really. You're not building, you're not playing Shen or you're not supposed to be playing Shen to do a lot of damage. You're supposed to be trading good, surviving trades, surviving allins, helping your team when you can, and split pushing. But the fact that this now heals you, what is one of the points that I said? It's not damage. It's surviving trades. It's winning trades. Getting 3% bonus HP healing that helps you your healing through trades. That's actually quite good. I still probably won't build it on Shen. Maybe in a very occasional matchup, I don't know. But that's quite interesting. Endless hunger. Melee ad fighters face some major trade-offs when considering this item against building other more durable focused items. We want to them to consider endless hunter hunger, sorry. However, for those popoff games when they actually get to play greedy, so we're giving it a minor buff or melee champions only. So obviously Ezreal builds this item, I am aware. So it's not a buff for him. So unique passive famine which is grants five ability haste which is also plus 10% bonus AD. It's now grants five or if you're melee 13% bonus uh sorry um ability haste. So yeah for melee champions this is better. So brier and stuff this will be good or better on her too. New boots. Oh my god these are like war boots. Um, in addition to new starting items, we're adding new boots to the game that provide omnivamp on boots. Why do boots need omnivamp? We felt that fighters and casters are limited to their boot selection. Why is that a problem? Uh, with only Ionian boots as a real offensive option. What? And when they do pick something else, it's purely defensive. Okay. Okay, so the one thing I would say about this as a negative is one of the most obnoxious things to balance correctly over the period of League of Legends is omnivamp healing lif steal, whatever you want to call it, it gets really obnoxious really quick. We had a whole year several years ago of the war, the riot was on a war with anti-heal and the whole community saying no, it needs to go up. There was a whole year of that and now they're adding it to boots. Oh god. So, boots and then 650 gold. Movement speed is 45. Omnivap 4% by default. Unique passive is sle. Slay. Um, on champion takedown, gain 1% omnivamp permanently stacking up to six times. So, you get 10% omnivamp from your boots eventually. And then if you are tier three immortal path down forever while above half health deal 5% increased damage. What? While below half health receive 50 what? From boots. Huh. So that's midlane boots. Remember mid laners get to upgrade their boot one more time. That's mad. Thankfully a war won't have that option. God, imagine a Warrick with that. We're going to see Warrick's mid just for this boot with with the bow and the boot. He's going to be unstoppable. Jesus. Oh god. Again, literally I've said for ages this item is people are This item is very popular. Again, I understand why, but it's very popular. Base AD's gone down. The passive AD per stack is going up. So, it's it's less good instantly, but better with stacks. Uh, the bonus AD also on the item is going down. So, yeah, hubris cost buffs put it in line with a lot of other first slot lethality items, but in its current state, it feels like a crowding out the other options by providing both scaling and immediate power. So, yeah, that's always the argument. If if something gives you scaling, it should be less good early. Rod of Ages, for example, it it is pretty rubbish early game, but it's giving you all these stacks every minute until 10 minutes and then it gives you a free level up. So, you're it's an investment. It's weak early, but you get stronger with it. Hubris was too good out out the gate. So, they're just nerfing it. So, Yumus and stuff, and Opportunity probably will be better 100% first items. Um, never mind. Opportunity's gone. Ah uh we feel the opportunity has always over overlapped a bit too much of yumus. Okay, that's gone. Uh staff overflowing water. Uh in the past staff's unique effect granted ability haste and then we changed movement speed. Then we removed the movement speed. We are readding the ability haste. Jesus Christ. And we believe only granting ability power has made the item too narrow and granting movement speed has made it too generic. So, they've just gone around a lot running around their their own tail. There we go. Interesting. I don't know if I've ever built the item before. Oh, thank Oh, no. I thought that said removed. I thought I wish it got removed. It's a terrible item. Um, whenever I see someone buying a static shiv, the only There's one character in League of Legends I think can actually buy static and it's not terrible, and that has been Axan. It's the only character in the game and arguably I still wouldn't even buy her an action. When I the other day, a week ago, there was a Caitlyn on the enemy team and they were winning and she rushed static shiv, she immediately started losing. It was hilarious. It's It's a terrible item. Anyway, what are they doing? So, the new version of static ships allows on hit builds to apply their flex. Oh, I heard about this. This potentially is going to be really abused um creating cool combos and helping them scale into team fighting. So yeah, um other onit effects can go through the lightning of static shiv. So I don't know if that means but I think it does but like but like Lichbane procs obviously collector will last hit things obviously but yeah there was a good example that was on Reddit the other day but I can't remember what it was. If someone remembers it please let me know and let others know what it was. Trailblazers being removed. Oh wow. Vandal pipes and dead mans. They just thought it was kind of unneeded. Fair enough. Uh, cycllo swords being reworked. So, brings some cool energized options to AD casters, but we think it can make it even broader by allowing it to open up strict auto attack gate that stops many melees from being good at it. We also don't love the slow effect. Okay, so what are they doing? So, it's cheaper, but it's less lethality. Damaging an enemy champion with abilities triggers energize if it was ready. Then your energized triggers grants you extra lethality for 4 seconds. Deals bonus physical damage equal to 9% melee 7% of target's current health. That's so much current health damage for a item to do. Damn, that is strong. That's really strong. Again, you put that on a Riven or an Atrox and that's why it's so scary. runes. New rune death fire. Let's go, baby. So again, co the course of a decade or whatever. When people have when Wright have said, "What items do you guys want back?" We've always the old players, we've always said, "DG, Death, Fire Grasp." They are bringing that back. They even me'd about it in the video earlier this year, but they are bringing death fire back a little bit through a rune. So death fire is replacing maze rush. So, death vampire touch and you know I've been really in a brand mood at the moment and obviously I occasionally play Malahar. So already these are making me kind of go both of those champs. So damage over time and sustained damage casters don't have a keystone made specifically for them. This gap has previously been covered by comet or airy but we're readding death fire touch from old keystone mastery system. Oh right okay. um that these champions are fully supported by the rune system, making adjustments to other keystones. So, damaging a champion with an ability burns them four seconds for single target uh effect, two seconds if you hit by an AoE, or only one second by a dot. So, a damage over time. So, if you get hit by a brand ability, that's a damage over time effect. So, it'll only hit you for an extra 1 second of burn. So, that's how they're kind of balancing it. These burns deal damage plus 8% bonus AD, 3% AP adaptive damage per second. After the burn has been on a target for 3 seconds, the damage of the burn increases by 100%. It doubles. Jesus. Okay, again, this is where it's simply going to be a maths thing to see how good this will be on something like brand or mouse. Mathematically, is it better? My gut instinct would be yes, definitely on Mal because Mal uses summon airy and half of it's wasted on him. You know, he doesn't do the shielding part. So, a rune just about damage over the overtime stuff. It's going to be better on MS for sure. Brand is a bit of a weird champ because Brand even goes like dark harvest occasionally and stuff. So, it'll be interesting to see where this lands, but I'm interested in it for sure. Phase rush. So, yeah, phase rush. Um, it's just been unhealthy. It It gives too much freedom, too much unhealthy gameplay to champions that should be vulnerable. Gragas should be more vulnerable in lane phase. Rise should be more vulnerable in lane phase. It gives too much freedom to champions that should be a bit more vulnerable. So, there's that. But we are getting a new movement speed one called Storm Raider Surge. So since Storm Raider Surge asks the user to commit to dealing a lot of damage and generally ends up having its input scale well over time, it is able to support much of the same pattern as phase rush in a healthier, more exciting way. So, first thing is sorcery tree keystone is dealing 25% of a champion's maximum health within 3 seconds grants movement speed and slow resistances for 3 seconds. So, if you actually are doing a good amount of damage, it's basically phase rush. But if it's a little dink trade, run away, it's not going to proc. You're not doing enough damage for it to proc. So, this is where like Gragas sometimes can do that level of damage, but a lot of the time he won't. Speed is 40% for what? That right? 40% for melee, 75% for range champs. Range champs can't be getting more speed than melee champs. That doesn't make any sense. That must be the other way round. There's You always give range champions less movement speed than melee because they're range champions. They already have a distance and then a 50% slow resist. Yeah, I'd like clarification on that. That doesn't seem right. That's weird. But yeah, so yeah, this is the new phase rush, but I'm not sure a lot of the same like it's the same play pattern, but I don't know if a lot of the champions will be able to use it like rise like in late game. A Gragas could do 25% people, you know, within three seconds. A rise could do 25% damage of people within three seconds. But what phase rush enabled was the lane phase was easier for those champs. This doesn't help that. You're not going to be doing 25% of damage really in the early game consistently. And that's what phase rush was. It was so consistent every time it was up you could proc it. So, we'll see. Hurricane KT the cooldown refunder is gone. New damage now deals up to 100% increased damage based on distance from the target. Max damage up to 750 range away. Damage is also going up. Fair enough. So yeah, they're basically saying comet was given a cool down mechanic basically for damage over time people. But if you're a damage overtime champion, you should be using the new rune so we can kind of make it more for the control mages in essence. So cool. Hail blades. Um, blades has become an extremely niche key stone that gives an eye popping amount of attack speed and basically nothing else. In other words, these blades are too sharp. We're shifting some of the attack speed and power budget into a new bonus damage effect so we can tune it more comfortably for a broader variety of champions. It's become quite unhealthy. Like champions like Master E and stuff abusing it. Um so the attack speed was 100 60% for melee, 80% for ranged, three attacks. Uh it's now 120% for melee, 60% for ranged increased by one attack if you cast an ability that resets your auto up to two attacks. The new is damage attacks empowered by haler blades deal a little bit of extra bonus damage as true damage. Oh god. Okay, this is not a nerf. Um, and then bug fixes are happening as well. Um, so yeah, ranked reset as I spoke about. Unfortunately, it's not really going to fix the problems that I've been experiencing with the game, but I'm happy Riot's doing something because again, a lot of the challenger players were were being quite vocal about it. Um, and again, I don't know if I mentioned it earlier, duo queuing for Apex and above is being disabled at least for patch one of season two. So, that is what Riot has said, at least. So, there is a world, and I I do think there is a world that that doesn't come back. The amount of challenger players and it's hilarious cuz like Riot enabled duo queuing and Apex tiers, I'm not even kidding, for like 50 players. Like legit, they said the people that wanted it were pro players and some content creators. Not many content creators are challenger. You know, if you're a good content creator making good content, a high rating, you might be grandmaster or whatever, but the not many of them are actually challenger challenger. Um, but yeah, Riot basically completely bulked the whole Apex ladder because 50 odd people were moaning that they wanted to do duo. It's crazy. So, they have disabled it for Apex, at least a patch one. They're going to see how the ladder does. And let's be honest, if the ladder is so much healthier in in again, Master's kind of ruined for the rest of the year. But if Grandmaster and Challenger is a lot healthier, I don't think they're going to return duo queuing. They might keep duo queuing and they've done this before. A duo quuming is in master, but it's not in Grandmaster and Challenger. I can see them doing that, but yeah, and you know, you've got we, you know, recently we've had use cases of that challenger AD carry boosting his Yumi girlfriend and stuff and the account getting banned. like it's happening a lot. Like it's really happening. Uh arena and I think that's probably going to be it. So we actually got through it. We actually did a I'd say a semi-detailed patch now. We got through it everybody. So I will try my best to get this uploaded. It is 900 p.m. right now. Um so yeah, I will I'll get this uploaded. Hopefully you guys enjoyed. You'll be watching this in what? If it's 9:00 p.m., you'll be watching this in 3 hours. Uh but as always, please do like the video, comment down below. I will be streaming tomorrow, but probably in the afternoon. Um again, still recovering from this. Again, I hope another sleep will obviously help. But uh yeah, thank you guys so much. Hope you're doing well and I'll see you guys in the upcoming content, which will be again, I've still got quite a few days of the old patch stuff and at the moment I want to keep uploading that stuff because obviously I'm going on holiday in a couple weeks. I need to kind of start the the mass recording to get over a week ahead. But um yeah, that's going to be it. Like and subscribe. See you guys next time. Oh, as a question, if you made it to right at the end of the video, what champions do you want me to play in this upcoming, let's say, few days of recording? Anyway, see you guys next time. Peace. LEARNS for the real and subitch Making me sad.
