Title: LEBLANC MID IS OP - How To Carry with Full AP LeBlanc S+ | Best Build & Runes | League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGrBeusGwzo

Content:
What's up guys, the turbo here and today we're going to play LeBlanc on the mid lane. I actually started the lightning phase a bit later so I had to use my W on minions instead of the enemy, which will automatically make the lightning phase harder. And since I would have the chance to pressure so you can see how important it is to actually push from the start. I just have to AFK for a moment so it happens. At level one you want to auto attack the enemy and auto to trigger electrocute. And now I have to deal with the push. She's actually crashing this remaining wave but I took minions. Let's see if I can make a comeback on this lane. It's actually still possible if I make short trades. Could I afford dark seal? I'll just save abilities to pressure Syndra and I actually out traded her by She also backed and actually has five more AP because she didn't go for dark seal. I like Syndra can be annoying early. You know what? I've had enough of this poke. Let's just kill her. Dodge and now I can go in with the flash surprise. I maintain the e connection to damage her the second time. And let's back quickly because I won't have enough time to push and that would just ruin my recall time. I have to be ready for the next stage of the lightning phase. And it's very important to do Q and W combo with LeBlanc at once. So if by doing Q and W you are not doing it at once then you might have to press W twice in a short amount of time. Depends on the keyboard I guess. Usually it's not worth spending [snorts] abilities at the enemy jungler passing like this because you're just going to drain yourself out of mana. At the same time if you would be chasing the enemy can poke you as well so you lose HP. And the jungler just goes away to clear and he heals on the camp. So not worth it. Also as you can see I last hit with the Q as well if I'm not in range to poke. Nice so. With Q I apply a sigil which can be detonated by applying another ability of yours. So in this case when I do it with ult which repeats the recently casted ability I trigger the first sigil with the ultimate and then I use the E and got the electrocute proc that way. Like I mentioned I do the Q as a last hit because you get mana back. And if the enemy is in range then of course I'm doing Q at the enemy directly. Now I know I won't be able to crash the wave fast enough so I'm not pushing at all costs. Also there was a cannon minion wave so it takes longer amount of time. Current contest on dragon. I didn't go there cuz they had too many enemies. Okay, Evelyn got this. And chain. Another kill. At least something. Already having nice amount of AP. Need to use W on the wave to prevent it from stacking too much. And now just last hit him. Okay, dodged. Malphite is fed. Oh, he's going full AP. Okay, she's staying because Kayn is on the left side of my jungle. But I stick to this other side and it's going to be difficult for him to make the gang. Okay, I actually have to use my ultimate. And this is what I mentioned That's the perfect time to get the plate but there's Kayn again. I need to keep my W cuz Syndra is coming so like this. If I use W he would just escape on low HP and I would have no chance to escape myself. Got it. And as you can see I was still able to outplay. And my dark seal is stacked. But you know I have the blue buff. I could actually just return onto the mid lane especially with this but let's kill first. And did she stay? Yeah, she did. So let's make a nice combo. Just the W for a bait. My W cool down is lower than Syndra's. And the chain, great. She's going to survive. And I didn't have enough time. I would take unnecessary poke. But she's still being pressured and as you can see I can play around her stun. She's not so annoying anymore or I can tell you the lane is much easier if you don't let the enemy push. I just couldn't this game cuz I was AFK. Oh, flash. Okay. I actually used my W too early there because in this moment he ulted. Enemy double kill. Okay, back to the lane. And wow, Malphite. Actually, I've been got Singed again. Well, I'm surprised I didn't kill him because it's full AP Malphite, so he doesn't have extra magic resist. But he actually has a level advantage. So, that's why. All right, might escape. Let's do some mind games. Okay, one for one. The best lies Oh, suddenly Malphite is mid. Okay, let's focus on Kayn. I won't let him steal that great. Now, they're still contesting despite the fact that we have smite advantage. What? Brand actually did that. They zone traveling the way. Okay, so clearing this wave, she actually stunned me. But my cool downs are low at this point. What? I think Kayn already got her. So, that was an overkill. So, yeah, that Malphite will wander around and he's pretty fed. I need to be careful when he's switching. It seems he's not going to be an easy game. Okay, she's going to face check. Got it. Quick combo. By the way, it really helps to use W and then wait with your cool downs. I mean, just begin the combo from your ultimate by having W as a recently cast ability. And that way, when you alt from W first, you can easily just react to the situation. So, like you can Q and W somewhere else when they reflash, that combo is really good. Cuz you can easily access without restrictions. And if you just use your W and then you happen to use some other ability that you are not able to dash anymore the second time. That's why it's important to load up your W and ultimate first. Cuz then you can press something else and you still have that W as a dash. Oh, and this time we had enough damage. Well, Evelyn's E is really good against enemies stacking HP. And try to be efficient with your W. Try to damage as many minions as you can at once cuz it's your only solid wave clearing tool. So, we've got core items, especially with boots, and now we are really strong. It's time to get Deathcap next. Okay, random fight before Drake. Killed the jungler, so it's fine. Wow, they actually didn't finish the dragon. >> [music] >> Okay, free turret. Okay, now we need to play around Baron. Let's set up vision first. We need to wait for Kayle. Would be good to push mid a bit first, but there's Malphite. It's surprising like he has no HP items. Just part of Zonyas and he still doesn't seem so squishy. I'll make this quick. It's the way his kit works, I guess. The worthy survive. An enemy double kill. An ally has been slain. Oh, they went back. Should have used my E first. Got him. Executed. You had every chance. So, my whole team died. But like I still have to wait for them to respawn and we have to try again to catch someone off first. And if nothing happens, we just contest dragon. Legend, might, guile. It's almost comical how history repeats itself. I'm all right, bot. An enemy has been slain. I compared and whispered to them dreams of empire. And look at them, insatiable, unstoppable. I am the answer to every >> An ally has been lost. >> Okay. If Rakan goes good like this, actually I have an idea to push, but he does Malphite. I have slain an enemy. A one for one. Was close to an all play. Yeah, so if they engage first, that's fine cuz if Malphite ults someone else, then I can just pop in and poke. You will not be missed. Smoke and mirrors, shadow and steel. I just killed him with the Q. So, Brand barely survived and yeah, if we are not so grouped together like too close, then his ultimate cannot do as much. And he died. So, I guess we can finish this. And that's enough to force into a bot, so it's fine. The threat is their priority. I can poke her like this again. Yeah, we got this. All right, so I hope you enjoyed this. You can like and subscribe. I also do coaching for LeBlanc and other champions, so you can contact me on Discord. Link in the description. Check out my stream and my other channel as well. Thanks for
