Title: NOTHING Can Stop Gwen After A Lane Like This
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALlQkJnAaeI

Content:
[laughter] >> What's up, guys? Welcome back to another game on the Gwen ology account. This time we're up against Pantheon. Runes should be on screen now, and this is a very very scary lane in the first few levels. Once you get level six, it becomes not so bad, and then I'd say level nine onwards, you do really really well into this champion. So, your best bet, keep yourself bulky, keep yourself topped off in the early game. You want to make sure you're not eating his five stack Q for free. You want to make sure you're baiting that out, and then you're able to walk up. You're still going to be getting nickel and dimed throughout the laning phase, but you need to make sure that you're not taking those big trades in the early game because Pantheon will always win out against Gwen in the early game. Just in case we mess up, we took bone plating, so that way if Pantheon empowered W's us, we eat quite a bit of the damage from the W, or if he just W Q's us, we do eat a little bit of that. So, now we got to ask ourselves, do we want to walk up and lose 200 HP for 60 gold? I think so. He didn't even do it. Normally, if you're playing Pantheon, if I walk up and Q, you're going to Q me for doing that. Instead, he just auto attacked the minions. He's actually missed one somewhere. I don't know where. And now we're just letting the wave come to us. We are chilling out. It is what it is. This is just the the tax of playing Gwen. He's going to pop our bone plating with that. He is running Scorch. We heard the bone plating tick down, and we took a secondary point a secondary hit, excuse me. So, we know that he has Scorch in his sorcery tree. The other one is Transcendence, most likely. We can know for sure once he's level five, he'll have some ability haste in the top left here. If you had the um Manaflow Band, we would see it right now on the HUD, but we do not. I know you'll be all right. Until Riot lets you right-click and see the entire rune page, you got to just figure out how to dissect enemy rune pages unless you're using stuff like uh op.gg mid game, which if the opponents have streamer mode on, you can't even see their runes, so. You got to find these nice little tricks to figure out what they're actually running. Now this lane is a lot easier. We're level three. We have access to E W Q. We have access to the wave here. We're just going to hold for set Q. If Pantheon did a cheater recall, we should only have to deal with a long sword, which is not that bad, especially since we will have a big big wave. So, if Pantheon does come back with a long sword, we're going to look for a really crazy trade into insta reset. Okay, Ruby Crystal. Never mind. I guess he's playing passive against us, which is not what you need to be doing as Pantheon into Gwen. You need to play super aggro, super aggressive. We'll recall here. If he lets the wave crash, yeah, okay. This is very odd behavior from the Pantheon. Pick up a Dark Seal here. Dark Seal, when you can do it, it's a super super powerful item in the laning phase, and if you can find an assist from your jungler or just a takedown yourself, it's a lot of extra stats. This is a very well statted item. You just need to keep in mind though, you are delaying your first item by 350 gold, which I believe it's going to be the Duskblade on for us this game. You could also go Riftmaker. You can also go Nashor's if you really enjoy Nashor's Tooth. A lot of it comes down to feel. Now, the reason I'm not looking for an extended trade after that is because Pantheon can just press E on our Q, and then we will get Q'd again by him, so we are just completely vibing out. He took a very awkward and incorrect recall in my opinion. I don't know why he cheater reset so late for just a Ruby Crystal. That just seems very odd. This is the part of the lane where he should be absolutely trying to fry us, deny us as much as we can because we are a scaling demon. We want to make sure that we are getting as much as we can, and Pantheon needs to make sure he's denying us as much as we can, but that's just not happening. Nice little EWQ there while he goes for the last hit. Bone plating's back up, so if he jumps us, we are completely fine. He actually finds the bone plating there. We see Kayn invading here. I'm not going to rotate because when you're playing Gwen, you have to play very, very selfish. You need to make sure that you get yourself set up before you can go help others. It's like we might get a easy little crash here. Kayn was over here contesting the Raptors. I'm going to stay in lane here, honestly. Against Kayn, it can be a little bit scary. Ward here. If you have time, wall jump ward tri-bush, but we don't have time. All right, Kayn actually path the bot lane, which is really good for us. Now, the wave is pushing in. Pantheon presses Q on the wave. We EWQ him. Even if he presses E, we will just do an equal health trade. We'll trade a big cool down for a big cool down, and neither of us will lose health, which is totally fine in my book. Pantheon will have to recall here and I'm going to leave the lane just like this. It's pushing back to me. It's going to be super super safe when I get back here. We're going to sell this, buy blasting wand, instant run back and just look at all the gold and XP he is burning. Six minions is about 115 gold. So, he's just losing 100 gold for just cuz the way he's playing. He's playing way too passive. He needs to play super aggressive on me. And he's just not. And now we are out of the hardest part of the lane for free. It's 6 minutes into the game. We're up eight CS. Pantheon just went and did a crazy bot lane play. That's basically telling the game, "Hey, I I lost top so hard that now I got to play for my bot lane at minute six." Like this is such a good game state for us. We're about to be 20 CS up and we're going to start cashing in on these plates. When I play Gwen mid, I always talk about how mid lane quests, you don't really care about when you complete it just so long as you complete it. Top lane quest, you want to finish this thing as soon as possible. You get 15% increased XP gain for the rest of the game. You want to make sure that you are using that buff for as long as possible, for as early as possible. I have no idea where Kayn is. Oh, now we do. Good for us. Flash that. We cannot get hit here. If we were to get hit, Kayn will just ult on top of us. We'll take a lot of damage. We need to be safe here. Pretty big blunder by me. I could have just recalled and been chilling. I could have crushed that wave, gotten a plate, and we'd be in the same exact position but with our flash. So, overstayed by me. My bad for not tracking the enemy jungle. An ally has been slain. It's called the Hallowed Mist. Classic solo queue moment, Yone typing FF. Now, I want to run down this Pantheon, but the thing about it is he has five stacks on his E. When he has five stacks on E, when he double taps it, I believe he gets 40% movement speed for 2 seconds and a lot of MR and armor. So, we just are not able to catch him if we were to E E R him. We just don't have the lockdown potential. Right. It's like we will get the crush. Nothing on the grubs right now. I want to push this in collect to the plate. Again, I want to make sure that I am getting this quest done as soon as possible. Buddy, look for a little bit more there. Also trying to bait for my Shaco. This is the support, not the jungler. I'mma be honest, I thought I had a Shaco support. There's Shaco jungle this game. I have a Shaco supports. Okay. It really do be like that sometimes. Yeah, I really like this idea. Now, he does have flash, which is the unfortunate thing. Right. Burn his flash. Can we burn his E? Not burn his E. I want Shaco to go first here. Beautiful. That will be his flash, his ignite for basically free. Then we're going to fast push this as soon as possible. We want to get off the map as soon as possible because Pantheon does have ultimate back up and ready. So, we do not want to get a Spartan man right on our heads. He's going to do the grubs here. Oh my god, that was close. Buy this. Oh, let's get the sheen. Here we go. And then while we're running back, if you guys are enjoying, be sure to like, sub, comment something about Bell. Really helps me out in the YouTube algorithm and it makes me want to make more I've been really enjoying the discussion in the comments from the last few videos and I got suggested to do a video that I really don't know how to format or just make because I've always just done stream highlight games and full game commentaries. So, I wanted to ask you guys's um opinion on how I should make this. People were wondering if I can make a video about the different ways you can build Gwen, like what champions you should go X into it and like what comps. Garen's just going to alt out there, that's totally fine. And what comps um you need like Riftmaker and stuff. So, I was just wondering if any of you guys have any experience or if you you've just watched videos of uh somewhat similar topics. Like let me know know how uh you guys would do it and please feel free to link some examples in the comment section. It would really help me out. I want to EWQ this guy. He does have his E ready though. So, I need to beat out this E. I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to EW and then we're going to S key. The reason we're going to S key is we don't want to accidentally auto attack him and then if he presses E, he will panic. He'll press it again and then he'll stun us and then it should be a free kill. So, I'm going to Q this just so we can get it in a bit faster rebuild our Q stacks. In his pocket. so we are completely free to look for this play. So watch EW. Oh. My W didn't come out. Well, he just gave us the free bee anyway. Wow, I did that completely wrong. But he didn't get baited and then he just didn't react. So that massive blunder on my part. Massive massive blunder. Uh you know what? You guys will do it better. I trust my YouTube viewers can perform better than I can on Gwen. Right, Akali's looking a little bit low there. I'm going to take this tower. Now Pantheon did alt away from the master Yi gank a minute or so ago so his ulti should not be up yet. He has no ability haste in his kit. We're going to ward here and reset. We have four dark seal stacks which is really really nice. And real quick we're going to check his ability haste. He has 10 and he's level nine. That means he is running transcendence and scorch. And then I'm going to get the haunting guise here. We're going to start playing around mid lane. We need to make sure that we are trying to shut down this four and 0 Akali because Akali is a champion that does really really well into Gwen at all stages of the game. Just very mobile, very hard to stick onto. So we're going to do what we can here to just try to stop some of the bleeding. We can make our Yone go top. Akali did reset. Pantheon was still top lane though. I think it will be much much easier for my Yone to play into a Pantheon that is one and two. Auto this and then walk away. The reason we're walking away is because Kayn was last seen over here. And I really don't want to try to help my Ballin yet. I don't think I'm strong enough to help out against these guys just yet. Unless they get a massive chunk, which I just do not have much faith in them at the moment. And Yone will be sitting there. Maybe he's looking up ult on me? He is. I'll flash preemptively. Trying to call my uh Yone over. I mean, I'm safe, so. Was that a Kali flash, too? No, Kali did not flash. I mean, good damage for the Yone. Shouldn't be too too bad for him now. We'll just run back. Really unfortunate we had flash there. I'm going to TP. He tried to just save this play and collect this wave. We really want level 13 as soon as possible. Level 13 is such an amazing power spike for when 80% percent attack speed is just absolutely amazing, and it makes your E very short cool down. Nice. My Yone was able to capitalize on the fact that I got a bit of damage onto the Pantheon. Ali also doesn't have ult at the moment. It is a very short CD though, so I'm going to still respect her even though she doesn't have it. It should be up sometime in the next 20 seconds or so. We should be able to at least pick up this Zyra here. Nice. If we can get the Akali, there there was that ult. There was that ult. I was telling you guys, it's such short CD. I hate this Akali champion. Like I'm so glad we have not leaned against the Kali yet in one of these Gwen-ology videos because it is really hard. It is such a difficult lane and honestly it's the lane that pisses me off the most in League. Oh, we we got this easy. Auto. Ah, unfortunately he had flash back up. Hey, that's A-okay. He's going to lose out on another wave. Or this and then let's just be on our way. Drake's in 2 minutes. This respect Kayn's still here. That will be the Rift Scuttler and now we got to figure out what boots do we want. Steelcaps are really good into Smolder, really good into Pantheon. Um not good into Kayn, not good into Akali. Omnivamp boots I would say are good into Pantheon here just cuz he's so far behind. They're okay into Kayn. Not really okay into anyone else. So it's definitely not an Omnivamp boots game unfortunately. Uh not a lot of CC outside of Pantheon stun this route. This is what you should be doing by the way when you have downtime. Just planning what you want to build given the game state. Like you can go into the game with an ideal core of what you want to do, but then you got to adapt to champions that are seven and one. So you got to be sure to just be flexible and ready to adjust your builds when needed. Honestly we might even just go Ionian's. Or sorry, Lucidity. No, I'm Ionian boots of Lucidity. I was right twice, but I thought I was wrong twice. That is funny. Yeah, just cuz it helps with our TP time so we can play into the side lane a lot longer and just a lot more consistently. And we won't have to give up waves. We can just TP a bit better, a bit more often. And flash inside lane will always be good. You know what's not good? Gwen players trying to land needles. Jump the wall here, nothing to auto attack. Small is going to E away. It is what it is. We can definitely play for this first tower though. I think we've scared them off pretty well. My Senna just needs to back me up here. My Senna did not back me up here, so I will unfortunately fall. I feel like we could have definitely done that and just walked out together. That's just really annoying, but it is on me. I should have realized that Senna was just way too scared and just not even gone for it. I definitely could have just walked away with the play, but I wanted more, so that's totally on me for not realizing my Senna's intentions. Yone will pick up the king kill. He's bringing himself back into this game after we lane swapped. Akali might die to some burn. Unfortunately, she's going to be on just a few Senna, or please. She's right there. I Okay. I'm not going to lie. My support might be a Or this is my AD carry. My AD carry is a little bit AFK. Well played. I'm going to go play the side lane here. We do have everything up, so if this extends a bit longer, we can definitely rotate over, but the fight should just be over already. I'm going to go ahead and push out here as fast as possible, move over to the drake. They do not need me. It's around 3K. When your team does not need you, keep playing side lanes, keep getting your money up. So, that way you can just absolutely stat stick whoever shows up. This Akali, we're pretty even with her. Even though I really don't like this champion, I think we do win currently in the side lane against her. I'm going to rotate though because again, she's a very slippery champion that we cannot lock down. So, we need to go over to somewhere else to make a play. We already got the wave, so there's no reason to just waste our time trying to catch an Akali that we know we cannot catch up to. Make Zyra burn her ult and her flash. She's going to flash out of my W, which means that her knock up did not work. We're going to go here to try to cut off anyone that might come and help. The Akali tried to come and help. And just like that, we are going to be looking on the Baron. We have Master Yi, we have Gwen, we have Yone. We have all these amazing champions to beat the Baron down. The Akali is going to be looking on the Yone. Looks like we're going to be choosing the fight instead. I think this is a pretty bad call. We should just be going for the Baron. Auto attack something to reset your E, get an extra Q stack. Ignite Kayn just cuz he's a very annoying champion and we want to finish him off as soon as possible so we can get this Baron done as soon as possible. We want to be done with this Baron as soon as possible. We cannot trust our solo queue junglers to not mess up the smite just a little bit. So, just keep that in mind. Even though jungler's down, you still want to just get this off the map as soon as you can because when it's done, the Yi can't mess it up anymore. Shaco's going to have to flash away from the Smolder, from the Zyra. Smolder might desperation ult for this, but it does not look like he's going to even try. Real quick, we're going to fix top wave real quick, collect another wave. Actually, Pantheon is going to alt in the late to try to help out the situation. I'm going to find the two squishiest people in the game and just get a free double kill. They overstayed so much and Pantheon just baited his own teammates in because he solo ulted in after the Baron was already gone. Super super nice here. Akali is going to look on us a click to try to attack as soon as possible. Stand in the wave. Hope she clicks something, but unfortunately we just cannot get away. That's okay though, 2200 gold. So now we get 40 seconds to figure out what we want to do. Akali is definitely the biggest threat. If the game goes super late game, Kayn starts being an issue if he goes lethality, but currently it's just Akali we're scared of. So we need we need to maximize our inventory to deal with the Akali. And the way you do that is this item, Abyssal Mask, 45 MR, 350 HP, 15 ability haste, and then you get 12% increased magic damage. It's a super cheap item, so you don't need to go too far out of the way for it. And it gives you such good stats to deal with Akali. You notice how she has no void staff yet, so this is going to be very potent into her. Now, you might be asking, "Killer, why didn't you go merc treads?" Because we we don't care about Akali's CC. Akali does not have CC. You do not get merc treads ever, and I mean literally ever, for the MR on them. You get them for the CC you're scared of. So that is why we don't have mercs. We are going to look for this fight. We do have the cloak, so we should be much much tankier into these guys. I'm going to finish off the Pantheon here because he's just annoying me. Not enough movement speed. Does not matter though. Yi will be able to pick up both of them, it looks like. I'm going to get the Akali though. You have slain an enemy. >> Easy. And notice, we were so much bulkier. Yes, we had our ulti this time, so it was a bit easier as well. But my health bar did not move nearly as much as it did last time. And that's just because of this one cloak. Nice. We'll auto attack here. Auto for the plate, and then we're just going to back up slowly. The reason we're going to back up slowly is because we pulled two people top side, and my Yone is splitting down here. We are just distracting them at the moment. We're playing distraction, and now Yone's going to play distraction for us. We're going to clear this out. They're definitely going to start looking on this guy. See, the king's down there. Pantheon can come and match us, but that just means we'll get a plate and then walk out. No big deal. 3,000 gold are in our inventory. I'm going to work my way to this Baron dragon. Little dragon, not a Baron. And this should be a very, very good game state. We are going to be able to reset for the Abyssal Mask, and then we'll have about 1,300-ish gold left in our inventory. Looks like we're going to set up a bush trap on Akali. I love this. I hate Akali. Amazing angle from the Yone. Unfortunately, it's not going to be enough. Uh I really like the idea. And honestly, I'm not even that upset. We should have kept in mind that Akali does have Zhonya's, too. So, she she's more bulky, and we shouldn't even look on the Akali first in the first place due to the hourglass. I don't think this puts us in a terrible spot though. Obviously, we're not doing as good as we were, but that's okay. We still have an inhibitor taken. We still got a lot of money up here. An enemy has Let's go ahead and get this abyssal mask. Then again, we have a lot of extra money here. And notice how we don't have a lot of AP. So, this is where I think Rabadon's is not really that optimal. I think instead we want to go more for a Shadowflame or Void Staff. They're not really building any amp or at all. So, I think we're just going to go for the Shadowflame because it also just helps beat down the Smolder a lot easier than the Void Staff would. We're going to TP here. Keep fighting. Even though we had a bad start to that fight, it's still somewhat going on, which is kind of funny. So, we're going to just make sure that we secure this dragon with my mastery. Good on Shaco to extend that fight, just be bait. Mess with them, make it hard for them to actually stick on the drake and finish it off because it let us all respawn and then just get it for free, even though we messed up really bad previously with that bush strat. We'll go ahead here and push out top lane. And notice I have four levels up. I finished my quest so much earlier than this Pantheon. And I'm just getting so much more XP. Gwen isn't a really champ really a champion that can utilize level 20. She doesn't get any unique scaling, but just the fact that you get to level 13, level 16 faster than your opponent is super nice, especially the level 13. Level 13 is such an amazing spike on Gwen. It's super under-appreciated. I never hear anyone talk about the level 13 spike. I think it's comparable to GP. It just completely changes how this champion can play. You're just getting so much extra hits, so many more resets on your dash. It's so so good. All right, let's start beating this up. We're going to save our W here just on the off chance that they do make their way through all these wards and want to box us. We want to make sure we have this W ready. Even though it's just a 10 second CD right now due to all of our ability hits, we don't want to be caught without it. Shaco's going to be playing distraction here, which is really good. We're going to play side lane here. Ward this for safety and we're just going to push out. It's like my team is not going to have a wave. So we're actually going to chill out just for a second because if I were to push this right now, enemy team would just all jump on me and then if I die, then they just defend my team. But now we get to pull the Akali here and Akali wants to fight this. Akali is super strong. She's 11 of their 22 kills, 50% of the team's kills. And she can't join this fight. I'm keeping her up here because if she leaves for just a second, I'm going to take all of this and look, she left. That's fine. Go get my Senna. Go get my Yone. It This looks really troll, but this is really really good macro. A lot of people will feel like they need to go help their team. I'm just going to get all the resources on the map. And now I'm going to lead them on a goose chase and hopefully my team can maybe find something while I do this. Like look, I'm pulling four of them. I'm super bulky. I'm going to fall here no matter what. But look, we're going to get the third inhib for literally free. My entire team was able to just mess with the Akali and get her. So it's a one-for-one if you think about it and we got two inhibitors. And all I did was say screw my Senna, screw my Yone. Sorry about that, but I'm going to make the correct macro decision and just open up their entire base. All right. 200 until Shadowflame here. We're definitely just going to sell the Dark Seal. The enemies are Dark Seal had a lot of good value this game. It was a super nice item to hold on to. Unless you're really feeling yourself, I don't really advise going the Mejais. It It just has a curse, you know? Like you finish the Mejais and then you join the next fight and you are just snapped out of existence. You lose all your stacks and now you look really silly. All right, Shadowflame. We are four items at 30 minutes. Not too bad at all and we are super super bulky. Bot on inhib, unfortunately, is respawning, but that's okay. Drake in 1 minute. They have to defend top. They have to defend mid. So, we just get free prio on this dragon fight so long as we stay alive. Because that's the case, we're going to sit back here, relax, let Shaco clone do a lot of the work here. Let's go ahead here and just push this out, collect some more money just during the downtime before the fights. Again, they're looking on me cuz they have nothing to do. They need to look for something before this dragon spawns. If we don't give them anything, then they just to lose. Unfortunately, my Senna down there gave Akali an angle to look. So, now I need to look aggressive on this Pantheon with my own in hopes that I distract the Smolder long enough for my bot lane fight to go well. We will unfortunately fall here unless Riftmaker does its work. Thankfully it does. God I love Riftmaker. Like I know there's a lot of hate about Riftmaker. Like I get it, right? It's not the item that one shots, but it feels so good to just survive on those very UHP bars. Every single time I build this item, I love it more and more and that will be the game. Hope you guys enjoyed. Absolutely love to see it. Well played on my team. My Shaco did really good, too. I wish I could honor them both. 40,000 damage in that lobby. I doubled enemy Pantheon's damage just like that. Anyways, guys, here are the runes. Bone Plating was really good in the early game. Love it so much. Yeah, here are the end-game stats. Hope you guys enjoyed. Like, sub, comment something about a bell. Hope you have an amazing day. Just like the good old times. Sweet, simple, and out of control.
