Title: THE ONLY JINX GUIDE YOU NEED - HOW TO PLAY JINX ADC GAMEPLAY | Best Build & Runes League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=su8EsJ4oQMc

Content:
[Music] What's up guys? Serno here and today I'm going to show you how to play Jinx ADC with the best beauty and runes. We're going to play with Lulu against Pike and Sabira and I provide you tips on how to play Jinx. Let's get to her skill explanation. So on passive, whenever a champion, epic monster or structure that Jinx has dealt damage to within the last three seconds is killed or destroyed, she gains movement speed and attack speed for 6 seconds. And champion takedowns stacks the attack speed up to five times so you can exceed the attack speed limit. As for the queue, there are two forms of your weapons. The first form is the minigun. You want to use that in close range because you have better attack speed. And then you switch with Q to gain more range and you deal damage to subsequent targets as well. Just keep in mind that you also lose mana when using rocket launcher. So you have to be switching in between depending on situation. If you're fighting in close range, you have to switch for minigun. An ally has been slain. Pike is not the best target right now because he heals. It depends if I just poke him with minigun. That's fine. But if I waste too many resources on that is not that good. Anyway, pushing a bit is nice because most champions have to deal with minions and you're allowed to just poke while they're trying just to last hit. Thing is against Samira I have to remember about her W. Jinx has some projectiles. All right, let's wart. Now, as for W, you deal physical damage and slow enemies by 40% and you also refill them for 2 seconds. Your W collides with minions, so you have to get pass through. And the cast time of your W scales with attack speed. So if you get decent amount of attack speed, you're going to fire W immediately. Just staying behind minions you want to max Q. Oh yeah, he's also a projectile. So Sam was able to block it. I've got CS lead right after also you want a W. So close. So, as for the E, you place three jumpers on the ground and when enemies step on this, they get damaged and they get rooted for 1.5 seconds, keeping them in one place and also knocking them down, dealing magic damage. Okay, I've got one kill at least. It's fine. First, we want to get yall. Best if you can afford BF sword. You should see my sister. An ally has been slain. Your E has the only exception in terms of scaling. It scales with ability power. So, it deals magic damage. Doesn't do that much. Is mainly for just rooting your enemies. And you can be creative with that. You could use E aggressively trying to place that E behind an EB while chasing or the most standard way you use E to separate yourself from an enemy. And if an enemy steps on the E, you can just also you can also follow up CC applied by your ally. Let's say you're played with something like how to lose now to lose roots and you in that place. I'm trying to care. Got to be extra careful against Sabira because her W comes first and we got to bait that. So just switch in. You can pay attention to this icon show with you what weapon you currently possess. I'm not casted E because you will just escape with the dash. Almost getting my [Music] Jinx minigun has a lot of attack speed. So it's great for kiting even though we don't have any escapes. [Music] Okay, she's dead. That was just to bait her W. So that was an autobat, a rocket launcher, which deals physical damage upon collision. It also deals damage to surrounding targets. Okay, he's dead. An enemy. I've got that speed up from the passive. You have to calculate that when diving or something or when the enemy turret is low and your enemies are nearby low HP, you can just finish out the threat and keep chasing. Okay, so full item. We're going to deal with that Mundo later. I recommend playing with Lulu or Nami. These are the best supports for Jinx because these speed up grant extra damage, but Lulu is the best because she grants that extra HP survivability. And look, he got looted. Got to flush. You can also slow an enemy first and then he's dead. Nice. Now we've got little tempo. Close range. I use minigun. Switch in again. Close range. That's how it goes. Now with that extra attack speed, you can use rocket launcher to clear faster. You have to be constantly moving. As for your O, keep in mind it deals more damage based on missing health. So if an LB is low HP, he deal more damage. That's the way it works. Now we're going to get attack speed boots. Okay, if you wish. I could stay for longer. I have my item. Where is more about mana? I'm actually going to back. Wave is in a good spot and another wave is coming. So, attack speed boots. You have to be paying attention to other lanes to know when to open and impact the map. Also, a tip for your combat. If you're about to get crowd controlled, it's a good idea to launch out because the animation cannot be finished. And that way you can continue dealing damage even when being crowd controlled. Pretty nice clear already. Your old can also steal objectives, but it actually passes through epic monsters. The only way to steal with your O is to deal damage to an AB champion and with that explosion round you can steal. So you have to rettime it. It's just the matter of Simon though. Okay. And look now the turret is low HP. And it's time to chase. Okay, got this. Mundo might be coming. from base. Yeah, you have to kill someone and just count on that passive extra attack speed and see Mundo is actually coming. She has nowhere to go. Flush. We are not ready yet for Mundo. He's too tanky. I need more items. We could do dragon. So already with extra attack speed, my W cast time is faster as you noticed probably. I had a gun. Let's continue pressuring bot lane. And yes, Mundo is already trying to impact the map as expected. W grants you vision as well. Okay, nowhere to go with that. They have vision. Oh, I'd rather keep my old. I could have tried. I know. Now, where was I? Right. Okay. Next, we are getting infinity edge. So, let's boost towards that. We can also try to impact the map already. I'm trying to. So they switched. That was a bit greedy. I was hoping the second not attack would finish him off. I'd say it was worth a try. [Music] Okay, speed up around bot lane. Okay, she can have it. And Munda continues his shriek. The worst that could happen. An enemy is legendary. Samira bucked. I'm just going for CS. An ally has been slain. I need items to be ready for the fight with Mundo. So just avoiding him for now. Ask me if I'm listening. Hint, I'm not almost infinity edge. Well, they're getting another objective. There's Spike. Oh, that's why they went in. I don't even think once about blowing stuff up. I got this. Yes, I won't be able to push bot lane. They have them around. Let's try to get another drake. I might have to get Lord Dominics earlier. Usually you want to get runons. Your turret has destroyed. My passive activated. Try to reach with first. You don't have to out immediately. If you can reach, do everything you can with your basic attacks and then when you have no choice is better to. An ally has been slain. Okay, struggle. See passive activated and there are stacks on the minigun. Three stacks of the queue granting you even more attack speed. An ally has the kiton is amazing especially with little tempo. So you don't have escapes where you can count on your life skill and just outplay potential. I'm not pushing deeply because I would be vulnerable. Mundo. I tried. I didn't expect Mundo to be here, but I overextended. It's okay. We keep scaling. Actually, it would be good to take blade of drinking. It's also good to take cut down if you face many tanks. 14 kills. Yeah, I might make an exception and get that blade of drinking later. Let's do what I can. An ally has been slain. Nice. Your team has destroyed. And we take his top lane. And Mundo is around. An ally has been slain. You shouldn't fight him. An enemy is legendary. We have to avoid him for now. The only force this for no reason at all and I shouldn't get close. What a game. Enemy isendary. One Mundo doing so much. Oh, I was so stubbing in that moment that she's actually here. Okay, that's why I wasn't moving. 3 41 9 and lift up actually only has some potential to deal with Mundo as well. He has blade of doing him. You think I'm crazy? So Dominic's now is the ruance. Pointless fight, but I've got Lord Dominics. It's a bit better. Come on. Why do you fight? There's Mundo. He's extremely fat. We have to avoid him. We have the chance to take dragon to see you. Might kill the jungle at least. Okay, I got this. Just buy in time. Yes. See, I had to get ready with Dominics. As you can see, W grants vision on the target. Sable to bed. So, we can also avoid face checks by pressing W into bush without vision. We just had to kill others first and then Mundo can do batch. But in a full team fight, it was really bad. You could see before team. Where you going, Diana? See that attack speed. Your team has destroyed your team destroyed. Okay, let's back the inhip. Go top lane. Top lane. I'm crazy. Your team has destroyed a turret. An ally has been slain. Great. Yeah, we could baron. It's not ideal. Well, he might be scared to get closer. Oh, you bite me. An ally has been slain. Down. They won't finish at least. But that was completely unnecessary. We could have bucked. Yeah, let's take this item. Good bait by Mundo because he made me think I can kill him and then he just pressed his O. Come on. What's the worst that could happen? We need heal reduction. I have Dominics. So, I wanted to get a red buff. Come on. Why did they go this way? An ally has been slain. It's pointless. Enemy killing spree. They're making it harder for no reason. I don't even think. Oh, almost. I've got to stay patient. If I get caught, it might be over. Oh, dragon soul soon. Just wait for dragon. Yeah, we have to kill others. I'm thinking see Mundo is hoping that I go for someone. We can also counter that by just trying to push and they'll be forced to back. Whatever. Let's just start shooting. All right. How about this? Ooh. Okay. Hey, that was quick. They got destroyed. All right. Thanks for watching. Hope you enjoyed and you learned something on how to play Jinx DC. If you enjoyed, you can like, subscribe, and check out my stream. Join my Discord. Let me know what do you think. If you got requests for a champion guide, let me know. Thanks for watching and see you next time.
