Title: GOLD to MASTERS JINX EDUCATIONAL GUIDE - The Long Range Hypercarry!
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yj1eR12ZCWQ

Content:
Hello everyone, and welcome back to ADC diff. This is Violet for those who don't know who I am. I'm a former professional player of 5 years and I've competed overseas and internationally at Worlds multiple times. I've also challenged on Korea and NA accounts. This video is going to be another gold to masters Jinx champion guide where I kind of just talk about talk about my thought process and my decision-making and why I make the decisions that I do in game. So, you know, hopefully the video is helpful and you guys can learn a thing or two about, you know, how to play consistently well in all elos. And yeah, check out the coaching Discord if you're interested and the Patreon down below in the description. But yeah, hope you guys enjoy the video. Hello guys, we are back for the first Jinx game video and this account is around, you know, gold and MR. Um So, you know, the game plan is first thing I think about when I get into a game um this you know, the win condition of my support and the enemy support. Um so, you know, I have Soraka and the Vegar double poke. This guy pokes, this guy pokes, but the one advantage that I do have with Soraka is my Soraka has um sustain, right? She has a healing, so every little trade that I do is winning for me in the long run. Once again, we have two champions that want to poke. So, once again, I'm just going to play try to play my range and try and poke this Caitlyn cuz, you know, even if I lose the trade out by a little bit, once again, I have Soraka healing, right? So, every little trade that I take that's um that's like a little poke trade is pretty good for me. So, that's pretty much what I'm going to try to stick to do and then look to all in, right? If I if I see a good all in angle. Vegar used Q. Going to look to poke this guy here. Boom, on these last hits just applying pressure on the last hits. Boom. No need to push the first wave so quickly. Just poking. Got hit by that. Unfortunate. The poke. There we go. Going to hit the wave a little bit now. Just going to look to, you know, chill with the wave here. Now, this is the second wave. I'm going to start pushing a bit heavier cuz I'm want to make sure I hit level two. Boom. Just going to push the wave. Make sure I hit level two. You know, nice really good poke on this Caitlyn here. Just sticking to the game plan, right? No need to do anything crazy. This guy is using Q on the wave. Just going to try and poke. Just going to try and poke these guys. Going to try and poke. Boom. Just getting a lot of free poke off on this Caitlyn. You know, she's spamming the wave, but I don't care, you know, it doesn't matter if she gets pushed. Doesn't really matter here. Going to look to all in here since they used all their spells. Um I think he's out of range, so I'm not going to flash. The reason why I could play so calmly there is cuz, you know, I see Caitlyn just spam hitting all her spells in the wave there, right? So, I'm going to look to punish that and I'm pretty much once again I'm just pretty much just playing to my win condition, just playing the poke. Caitlyn's walking up 1v2. We punish that, you know, we hit level three. Caitlyn's walking up 1v2. We get a free kill. Going to go back to hitting the wave here. Boom. Boom. Cross this wave and look to base. You know, my condition is honestly still pretty good, but I don't want to die to a jungle gank here. I might be able to dive this guy, honestly. Um I probably could just dive this guy here. But we got his ignite. I don't know where the enemy jungle is, so I'm not going to risk it. Just going to look to base here. Um my jungle is pathing bot. It's like Well, I'm going to buy a cull here. Got a long sword. Going to look to buy boots. Guys no flash. My jungle should be able to get a kill here. Nice. That's really big. Um no ignite. Caitlyn, I don't think she used anything. I think she just died. But now we're much stronger than them, right? We have still have double sums on me and my support. And I should have the item advantage on this Caitlyn here. So, you know, I got a kill. She doesn't Now, I'm just going to look to slow push the wave here. You know, I'm going to slowly push the wave. No need to hard push it. And then I once again I'm going to stick to the game plan, right? I'm going to look to just auto auto trade on this guy. Every single auto auto trade is winning for me. Just going to keep looking to do that. Boom. Boom. Two auto tags, you know, Soraka heals me full HP and now we're slowly getting an an advantage in the lane. Nocturne's bot side. You know, he could be looping around, but I'm not too scared at the moment to be honest. Don't think they have level kill threat on us. He looks like he's walking up way too early. I'm trapped pretty bad, to be honest. Yeah, I might have to flash here, but I might have baited it out enough for my team. Okay, my Nami should have been house here. I was kind of I wanted to fight there long, you know, because my jungle was on my bot side of the map, so I thought I could bait it out. That was not very good by my Nami theory to trade kills like that. But oh, he actually got two. That's not bad, actually. That's pretty good. That's pretty good. Now, the enemy Caitlyn will lose out on a lot of CS down the wave. So, now I'm just going to play for the plate. And I'm going to look to base here. I think this is really dangerous because the enemy mid laner can be mid. You know, my jungle is pinging help, but I'm going to let him die. I'm not going to go um My chances are really bad here. Chances are really [ __ ] bad, actually. I don't think I die here. But here, I would have just let my jungle die here. You know, this is a terrible dragon. You know, your teammates are going to make terrible plays, right? They're going to make terrible calls. That's okay, you know. If they're around here, this guy was dead, right? I would have just let him die, you know. Um because, you know, he's pinging dragon for no reason when he should just be doing all his camps, right? He should be doing all his camps and then he can do dragon at a different time of year. You know, this guy this time he gets away with it, right? He gets away with the dragon. But, you know, that doesn't mean it was good, right? Just because he got away with it doesn't mean it was actually a good dragon to take. You know, not my problem, right? If he dies, he dies. It is what it is. I you know, I still managed to live, got my base off, so just going to once again just look to stick to the game plan. Just going to keep trying to poke this Caitlyn here. Boom. Boom. Boom. Just slow push the wave. I don't know what this guy is doing right now, to be honest. He's taking a bit of damage there. Now you want to base? All right. Support is trolling a bit, but that's okay, you know, we just have to play around the inting supports. He randomly takes damage and then now he bases for basically He bases for two more pots on Soraka. Um so, once again, that >> [laughter and gasps] >> This guy had two pots and he bought two more pots and we're essentially inting the game. Sometimes they troll, but you know, it's none of your business, you know, you just got to deal with it. Your support do a bit bit of trolling sometimes. Just going to try to poke this guy. Got his E out. That's really big. Just going to stick to the game plan here. Look to poke this guy. He has no E. Boom. Even though that's like a bit of a losing trade, right? I have Soraka heals, so it's not too bad. Okay, they have no Vegar case, so I do really want to play aggressive here. Got the Q. You know, just apply some pressure. Just short trading here and getting a bit of poke down. My Soraka can always heal me back up. So, that's why she bought all those pots, I guess. Nocturne's bot side. That's fine, though. I don't think they can kill me when I'm so close to my tower here. Uh I'm pretty sure they're trying to look to cheese a play on me here. So, I'm just going to play a bit safe um on this timer here. Hey, their jungle is for sure still bot side. So, I'm just going to play slow, you know, no need to force a play right now. Nocturne is still bot. Um Just going to alt to cancel base. Think I could definitely look to play a bit aggressive here. Um I don't think their jungle can stay for this long, so Nice, we canceled his base. Right now we're just 2v2 while my jungle is on grubs for free. Just going to look to punish on these last hits here. Just get a bit of poke damage. Boom. Nice. Probably could have poked him there. Not bad. Think I'm going to look to base soon because, you know, there's my jungle is going to look to do grubs and then hopefully do bot side camps and then gank bot. So, I'm just going to base cuz I'm sitting on a lot of gold here. I don't think we can dive this guy while my jungle is on grubs. Nocturne can definitely still be bot side here. So, I don't want to risk anything crazy. Just going to push the wave. Look to base. Small chance Nocturne's bot side, so going to look to base here and spend my gold. Just I'm to buy two pink wards here. I think It's not bad. I'm going to be the walk kind of out of the big arcade as well. I don't think they can kill this Malphite. Maybe they can. It's a bit hard. Controlling my jungle is kind of trolling here, wasting a lot of time top side for no reason. That's okay. Not my problem once again. Their Nocturne used all, so I can definitely look to play more aggressive bot lane here. I'm going to poke this guy. I can cancel this like Caitlyn's base. She's one HP, right? So, I'm just going to look to cancel her base. Just eat. So, we're going to cancel uh Caitlyn's base here, but I assume since she based, you know, she misses out on a wave for her basing really poorly, and I get a turret plate for that, so. Just playing my range here. Dragon's up soon in 30 seconds, so I'm just going to play the push. I want to defend the vision here. Veigar is kind of chunk as well, so we can definitely play for this dragon, I think. Just going to look to poke this guy once again. Oh, that was in range. Boom. Going to poke. Skarner is trolling a bit. That's okay. And we're just playing poke on this guy. He's still one HP. Still good for us here. Boom. I'm just playing poke. No need to over commit there. She's still splashing barrier, I believe, so. You definitely look to fight here, you know? Like my whole team is here. Now, the reason why I was so confident there is cuz once again, I saw my whole team here. Like there I know they're for a fact that Caitlyn's in base cuz she's low HP. So, he's just walking up, you know? He's just walking up um in a you know, she's walking up in a 2 V 3 2 V 4 situation, so for sure I'm going to take that, you know, numbers advantage fight. We have the highest chance of winning. Since that is trolling as well. Let's pick up the free kill. Places traps there. He's trying to 1 V 4. You see, it's like really [ __ ] hard to win a 1 V 4. Now, my goal is I don't want to fight here, you know? We I just want a really big fight. I just want to look to push the wave and then look to base. Push the wave and then look to pretty much to base. Don't want to fight. I want to spend my gold. I have a I have gold stacks, but I'm not going to greed, you know? No point in being in this situation here. I'm just going to look to spend my gold and recall and buy my items. Buy PD this game. Going to grab red out of base here. Hopefully Soraka doesn't steal it. But honestly, it's actually probably not too bad in Soraka, you know? I'm just going to heal me and then, you know, just use the red buff region, but I'm I'm it's probably still better on me cuz I'm super fed at the moment. And right now, I'm super strong. I just want to stick to my game plan and look to all in them when they use their very important spells like Veigar cage. Boom. I kind of walked into that. That was pretty bad, but I think we do win all ins cuz, you know, Veigar just used everything. Um Veigar just used everything and then Caitlyn's walking up on me, too, when the Veigar has no spells. So. I didn't see where this Veigar went, actually. He's all the way back there. Once again, just playing my range. Nocturne is bot, but I don't think he can do anything here. But I just need to be a bit careful of Zed here on this timer. He's not showing. Okay, Zed's mid. Should be able to kill this guy here. Wow, that was a nice dodge by him. That was I probably definitely should have been able to hit that, you know? He was slowed and I still missed it, so. A bit of a miss on my part, but a good juke by him as well. I think Nocturne has no ult, so I'm pretty confident I can just hit the tower here. Um 1 V 2, I mean 2 V 1, and I'm pretty sure even if Nocturne comes, we can win the 2 V 2. So, I'm just going to play it really up on this guy here. He's walking up. He's walking up by himself. So, just going to punish that. Canceling a bit of autos there, but you know, that's okay. Just going to look to push this wave and then look to base. And I'm going to run mid here. Look to buy my Scrying Orb. Going to run mid here and then look to pressure mid tower, you know? I've already broken bot. It's really hard to push two twos. So, I'm just going to run here. Looks like Zed. I don't know what he's doing here, but you know, none of my business. I don't really want to go into jungle by myself. My Scrying Orb is far. So, I'm just going to run mid with my Neeko Fury here and just hit this mid wave. I mean, hit this mid tower. Zed is behind us, but I don't think he can kill me. I completely forgot about Nocturne. But you know, I'm with my team here. With my team here, so. I'm just playing my range here. Boom boom boom. The reason why that went not so poorly is once again, you know, I saw Soraka coming out of base, so it was going to be a 2 V 3. Um so yeah, Veigar was way too far to help. So, fighting 2 V 2 obviously for them it was pretty hard unless they literally one shot me. But Zed was pretty far. He was still here when Nocturne ulted on me, so he wasn't able to just immediately come and one shot me. But they're um mid jungle are dead. Um support's dead. I'm going to look to break this tower here and no one can be here. Malphite's basing. See if he's top. Only Caitlyn can be mid right now, so I'm just going to hit this mid tower and break it. I'm going to run away now. I'm going to pressure this guy, you know? He's kind of trolling. Playing my range here, you know? No need to do anything too crazy. Just playing my range. We definitely look to fight here, you know? Zed's mid. Um my entire team is bot side. So, I'm just pinging my team to bot this guy, you know? My whole team is here. We definitely look to pressure bot side bot tower here, you know? My whole team is bot side. Should be able to pressure this bot tower here. Looks like Zed is bot. I don't think he has ult, though. So, I can definitely look to kill them all here. The reason why I could go for that is cuz I knew one I knew Zed has no ult, and two, my whole team is with me, right? They're right next to me. My Soraka, my Kha'Zix. 3 V 3. Zed has no ult, you know? It's a very easy win, especially when I'm so fed at this point. Now, just look to base. What I want to play for now is I kind of just want to, you know, once again just stick to my game plan of I'm just going to look to push in mid and then look to move uh on the side, right? But Neeko Fury is helping push in mid. So, I definitely think we can look to play for this top tower. It's either dragon, right? Dragon's spawning soon, so it's either this or this. But I think in this situation, my Neeko Fury is helping top side um and my jungle is top side, so I'm just going to run top here. But I I I don't want to solo dragon by myself, to be honest. So, I'm just going to run top straight top here. Going to ping my Soraka. I want to play for this top tower here this situation. Whole team is here, so. Definitely just kill this guy here. Get nice. That was a little bit dangerous, to be honest. Um if Nocturne ulted, but you know, once again, I'm just super confident cuz I'm super fed. And I still have my, you know, I had like three people with me there, so if Nocturne ulted, I was pretty pretty confident that we would still be able to win that 3 V 2. So, I see, you know, the whole team is dead. Caitlyn's bot. I can just go ham in this tower here. It's a 3 V 3 V 1. Um if anyone even comes top, then it's the Veigar support, so. Yeah, I'm just going to base, you know? No need to risk the play here. They're They have five people spawning. Five people that can defend top right here. But Nami is bot. I don't want to risk a throw here. Just going to take the recall and base. Play once play out on the map with my team once everyone's ready to, you know, make a play, you know? Veigar's pushing out bot bot wave. So, just going to do red buff here and then look to fight on the mid wave here with my team. Going to run mid here. We can definitely look to fight. They have two people bot. We can definitely look to kill this Caitlyn here. He's dead. Nice. So, I'm just going to look to look I'm just going to look bot here and help my team, actually. It doesn't look like they can one shot him. So, here I'm making a decision, right? I don't think they can kill Nocturne quick enough, and I think I can get there in time. You know, my I'm here, so definitely look to kill this guy. Um hopefully we can kill some of them here. It's kind of dragging the wave, so this is going to take a while, to be honest. Okay, nice. Going to look to run this guy down here. Range on Hextech is disgusting on this champ. Holy [ __ ] But they have two people dead, we can definitely look to end um bot here. It's going to be sapping my team. We can definitely just look to end I think with two people dead. We have five people. Just going to hit the tower here. Just seeing where Malphite is at the moment. Okay, nice. They forfeit. Yeah, hopefully this game was helpful, you know, I def- I I was very adamant, you know, on sticking to my game plan this game, you know, playing for poke, playing to trade as much as possible because I have a massive uh sustain advantage with Soraka. But yeah, hopefully this was helpful, and I'll see you guys in the next video where I will be playing in plat and emerald. So, this game is going to be the Jinx game, and this is around plat and emerald. So, you know, um first things first, when I get into a game, you know, I'm thinking about my game plan, how I want to play the lane. Um I'm playing Jinx. Oh, I need to buy it. Almost forgot to buy it. I'm playing Jinx, you know, my champion wants to poke, you know, play my range with my Q. Um my Lux is also a poke champion, and me and Bard is also a poke champ, electrocute, so I need to dodge his Q, and they have a mage bot. So, usually speaking against mages, they're pretty weak in the early game, you know, they don't really do a lot of damage, they have high cool downs, um you know, Veigar has comet and TP, so he has one less combat spell. So, I'm going to look to play as aggressively as possible, and punish the Veigar as much as possible. I don't need to push the wave cuz his pushing power is weak, his trading power is weak. So, I'm pretty much just trying to avoid the Bard Q and the Veigar Q, and I'm going to yeah, look to punish them on last hits, and play super aggressive. Just play my range here. I accidentally auto attacked that, that was bad. No need to, you know, push. Veigar has no Q. Just looking to, you know, pressure him on last hits. No need to push the wave too hard. Just applying pressure once again. Bard is walking up, so we punish him. Just looking to uh last hit here. We hit level two. We can zap here off my off my what's it called? Off my Lux um E. We can look to zap, you know, it's easier to hit, but Lux lands a really nice slow. Nice. Another zap off the E. Just going to look to slow build here once again. Hecarim showed top, so I'm just going to I'm going to greed my ward here. Look to punish this Veigar here. Really nice poke from my Lux. Just avoiding the Bard Q, as you can see. I'm not trying to get hit by the Bard Q. Just playing my range. Boom. Get a lot of free damage off. Now, I'm just going to ward, you know, just in case the scuttle crab is up soon, so my jungle is top side. He's pathing bot, but he's a bit far, so I'm just going to look to slow push once again. No need to force anything crazy here. Just chilling. Just kill my E. Bard is missing, so I'm a little bit scared. Oh, that was so close. Good try. You know, I might be dead here. Definitely might be able to kill this Bard here. I'm not sure what he's doing. Um He kind of wanted to give the kill to Veigar, so you know, the entire time I'm I'm just auto attacking him the entire time, you know, I saw him use his Q on the Lux, so I know I'm not in threat of being killed. Um so yeah, I pretty much just free hit them. He kind of made a silly mistake that he's trying to give the kill to this Veigar, I think, but that was wrong mistake, wrong decision by him. Here, join speaker, I would uh push and TP, but I don't think I can push the wave quick enough. And the thing is, I'm still pretty healthy, right? I'm full I'm kind of like 80% HP. Um I'm pretty 50% HP uh mana, so I feel pretty confident they can't really kill me, and I can stay for the next couple minutes, so I'm kind of just playing for BF sword. Just going to push it out a bit now. Because I do want to look to push and look to get my base off. Okay, my jungle is here. I'm kind of just baiting them here right now cuz I know they don't have ignite, so they can't really kill me here. Hecarim is bot though, I might have to use my flash. Yeah, I need to make sure I just don't die here. Just give my priority kill. No need No need to greed for the kill, right? I've already got two kills, no need to greed for it. Um staying here is a little bit scary. I need your help to push. I need help to push. Okay, nice. Hopefully help me push, so we get the wave in. Okay, the enemy Kennen is bot, so I'm just going to base in a safer spot here. Yeah, these enemy they they they keep wanting to try to fight with mages bot, but you know, he's super weak, as you can see. Look at his buy. He bought mana and a glowing mote, so he's not very strong. Um trying to think of what I want to buy here. I think I'm going to buy Youmuu's Ghostblade here. I think going both Youmuu's or Hextech is fine, but usually Hextech is more reliable because you can get like pickaxe buy, but you know, I'm super fed. I got two free kills um in the early game, so I'm just going to look to buy BF sword and long sword for maximum AD. I feel like this guy should be able to win this. Oh, he took the wrong ult. If this guy took Hecarim ult, he for sure would have been able to one v two there, I think. But unlucky, you know, it is what it is, mate. Here, you know, I've a massive item lead right now. You know, BF sword to sapphire crystal. I want to look to punish these guys. They just used everything on my Lux. We can just kill them for free. So, yeah. There the why was I why I was so confident there is, you know, they used all their spells on my Lux. They used you know, Veigar cage, everything. And I also have a massive item lead from BF sword, long sword to sapphire crystal and boots, so you know, it's the combat items aren't even close. Just going to look to push this wave in base. Yeah, I might stay here, to be honest, since I'm like pretty healthy still. I still have a pot left. I'm just going to ward for the enemy jungle here. This is a very important thing to think about, you know, when you're when you have a lead, what can stop me from, you know, maintaining my lead at the moment right now? It's kind of just, you know, the enemy jungle at the moment. Yeah, this guy is walking up by himself, one v two. Just going to poke him. Boom. Um but yeah, right now, the only thing way I can die realistically is to uh Hecarim gank or Kennen roaming mid. So, I just got to make sure I put my ward down, so I do not die to any random ganks from the Bard and Hecarim, you know, tunneling in or something. W this guy. Nice. Just going to look to pressure the tower here. This guy is one HP. This Veigar is one HP, so I'm just going to look to you know, apply some pressure. I'm not going to push though right now. I'm just going to wait and see what happens. He's trying to gank me bot. Just going to trap him myself. Just going to aim whoever my priority is focusing cuz I just want to get my passive reset as soon as possible. Just playing my range here. I'm going to look to ult. I'm going to look to ult here. I can maybe snipe this Veigar. Nice. That whole fight, you know, I was kind of just playing my range, making sure I place my traps in a position where, you know, Hecarim just can't kill me there. So, they tried to force the gank a bit too hard there. I know my whole team is with me on dragon, so I was pretty confident we could win the four v four. Like I said, like I'm still very strong. And Veigar is like still super weak, you know. Here, first thing I want to think about once I run back to lane, you know, I have my completed item. I should have bought boots. I have my completed item. So, once again, I'm sticking to the game plan, right? I'm going to look to poke them out. Look to dodge their, you know, Bard Q, how they want to trade, avoid the Veigar cage. And once they use that, I can definitely look to, you know, apply as much pressure as possible. I think I see Bard running mid, going to ping danger for my mid laner here. But yeah, once again, my jungle is top side. I don't know where the enemy jungler is. He shouldn't be bot at this time, but who knows what he could maybe look to cheese. So, I kind of just want to chill for a bit, and you know, no need to force anything crazy. Especially when you're in such a hard winning position. Okay, I see Hecarim top. I'm going to immediately look to play aggressive now. Hecarim showed top. I just want to push the wave, and honestly just poke them on the tower. I think both options are fine, you know, you can slow build as well, but pushing wave here, and looking to poke them on the tower is also pretty good, especially when it's versus a mage. Just going to hit this uh Going to hit this Bard here. I might have been able to kill the the Veigar there. Okay, never mind. He just dies to my ult. My Lux lands a really nice bind. So, yeah. Now, I'm pretty much just looking to play the tower. My teammates are grouped. Could be able to kill this guy though. Lux is landing a lot of sick binds here. Now, honestly, I'm just going to base here. I don't want to greed my tempo. Yeah, he has TP. I was about to say uh the enemy jungle my jungle is top side, so I'm going to have to make the assumption that the enemy jungle can be bot. And you know, Veigar's TP, so I don't really want to get my base canceled. So, I'm just going to take the tempo base, run back out of base. Um cuz I don't I don't want to like risk a 2v2 right now. I could probably win, you know, I'm still super ahead in lane, but you know, like there's nothing wrong with, you know, not not taking such uh extreme risks. Especially as you can see like my entire team is pretty much winning right now. I'm super fed, you know. I can just take it slow, maintain my lead, and I should be able to win the game. Once again, I have pretty good vision right now. Um I assume Hecarim is bot side here. So, I'm just going to slow push here. I'm not going to hard push. I want to just punish this guy. He walks up, you know, just play my range. I do see Bard mid though, so I do want to push and look to pressure this tower if he's looking to roam since we're in a 2v1 situation right now, me and the Lux. Yeah, I'm just going to start pushing now. Lux is roaming. Yeah, I don't think it's worth flashing for the 0/5 um Veigar. And yeah, my Lux should also never flash there. It's never worth It's never worth flashing for the what's it called? The 0/5 Veigar there, right? Going to play with my He'll play my range. Playing with my Braum here. There we go. We can easily reset. Boom. Now, we just go back to hitting the tower here. You know, the enemy jungle mid are dead. Um the enemy support is running out of base, but right now I'm super confident. You know, my Braum is hovering my side of the lane, and I have both my sums up, and I'm super fed right now. I still have my complete item. So, I'm just going to look to greed here. I'm just going to stay in the map. Why I can do this as I said, I'm full HP, full mana. My jungle is bot side. And I'm also have a big item lead, so I can just look to stay here. Just going to look to kill this Veigar here. Now, I'm just going to base here. You know, we got a kill, got the tower. No need to overstay. Just going to look to spend my gold and then look to pressure the mid mid tower out of base. I'll buy Infinity Edge next for maximum damage. So, what I'm thinking now is yeah, I just want to look to pressure mid tower with my team, you know. Bot bot lane is already destroyed. Yep. This guy has not expecting me to be mid here, so I get a couple of free auto attacks off and ult this guy. Nice. I'm just going to pressure the mid tower here. Only people that can be mid are Hecarim, and I'm just going to flash here. This guy's no ult though. Don't know why my sums did not hit the Hecarim there, but that's okay. I probably didn't need to flash, I'll be honest. I did not need to flash. That was also my bad. I'm just going to once again pressure mid tower here. Katarina just respawned, and Hecarim's pretty low, so I know it's a 3v2 at the moment, and uh Katarina is still super far. Maybe we might be able to get some kills here. Just playing my range, you know, no need to overcommit. Um just chilling, playing my range. We definitely look to pressure this tower potentially since they're showing two top. So, they could they're one HP in base right now, so I know I can greed for maybe an another plate before they run out of base. Now, I'm just going to base here. I don't want to risk any plays right now, you know. They just based, they're running out of base now. Hecarim can be coming from top side here. And he probably has ult up at this point, so Lux is being super greedy here, so but if she dies, you know, it's not my problem. I'm just going to let her die if she wants to greed. It is not my problem. I just need to make sure that I do not throw the game with my massive lead that I have at the moment. Yep. You know, my Lux is just overstaying in the map way too long. Probably going to die here. You know, not my problem. If she dies, she inted, it is what it is, right? Just let her die. I don't think I can 1v3. I just don't want to take that risk at the moment cuz once again, I'm super fed, I need to throw. Here, I'm just going to look to help here. My Braum is very strong, so I definitely think I can help. I'm just going to take the gate here. I see Katarina mid. Oh my gosh, I sniped that guy. I sniped that guy blind. Nice. But yeah, there the reason why I was confident fighting there even though it was a 2v3 is because, you know, I'm like once again, I'm super fed, but I saw Braum, you know, tanking a lot of damage for me, so I'm very confident walking up there, you know, playing I'm playing my range, right? I'm not like running like getting hit by three people. I'm, you know, still playing what my champ wants to do, right? Play my range, play my rockets. And pick up these free resets to help me win the fight. Oh, minus one. [ __ ] I missed. Missed the cannon. That's fine. I'm just going to look to base here. My top lane is dead. My jungle is doing camps. No need to risk a play here. Could be a potential 2v3. So, I'm just going to take the the safe safe play and do just base. Um Now, what I'm thinking about is I want to look to just push it mid and just help my teammates, right? Push it mid, and then I want to help my teammates on side, whether it be, you know, pushing out, um pushing out mid, and then looking to, you know, do the herald, uh help my Lux get vision. Here, I need to be a bit scared cuz once again, I don't know where Hecarim and Bard are, so I'm just going to play a bit scared. They could be bot side here. So, I'm just going to once again, you know, I push in mid, I'm running top. This play looks pretty [ __ ] bad, you know, they got caught. Not my problem. I'm just going to go back to the mid wave. I don't want to sack wave for no reason. This is very important that you make a decision a conscious decision, right? Like I'm not moving that play cuz I don't think I can help. I think the play is pretty much over. So, I'm just, you know, playing my range. I'm playing safe in the mid wave here cuz I'm 1v3. My teammates are on the objective. But I don't want to drop this wave for no reason, so I'm just going to catch the mid wave save, you know, play [snorts] my range, play back. Pretty scared at the moment to be honest. Um they could have three people mid. Just going to hover this uh hover this Braum here a little bit, you know. Make sure if if a fight does happen here, I can definitely be in range to follow up. Now, I'm just going to go back mid. I really want that red buff to be honest, but it might disappear. I'm very sad. I probably should hover my team here top side, I'll be honest. It's a bit troll what I'm doing. This this is a mistake by me. This is a for sure a mistake by me. Teammates might die here because of that, but you know at least I can push push in mid, you know, it's at least I can push in this mid wave, but I should for sure definitely be able to be top side here and help my team. It looks like it's still playable though. My teammates are pretty healthy. Um Uh I see Urgot coming. Uh so, I'm not sure if we can win. I can definitely get one reset though and run away. Okay, I can definitely win actually. This guy's kind of walking up too far. Yep, he's just walking up way too far from when I have my reset on tower, so you know, I just punished him there. His teammates were also pretty far from him, so going to base here. She I think I can probably stay actually. My whole team's here. We're pretty healthy. Like I'm full HP, full mana. It's a bit risky to be honest. Like we don't need to stay. I'm sitting on a lot of gold. Just going to flash the Hecarim ult. Okay, nice. Just flashed Hecarim ult, that's big. Staying there was honestly definitely a bit risky because, you know, they're all fresh out of base. But I think I'm just so fed at this point that I can kind of just get away with a lot of things that should not be happening. Okay, now it's a little bit risky to stay any longer. Just going to look to base here. You know, they're all spawning soon. Um and I have I should turn my gold to spend, so I'm just going to look to recall here. Base. Going to look to buy Luden's Echo, and then probably get D. Hey, so now I'm looking to play pretty much where my support jungle are. Looks like they want to play mid bot, so I'm going to push in mid and then look to run down bot and hover my Braum on the side lane, you know, help him out. It looks like he's fighting already. He's fighting a little too bit too fast. Like it's like no one on on the no one on the team is like ready to really help out there. Pushing up mid is very risky right now to be honest, so I'm just going to back off here. They could have three people mid, four people maybe. Going to do these uh camps for free. Yeah, here as you can see midwave is pushed. I'm just going to run top and help cuz there's no way I can catch this midwave so far up but now my teammate's here, so I'm just going to help this guy here. See if he doesn't die, but who knows. Um yeah, I'm going to push out top here. Yeah, they're all running down mid, but I don't think Huh? Are you sure if they can defend that without me? Looks like they can, so you know, I'm just going to commit to this top tower here. It goes dead. I'm already here at this point, right? It's like too [ __ ] far for me to just like run down mid here. We might be able to end here honestly if the enemy team doesn't respect us. This is a bit risky, you know, they could have a lot of people. Um but uh I'm just going to I'm just going to play play back to be honest. This is way too risky. I might be dead here. This is really bad. Yeah, this is I knew I knew I I I I knew this was bad honestly. I knew this was bad. Um I should never have I should never have pushed up by too far, you know, once again, there's no point, right? There's no reason for me to be pushed up so far up, you know. My jungle's trolling, right? He for sure should group with the boys, but he's doing camps. But you know, I have to play around that. Once again, like League is not about the best play, it's about adapting to what is on your screen. You know, my brow was here, my Silas was mid. We're playing a 3 V 5. I have no flash. I just have to, you know, I I can't be up here. I just I just needed to base after breaking the inhib and the top tower. What do I buy now? I think I'm going to buy this scepter maybe for the bigger cage. Um but yeah, that was a really like really big throw, you know? Obviously in this game I'm I might be too far ahead, that doesn't matter, but in a different game when you make a throw like that, it's potentially game losing. It looks like they should all be dead here. Should be able to end this up on this guy here. Nice, he should be dead. So we should be able to end here off that kill to be honest. Um I'm going to run it down mid and just look to end the game. Yeah, I'm not going to risk the end honestly. Once again, the whole team is up. There's no point in risking it, right? Like I I don't want to try and 2 V 5, right? There's no reason to for me to try to 2 V 5, you know, just play it slow. Play Play with my team with my insane lead and the game should be a free win pretty much. Play my brow here. I'm just seeing on the map where uh the enemy team is at the moment. Looks like they're Heimerdinger might be coming over, so I'm just going to glue this. Check. I'm pretty confident here, you know, I have my reset. Oh, that was a pretty good bottle to be honest. I'm just playing my range. Don't need to do anything crazy here. Okay, they should all be dead. Should be able to end off that. Should be able to end. Hopefully this game was helpful, you know, especially when you you know, play against mages. Well, it's very important that you know what you want to do on the first one to two waves on especially on Jinx, you know, you don't want to over push. Um and you just want to look to trade whenever you can and look to punish them last hits. Anyways, I will see you guys in the next game where I will be playing in diamond and masters. Hello guys, welcome back to the third Jinx game. Um this is uh around I think diamond one low masters MMR. Um and yeah, first thing I think about once again to game once again is, you know, my game plan. I'm playing Jinx, so I want to play poke play my range. I have the Brand support this game. Um you know, he's not a very strong lane support, but he ideally wants to poke, so we both have pokeish champions in this game. They have a Twitch and a Yuumi, this is a pretty scary combo honestly. Like Twitch is pretty good into Jinx. Um and they have a Yuumi as well, so I just got to really make sure that I take really good trades cuz they also have sustain and they're also stronger than us in all in to be honest unless my Brand has his spells up. So I kind of just want to, you know, play to CS as well as possible, play my range and look to farm. Um and hopefully, you know, my teammates have a lot of lockdown later on in the game, but I think this lane is definitely a little bit rough. Um Just going to gently play for push here. Okay. Okay, they're just cheating in the bush. That's okay, you know. Yeah, my support is pretty bad honestly, but you know, we kind of have to play around that. We don't We don't really have any minions. I'm just not going to play for push honestly. I'm just going to try to match a little bit, but They're just fighting in the wave here, so we can definitely win. Yeah, they're just walking up a bit too far there. Be nice. We get a rocket and we able to finish off the kill there. Enemy jungle's fighting bot. I really need to get this wave in cuz it's really cooked. So I'm just going to run here and base. The only reason we're able to all there, you know, I knew they hit level two, but I saw them focusing my Brand there, so that's why I I was just walking up to hit the minions so that we can match the level two. And then um yeah, I mean they used everything. They were full focusing my Brand, so I got a lot of free damage off on the Twitch, you know, he's fighting in the wave as well, so he's taking a bit of damage and it ends up working out super well for us um cuz of what how the enemy Twitch played it. So there I was just kind of adapting to see how they would play it, right? I saw them all hitting my Brand, so I can play for level two. Um and then yeah, trade a lot of damage off while they're hitting my Brand. So now I have the pickaxe on base. I'm pretty strong right now to be honest compared to them at the moment. Good for Good of my Brand to hold this wave here. We can definitely hold the freeze. I'm just going to ward tri bush here. And yeah, we're just going to look to hold the freeze here as long as possible, you know, don't need to hard push, right? It's a really big wave. We can just chill for a bit. No need to hard push. I probably should have pinged down here there. Cuz I don't think they win that. Maybe they do. Dude, probably all dead here. Fortunate. I'm going to mute this guy, you know, everyone A lot of players will just ping like stupid [ __ ] so Might be able to tag him here. Nice. Yeah, we're getting in some really nice damage on this guy to be honest. I don't think we can dive that. Yeah, I'm not sure what my Brand was thinking there, you know, um but that's okay, you know, not the worst. He missed out on the wave, so it's not the worst there to be honest. Um that we traded one for two. I mean it was definitely not a good result, but at least I got a kill, right? Out of that um situation there. But now he has barrier advantage, so I just got to keep that in mind. Um he has barrier coming up first. The wave is coming in to me. My Brand is roaming. I really don't want to fight here. If I get chunked here, it's really bad for my game. I think Twitch is like he's like stealthing up for sure right now or something. There he is. I'm just going to play to thin the wave out here. Okay, he's stealthing here, so I'm just going to ping missing. We should be able to get the reset and kill this uh Twitch here. Nice. >> [snorts] >> I mean the enemy Twitch is kind of he's just trading kills one for one with my Brand, right? So I'm just there to pick up and clean up the kills, you know, I was able to move there cuz I, you know, pushed out my wave on the tower. I caught this big wave and then I could have a free time to move. Um Just going to play to one shot the wave here. I'm sitting on quite a bit of gold, so I'm going to look to base. I think it's optics. I don't think I can stay and hit this play. I think it's a little bit risky. Their jungler is probably The jungler is probably I think he showed top side, but I can't win one V two versus uh I'm just going to stay actually. I want to I really want to stay for my item here to be honest. Um Yeah, pretty much just going to play the poke. Just going to play my range here. No need for me to overcommit, right? Twitch is already dead. My jungle's here. Kind of want to clear the expunge here, so playing my range. So this game even though I'm super fed, I still need to play super disciplined, right? Like Twitch Yumi is a very scary combo in terms of especially when they hit level six. Oh, I just got to keep that in mind throughout the entire game. I'm just going to base, you know, I'm not going to greed for plate. I'm one HP, low mana, low HP, and I'm sitting on a lot of gold. I'm about to base. No need to greed for a plate there. It's not going to change my buy by a significant amount. I might be able to afford an extra dagger, but you know, that's not a big deal, right? Um just seeing if I can alt anyone on the map if anyone's low, but it doesn't look like anyone's low. So I'm just going to run back to lane here. I'm going to ping my item here, let my support know that I'm pretty strong at the moment. But the thing is they're also very strong, you know, Twitch has alts, so he's definitely stronger than me at level six. I kind of once again, I kind of just have to play around my champion's win condition, right? Which is like to play my range and poke. I think I'm just going to play for push honestly cuz I think it's just way harder for Twitch to all in when I'm the push. Um so yeah, I'm just going to play for push here. I don't know where the enemy jungle is right now. It looks like The enemy Twitch used flash, you know, that's completely fine, right? If my support dies for this guy's flash, I think it's completely worth it to be honest. It's one V two right now, so I don't really want to fight to be honest. I'm just going to cut back here. I should be okay. Nice. We got a free exhaust there, which is super big honestly. Um free exhaust. I'm trying to think if I want to base or stay here. My jungle's on uh Let me top side, so I do definitely want to base. Um Cuz I don't know where the enemy jungle is. I kind of just want to base. So I'm just going to run back here and base. Cuz I don't know where Lee Sin is. He could be on dragon. He could be bot side. He could be looking to dive me on this wave. Yeah, he's on dragon. You're just going to take a free base, reset my condition cuz I'm super low. So I'm going to have to look to recall there. Yeah, Katarina was coming at that bot as you can see, so it's super good that I based there. Otherwise I for sure would have gotten dove by Lee Sin and Katarina. The thing is there's a very decent chance that they could be hiding here like on this gromp, so I'm just going to wait and see. I'm going to wait and see what happens. It looks like Lee Sin is bot. But I don't think he can kill me to be honest. I'm like super strong at the moment. I'm going to hug the left side of the wall. It looks like I canceled his base, which is pretty good. Or maybe he buried it. I'm not sure cuz I don't know how that [ __ ] works to be honest. But he has no exhaust. I'm pretty confident I'll win if he tries to cheese me cuz he is pretty low. Here I'm just going to play for one plate. The enemy Twitch could definitely could be running back out now. So I'm just going to respect, you know, I don't want to walk up and get sprayed on by his alt. So just kind of playing respect. I don't know where Lee Sin is at the moment. Just going to ping the enemy Lee Sin. I don't know where he is. Once again, just playing safe, right? Like the thing is Oh, my top is actually down a [ __ ] ton of CS, but my jungle's like pretty fed at the moment. My jungle's like perma top side for some reason. I'm not too sure why. But I kind of just have to, you know, respect that, right? My my jungle could very easily be playing around me. He's super fed. But you know, he's the enemy Lee Sin's bot. Just going to cut away here. It's okay. We're just taking the gank, right? Like it's very important to play disciplined. Um I'm just going to turn on chat here and let my know, "Hey, I'm playing bot side. We can win. I'm very strong. Don't go top." Yeah, I'm going to turn turn chat off back again. But really I'm just telling my jungle now, right? Like I don't know what my jungle's doing and I completely disagree with what he's doing. Like he's completely throwing the game by perma going top when he could very easily just play around the very fed Jinx. But you know, your your teammates won't always be good, right? Like this guy's a complete noob and that's okay. Um as long as I don't die to ganks, right? Like I survived the Lee Sin gank, which is really big. I don't want to be dying for no reason. I don't I see them use everything on my brand, so I'm pretty confident I can just go in there and pick up a free kill. My Graves is like once again, like this guy is just I don't know what this guy is doing, but that's okay, right? Got to play around him, right? Enemy Lee Sin's bot. We respect the gank. We survive it. You know, you just got to just got to make sure that you are not dying, right? You're still farming as well as possible. Like I'm still up like what? 20 something CS on this guy even though my jungle has been a complete uh bot. Um so here I'm just going to run back bot here. Um I might go mid actually since my R is CM. My R is going bot. I'm just going to run mid here. You can catch that wave. But the issue with versing stealth champs like Twitch is that he actually still beats me one V one because of just how his champ functions. He has his Q stealth and the pink um and his alts, which is really OP. Yeah, like my my top this game and my jungler are just both like really bad this game, so we kind of just I don't know why. You kind of just have to play around that, right? My Graves is Okay, he's doing camps right now. Here I just have to play like super safe, right? Like Twitch Yumi mid lane. My brand is roaming. I I literally just can't walk up unless they show. If I walk up here and he alts me, I'm just completely cooked, right? Like I just have to wait. Just see what happens. I really don't want to walk up here. I'm just waiting to see. Yep, there he is. You know, he is looking to cheese me and kill me. I mean, that's legit all this champ does, right? So you just have to wait. Like look, my teammates are winning bot side cuz they have a big numbers advantage cuz Yumi's Yumi is just sitting on top of this Twitch, right? She's just completely sitting on top of this Twitch trying to cheese kills on me. Um I kind of just have to, you know, give in and respect, right? Okay, these guys need to run. Here I could walk up here and flip it, but I'm not going to flip it, you know, I don't know where Twitch Yumi are. Okay, he's bot. He's bot, so he showed bot. I'm going to hard push this wave. Going to hard push this wave here. I see Katarina running out mid. I assume she's going to run out mid here, so I'm just going to base. I think it's a little dangerous for me to walk up mid one V one versus Katarina. You know, she's actually pretty fed, right? She has her item. I don't feel very confident that I can beat her one V one. Um Yeah, this game, you know, I'm I'm having some my only my mid is doing well. Um you know, my my jungle and top are really bad this game, but sometimes, you know, this is just what happens, right? Teammates are just complete noobs. All the most important thing I can do for myself here is, you know, just keep farming up as well as possible, right? My CS is still pretty [ __ ] good, right? Okay, so I see Twitch bot and I have pretty good vision here, so I'm going to push in this mid wave here. I can't get cheesed. Twitch is like the biggest threat for me at the moment because he's the only one that can um kind of like dodge um division. So here, you know, I pushed the mid. I don't think I can break the mid tower here, so I'm just going to hover bomb this time because it looks like they're overextending, right? Look, they did dragon and they still want to fight. Just going to ping uh my teammates to go. That was a terrible ult timing. That was a legit terrible ult timing. I can pretty sure. You guys I should be able to I'm going to pick up some couple of free kills here. Now Twitch kind of used everything on my um on my teammates, right? So I was confident I could just play up. Jax is pushing mid, you know, not my problem. I'm kind of too far from that. So I'm just going to look to push out this wave and then look to defend the tier two tower. Going to base here and then look to defend the tier two tower. Just going to run back mid here. Stay still. I'm trying to shoot you. Our team has destroyed a turret. Here, you know, I've already pushed in the mid wave. I'm just going to come with my team and we can definitely look to fight here. Yeah, never mind. I thought my Graves was closer and we could fight a 4 V 4. Um but, you know, I was mistaken. Um my Graves was not ready and range to help, so that was definitely a bad fight there. Just miscalculated where my Graves was. You know, it is what it is, unfortunate. Um just going to run back mid. Yeah, kind of bad that I used my flash there to be honest for like a play that was not like good in hindsight, but, you know, we we all make mistakes. It is what it is. Yeah, I'm kind of scared of Twitch once again. Thing is, he is very strong. He has two and a half items. Yeah, my already got caught out once again. It's unfortunate. We can't really push mid cuz Katarina is missing, so. Just going to look to defend top here. Then I'm think I'm going to look to Oh, we can definitely look to kill Twitch actually. He's trolling you. He's trolling you. He's he's reading for this tower here. We can definitely kill this guy. Hopefully this all hits this time. But, this is like a really like this is a mistake that I see a lot of players do, right? Like why is Twitch should not be looking to play for the mid tower there because, you know, he doesn't really have good vision. And look, his jungle and top lane are 1 HP in base. So, it's like there's no reason for him to like walk up, right? 1 V 2, he has no vision of my jungle and top lane. And his Jax and Lee Sin are in base, right? They both just made a play top side. So, he's just trying to force a play, right? 2 V 4, trying to force a play, you know, ends up working poorly. There's just no reason for him to force a play, right? Like his top and jungle already got a free kill on my Ahri. All he needs to do is just base and, you know, reset and once again play with his team. But, he's just showing on mid lane hitting tower, so, you know, we pick up another free kill. And my team was there to capitalize on that, so really nice by my team there. I'm going to ping my item. I'm super close to my Infinity Edge. I'm like super strong once I get this. Once again, guys, like Twitch is super strong. Like sure, I'm up a bit of item, but, you know, if he stealths on me here, he can definitely look to one shot me. Um so, I'm [ __ ] scared here to be honest. Yeah, there he is. Like that's all this guy is going to be trying to do the whole game. You know, once again, my Brand is for some reason stealing my entire wave. Um otherwise, I would have been able to get IE, but, you know, sometimes they just troll for whatever reason. This looks like a pretty bad fight. I'm not going to follow up on that. You know, I'm just not going to follow up on that play. It's like a 4 V It's like a 4 V 3 there. I see Twitch, Yuumi, and their jungle uh mid are missing. Jungle and top are missing, so they legit are 5 V 3. Um so, I'm just going to let my teammates die. No need to fight, you know, no need to get baited by the pings or whatever. All I can do is just constantly try to farm as safely as possible. Just going to look to base here. I have my Infinity Edge in base, which is a massive spike. Then I'm going to look to buy my LDR. Looks like there might be a fight here, so I'm going to drop this mid wave. To just make sure I'm here with my team cuz if I go mid here, I don't know where uh Twitch and Yuumi are and it's like super dangerous for me to really just walk up with no vision of the Twitch and Yuumi. Even right now, it's [ __ ] scary. I don't know where Twitch and Yuumi are. All I'm thinking about right now is where the Twitch and Yuumi is. Okay, nice. My Ahri traded a kill there. Yeah, my Camille is like pinging our team there like for whatever reason when he's just jumping in way too far. Like it's pretty like I'll be a better word, disgusting that my teammates are just spamming each other this game including like, you know, the team. Like Camille is just pinging us there like we have the same range that she does when it comes to like Eing forwards and pressing her ults. But, you know, it's pretty crazy. I'm just going to mute all the pings. I don't know why I didn't have that muted, but it's pretty unreal. Um You know, all we can do this game is just keep farming well, right? Like that's all we can do, right? In this in this game, you know, when our when our top, jungle, and support kind of just running it down. Um I'm a little bit scared here, but I'm pretty sure Twitch has no ults. So, this game I'm pretty much as you can see, I'm pretty much just always running to where my teammates are. Like and if they go for a bad play, I'm just going to let them die, right? But, you know, walking up the mid wave by myself like even now, like if I walk up here, it's pretty [ __ ] dangerous. Like I'm kind of playing on the edge here. But, it's [ __ ] scary playing against a Twitch. I've always got You've always got to make sure you keep him at the back of your head, right? Like when you're against a champion like Twitch, you always got to be thinking he's like the only person can kill me, right? I mean, all these guys can kill me for sure, but Twitch is the only one that can break the rules of the game, right? With the stealth. He can dodge my vision and [ __ ] so really just have to um kind of avoid that. Think I'm going to go heal cut this game actually to have a bit of healing. Um on the Yuumi. So, I'm just going to go heal cut for that guy. It's really hard for me to walk up mid by myself, to be honest. Yeah, that's like the power of Twitch. Is that the champion just literally opened up 1 V 4 and he was able to do enough damage um for him to win the fight there because he had flash. So, yeah, I mean, honestly in hindsight like I probably should not have walked up at all, to be honest, and just let someone else walk up on my team. Cuz he was able to open up on me and do like a [ __ ] ton of damage to my HP bar. Um But, at least he used uh flash and sums there, I believe, so it's not too bad in that regard. Just going to do camps here. Nothing else for me to do right now when my teammates are dead. I'm really scared of Twitch. She's like super fed at the moment. Um so, I kind of have to just play safe. Yeah, this is like honestly a very hard game to play Jinx, to be honest. I don't think it's particularly easy, especially when we don't really have any guaranteed lockdown CC besides Camille ults, but, you know, she's having a very rough game this game. And my Brand is like he's just like a stun bot, but it's not easy for him to land his stun versus their champions. And he's using his spells in the wave, right? So, the funny thing is Twitch can literally just rock up and just open up on me there because my Brand is using all his [ __ ] spells in the wave. It's just such a scary game to play in, to be honest. I feel like I'm playing a horror game right now. I'll be honest. Yeah, I think this is like terrible play, to be honest. I'll keep it honest. A buck, I don't know where Twitch and Yuumi are. I'm just going to hide here. I don't know what my Brand is doing, to be honest. Okay, my Camille actually won for some reason. I don't know how that happened, but he actually won on side. Once again, you know, this ward is really pretty good, honestly. We can actually see where Twitch is. But, he can look to kill this wave and then stealth and then look to open up on me once again. Like it's just really annoying playing against this champion. He's probably stealthing right now. So, I'm just going to hide in the bush with my teammates here. He can literally one shot me in like a couple auto attacks with Yuumi since he's been on three ults as well. I need my Ahri to like walk up and clear clear the vision there, to be honest. Okay, my Camille showed on vision. It's a bit [ __ ] scary. Might be able to No, they're TPing here. They're TPing here. They're TPing. I'm just going to place a ward on the pink here. I'm like really [ __ ] scared to walk any more forwards. I thought I could Okay, this guy is 1 V 4. Definitely kill him. Oh, I trolled actually. I trolled that so hard. My bad. But, that's okay. You know, we we still got two free kills. You we can show right. They got Baron Nashor, which is not good, but a couple free kills. Okay. I don't know how else to explain to you. Okay, this is really scary. I mean, I just don't feel comfortable walking up even if my team is here cuz Twitch is everything up. And don't know why these guys I mean, like these guys just I don't know if their pings muted, but like I'm just waiting for my item, bro. Once again, like I was not comfortable walking up there. I know I had my teammates, but they looked really [ __ ] far. I think it's Twitch can actually kill me extremely quickly, right? Once again, he can kill me like three, four autos. So, I I don't really want to take the risk, you know, of like trading or more dying for no reason, right? So, I'm just going to play it safe. I got my moral mind here. I'm just going to buy pink for myself as well at this at this at this time in the game. Which showed mid. Um, he can definitely look to cheese me here. Okay, he's showing mid wave. Nice, that's really big. I thought my Camille was going to go over and help me get the reset on the Katarina, but I guess that was my bad. I guess that was my bad. I'm surprised my Katarina didn't um I mean, my Camille didn't um you over to um what was it? To secure the kill on the Katarina, but it is what it is, unfortunate. Um, I should not have died there for sure. Yeah, like Twitch does so much damage with Yuumi, and our comp is pretty ass to locking down a Twitch Yuumi. But she went this Oh, once again, this entire game my jungle is instead of looking to punish the no sums Twitch, you know, he's just ganking top on repeat. Um, just trolling half the time in this game, but you know, maybe if I played some of the fights better, we for sure be able to win, but even even regardless, this game is really [ __ ] hard to win um with the way my teammates are playing, with the way our comps are drafted this game. This guy is [ __ ] really strong at the moment. Listen, I just I literally just can't walk up by myself. It's just unplayable for me at the moment. Just have to chill. My both my soul lanes are strong on side. I just have to chill. Catch the wave safe. Twitch can literally just one shot me. The funny thing is he could probably unironically dive me as well. Like he could probably just open up and just like kill me if he wants. Um There's not really much I can do. He's [ __ ] four items with uh with a Yuumi by by his side the whole game. These guys are just forcing bad plays. I don't know where Twitch Yuumi is, bro. It's really [ __ ] scary, brother. I don't know where Twitch is. Nice, he's got his ult and flash. That's not bad. Just going to go back and bomb this top wave here. It's a really fat top wave. A lot of CS for me to catch. I was going to look to push out top here. I want to look to get my GA as soon as possible cuz GA just allows me to honestly play way more aggressive. Like I can just walk up and if I can maybe like tank a Twitch ult um and trade GA for Twitch ult one fights and do a lot of damage to them, it could be a winning play. He just used um Yeah, they used Mikael's, but they have Mikael's as well now. That's Yeah, that for sure makes the game a lot harder now as well. Okay, um Twitch has no ult at the moment. We might be able to look for like uh play bot side or at least defend the tower because Cuz uh Jax has no flash. My Camille will for sure could have ulted him there, but you know, not much I can do, right? This guy is a bot, so that's okay, right? He's playing pretty pretty poorly. But you know, just got to I can't really I don't want to force a play there. If I flash forwards there, it's not worth. I don't think I can kill the guy. Just got to play it around what my teammates do and just deal as much damage as possible when it's safe to do so. Once again, like walking up mid here is a little bit scary. The reason why I'm playing so safe this game is lost cuz I generally just don't trust my teammates to actually like um to actually like help me in like a lot of situations where like I've baited it up for my teammates, just it hasn't gone well this game, so kind of just have to adapt what's going on in the game. Pretty close to my GA though at least. They are for sure cheesing considering that Yeah, Camille just didn't press a single button once again. Like not much else to say here. Okay, here I'm just going to the base. If Twitch shows up here, you know, it is what it is. I mean, not much we can do, right? If they end the game, they end the game. I'm surprised they didn't even try to end there to be honest. Like Here, I'm just going to look to catch the wave and then look to purchase my GA. Pretty [ __ ] strong now. We should be able to clear the wave and hang on this game. I don't think it's an end angle for them at the moment. I have a lot of wave clear with my rockets. I'm going to look to buy bloodthirster as my last item here. I'm just going to go max damage. Just Yeah, I think my none of my teammates are very useful at the moment. So, I'm just going to [ __ ] just send it and just go with much damage as possible. Just have to chill here. I probably maybe could have played that bit more aggressive, but you know, my teammates are all dead, so even if I killed one or two people there, I just don't think we get anything off that, right? My jungle's dead and Twitch Yuumi are up. So, I just don't think it's worth using my flash and [ __ ] Um Thing is I don't I I haven't really been keeping track of Twitch Yuumi in the past 20 seconds, so I'm just going to, you know, play safe in my [ __ ] base and just catch the wave safely. Um Cuz he for sure could just open up on us mid here. Um, and he for sure can just kill my Ahri right now as well to be honest. Ahri's a little bit far up. Good luck to this Ahri. Okay, Twitch is mid. Nice. He showed mid and he's not hitting the wave, so he's for sure cheesing. I don't know where he is, but he's for sure cheesing. >> We should be able to clear the waves and hold on here. He's going to look to buy red elixir here. Elder's up soon. Don't even I don't know if I'm even sure he can fight that to be honest. I mean, you kind of have to and the game is pretty cooked I think if they get it. Um Yeah, looks like none of my teammates are going to the elder. So, what can I do? I cannot walk in one V5, so I just got to play around my teammates here. Unfortunately. They got the elder. It is what it is. He's going to have to make a miracle happen here, guys. I mean, Twitch opens up. We're all [ __ ] now, I think. He's going to do a lot of damage to us. And it's very scary. Very unfortunate you get hit by that and now you don't have alts. Very unfortunate game, you know. Very unfortunate game. But, I wanted, you know, show you guys that, you know, even even when you still play overall, I'd say overall I played pretty disciplined this game, but you know, you can't win them you can't win them all, right? Like some games aren't meant to be lost, but overall this game, you know, I tried to, you know, play on my timers as well as possible. Unfortunately, I didn't really have a a single teammate this game, but, you know, some games are unwinnable. That is just a fact, you know, learning to accept the losses. I think there was a couple instances where I could have played it better, but it is what it is. Um yeah, so hopefully this game was helpful, you know, in terms of like, you know, making sure that you know, you're you keep up with your CS, right? I was still able to farm and you know, and get my items. Um unfortunately, there weren't a lot of fights which were particularly good that my teammates took. But, yeah. Um hope you guys learned something from the video and I'll see you guys in the next one.
