Title: I Spent 200 Hours Mastering Forgotten Champions in League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wt7GZEoEvDY

Content:
A few years ago. This was one of the most popular
champions in League of Legends. but
now she's completely forgotten. She just couldn't compete
with all the new crazy champions. At least that's what
I thought a few weeks ago, because I went on a quest
to find the most difficult combos for champions
that no one plays anymore, and to prove
that they can still keep up. I'm going to keep playing
until I do all in real games, starting with a champion that had
the biggest fall in popularity. Zoe, her Q deals more damage
the further it goes. So at long range, it's one of the
highest damage abilities in the game. But it's not easy to aim. One way to guarantee is to flash every ability at the last second
to catch enemies off guard. I didn't see my little break from
league would make me worse, but even this simple thing
gave me a lot of trouble. It took me five more games to do it,
but I'm sure just because I had to learn
how the Zoe works. But it was only after a few games
and a bit of research that I found this. Zoe is her most hated ability. If it is an enemy,
it can even sleep for two seconds. And while they sleep,
your Q do even more damage. What's crazy about it
is that you can extend its range by using it through a wall,  and easily hit
enemies that are way out of your screen   But to get this weird combo,
we have to combine it with ult. It's a simple teleport
that takes Zoe back after 1.5 seconds. One thing that came to my mind
instantly is using it to trick champions that follow
your character, like Zed or Master Yi. Now we
can go back to this weird combo. This is how it works, right? You use E at the end of your ult and then it will extend your bubble
range. It's really precise, and it's a little bit easier
if you use Q as well, like ult Q E This one wasn't difficult. I mean, I just had to hit a single E. And honestly,
it was supposed to be this quick showcase of a cool mechanic,
but for some reason it took me 10 more games to complete this one. Okay, yeah. That's it. So now let's move on to an actual
difficult combo. If done perfectly,
it makes E completely undodgeable. The idea is that
if you use the second part of Q after E, it hides its animation. Now, if you combine it with
flash and all, you get this. Honestly, I was a little scared that I already played certain games
and the hardest combo was still ahead. So this time I practiced for an hour. Okay, maybe I wasn't in my peak form,
but I knew I could make it up in training and it just worked  In my first game I already got a good try, in game
three, another one and two games later
one more. I trained so much
I could do it perfectly every time. I just had to hit it a single time. And finally in game seven, I did this. Okay, wait wait wait. All. Yeah, I think I did it. That's it. Oh. 25 games for the easiest combo
wasn't that bad, so I was really confident
I can keep going. But honestly, maybe I wouldn't
if I knew what was coming next. But while recording
the next part of the video. I got a little distracted. You see,
but boot.dev reached out to me too. Check out their website
about back end development, but I had no intention of learning
how to code. I mean, in the past I tried it,
but every time I bored and I stopped after a few days. But I think they found a way to fix that
because instead of working on video for the next five hours,
I was learning how to code. And they did it by making me feel
like I was playing a video game. By constantly coding,
you get to level up, finish quests,
get achievements, and fight bosses. And I didn't expect it,
but I really had found their platform. So now they are
the sponsor of this video and I genuinely believe
is the easiest way to learn Python. Go and SQL. Now the median salary in the US
for backend developers. It's over $150,000
and the jobs are often remote, so it's a great place to get into. Go to boot.dev
and child their courses for free, then use my code. Hoompty
with 25% off your first entire year. If you chose the annual plan. Ryze! He's such a weird champion. He's supposed to be this burst mage,
but he got a slow teleport on his ult. Just why. His basic kit looks fairly simple,
but it gets more complex the more you play him. It's all about
upgrading his abilities with E. So if you use Q after it,
it will do more damage. If you don't have W, it will root. The first thing I realized is
that you can actually use Q first, then flash, and it E will land first,
giving you empowered Q. It was already quite difficult,
so I missed the first few tries, but as you'll see later,
I had to play way too many Ryze games. So eventually
I got really good at it.    Now let's look at that awkward ult. It's a portal
that teleports you after two seconds. I still don't get the idea behind it, but I'm sure
I can do something with it. Obviously it's a decent escape tool.  
but it actually feels really good to pop your ult and oneshot someone
just as it teleports you What's even better,
though, is using it to dive enemies. This one is difficult
because you need to know your damage pretty well,
but once you get more confident, it just feels like
you're the best Ryze in the world. Okay, I'm doing it. Yeah. I also found out that you can cancel
his ult with recall to bait enemies. It's mostly useless, but when it
works, it just breaks their ankles. Overall, I played 15 games with Ryze,
and honestly, I changed my mind. he's kind of fun. That being said,
he still kind of clunky. Wait, I have another idea. What if I use this next to a wall I just found a final boss of Ryze
combos. The idea is simple. I use his ult next to a thin wall.
At the last possible moment I flash oneshot someone
and come back. What makes it really cool is that the enemy can see
the ult animation at all. but it's basically
a standard Ryze combo with ult and flash,
so it can't be that difficult, right? Well, I started playing,
but in the first eight games I didn't try to single time.  Okay I thought it's gonna take a few games  next seven games and still nothing. I don't know guys.
I think I should just commit harder. Ten more and not a single try. I really didn't know what's going on. I mean, in practice I was doing it every single time,
but in game I couldn't even try it. Well, now is probably a good time
to tell you that. Before recording this video
I had a nine month break from league, but honestly, I didn't think
it would affect my gameplay that much. And while my mechanics were still quite good,
my confidence was at the all time low. Each time I saw an opportunity,
I would just panic and walk away. The next five games I had a few
good setups, but I couldn't do it. I knew at some point
I'll get it back, but I really didn't want to play another 100 games. So from now on
I decided to try the combo for ten minutes after each game. I didn't just want to learn it, I wanted to do it
every single time with my eyes closed. And after ten more games,
it slowly started working. I got a few decent tries,
but in all of them I used flash too far from the wall. So I kept playing and in five games
I got another one.  In game 61 I got one more.  and in game 65
I got really close to the best dragon's kill of my life. I got so many attempts. It had to happen at some point. And then in game 70, I finally did it. That's it. But after so many games,
I really wasn't happy with this one. I mean, it worked,
but this guy would die anyway, and I just didn't feel like
I accomplished anything. So yeah, I went for another one. But I guess somehow this unlucky combo
made me decent at League again. Because in the next game it happened again. Oh, yes. Finally. Oh,  that was so good. I it wasn't perfect,
but I didn't care. I felt really happy. But at the same time,
I already played 100 games and I knew that the worst was coming. Quinn's playstyle is all about her
passive every eight seconds and mark appears
over the closest enemy and hitting is is more damage
and gives you attack speed. But eight seconds is a long time,
so you can use Q or E to apply a new mark. Q is a skill that blinds and is
a backflip that knocks back enemies. She also has her W that gives you vision,
and all of that just makes her fast. So it's an ADC
with support abilities. I can see why no one plays her. First I tried experimenting with Q
and flash. Turns out if you have enough attack
speed, you can flash just after Q and her auto will land before
Q, allowing for two quick attacks. But her E is
probably the most interesting ability. The right placement. You can use it to jump over walls. Then I realized that
you can flash just after using E, you get two quick out attacks. Oh, that was cool. So I try to combine those tricks
into the hardest combo possible. And this is the only thing
I could come up with. So I started playing
and I got a few decent tries in my first few games,
but it didn't really make sense. I mean, it was just a first trick
with E at the end. Yeah,
I don't even know I'm trying this. Let's just look for something else. But that might have been a mistake,
because a few minutes later I found probably
the hardest mechanic yet. For some reason, E applies the mark with a tiny delay. So if you do it really Precisely. You can squeeze in the first out
before the mark. Now we have to talk about her
ult. When used It gives you a lot of movement speed,
but when you go out of it, it applies a mark. So if she is out of old
and then squeezing the auto, you should be able to proc two marks
almost instantly. It doesn't look that impressive, but it is by far
the hardest one in this video. Just to put it into perspective. After 15 minutes of Ryze combo,
I could do it nine out of ten times. In this one I was one out of ten. Even after an hour. Oh that's precise. So I started playing and expected
the other 50 games, but I guess the training paid off
because in the next game I had my first good try and then what did I do? Wait. There's no way, right? Let's see here. Yeah. This is E, and the first proc should be here Yeah. This is the first proc
you can see here. And then a little further, ye, it procs again Yeah. That's perfect. Like what? There's no way. I did my first try. Yep, that's it it is in game one on my first try. And after 75 games of Ryze
I played only five games of Quinn to get all of these clips. I really didn't know if my skill came
back or the combo was just too easy, but it gave me was the confidence
to go for the last combo with the least popular champion
right now. Ivern He has been in the bottom five in popularity
for years, and I can see why. He's a weird riot experiment
that was supposed to combine support in jungler roles,
and he actually does that quite well. The problem is
he's just not that fun to play. I immediately focus on his abilities, looking for
even the smallest idea of a combo. I'm sure if you look close enough, there is something fun about them
right? I started with his E,
which is a basic shield that explodes after two seconds. When you build AP,
it can do some decent damage. So I flashing at the last second before I try to catch enemies off
guard. It was fine. Nothing amazing. His Q allows him to jump
to anything it hits. If you're close to an enemy, you can right
click instead of clicking Q again and it makes Ivern jump away,
making it a great escape to tool Wait do I win that? You can even do it over walls. Okay, I'm actually having fun on Ivern, that's crazy and I didn't even look into Daisy yet. On ult Ivern summons Daisy. Every three attacks,
she can knock up enemies. You can also shield her. And she uses Q
snare to jump to enemies as well. Maybe we can fight now go, Daisy! Go! Wait. What is this damage, though?  for some reason
she procs on-hit effects. So something like
press the attack or nashor tooth are surprisingly good items on Ivan. And that's basically it. He's the least popular champion
right now, so it made sense that he didn't have any difficult combos. Yeah, I don't know.
I just don't have any ideas left. I was hoping I could end this video
with like a crazy combo, but I can keep trying, but you know, it's
Ivern I supposed to do. But I couldn't
just leave it like that. And even if I already played
100 games, I had to find something not only for Ivern,
but also to prove myself. I can still do those crazy combos. So I went back to practice tool
to brainstorm a one last mechanic, and after 30 minutes I got a really,
really, really bad idea. Okay, let's see what if I did this right now? Oh whoa whoa whoa whoa
oh, I think we got something. It doesn't look that impressive yet,
but if you combine it with other mechanics,
it's probably the only difficult Ivern combo you will ever see. We start by using Q at max range. Its cooldown is reduced by half
if it hits a monster, so we have to use it on a jungle camp  Just as Q hits We use E, both Q root and E end after 2 seconds So just before it happens,
we have to flash so E can do damage and then Q before it runs out. Now if we did everything correctly, Q should be back up so we can use
Q again during that flight. Then again, E again and Q back to the enemy
just as it explodes. But you might already see
a big problem with this one. To even try it,
you need at least 150 haste in league reduces your abilities. cool down
and you can get it by buying items. Our problem is that most
items in the game give 20 to 25 haste, making 150 only reachable
if you have full build. But in my first 20 games
I got close to it only once
and I didn't even try the combo. How long could it really take? I mean, eventually I would play a game
long enough to try it right? I'm not even sure it's possible. It's been like 40 games
and I had 2 tries. Honestly, I might just call
it. Maybe. There's no point and it probably would end here
if not for one lucky event. I played a single game
of Ultimate Spellbook just for fun. It's basically
a normal game of league, but you get additional
ultimate ability. What I didn't realize before
is that they added a small feature that changes everything for our combo. They call it accelerated games and what it does,
it makes earning gold faster. It was the last thing
I was missing out. Now I could get to this magical
150 haste almost every single time. With two weeks of the mode left,
I knew I could do it. I just had to play enough games. I finally got my excitement back
in game one. I had my first decent try. Okay, okay, I'm getting there. Then four games later
I hit another one in game 62. One more. I thought it would be over by now, but at least we're getting
some good attempts in. It has to happen soon. The biggest problem wasn't
even the difficulty, it was just really hard
to find a place to use it. Another ten games went by and
I started getting a little worried. I know it's going to happen. I just really don't know if I can play
another 50 in game 80. I got to try it again,
but I completely missed and for the next 20 games
nothing happened. I mean, I was really trying,
but it was getting worse and worse. Oh, that I was so bad in game 101, I had another try,
but it wasn't even close. I really didn't know
if I should continue. I mean, I can
just keep playing forever, okay? I care way too much about it. I'm so stressed I don't think
I can keep going like this. You know? I think I'll just burnout again today. I played like what, 15 games? I mean, it's way too much,
but I'm just afraid I won't make it. I was really tired,
so I decided to just give up. It didn't feel great,
but at this point I had no choice. Okay, I think I'm just going to play
five games per day. Just leave those games for focus
and if it works, is the night perfect? But if it doesn't, I guess
I still have a cool story to tell. And even if I didn't fully believe it, something changed
because in the next five games I had five more tries. With only three days left,
I was finally getting it and I felt stronger than ever. I wasn't playing better, I was just
using every opportunity I got. In game 114,
I hit another really close try. Oh so close. Oh. And in game 115, a day before the deadline, this happened. Oh, wait wait wait. Oh, no. Should I even count it? I don't know, I guess I did it, but,
I wasn't great. But with one day left,
I decided to end it here. There was no way I could do it again. And this one was good enough.
I mean, I'm happy. I wish it was a little bit better,
but at least I got it done. So I moved on to the editing process And since this is my comeback video,
I wanted it to be perfect. So it took a long time. But just as I was finishing it,
I saw that another game mode is gonna release soon URF was coming back and this time
I wasn't gonna miss my opportunity. In my first game,
I already had a really good try. Yeah, it's gonna happen, guys. It's gonna to happen  In game two one more and a few games later. I did this. wow, what am I doing In game five It almost happens. And in game seven, after 122 games of Ivern I finally did it. Okay, maybe now let's try it. Oh, wait, I can't. Oh, it. Really?
Do it. Wait wait wait wait. Yeah. That's it. Oh my God, we're done, we're done. That took so long. Oh, it feels so good by the way
