Title: League of Legends Basics - Summoner Spells
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMC01mp8aT0

Content:
So, you want to learn more about summon spells, do you? Well, you've come to the right place. Let's not waste any more time and look through the different spells now, shall we? Exhaust, a frequently used summon spell with both offensive and defensive purposes. An enemy champion's movement speed and attack speed is drastically lowered. This can allow your team to catch up to him or in reverse open a way for you and your teammates to escape from a situation. If you have one mastery point, you even drop the target's armor and magic resistance, making a kill on the target even more likely. A good spell for supports, AD carries, and in some cases even from top lane. Ghost increases your movement speed by 27% or 35% if you invested in Summoner's Wrath. It also allows you to walk through units. This is especially useful for melee champions in team fight situations if you want to dash through the enemy team and take out the enemy's AD carry. A champion that is very notorious for this maneuver is Ola whose ultimate also prevents disables on. It can also be used as an escape tool or a way to chase down an enemy. The summoner spell heal restores a chunk of health to you and your surrounding allies. Your allies get 50% of the health you receive. Because there will be a serious balance issue with this spell in team fight situations. Each affected player gets a debuff that will reduce the effect of any further summoner heals by 50%. This debuff runs out after 35 seconds. Revive. Yes, this is a spell you should stay clear of. This thing gets you back on your feet instantly after you died with a bonus to max hit points. Although the problem is that the cool is extremely long and your team would benefit more if you would pick summoner spells that actually help you stay alive in the first place. So, please don't bother with this one. Smite. This spell is only meant for jungle champions. It has a very short cool down for summoner spells, 70 seconds to be exact, and deals a huge amount of true damage to a neutral monster or creep. This allows you to safely kill the buff monsters inside the jungle at level one. You want to use this spell as often as possible as it will also give you 10 extra gold if you spec into surge. Now, this is a tough one. Surge is very rarely used and I can see why. The bonus damage you get out of the spell doesn't seem like it's worth it when you take the long cool down into account. That said, I could see myself using this spell on a champion that uses a hybrid build, or in other words, a champion that builds in such a way that that he benefits from both AD and AP. The example that comes to mind would be an offensive top lane Kale that builds items to boost the damage of her righteous fury auto attacks. These attacks benefit from both AD and AP. So she would benefit from both effects of this spell. So I would say take it if you're building a hybrid character in such a manner. Don't take this spell otherwise though. Teleport is a fun spell. You can either make extremely good use of it and really change the flow of a game or you can waste some of the spell. The first and most obvious way to use teleport is to recall back to base, buy items, and get back to lane in only a few seconds without missing out on farm. This gives you a nice advantage over your opponent. But there is more to the spell. You can use it to turn over team fights from across the map. When you see on your mini map that trouble is brewing in bottling, for example, you can teleport right into the fry. Granted, there is still an allied creep standing around, but this entrance is not really subtle and the enemy has time to back off when they see you teleporting in. Maybe this maneuver saved your allies, but now your original lane is unprotected. If you came from the top lane, you will have quite the hike back. So, do consider these risks. Cleanse, an underappreciated gem in my eyes. I really like this spell on my AD carries. Since you're building with maximum damage in mind, as an AD carry, you have a very small This means that the enemies disables can  and kill you very easily. This spell helps you to prevent this. The enemy ash lands a crystal arrow, cleanse it. You get chased and exhausted, cleanse it. Maler comes to gank and roots you, guess what? Cleanse it. There's an item with a similar effect called the quick silver sash. But all in all, it costs 1,640 gold and you want to invest your gold primarily in damage items. restores a lot of mana as stated in the spell description. But how do we make the most use of this? Normally, you would buy items that serve as your mana engine, such as the goddess or jealous of harmony, but using this summon spell allows us to focus on getting other items sooner. Alternatively, you can both use clarity and a powerful mana engine to throw way more spells around than you could without it and try to dominate your lane early on. This does have its disadvantages though because if you cannot press a big enough advantage, you will have to go into the late game with a rather useless late game summon spell and a delayed build. Naturally, this spell is only useful for champions that depend almost exclusively on their abilities that use up mana. Now, here is an important one. Ignite is the second most used summon spell in League of Legends. It allows you to place a damage overtime effect on an enemy champion from afar. This is more often than not the little bit of extra damage you need to finish someone off as they seek cover behind their tower. It also has a healing reducing component to it. This helps you counter some champion abilities such as Dr. Mundo Sadism or stick. Also, once you hit late mid to late game, Ignite will do wonders when you attempt to take down the enemy team's AD carry. When you led onto the enemy's AD carry, he will try to stay alive damage to you and healing himself with his life steal. You can drastically reduce this heal with Ignite and also put on additional damage to take him down a tad faster. Promote. This spell can be cast once every 3 minutes. This means that every second siege minion can be promoted in one lane. But this does not mean the spell is useless. The basic idea behind this spell is to push your lane further towards the enemy tower and help you take down the bloody thing. This will not only result in an early tower kill if done correctly, but also in a lot of enemy jungler. If you and your team have good coordination, you can take advantage of this. Have your jungler nearby when you are promoting a minion to go for a little bit of lane pushing. When you get attacked by the enemy jungler, you can turn the fight around with your own jungler in hiding. Do remember though that promote is not that useful in the later stages of the game. So once again, if you didn't press a big advantage early on, you wasted a summon spell. Clairvoyance. Here is once again one of those spells that requires good communication with your teammates. After casting it, you and your teammates are granted vision over any given location on the entire map. Cleo has only a second cool down, so don't hold back on using it. In the early game, you want to use this spell to sniff out the enemy's jungler. Combined with good placement, you can track his or her movements rather efficiently and thus prevent your lanes from dying because of unexpected ganks. Also, if you have a strong suspicion that the enemy jungle is inside your own jungle, you can allow your teammates an easy kill if you find him there using also stays useful. stages of the game since you can check the brushes around Baron or any other brush for that matter without having to get too close to place a ward. This can prevent disastrous ambushes laid by the enemy or even turn their cluster position against them. I would not take this spell on anyone aside from the support. Having more than one is wasteful and your other champions will other summoner spells. That said, I think this is the best summoner spell for support if you're using voice chat. Now, at long last, we arrive at the king of summon spells. Flash is used almost every match by everyone on both teams. The reason for that is quite simple. It is the most reliable escape tool there is. Upon activation, your character teleports a certain distance towards your cursor. But this can of course not only be used as an escape tool. You will find yourself in situations where you want to get closer towards the enemy as fast as possible. Flash can provide you with the necessary mobility. You can also travel through walls with flash even when you do not have sight of the area behind the wall. If you decide not to take flash, you will give up a lot of mobility and tactical possibilities. only do so if you have a very good strategic reason to do so. So now that you know about the various summon spells available in Summon Rift, what are you going to do next? If you want to test them, go knock yourself out. If you still want to learn more, the annotation in the top right hand corner takes you back to the menu.
