Title: The ONLY Brand Guide You Need - Brand Guide League of Legends (Brand Top Guide)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCV9Iuj8lW4

Content:
Hey guys, and welcome to my new guide for Ren Top lane, where I teach you guys all of the best combos, abilities, builds, runes, and so much more. If you want to support the full champion guides and want to see more, you can now support the channel with as little as €1 a month on Patreon. The link is in the description. Let's get started with the abilities of Brand first. Brand's passive stacks of blaze, dealing damage over time, stacking up to three times. At maximum stacks, a circle will appear that explodes, dealing massive damage to the target and also enemies around them. If you kill the enemy with a blaze, you'll also gain some mana back. Bren's Q throws a fireball dealing magic damage. And if the target is ablaze, it will also stun the target. Bren's W creates a pillar of flame at a target area, dealing magic damage. If the units are ablaze, they'll also take additional 25% damage. Bren's E ability is a powerful blast at his target that spreads to nearby enemies. If the target is ablaze, the spread is doubled. Bran's old is a fireball that bounces up to five times to nearby enemies, stacking blaze and slowing them. Next, we got the roots and builds for Bran top lane. For runes, you always take Arcane Comet with presence of mind and haste for high damage, low cooldown abilities and mana sustain. Or you go Arcane Comet with cashback and cosmic for high damage and reduce cooldown on summoner spells for snowballing lane with cash back. As for bonus stats, you always take two points into adaptive and one point into HP scaling. For builds, you want to go Dorn's ring as your main starter item in every game you play. And for boots, you want to go either sorc boots for damage or lucidity to lower cooldowns on abilities. Now, for the fun part for builds, this one right here is the standard build that you can run versus everything. If you don't know what to build, these items always work. The second build is torch first item into the other usual items. If you think you'll need a little bit more mana in lane and you want to have strong team fights, take this one instead. The third build has extra magic pen for maximizing your damage versus stanky enemies. And the fourth build is the magi build to 1v5 in snowball easy games. As for the extra items, I also highly recommend anti-heal in the early game. And the next two items to maximize AP to snowball easy games one versus 5. Steel caps smks can also be great options if you run into extremely difficult unplayable matchups. You should only buy one of these if the laning phase is absolutely unplayable. I've also added all these builds into one entire item set and I've shared it on my Discord server. Make sure to check it out after the video. As for the skill order, you want to max out WQE for high damage versus single target and WQ for higher damage versus multiple targets. For the summoner spells, you want to go ghost flash for high mobility in very specific matchups in top lane. Otherwise, you want to go TP flash for the standard play style. Let's talk about the combos for Brent next. The first and main combo for Brend is the EQW combo. This combo allows you to CC your target and easily hit your W to maximize your damage and it lets you proc your passive very easily. The second combo is W into E combo. This combo lets you trade during your laning phase very easily by either casting it directly onto your opponent or on the wave itself to reach your opponent. Now, let's get into an educational gameplay and I will teach you guys exactly on how to play the early game for Brand as well as the mid game and also the late game. All right, guys. Welcome back to another YouTube video. Today, once again playing some brand in the top lane again. Uh today we have the Brand versus Moricasser lane and for runes we got Arcane Combat, man, and Scorch. We specifically run Presence of Mind and also running haste for the low cool down and mana sustain. So, we're going to have a good time playing some brand once again guys. Brent top lane. I've actually uh got a lot of Brent top lane games in in the past couple of weeks. I'm going to show you this game about how easy you can play this guy. So, today's matchup is really interesting. Um there's really going to be only two ways how we're going to be trading this guy all the time. Uh one of them is every single time he's going to go for a last hit. We're going to drop the W down so we can easily hit it. If you want to be consistent at dropping your W down, that's going to be the easiest way to do it. The second thing is we're going to be trading through my EQW combo, which I teached in the guide, which we're going to do as well. >> All right. And the cool thing about Brent top lane is you're basically ranged. You have uh even double range on your E ability if you uh combine that with your W as well. So you dude, you can you can uh easily like like hit your opponent with your abilities consistently. And if you hold your Q out all the time, they basically don't get in range. So that's like the standard combo, right? So you want to drop your E down specifically into Q and then hit W afterwards because then they're CCed. You can easily hit it. You don't want to uh use it in any other way. >> First blood. Okay, just dropping my combo down. I don't need to press my Q right there because he was basically hiding behind the wave. He's just looking to prioritize the wave at the moment. He's probably going to go for these two last hits. Yeah, as expected. I'm holding my Q until he walks into the bush so I can know exactly where he's going. Uh, and we don't get him. It's all right, man. We didn't actually beat him right there. It is what it is. We missed my ability. Unfortunate reality here. Okay, it's fine. All right. And we go back. So, yeah, basically Morcai is just getting countered in this matchup because we are ranged. We can easily hit my abilities over and over and over again. It's very easy to do. Um, first item we're going to go with, very simple. we are going to be building into Dark Seal because I think that I'm going to be able to snowball this lane with the matchup. Um, I think in terms of build, we are specifically going to build either build one or we're going to be building into build four for the Magi. Uh, because I think if it's going to be an easy matchup, I want to get like the max stacks with with the Magi in. So, that's what I'm probably going to do. Um, don't necessarily need anti-heal this matchup. uh in this match. I mean, so build one is strong. We don't need to build it. [groaning] All right. He's going to go for that last over there. So that's why we drop the W down. If you don't land it, it's fine. You can then follow up with your E afterwards. So it's not like the uh the end of the world. You're going to miss that last turn. Just going to go for my plates here. That's okay. I would say, oh, I just put a point in my queue by accident. It's all right. It's not the end of the world if we accidentally put the points in Q there. You want to put everything you got in W. All right. He's going to go for that uh last hit over there again. He's going to go for this last hit. So, we drop it down there. Nice. So sometimes in in some cases I would say it's definitely worth it if you hold your Q out because the longer you hold your Q after you hit W or E, the more obvious it becomes where they walk to. You'll notice that a lot um if you try it yourself. Okay, and we got it. Side step and he's dead 100% because I've got my ultimate. Oh, he's actually trying to outplay. Now we push it out and we're happy. There's actually a Darius up here. I think I got it, too. Yep. And just like that, we also win that. Now we push it out. And we're happy. So, you probably notice something during those fights, and that is that I consistently use the bush to my advantage every single time, right? So, when I try and land my last ability, specifically my Q, what I do is I purposely allow my opponent to walk into the bush because one thing that people want to do is they want to be outside of the vision, right? People don't people want to try and get away. So, for example, if you if you're standing here and your opponent's sitting there, instead of like immediately throwing it, they could write uh move to the right or left and then they could dodge it, right? But if you allow them to walk into the bush, you enter, you let them enter it, you know exactly they're going to be inside of that part of the bush. And it's going to be a lot more consistent. You'll be able to land the ability a lot easier that way cuz that's often what people do. Okay, he's going to go for that last hit. So you can see like every single time he's going to go for a last hit. That's where we drop the W down. So we we we we throw my W in a very specific way where he has to make a choice. Either he dodges my ability or he's going to choose to tank it so it can last at the uh lasted the uh the farm. Right? So that's how you can consistently hit your W uh pretty much over and over. That's how people do it. That's how people are so consistent. That's the secrets that people don't tell you. Oh wow. I don't have my E ability right now. Okay, I'm going to hold my Q so I can get out of range. He's He's going to grab again because he started the fight with the grab. That's why I'm staying max range. There you go. There turns out to be a Darius right behind me at the moment. Some good damage. A cool way is you can also trade your opponent by dropping W on the wave. >> Uh jungle is dead right now, so I can just do my part. Uh I did take tower damage. Oo, that was apparently enough. I didn't realize that was going to be enough for that. Okay, nice. >> An ally has been slain. >> We drop my combo down and we are happy again. Yep. And we grab the plates on the tower and then we go back afterwards. >> Nice. >> Well, let me tell you guys one thing, guys. We are already very far ahead in this matchup. There's not much that can go wrong anymore. Let's go for this one. And we make it back. Okay. Uh, one thing I I got a question like in another game that I've played with Brand [music] and that's whether this specific item is still worth building and I would say yes, >> it definitely is. I most of the brand top lane games I play are with this item, but uh want to say one thing about it. Yes, it does give a lot of mana, but if you run the very specific rune page that I run right now, mana is not much of a problem. Uh, specifically talking about mana flow in the runes with presence of mind if you run all this stuff like you don't have to worry about mana. As you can see, my mana is um I've got more than enough the entire time easily. Got it. >> Nice. Let's uh push it out and then we're happy again. Let's uh pick up those plates here. Uh we we got to be a bit careful about jungle because we don't have my ultimate anymore. So if Dar's going to move in, I'm probably dead. So, I'm going to choose to play this part as safe as I can. Let's go for Landry. Let's go. Very nice. And we start building. Next item. Very, very obvious one. We're going to go into rely build. Um, but also we are going to be building the um the bay right now. So, once we get enough gold for it, we will buy the magi as well. Farm that out. I want to try and get like 25 stacks on Morichiser. I hope I will be able to. Um, yeah, we'll see. >> An enemy has been slain. >> Okay. And we just hold the wave right here. >> Enemy double kill. >> Really like this position cuz he's forced to move forward right now and he seems to be scared. I'm going to keep running backwards because if that ultimate lands, I don't stand the chance. So, I'm walking out of Moraser ultimate range. Despite being able to land my combo right there, I choose not to just so that I don't get Moraser aled there cuz if that old lands, I'm just dead. Guaranteed. Okay, now we just chill around for a bit. going to be maxing my E after W because I want to have the AOE damage. Well, I should be fine anyway. Good look. And check it out. He's dead. Nice. I've had my WQ and I've had my other ability coming up as well at like perfect time. All right, let me check if I can. Probably shouldn't be doing that to be honest. I'm going to go back here. I would have to play it here, but I'm not going to cuz I don't know where Darius is at the moment. I rather just play it safe. There's actually somebody in bot lane. It's actually Darius. Okay, unfortunate for us, but it's all right. Oh, let's make it back. We've uh we've got the we've got Sorf. We've we've got Lelay entry. Uh 10 stacks on Dark Seal. Looking very good. It is obviously over for Moriccaster right here. It's the It's the end for him. I'm like five and0. >> Uh it seems like he's not even showing up on the lane anymore. So either he just left the match up or something or he's uh rotating around being tilted. I don't know. >> My team is ultra losing the match. So we have to do some turning for my team around. Oops. Seems like this Moricazer is probably tilted because I think he should have been here. Okay, we've got my teleport. So, I could teleport right behind them, >> but I choose not to because if I miss my combo, um it's got I'm going to regret my decision real fast. So, I'm just going to wait for the perfect opportunity to use teleport. One thing I find very unfortunate is that Morichiser is not here. I was actually going to farm a stacks on him since my lead is so big, but I can't do that right now. Uh if he's rotating or left the game, I don't know which two. Just going to assume that he's left the game or something. Okay, we don't see anybody on the map, so we just walk away here. I'm just going to vom it out until I get Magi. Man, that'll be the answer. Oh, I got for sure. Well, not quite. He's actually uh running ghost, so he was able to run out like really fast. And we just push it out as fast as we can. I'm going to hold my Q for the cannon so we don't lose that. Nice. And we get that auto attack. I'm just looking to get the Magi build now. And then I'm going to farm the entire enemy team. There we go. I could teleport right behind them here. Uh let's go for that. And let's run towards bot lane. I'm going to be on the way. The thing about Samurai is that she has an ability that can block my abilities. >> An enemy has been slain, >> which is uh a bit annoying to play against to be honest. But >> all stay max range. >> Yeah, had a feeling like that was going to happen. >> Nice. Always walk backwards when your abilities are on cool down. Okay, remember my words about that. This is the most valuable thing I'm going to teach you today. Walk backwards, okay? If abilities are on coold down, remember that just as a standard thing to do because what people do is they see Bren, they're like, "Ah, yeah, you've used all your abilities. I'm going to go in." Like that's what people think always cuz people know that the cool down is quite high when you run Bren top lane. People know it. Not just brand top lane, but just in general like people know this. So people will go in even if they're low health, they will try to go in. This happens a lot. Okay, he's gone. Uh seems like Sam's up here, so we think we could try something out. >> Look at my damage, bro. The caston's no chance. Oh, he's already dead. Nice. >> Yeah, the samurai was 7 and0 and now he's seven and two, so it's not looking that great for him. Got the combo off here. I'm not able to get in range. Oh, I think just give it some time. I think we can dive this guy in tower, I think. >> Yep. >> Yep. Nice combo, man. We got 22 stacks on Mai. Can't complain. Nice. Okay, man. 1.8K gold. Let's build it to my next item. Obviously, that's going to be the slow. And we just built the HP right now. Specific reason, super simple. We have like 22 stacks on Magi right now. We obviously don't want to lose all those stacks right now. So, we build HP >> instead of the other AP. >> World zombies, >> right? Oh, we just wait to make an opportunity here. >> I wish I was able to reach that, man. Okay, see if we can land the combo. That's all it comes down to. He's out. >> Nice. >> I don't know where she's going to show up from, but not here. I'm trying to stay like outside of vision. If you wonder why, um, so what a lot of people do is when they play Brand is they're walking basically circles in mid lane for example, right? Or top lane or bot lane, doesn't really matter. People in general, they walk circles because that's what they do. But if you do that, enemy team is not going to move forward. If you run circles, enemy team is going to walk circles as well. They'll just stay away from you and they'll walk circles until you stop as well, right? If you hide behind the wall, they've no idea you're there. You can then land your combo without them being able to see you. So, in general, you want to be hiding behind walls. It's It doesn't just count for Brand only, but just any champion in general. Um, if you play top lane, you always have a lead. You want to be standing behind walls, man. Don't make it obvious that you're walking circles in mid lane until the enemy team is going to do something. It doesn't work that way. >> People will just copy you. Okay, pretty good. >> Yeah, I've caught a lot of gold, man. Uh they're specifically in mid lane right now. Uh one of them is taking the objective. >> I think I could land my combo on the this guy. Oh, no. No, no, sadly not. I've actually got Talia on my back here. I was not able to turn that one v2. >> Yeah, there goes my stacks, man. All right. Uh, one thing I don't think this is going to matter to be honest. Um, one thing I want to do is go back to the side again, split push, have my team group. I think I will teleport if I can here. I need my team to like group around so I can use my own teleport for the for the team fights cuz currently we have like ADCs and midlaners farming on the side. Uh let's build this one. Yeah, that samurai has like 10 kills at the moment. She's the realistically she's the only person that that is a problem. We don't have Zat here, so we were not able to play it. Okay, she's obviously waiting for a play to happen. Talia's going to be on the way, too. >> Talia should be somewhere here. trying to figure this out. I really want to be like uh splitting on the side here, but I've currently got uh my mid laner do this. Yeah, he can go in if he wants. I'm not able to follow up with my ultimate sadly. Uh there's a Darius right behind me. I just don't have people grouped at the moment. So the entire enemy team is moving up here. Yeah, I've currently got two people on bot lane. Uh my jungler is farming right there. We've got Zet in mid lane. Okay, it seems like they're grouping, so that's nice. Your turret has destroyed. >> Yeah, we're just waiting for opportunities here. There's a good chance they I'm going to teleport. We'll make the play. >> Yeah, he's dead for sure. >> Yes, that's a Baron call. Got plenty of damage. Just need my jungler to actually go for the Baron. That's it. Very nice. We've got a lot of damage for Baron. Fortunately, well, actually, we don't, but make it work. lost all my mana. The pike took took everything. Very nice. Okay, let's go, dude. We are ready. We just need people to group right now. Uh we should be able to easily win a team fight if it's, you know, if we can make it work. Of course, we we need people to group again. We need Pike to move as well. Seems like our jungler doesn't want to pressure the game. He's farming jungle camps. He's ignoring all pings. So, we don't have a jungler. Fortunately, we they also don't have an ADC. So, his ADC is like farming on the sides. So that's kind of nice. >> Uh we've got him for sure. >> Very good. >> Okay, we just wait for opportunities. >> Yeah, we've got him too. Now we can push it out. Nice. We can get the inhib also get drake after. And obviously they go for surrender. So uh hey either way this is uh brand top lane. Thank you for watching today's brand top lane video and I'll see you guys next time. Peace.
