Title: THE ULTIMATE 2025 VIEGO GUIDE - Items, Runes, Fighting, Combos🔥| Perry's Jungle Kingdom
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ShuPtUChUho

Content:
Hey guys, it's Perry. Today I'm starting a new series where I'm going to be doing guides on every single jungle champion that's re relevant in the in the meta um or in the game at all. Um it's going to be called Perry's Jungle Kingdom Guide to X Champion. And today we're going to do VGO. So I'm going to be walking through all of the tips and tricks and the basics of Viego as much as I um as much as I can in this short video as well. Um, everything will be timestamped. Everything will be there if you want to skip around. Some of you guys might already know the skill order. Some of you guys might already know the runes, etc. So, find what you want to find. And if you want to watch everything, let's jump into educational stuff. The first thing I want to talk about here, guys, is going to be um the overall ranking of Viego. Now, Viego is a really, really, really strong champion if you're very high rank. And the reason why I say this is if you're very high rank, you have an understanding of every single champion in the game. If you're lower rank, you probably don't understand many champions. So, in general, I will rank Viego as as overall six out of 10. Um, he's strong, he's good, but there's a lot of weakness behind his kit being difficult to understand, possessions being difficult to understand, and all the champions in the game. I have some players who just don't know what Amelio does, who don't know how Vladimir works, who don't know these random champions like Nefiri and just any champion and it makes VGO much weaker. So, don't pick this champion up if you don't know champions in the game. Now, if you know all the champions in the game and you're good mechanically, this champion is great because you you you get possessions and you're always going to be OP as hell. You're literally playing one of the most broken champions in the game if you know the champs. So that's the number one thing I want to start off with is you guys need to know the champs and then VGO becomes an actual relevant champion in the game. Now in terms of investment and um like why you should really pick this champion, we'll first talk about the investment necessary to to learn Viego. So on a scale from 1 to 10, I will say VGO's difficulty is around a an eight or a nine. So if you're like bronze, iron, silver, and you're like, "Dude, I I want to pick a champion." Um and you're like, "Let me let me play Viego." You're you're giving yourself a hard time. You're picking you're picking yourself a very difficult champion. So, it'll take you literally hundreds of games to be proficient on a champion like Viego. I'd say if you are above Emerald, it will take you anywhere from 100 to 300 games to be really proficient on Viego. If you're below that rank, it's going to take you anywhere from 500 or more because you need to learn more than just VieGO. You need to learn other champions. So again, this champion gets better as you get higher rank and the lower rank you are, it's only relevant and good and sometimes like the stats show of VGO's kind. Now, let's say you're curious like why should I pick Viego? I like the champion. I'm not sure. I'm on the edge though. Well, if you're a type of player who likes to solo carry games, who likes to feel special, who likes to be the superhero, this champion is literally superhero champion. It's like you'll be down five teammate or four teammates. like the game looks really hard and you're about to 1v9 carry the game um if you're picking the champion because you find one squishy champion you go in you 1v5. So in general if you like being the superhero and you need to be the main character you have to VGO is that champion for you. It's sort of like the Draven of of like bot lane in terms of you got to be the main character. You got to make it work. And in general, if if that's you and you want to [ __ ] carry, you want to be there to one v9 the game, you have to play well. You have to be really good at the game. So, you can't just pick the champion, want to be the superhero, and play bad. That means there's a lot of responsibility for you to carry the game. All right, let's take a look at the runes real quick. So, for the runes, very straightforward stuff, and it's going to be conquer, you're going triumph, you're going elacrity, and we're going Coupe. Now, let's walk through the first tree here. So, conquer is very straightforward. Rego's been running this the conquer rune for literally forever. Um, it gives you the adaptive. You can stack it really quickly with your passive as well, giving you an extra stack. Your Q will proc it. Your auto, your W, you literally get conquer immediately in a fight. Triumph, very straightforward. Your bruiser, you want the extra gold, you want the healing in the fight as well. Your elacrity obviously makes sense. You want attack speed. Viego's kit actually works with attack speed very well. Your Q actually animation is faster and your you pick up possessions a bit quicker as well. Now, as for coupe or last stand, I've been going coupe recently because it makes more sense when you're playing Viego. You're trying to execute people. I think coupe is pretty solid. Um, you can also go last stand. This debate will forever be not too relevant to me. Um, I kind of just settled with coupe. Now, as for a secondary tree, it's really straightforward as well. You want to go magical footwear. You want to go cosmic insight. The footwear helps you gain that move speed and you need the footwear very badly because you don't complete tier 2 boots on this champion. Okay? If you're completing tier two boots on VGO, you're trolling. You don't need tier two boots as long as you have magical footwear, which gives you that 10 extra move speed. The flash and the smite coming up quicker is also very, very nice in the cosmic insights, which is why having flash gives you more room to outplay. We want cosmic insight. straightforward attack speed, adaptive, and HP scaling. Very, very, very straightforward stuff. But make sure guys, don't go some domination crap, resolver, or sorcery crap. Magic footware is broken. Saves you so much gold. Now, in terms of skill order, very, very straightforward. You're going to max your Q always, then max your E, then max your W, and when you hit level six, 11, and 16, of course, you put a point to your ultimate. One key thing to understand with Viego is that points into your um points into your E are very very very very broken because it gives you a lot of stats. I'm going to pull up here. I'm going to show you guys what extra stats you get from your E. You're going to get more bonus movement speed and you're going to get more bonus attack speed as you put points into your uh your E. On top of this, your cooldown goes from 14 to six. That's insane. It's It's actual insanity that Viego's E goes down to a sixsecond cool down. So you guys understand that. Don't put points to your W. Don't be dumb. I've seen some people do that actually. Don't be silly. Don't be dumb. Read what your skills do. Points into your E is very, very, very, very, very broken. More damage for your W does nothing. Let's talk about items. Now, we love this conversation about items. So, as for our VGO pets, we're going to go for the Gustwalker majority of the time. If you are going the crit build now, every now and now and then if you want to go for the bruiser build, let's say you have four squishy champions that are going to hyper carry the game, you got vain top, you have mage mid, you have support, and you have a hard carry ADC, I don't know, Kalista or something, then sometimes it's actually good to go moss stomper and you want to go the bruiser build. But majority of the game, you're just going to go Gustwalker and you're going to go for the crit build. After the Gustwalker, we want to go for Triforce first item almost every single game. Um, now some people want to ask, okay, what about Kraken? Let's compare Kraken stats real quick. You got 45 attack damage, 40% attack speed, 4% move speed. Okay, now look at Trinity Force. You get 36 AD, so you're losing out around 9 AD, 10% attack speed is what you're losing. Cracking at 40, Trinity Force gave 30, but you're missing out on 333 HP and 15 ability haste. Diego actually really likes the ability haste and the HP. the HP is very broken and the sheen damage, the spellb blade damage from the Trinity Force actually sort of compensates for the Kraken Slayer damage as well. So, both of these items help you deal more damage, but one of them helps you survive longer, which because we're going the crit build, it's actually a lot better to have this Triforce. And it's the same argument for Yunl as to why we don't go Yall. Although we're going to have literally 20 more AD, 5% more attack speed, and crit, the problem is we lack HP. This champion, as much of an assassin as we are, the HP is so [ __ ] helpful. You need HP. Second item here, you want to normally go collector. I was mistaken about collector. So, if you guys have seen my recent videos and I'm like, "Oh, don't go collector. Go um LDR or or or B or LDR or um shield bow." Collector is actually useful because your crit chance helps your ultimate deal more damage. Mer can pull up real quick the ulti dealing more damage with crits, but it's very helpful. And I this is the only lethality item that gives you crit chance. So if they're very squishy, you go collector. Otherwise, if they're tanky, you always want to go LDR or mortal. And if they have three assassins, skip the collector and go for shield. The shield actually has such insane value on your second item if they have multiple assassins. Now I'm showing you guys a sun sky second here. The only only reason for this is if they are again like like they have a lot of tanky champions on the enemy team and your team has no front line. Sometimes you want to go sun or sky. It's very very very rare situations but you want to go truncate sky into like literally the rest of these items death dance with sand stax go full take but that's very rare occasions. I just wanted to point that out there. Sometimes people lose drafts simply because they don't have the bruiser viego. Now, as to the last items, it's between Infinity Edge and Death Stance. So, if you are going uh against five squishy champions that don't deal much damage, you can finish your build. Trinity Force, Collector, Shield Bow, LDR, or Infinity Edge, or all five. But if they deal some damage, skip the LDR, or skip the shield bow or skip the the IE and build death stance. This is probably one of the most broken items on Viego because your champion's goal is to get a reset and with death stance, you can prolong your death because you take such little damage. This item is literally key. For your fourth and fifth item, you often want to buy death stance. Now, you always can go wits end. And if you don't buy shield bow, you can go for Sterax as well. The reason why Sterex and Witson are very nice is they're the only items in the game other than the um boots, the brick treads that give you tenacity and the potion of iron that gives you tenacity. If you search up tenacity real quick, these are the only three four things that give you tenacity. So, if you need hella tenacity, you can do that. Some cases, you can also just build a QSS and then build this into the the big item as well. But that's enough about items. Hopefully, you guys get the general idea. Now, let's jump into some combos and tricks on Viego. Very basic combos and very basic tricks. Okay, let's talk about the auto W auto here. It's the first combo we want to look at. So, if you guys, if you guys look at my auto attack here, I auto and it takes me a long time for my next auto. But if I autow auto, I immediately get my next auto attack. So, you guys need to really perfect this combo. Auto W autoions, right? It's very very very It looks very easy, but some people take a long time before they get their next W off. Auto auto and the moment your auto is through, you hit your W. Okay, it should be nice flow. Some people do this though. You see how slow that is? You see how long that is? That's that's terrible. I want to see you guys auto W auto very very very very very very quickly. Now, another trick I want to show you guys is if you're ganking a lane, let's say this is the enemy, you want to use your W like this, flash on the enemy, and then use your W, if they flash in response. What I'll see a lot of the time is people will use their W, and the flash W, and by the time they let go of their W, the enemies flashed away. Your W hold lasts a long time. You can hold this. Look at Look at how long it is. I don't know the exact time. I think it's two or I think it's 3 seconds actually. Yeah, it's 3 seconds. You can hold this for 3 seconds here. So, you can hold W, flash, wait for the flash, then land it. And it gives you a lot of opportunity to make sure your W lands. It's a very important combo. Very, very important thing I want you guys to be abusing more as you play. All right, the next thing I want to show you guys is your Q, the animation actually gets faster as you get more attack speed. So, a lot of people don't actually know this on VGO, and it's it's something I I I had to like do some research on. I had to read the wiki to understand this, but look, if we get more attack speed, your Q actually goes much quicker. So, I'm going to get full attack speed here. And look at how fast that looks. That's like instant, right? Look at that. People don't actually know that VGO's Q gets faster with the attack speed. So, without any attack speed, my Q is slow as ball. Okay. The next important thing I want to show you guys is I want to show you guys what it looks like when you're getting a possession and how attack speed changes whether or not you might be able to kill people. If I auto attack my ne I have to wait for my next auto attack before I can possess. And if I'm standing still the entire time waiting, it is going to make things literally awful. So let me go ahead and buy some just pure damage. So if I auto and then immediately try to possess, it takes a while for me to pick up the body and that is very bad. So what you want to do in these in these positions is you want to kill the enemy, auto attack the whatever you're autoing and then reposition and then you pick it up immediately. There's no delay. So if you ever seen VGO players immediately pick up the the possession and you're like, hm, how do you do that? It's simply because he's not wasting any time with auto. So, auto, auto, auto auto. Okay, auto. And then walk away and instant pick up. But again, look what I'll do is I'll kill this Kha'Zix again. And I will show you guys what it looks like. It's so sloppy. Auto attack. Auto attack. Immediately possess it takes so long. So you guys need to make sure that your auto attack is what picks up the body. And more attack speed helps with that, of course. Now, the next thing I want you guys to understand is that this possession lasts 8 seconds. So, I can team fight, team fight, team fight, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, and then come back and like still possess. It lasts 8 seconds. So, you have 7 seconds to [ __ ] around in the fight as Viego and then come back and pick up that body. So, you need to understand that this body lasts a long time. I can go forward, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, okay? And then I can go back and then still pick up the possession. Now, how long do you stay possessed? This lasts 10 seconds. 10 full seconds. Do you stay possessed? And one small thing that you might not know is that look at Kha'Zix attacks move speed. 350 move speed. Okay, let's kill this guy. Okay, once we kill him, I want to show you guys. This guy should have 350 move speed, but I have 385. Why do I have that much move speed? Okay, it's simply because when you walk towards enemies, this champion gains 10% extra attack move speed. You gain move speed as you run towards enemies. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to pick up this body. I'm going to go away from the target dummies. And then look, because I'm not running towards enemies or target dummies, I lose out on so much move speed. People don't know this. So, when you're chasing people, okay, when you are possessed and you're chasing someone, do not just ult out of the possession because you'll lose on out on so much move speed. Look, I have [ __ ] 350 move speed, but I'm chasing. I'm chasing. I'm chasing. I'm chasing. I'm chasing. I gained 25. Is that 35? 350. 35. What? 35 moves. Jeez, man. That's a lot of [ __ ] move speed. That's more than boots. That's the last thing I want to talk about for combos and tricks. some things you guys might not know. All right, let's talk about whether Viego is a farming, ganking, or objective focused champion. So, Viego sort of does all three, but he excels at skirmishing and farming. So, this champion isn't really excel at ganking. He does an okay job. Um, and the objective control is okay as well. But what this champion really excels at is farming efficiently, going 8 9 CS per minute, and then skirmishing after you farm. So, don't gank perma. Don't do objectives perma. farm first, then play for skirmishes and play for ganks. Okay, the next thing we want to talk about is Viego is scaling or snowballing champion. So to me, VGO is a scaling champion. A lot of people try to snowball on this champion. There's no reason to. Viego never gets outscaled. You have your third, fourth, fifth item to get, and you will always have opportunity in team fights to absolutely 1v9 the game. So you absolutely must play to scale on this champion. Do not force things. Relax. A lot of people misunderstand this on Viego. you need to relax on this champion. So, is Viego a team fight or pick focused champion? Like, are you trying to go on the side? Are you trying to team fight? What are you trying to do? What's the idea behind Viego? The best way I can explain Viego is it depends on your team comp. Let's say you have a Mahar. Let's say you have a Malight. Let's say you have a Nautilus. Team fights. If you team fight, you'll win the game. Okay? But let's say you have a Quinn top lane. Let's say you have a Talon mid lane. And let's say you have like a Sarraka support. Okay? Now, we're playing on the side lane there. This champion is the best at adaptation. So, there's not one way to play Viego. It's adaptation based on your team comp. In general, though, if you're team fighting or playing off the sideline or playing anywhere, you are actually not really playing for the team fight or for picks. You're playing for chunks. Most champions will probably play for this. I don't talk about this more, but you're a chunk focused champion. So, play for a little poke on the enemy and then walk away in and out fighting. Play for poke, walk away. Play for poke, walk away. Let's talk about the overall mindset on Viego in general. So, this champion simply abuses one key thing like I talked about. It's in andout fighting. You go in, you chunk, you walk away. The the thing is you can use your fog of war, your E, walk forward, auto W auto or Q, auto W auto, and then walk back into your fog and then get the move speed and escape. You can do a lot of tricky things on this champion if you utilize your E correctly, but you need to have the intention of going in and leaving. Here's the problem with VGO's VGO players mindsets. If you're OTP on VGO, you probably have this mindset. Oh, if they're low or if if I can kill them, I must kill them to get the reset. I have to kill them. I have to kill them. That's how I win the game. Well, here's the thing. I want you guys to change your mindset to have this. If the enemy is lower than 20 to 30% HP, they cannot play the fight. And if they do play the fight and you have good conditions, they will come into you and always give you a free reset. but they don't want to give you a free reset. They want to walk away and recall because they don't want to give you a reset. So don't try to waste your energy chasing and killing low targets. 20 to 30% HP champion is effectively a kill. So do not kill yourself for the kill. Okay? Abuse the fact that the enemy can't play the game if they're lower than 20 to 30% HP. they have to leave otherwise you'll hard win the fight. So don't overextend in fights. Play for chunks, go away. Play for chunks, go away. You want to effectively kill enemies by bringing them lower on HP. Now the next thing that's pretty relevant here is how do we want to close out games on VGO? What are you looking for? So the thing about VGO is a lot of people want to force fights and they want to fight force skirmishes. They want to go fight things and make the game complicated. What you want to look for on VGO is item completions. This champion's items are really crucial to 1v9ing fights. Shield bow is OP as hell. LDR or motor miner is OP as hell. Even the IE or the death stamps, all of those items, my goodness, it it the difference between having the components and having the completed item. It's such a big difference. So go for those completed items. It is so so so important to look for completed item. Okay. The next thing is you need to have a good awareness of information gathering. You need to take fights dependent on your teammates's conditions. We have to hold tab. We have to see, do my teammates have ultimates? Do my teammates have completed items? Do they have good HP? Do they have flashes? A lot of the time you guys are fighting without assessing your teammates items, ultimates, or any conditions. You guys are fighting the [ __ ] fights. This needs to stop. If you want to close games out on Viego, you need to have the awareness of, "Oh my goodness, my Malahar has no ultimate. Therefore, I will not join the fight. I will danger ping. I will leave. I will walk away. Let my teammates die. Live. Who cares? I will go elsewhere and get more resources for my next items." And in the next fight, you're going to be like, "Oh, my Mazar has ultimate. I need to be here for this fight to shut the enemies because I have my items now." That's how it works. You need to be willing to give up fights or go to fights depending on your teammates's ultimates, HP, items, flashes, etc. Now, this is a really important topic. It's going to be our mindset during team fights. During team fights, I always want you guys to play in and out. You go in, you chunk, and you leave. You go in, you chunk, you leave. You go in, you chunk, you leave. Do not kill yourself for resets. Okay, picture this. I'm playing Viego. I'm going to jump and kill the Jinx, and then I'm going to die for the Jinx. So, I go in. I kill the Jinx. I take the Jinx possession. You got four freaks on top of you one-shotting you. You guys know what meme I'm talking about. There's four big dudes on top of you. You're [ __ ] dead. There's nothing you could do. Okay, what you want to do instead is you want to go slowly. You want to cue the Jinx. You want to W the Jinx. WQ auto the Jinx. Walk away and live and survive. Use your spells to keep yourself alive. Do not die in these fights. Okay. The next thing you want to think about, especially with this crit build, is think about going for their backline and flanking if you don't have a good front to back. Okay, let's say we're playing again, let's we have a quin mid, a quint, Kalen mid, and Soraka support. Really bad team fight. So in that scenario, we have to play flank. We have to kill the Senna Senna ADC. We have to kill the Jinx ADC. We have to kill the Kalista. Don't kill yourself, but look for the flank and look for the opportunity. Now, if you have the Malight, you have the Malahar, you have the Jinx, you have the Nautilus, then you need to go front to back. So, it depends. Again, this champion excels at adaptation. Adaptation is what we are the the best at. So, go front to back and hard stomp the fight. Now, if no one starts the fight, you never want to go in first. You want to go in second. You want to wait. So, okay. Well, if my teammates don't start the fight, what do I do? Wait. wait for the enemies to start the fight on your teammates. Someone will grow tired. You just don't want that to be you because if that's you, you will lose the game. You will end the game. You will ruin everything. Okay? So, you want to be the one that's going in second no matter what. All right, that's going to be it for the the guide pretty much. I'm going to give you guys some closing thoughts on VGO. I really love this champion. The problem is he's pretty hard to play. To this day, I have like hundreds, thousands probably of games on Vieu and I still am learning new things on this champion and it's like, damn, like I could have played it this way. I could have played it that way. This champion has so many like break points of like getting better at the champion and hitting limits that it's it's insane and and I really love that part of this champion, but it's not good if you're iron, bronze, silver, gold, and you're pushing yourself this hard because you need to learn a lot of things and you're overloading your mental stack. Uh, so I wouldn't recommend it if you're really really low ranked. If you love the game and you love the champion, you want to play for fun a bit, then yeah, of course play the champion. If you enjoy it, I want to say guys, this champion is really good at adaptation. So the higher elo you are, the better. And anyways, that's going to be it for the VGO guide. Overall, um, the jungle the Paris Jungle Kingdom guide to Viego. Um, first first run, first try, I literally literally freealled, spit this out, did a did a really quick um, you know, prep for the guide. It was still thought well thought out. If you guys want to see more, let me know what champion you want to see next. And of course, please leave a like, comment, and subscribe. And I'll see you guys next time. [Music]
