Title: GAREN TOP IS NEW META! 1V5 EASIER THAN EVER (GAREN IS A BEAST) - 2026 Garen TOP Gameplay Guide
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2TeNA4cb_Y

Content:
All right, guys. Welcome back to another YouTube video. Today, once again, playing some Garen in the top lane again. Today, we are playing Garen top lane versus a tank matchup. And for runes, we got the conquer page, we got triumph, we got haste, last running ex also running solarity as well. This will be a very interesting game because we've got Garen versus this team comp right here. Specifically, taking slow resists as well to win this uh to win this game. So, let's have a good time. If you um if you've um if you want to beat tanks in general, I would recommend you give Garen a try. Give it an honest try, guys. Garen versus a tank matchup. Not just like like he's good in like all different kinds of matchups, but tank matchups specifically. I want to showcase you how easy it is to win those matchups. Okay, I've got a specific strategy for you guys. Let's go in here. Uh, I could flash autog. I guess I can still do it. If he gets too close, I can just hit the auto Q. I guess I could. He actually leveled up right after I flash. Are you kidding me, bro? That was going to be a kill guaranteed right there. It It's all right, man. It happens. It's League of Legends. Things go wrong all the time. Okay, buddy. 2 minutes 15. >> He's here. >> I think I can move forward. Anyways, I'm going to give it a try. >> I know F6 is here. I can use my passive so I can just heal infinitely. So, we don't necessarily need to backport. We can just wait it out. If he goes for the backline here, I can drop Q going. He going to have to flash cuz I don't think he's going to expect it. >> Okay. It's all right. I'll stay back here because there's a chance where Fal 6 could be here. Okay, let's try it one more time. Seems like he's going back to base. I'm not going to take these two last hits because I'm hoping he's going to move forward. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's going to move forward. >> Okay. Nice. Sometimes it's definitely worth the the patience. >> Nice. Sometimes it is worth the patience. If you wait, you don't take the two last hits. Usually, if you don't take both of them, that's like like often what people are looking at to see based off like whether you're here or not. Now, the thing is I'm like 300 health right now. The thing is that Garen has a passive that lets him heal infinitely. The longer we are outside of combat, the more we get our uh the more DHP we get back here. So, we're going to try to stay out of combat specifically to heal back on the passive. And we have a Sajuani right behind him. Okay, I'm going to try and take the wave at the same time. I'm going to lose the cannon for this, but we will get the kill here. I'm trying to walk back as we trade because if he wants to deal damage on me and I walk away, he's not going to be able to. Okay, we got a lead already. Nice. See if I can grab one more wave. Nice. This is This is why Garen is strong. Okay, but let me explain to you why Garen is so good versus tank matchups. Also, Fiddlesticks is top lane again. Seems like he's pathing top lane by default in this match. >> Okay, let me tell you guys, >> the reason why Garen is so good, okay, let me quickly grab this. >> The reason why Garen is so good is because what you can do is you can farm between towers. All right. So, the one of the weaknesses that every tank has, any one of them, you can farm between towers, you can proxy. You can then farm between the next two towers, and you can use that to either reset or rotate mid lane. >> So, by default, you can get a lead without even playing the matchup out. Uh secondly, um Garen ultimate can completely shred apart a tank as well. Um especially towards the mid late game. Nice. We use W as late as possible. We use it when he's trying to turn with the with the zone abilities. >> Okay, we could actually start like proxying out. But one thing I could do is just take like one plate here because he doesn't deal any damage right now. That's another thing about playing against a tank matchup. You can take plates very very easily. Let's pick this up here. Now remember one thing uh the jungler is by default pathing towards top lane. So he will probably be pathing top lane again within the next minute. So what I'm considering doing so take this wave here >> and then we simply walk away. Going to grab that reset. Let's take the wave. All righty. Let's go back to base. >> Let's quickly build into the Berserker's Greaves. We're going to need this item >> and let's grab this and we walk back. All right, dude. Once we uh get back to lane, we're going to do the exact same thing all over again. We're going to be farming between towers. We're literally going to be avoiding lane at all cost. Um, this going to force us or at least it's going to allow us to either buy more items or it's going to allow us to rotate towards mid lane and get kills there instead. This is the answer to all of this. Okay, here we go. Let's do a rotation. is eaten. >> Could probably flash and he's not going to expect it. He will probably use the shadow. I flash right here. So, I would normally not like suggest like flashing, especially uh uh you know when Z can just like go back with the shadow. Um however, in that case, he was actually being knocked up by Mighty. So, we can just flash in and we can just take the kill. The reason why I flash is because if I don't flash right there, he's going to use the shadow and actually walk away. That's why I flash during the knockup so he wouldn't be able to like uh use the shadow to get away with. Let's take the wave again and let's grab the tower. Remember one thing guys, uh this Fiddle 6 currently missing on the map. We don't know where Fiddle 6 is. He could be literally anywhere by default. not the way how you should think if you want to play very consistent. When you don't see the jungler, you don't make the plays in general. Like that's the rule you want to follow. So right now we have no pressure in mid lane sets on the way towards the objective. This is actually a really bad call to be honest. If he doesn't walk away, we'll lose cuz we're two versus three. It's no way in life we can win this cuz Mighty doesn't move here. I don't even want to bother. It's not going to work. F6 right behind it. An ally has been slain. >> Unfortunate reality right there. Uh but F6 was also nearby so it was not going to work. I could probably do like one single trade here. >> Smart choice. Now remember, we still don't see Fiddlesticks right now. He's on the drake. Good to know. So now we can start doing the exact same strategy all over again. We're going to be farming between towers. Let's wait it up here. Fatal Stakes is probably back pointing right now. Never mind. He's actually on bot lane. >> Okay. Now, also one thing on top of everything else, right, is that um my opponent is actually losing the mana right now, which means that if we go back to lane right now, he's going to not have the the mana anymore to play. So, we what we could possibly do is walk back to lane right now and then play the lane out the proper way it should be cuz he doesn't have the mana to play in lane right now. if he decides to stay, which he will obviously he needs to collect the farm. We can now look at this, right? He's not going to expect it first of all. Secondly, if I play lane out right now, he's not able to walk away anymore cuz it's going to cause him to lose everything. Look, and there it is. So when you farm between towers like this, not only do you have infinite pressure, you can rotate mid lane, you can backport, you can take jungle camps, you can 1 v one jungler even all these things combined, you can also walk back to your lane if your if your opponent does no longer have any mana >> and you can get a free win that way. So once again, tank matchup being just very weak here. Um, got Suani wanting to make a play. He altered away. >> All right. So, in terms of build, really simple, guys. Uh, we're going to go Stride Breaker into Stormrazer into Infinity Edge. Got a specific reason for that. I'll show you why. Let's quickly make it back. Um, also, let me tap real fast. All right, cool. I'm back. We got Sawani around top lane. Fetix in mid lane. Good to know. You should always take a look at where Joner is going specifically because that allows you to make your plays, right? Once you know where everybody is, you don't necessarily need to play the game with wards either. You could realistically play the entire match without wards. Uh wards are simply just a bonus so you can play more aggressively, but ultimately you can play the game without wards completely. It's probably going to flash across. I think yeah, if you have the right if you make the right decisions, you don't have to play with wards. Technically, there's no need to. You could realistically easily climb in this game without warding at all. You just have to know exactly all locations. You have to know where mid lane is. You have to know where jungle is. You have to know where support is going. Usually, it's support or jungle that you have to deal with. Um, however, mid lane, if they have pressure, they can also rotate towards you. >> An enemy has been slain. >> All right, we could actually buy the BF sword right now. I'm going to do that. Um, so one thing that's really important is, uh, let me quickly buy the item. >> I have no need of idle. >> Yep. Uh, one thing that's very important is when you make it to the mid late game, um, what matters now is we want to infinitely push top lane out and then we want to rotate afterwards, not the opposite way. You can do the opposite way, but then you have to teleport back top lane, which is not always optimal, right? So, right now we've got Drake coming up in 55 seconds, right? So, we're not going to go mid lane, bot lane. That doesn't make any sense. Not at all. Instead, what we do, we make pressure in top lane. We make sure the wave gets under tower or close to it at least. And then we either rotate towards the drake within like 30 seconds or we use TP. That's the way how we're going to play it out. And we'll do that for every every play, every decision. up. There seems to be a fiddle six right here. I think we could maybe get him cuz Sajani is moving towards it. Got it. Yep. Really good play from Sajuani. Now Drake could be like an easy easy take right now because obviously like jungle is being dead right now. Uh, let me take a look here. I want to see if I can grab like one more wave. That would be fantastic. Yeah, you can see obviously we have zero problems versus uh my opponents, man. He's playing a tank top laner. We have no problems. Not at all. Not a single problem. That's the thing about tank matchups, man. >> You don't have to play the lane against it. >> You don't have to. >> Enemy double kill. >> Uh their jungers in bot lane might have made a possible mistake here. N it's all right. Remember, Garen also has healing. We must. >> So, um, yeah, if I'm not in combat, I just get my HP back. We also have alt in like 15 seconds. Let's walk away here. I might go back forward. >> Oh, he's got no mana. So, >> heresy rewarded. >> Please try test me out. Test me out, buddy. Got all. He doesn't know it. I I don't think he knows that I have >> Al. All right, let's go, dude. Yeah, he had no idea I had ultimate at the time. That's the the the greatest thing of all, man. All right. >> Uh let's go back to base. So, we can now buy the Stormrazer build. After the Stormrazer build, we go infinity edge. >> An enemy has been slain. >> All righty. Let's go towards Drake. The Drake has still not been taken. Like, we still have to take this one. But yeah, you can see like we're eight and0, man. like my opponent was not able to play the entire lane at all. We have like infinite pressure which causes me to win. This also easily makes us get the drake as well. So now that the drake is taken like what we actually want to do now is it would be the best if we are in bot lane. Uh let me double check things here. I'm going to go top lane one more time. We push it out. Actually, I've got my uh Oh, sure. Okay, he wants to go top lane. Like, sure, man. I'm going to go bot lane then. AD carry already wants that. So, I'm going to go uh back to bot lane. I'll make sure to push this out all the way here. I'm going to see if I can catch the ADC. We'll uh give that a try. >> An ally has been slain. >> I am Love to see he's building Sunfire. >> Let's take the next wave. Go back in jungle. I'm going to try and catch ADC somehow. It's okay if we don't get like catches on the ADC because then we just play for pressure in bot lane cuz the we we the reason why we're here is because of this objective right there. My kingdom stands eternal. >> Yeah, that's not going to work. It's very obvious to what we're doing at the moment. So, it's very obvious. >> An ally has been slain. >> Yeah. >> Seems like we're being chased down. I'm not going to test it out because they're like four people. Well, I've got this guy. Nice one. Then, of course, we walk away again. So, we're not looking for the 1v4. We're looking to see if we can catch somebody with my Q silence, right? Because, you know, normally like Zed would be able to jump away, right? But obviously like if I hit auto first from a bush and then hit the queue after he's already down to like half health. Then I can just cast Aries dead. I can use the the silence. I think there's someone there by the way. Uh never mind. They're showing on the map so I can play my part here. >> Let's keep going. >> Nice. walk away. Actually, we don't have to walk away entirely, but I don't see the fiddle six right now. This guy could be pretty much anywhere. We're healing back with the passive. Nice. I'm holding my W because if he's going to drop the ultimate down, then I want to hit my W. Perfect timing. I'll walk away here. I'm getting pretty close to the Infinity Edge. Let's continue walking away here. Let's go back to top lane. >> I shall save them from themselves. >> Yep. This sets us back once again. I've got Might on the way here, so we could probably stay around. Um, however, there can be more people. >> Unstoppable. >> Let's keep walking away. >> I think they know where I am, dude. Maybe just a little bit of patience. I think it's going to work. Oh, never mind. They do have vision. Yeah, they pretty much do. Still not enough. I I honestly thought I was going to win that 1v2, man, cuz he has Eclipse with uh with this item. All right. Uh let me double check. 1.7K. Yeah. Yeah. Unfortunate to me. It's fine. So, the reason why they win is because Nami has a an ability that buffs his auto attacks and I use my W before he used W. So, >> I think I'm going to do the same thing again, bro. >> We got Drake up in 15 seconds. >> Probably going to need Smolder to move as well. >> I have returned. Oh, he upgraded the item for Z. >> Okay, that's good damage. Good damage. I'll cancel my E so I can get it back faster. Well, that's basically dragon then. We can easily take that right now. Yeah, obviously we walk away. I've got my ultimate ready though. Let's take the drake while we can. They're still mid lane, so they they've got pretty much no idea what I'm doing. Nice. Yeah, we're going to walk away. Uh seems like my mid laner is in top lane right now. I'll quickly grab the Infinity Edge. So, one thing we have to be really careful about, but not so much, is the team fights. Uh, they have a very strong team fight because of their jungler. That's one thing we have to be really careful about. Now, of course, we have like we've got a really good team fight ourselves because of the mid lane that we got. Um, >> that's so sad. that I was not able to connect my Q at all. >> Um I do have Strybreaker so like I could keep going. He doesn't have >> ultret. >> Let's keep going. >> Yep. He's gone. A perfect man. Okay. >> Let's uh walk away. >> H I think we could maybe catch the Fiddlesticks like as he's walking down in a jungle here. Nah, never mind. He's already saw me. Yeah, he smites it, too. It's It's all right, man. >> Obviously, I'm just going to continue walking away. >> That's good. He shouldn't have enough damage to necessarily beat me because he's going dead since his third item. An >> ally has been slain. We're probably dead. Well, maybe not quite. Nah, we're dead 100%. Yeah, the Z old I didn't even see the Z ultimate. Apparently, it it landed on me. Okay. Um, so one thing we could do now, we have two options. We could decide to go for more reminder towards the last item. Uh that will give the that will give us the crit chance. I'm thinking like phantom is nice, but what I will end up doing probably is go more to reminder and then last item will probably be uh shoen. It kind of depends because you could also go phantom denser as like a replacement for berserker's grease. So, I think what I might do is go more reminder and we go Shojan and then we replace the Berserker's Grease if we if we can make it that far. We don't know. But, um, yeah, that's the that is the plan. I'll sell the Dorne's blade. I don't need to have that one. >> Let's go. I might consider keeping flash. Okay, let's walk into the jungle here. >> Glory. >> I'm honestly willing to like try and fight again on the sidelines. I could also chase down the this guy. He's He looks very tanky, but he's not. >> Honestly, I'm ready, man. I think if we uh if we group up one single time, I think we end up pointing very easily. Um I need my ADC to group. I'm probably going to use my teleport. Team fight about to happen. >> Okay, let's get ready. >> Yep, Zep is out of the way. And I'm out of the way, too. Stuck in the CC. And then the ultimate lands. Oh man, Raph, thank you so much for the subprime. Thank you so much, Raph, for doing that, bro. Thank you, man. We need one more item. >> An enemy has been slain. >> I I really want to prioritize that drake, man. This is a very valuable drake at the moment. We have to try and take it. >> That would be nice. I don't have teleport. Yeah. Okay, cool. Let's go. Yeah, that's a Drake 100%. Well, actually, it kind of depends. I'm on my way. It's going to take a bit of time. I think if I make it, I could delete the Z. >> I think we can keep going to be honest. Yeah, let's actually keep going. We'll just draw them towards us. Yeah, we make sure we uh force him away. Very good. >> Yeah, that is going to make a difference. >> I could not sidestep that. There was no way I could. about 1,000 damage. It's not enough sadly. It's not a really good position to be in. Let's keep going. Let's keep walking back because of the ADC. Love the movement speed from the item, by the way. again. We walk away. I love the movement speed, dude. It's one of those reasons why. Um, guess I'm ready. >> Just one single point. I think the last item I'm going for I'm really considering like Shojan as a last item and then we go Phantom Dancer as um replacement for the Berserker's Greaves. >> There is only one con. >> No, I'm not going to I'm not going to bother. No, never mind. Okay. Yep. We're going to go back to base. Uh, we'll grab the component for Shojan here and we are then going to be pathing towards the the Baron. >> A tool to guide my >> Let's go. We need like two more levels. >> That's looking scary. >> Might getting deleted. Yeah, he's got full armor. He's going like full AP. Masia will be annihilated. >> Dude, I'm ready, man. To be honest. Uh, just need my team. Just need my team. I don't know if they would go in here. >> Nice ultimate. >> Well, that's enough for sure. Yeah. Deleted, man. Yeah, not a chance. Got W2. Okay. Yeah, we can we can definitely go uh Baron right now. Both the jungler and the mid lane is gone. So, we'll see if we can grab this. Let's go back top lane. We'll push it out to about Yeah, about the second tower. I don't know if I'm going to take it. It would be nice if we could. Would be very nice. Your team has destroyed a turret. >> He's not going to jump in, right? No, he would not try. >> Yeah, I need 200 gold for the Shogun. Uh Q in like two seconds. I don't I don't think they have vision. I don't think so. No. God sm. >> Yeah, the show's going to make a very big difference, man. Kill. >> We got Sm. >> I think he could make the difference. >> Yeah, they could go for base, but if the AD carry is going to respond to that, they wouldn't be able to finish it. Your team has destroyed a turret. >> Where is >> now? That makes me really curious. But where is the AD carry? Why is she not like showing up here? Is that guy I I feel like that guy has left the game. Am I right? Let's go. Go all mid lane. Yeah, let's go all mid lane. Okay, we are pretty much as good as unstoppable right now. Let's go mid lane and uh let's finish the game. Got shoin, so my damage is like 10 times higher right now. I'm ready, dude. Full armor as my opponent. Let's get some good damage. Do some good damage at least. >> Yeah, deleted. >> I guess I could probably outrun him. >> An enemy has been slain. 800 gold. Yep. Seems like this guy has left the game. >> All right, dude. Hey, this is Garen Top lane. Thank you for watching today's guarant. Peace.
