Title: 3 Minute Tristana Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0c8AelZNkE

Content:
Why play Tristana mid? Well, she is a massive lane bully. She also scales very well into the mid and late game. She deals high burst and consistent damage, and she easily explodes towers. However, she can struggle into some of the more mobile assassins, and an ADC mid isn't always great for the team comp. Tristana's passive are her basic attacks, E and ultimate all gain bonus range scaling with her level. Tristana's Q empowers her cannon, gaining a massive amount of attack speed for 7 seconds. Tristana's W causes her to jump to a location, and when she lands, she deals damage in a circle around her and slows targets hit. Getting a champion takedown or detonating her E will immediately reset this ability. Tristana's E has a passive where if she kills a target with a basic attack, they explode and deal damage to enemies nearby. The active is a point-and-click ability, which places a bomb on the target's head. This bomb will explode after 4 seconds, dealing damage to the target and nearby enemies. During this time, Tristana's basic attacks and abilities charge up the bomb. Each time she damages the target, the bomb's damage is increased by 25% stacking up to four times. And when fully charged, it will immediately explode. And this ability can also be used on towers. Tristana's ultimate is a point-and-click ability which deals damage to the target hit. Then the target and all nearby enemies are knocked back and stunned. For combos, your go-to is to W on top of your opponent and use E while midair and Q as you land. Attack until the bomb explodes and jump on them again. And your all-in combo is to W onto your opponent into E and Q. attack into your alt. And if you don't put any other inputs in after your ultimate, Trist will automatically sneak another attack in to detonate the bomb. From here, jump on them again. For matchups, Tris plays well into farmheavy scaling midlaners who she can pressure incredibly early. However, she can struggle into some of the aggressive assassins. For runes, take this. Lethal Tempo is just too good. For build orders, start blade and pot into wild arrows and tier 2 boots. From here, an infgent flicker blades are great pickups before finishing a build with any of these as needed. For skill order, start E, then W, then Q before maxing E, then Q, then W, taking alt whenever you can. For summon some spells, take flash and teleport. Although barrier or exhaust can be necessary into assassins. Starting the game, you're looking to farm hard while constantly poking and harassing your opponent while threatening allins. You're a ranged champion, and your attacks just hurt. And from as early as level two, you can threaten allins. Jumping in with E and then detonating the bomb to jump on them again is so much damage and CC, and you can essentially threaten this all game. Make sure to keep her wards on one side as this allows you to play more aggressive and you're also very safe from getting ganked as your W just gets you out of there. Your ultimate is a decent power spike as it allows you to get your combo off incredibly fast. And once your opponent's been launched away, there's really not much they can do to trade back. So keep pressuring your opponent, force them out of lane, and as soon as you're alone with their tower, E ite, and burn it down. Entering the mid game, you'll often find yourself pushing out side waves. You love this as it's a ton of golden experience, and you can then quickly group back with your team. Entering late game team fights, play as the backline resetting hyper carry. Just attack anything in front of you. You deal tons of damage. Rely on your jump and your ultimate to keep you very safe. And every bomb explosion or takedown is a reset, allowing you to carry. And that's how to play Tristana mid. If this video helped you, leave a like and comment below who you want to see
