Title: How To Fix League Of Legends Tutorial Stuck Problem (EASY 2025)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwP949KdlNM

Content:
So, if you're playing League of Legends here and you're stuck on the tutorial page, well, this one is fairly easy to solve. So, typically when you first create your League of Legends account or Riot account and you first boot up League of Legends, they will require you to play the game in tutorial mode first. But typically in tutorial mode, you should see a bottom icon here at the bottom right that says leave. So, you can go and just click on it. It's going to say, are you sure you want to leave the tutorial? If you do, you can come back anytime before level 11 and claim your reward. So, you go and just click on leave here, and this will redirect you in this page here. Now, obviously, in order for you to start playing other modes, you need to complete the beginner intermediate modes here first until you're level 11. Or you could go and click on PvP here and access either their modes in here. But again, it's going to be quite limited. But then again, um what if like for example you're playing League of Legends, you're in the tutorial page and you can't leave like you can't click anything, it's not moving around. Well, it means that League of Legends is actually uh lagging or um is stuck on that specific page or in the tutorial page. Now, typically to solve that, so if you're having that problem, well, what you need to do is you want to go and just press control shift escape on your keyboard. And this should open up task manager. Now, if you don't want to press that, you could go to your search bar here. Same thing. Just type in task manager. This should open it up. But once you have this open up, you want to go and just look for League of Legends. Like for some this one, right click on it. Click on end task. And once it's actually ended, you want to go and just click on ride client again. Right click on it as well. Click on end task. And once right the ride client is or it's currently closed. Now, what you need to do is you want to close this window, open up Riot Client again, boot up League of Legends, and that should solve your issue. And that's about it. So, hopefully this video was able to help you. Like and subscribe to our channel. Thank you for watching.
