Title: ALPHA BUILD MAKES TANKS CRY 💀🔥 (try it  now)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xy8irsbBl8o

Content:
Here, we played another solo ranked game, and of course we used Alpha. But in this video, we used Alpha's durable yet high damage sustain build, because this game is going to be a tough fight. Why? Because the enemies we'll face in this game are Sora and Akai, and we already know they're going to make things difficult for us. But this build that I'm going to show you is something I'm 100% sure will help you. Welcome Let's start this match. We're using Alpha in the EXP lane, and our opponent is Sora. Sora is extremely strong in the early game and very aggressive, so we're at a slight disadvantage here. Their lineup is also really difficult [music] to deal with, which is why we're going for a sustain build in this game. If we force a one-shot build, we'll just end up struggling because they have Akai. That's why I'll teach you how to deal with Sora in the laning phase, and how we managed to handle this kind of lineup using a sustain build. Ravenous Claw. Rotten Decay. RAVENOUS CLAW. RAVENOUS CLAW. THERE WILL BE BLOOD. An everlasting tribute for the eternal king. I thirst for battle. You can see how aggressively Sora players fight because her damage is extremely strong in the early game. Solo kill. An enemy has been slain. An ally has been Launch attack. An ally has been slain. Team's winning. Crown of legacy. The end of time. Slay an enemy. Double kill. You will serve as fertilizer for the flowers. An ally has been slain. Launch attack. Enemy double kill. My reign is eternal. Killing spree. We somehow managed to recover there, so we'll be able to build our items faster. We just need to stay focused and we'll eventually be able to fight back against Sora. Death is but a pretty thing. Seek your true self. An ally has been slain. With a binding vow, I was handed eternal Let me clear the wave. Launch attack. Turn to dust. An ally has been slain. An enemy has been slain. >> Enemy ultimate on CD. Wither. Enemy invading jungle. An enemy has been slain. >> [music] >> My reign is eternal. An enemy has been slain. Ultimate is not ready. Wither. An ally has SLAIN THE TURTLE. AN ALLY HAS BEEN SLAIN. WITHER. An ally has been slain. You have slain an enemy. Wither. More. More. WITHER. MY reign eternal. Our enemies are insanely aggressive. Akai is invading all by himself, and as you can see, Sora keeps diving in, too. Ally has been imprisoned. Enemy invading jungle. Alt is not ready. >> [music] >> All that remains Request backup. the defiler of death, the beast lord of the northern wastes. An ally has been slain. Launch attack. Turn to dust. Ally has been You have slain an enemy. An everlasting tribute for the eternal king. The enemy is killing. Ally has been slain. You destroyed a turret. I watch as empires rise and fall and as generations turn to dust. The enemy has slain the turtle. My reign is eternal. Our turret has been destroyed. You have slain an enemy. Superb damage. What defines a ruler? I will conquer the world. Ally has been Killing spree. You will submit to my strength. There we go. We finally made a comeback. We got a huge amount of gold there. So, this is where our comeback starts. And now we're finally getting our items, too. You have slain an enemy. Your team destroyed a turret. Initiate retreat. Enemy trapped here. Grab his claw. Your team destroyed a turret. REQUEST BACKUP. ENEMY TRAPPED HERE. SHUT DOWN. You have slain an enemy. Double kill. Attack. Grab his claw. >> SEE, THEY'RE ALREADY STRUGGLING BECAUSE WE'RE USING A sustain build. If we went for a one-shot build, they could easily burst us down since their lineup is full of burst damage and catch heroes like Saber and Akai. We would really struggle if we forced a one-shot build here, which is why you should always adjust your items depending on the enemy lineup. I like to miss this. Oh, the great gift man. The gift fire of death. The bestowal of eternity. An enemy has been An enemy has been slain. Your brilliant tanking. Everlasting for the eternal king. Mortality is the cruelest >> Your team destroyed the Double kill. Launch attack. Your team destroyed the turret. Mega kill. You will rot as fertilizer for the flowers. Your team destroyed >> Launch attack. AN ENEMY HAS BEEN SLAIN. >> We could have survived there if Diggie was able to use his ultimate properly. But his ult only focused on Layla. We just need to focus on our own plays because our teammates are all doing their own thing. So we have to find a way to make things work. Even in this kind of situation. It's still hard for us when everyone is playing separately. >> [music] >> Have I seized eternity? It's really difficult, right? Our teammates keep getting wiped out because everyone is playing separately. [music] This kind of game play really shouldn't happen because it causes situations like this. We're struggling because there's no teamwork. So we just need to stay focused here. Under attack. Our turret has been destroyed. Wither. >> Wither. Ally has been slain. Request backup. Ally has been slain. Wither. May I reign eternal. An enemy has been slain. You have slain an enemy. >> end, you achieve nothing. More. MORE. WITHER. ALL THINGS PERISH, YET I REMAIN. WITHER. Request backup. Mortality is the cruelest trick played upon us. REQUEST BACKUP. KILLING SPREE. Be free from your mortal Launch attack. You have slain an Request backup. Request backup. Initiate retreat. Launch attack. Mega kill. >> [music] >> Our turret has been destroyed. Lord slayer. Request backup. An enemy has See, because we kept finding ways to deal with the situation, they still ended up losing. That's why teamwork really matters. Earlier, they kept forcing fights and diving in even when they couldn't handle it. Alt is not ready. Alt is not ready. You destroyed the turret. Alt is not ready. Enemy destroyed the turret. Monster kill. >> My reign eternal. I thirst for battle. Gravity is cruel. An enemy has launched attack. Confirmed tanking. Alt is not ready. My reign eternal. An enemy has a Double kill. Legendary. Wiped out. Victory. >> [music]
