Title: How To Get a PBE Account for League of Legends ! Tutorial
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hno9Vjy14VI

Content:
Hello everyone and welcome back on a new video. Well, today I'm going to show you how to get PBE access in League of Legends in 2025 fast and easy. I know that you all want to test new champions, skins, and updates before they hit live. Today, I will show you how. Just repeat my steps. Step number one, check eligibility. First, you must meet RSP PBE requirements. You got to be honor level three. So, as you see, I'm already honor level five. No bans, no restrictions, an active account, not suspended in a Europe, West or UN server. That's the most supported regions. Check your owner in client like I did. Tip number two, create a PBE account. Go to the official PBE signup page. Login in with your main LOL account. Agree to terms and verify eligibility. Pick a unique PBA username even if your main is taken. Step number three, download PBE client. Download the PBE client separate from live lore. Install and login with your new PBE credentials. Patch notes will show test future. Step number four, play and report bugs. PBE isn't just early access. It's for testing bugs. Use the bug report tool on the escape menu in game. Give your feedback on new balance changes. Then enjoy your free RP and be. But always keep in mind the PBE economy is separate. Now watch my screen my screen as I do a PBE account. So all I got to do is type PBE signup page. Then click on enter. Then we got to go to the first one. Then we can click on sign up for PVE. Then we click on sign in. Then we got to enter our username here and our password. Then we're going to hit enter. Then I will give them approve from my phone since I use the the two factor authentification. So, right now I'm signed in. All we got to do is go down here and read all of this. You can always download the PBE client from here. So, all you got to do is click on download on Windows. then it will be ready to install in in two to one minute. So this was it for today's video.
