Title: Ezreal but I have UNLIMITED AD and AP scaling (NEW SEASON 16 EZREAL BUILD)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TndGPXkRLmo

Content:
All right, everybody. Welcome back to another video. Today, we're playing some Ezreal in the mid lane and we are running harvest sun and pack six cents ultimate hunter mana flow band and transcendence. I want to do a build on him where we get a Archangel's and a Manamune because you can get multiple tear items now. So, then off my mana, I'll get extra AD and AP. So, I could be like a hybrid Ezreal, but we can also get the um What's it called? The The actualizer, which gives a lot of mana and when I activate it, my spells cost twice as much mana, but they they're going to do like probably 40% more damage. So, I should have some insane burst if I go like AP Ezreal. We may even be able to throw in a gunblade, but I think I'm going to do Manamune seraph's. I think we'll need a deathcap for sure. And we'll see. We'll see. A gunblade could be very good because all my abilities do scale with AD and AP, all five of them or four of them. Passive doesn't scale with anything. But yeah, we should have some good burst and our auto attacks will still do damage. I should have a at least like 200 plus AD. Give me a harvest stack, sir. Oh, I missed a cannon in for that last Q. Almost killed him though. So, their jungler is Jax. I saw him. Well, I will max my Q first since we're going Manamune. Oh, he needed to hit that Q. Goodbye, sir. Wait, he won that? Okay, Yone is balanced. Bro. How did he win that? I think Urgot's W is hitting the minions instead of the Yone. I don't know. Are the minions weaker? I feel like I'm pushing a lot faster than normal. Normally, I don't have any wave clear on Ezreal mid. Maybe it's cuz I have Doran's blade and then I have two points in Q already. I don't know. He healed up a lot, but he's got no mana. We need to go get a tear. I'm going to go buy that now. See, the thing is we can get multiple tears, but we have to stack them up one at a time. So, I have to finish this tear item before I buy another tear, I believe. I will wait for a long sword. See, they say semi-unique now. There is a new tear item, but I We're not going to get the new one or winter's approach. They don't give me any damage. They're not going to be good. I'll have three mana items. I'll have actualizer, I'll have the seraph's and I'll have the Manamune. That should be more than enough. And I have mana flow band. So, not only does the the mana give me increased AD and AP, it also gives me increased damage burst when I activate the item. I think this is going to be decent. It's going to take a bit to scale. Poke. I may need to get a a Lich Bane or something, but I think we'll be okay. I'd do a gunblade over a Lich Bane now that I think about it. So, maybe gunblade deathcap is my last two items. I'm down to do that. It'd be a hybrid build leaning more towards the AP side though. Am I already out of mana? There's a ward in there. I unbound my ward ping thing when I was doing the wasdy and I never changed it back. I wasn't sure if she had a Oh, he should have gave it to Vel'Koz. Oh, he did. Wasn't sure if she had barrier or not, so I was like didn't know what I needed to use. That Smolder skin is terrible. I'm sorry, but that is not a good skin. It's a good idea, but it's like I don't know. Why is his face looks weird. Like why didn't they give him a little red nose and stuff? Maybe he gets it when he upgrades, but I don't know. I saw some pictures posted of it somewhere and it really didn't look too good. I hit that W. Okay. Damn, there's a lot of crystals on that tower. Nice. Kind of glad I went transcendence instead of just going for the full damage like I always do. Cuz I'm going to have burst with this build, but I also think I'll have some good sustain fighting. Somebody's below me. I think it's Jax. Yeah. Got to stack up the tear. I could get a call while I'm at it. Or you know what would have been good? Cash back. I could have went first strike. Cuz I could have taken um cosmic insight. I'd stack up the tear a little bit faster. Missing genius hunter. [Music] My auto attack like did nothing to him even with our harvest on him. I need to push this and leave. I'm low enough where he could just press Q or on me and I'm dead. If I had ignite, I could land a W on him. E and auto ignite probably get him. That might kill. Oh, so close. My cannon. Frick. He might go for this cannon. Oh my god, that killed him. Am I dead? I'm a liver. They have global ult? No. I'm going for this. All right, we got our first. Let's see if it'll let me I think it might let me buy the second tear. I'm excited. Nope, I got to finish stacking it. Okay. Well, we can build all the components, I guess. Or we'll just turn it into a actualizer if we don't stack up the tear fast enough, but I think the item, now that it's finished, it stacks up faster. Last time I was in Shurima, I decoded some glyphs. Something about >> already getting 70 AD. I just wanted this ruby scarab. It looks great on my mantle. Oh, nice. I think he's dead. Oh. Time out, everyone. I'll continue Oh, Mumu has a Liandry's already. Malbor, attack! Yeah, I'll just max W last. Normally, I max it a bit earlier if I'm getting AP, but my Q and my autos feel strong, so play around that. I'll make this look easy. Mid lane quest, what boots am I getting? Probably sorcs. Could go CDR boots. Wow. Okay. I heard a lot. Oh, I'm hit. I was hoping my ult would go off before I got blasted there. That's funny. What does this actualizer build on him? I blasting wand. I mean, this is taking a bit. I think we just go this. I don't have enough for this stupid wand. Okay, I got a different idea. We'll get the boots. I truly hope nobody saw that. And that. Cuz I think it's just it's really worth it now to get boots after first item as a mid lane cuz the upgrade is so big. There's an unspoken law in archaeology. Finders keepers. I walked right into that. I'm going to go in. True explorers follow the compass in their heart. It wasn't a miss. An ally has been slain. Rip. Missed the wave, too. Gottem this. Who needs a map? I think all these items give haste, also. The tear's like two-thirds of the way there. Cool guys never look back at explosions. Uh somebody's behind me if he's going like that. Maybe not. That's a lot of vision up top. You want some stacks? I rarely know what I'm looking for, but I always find it. Blue buff, more haste. Oh, he's just going that way. Okay. Figured our guy would just fight towards the Yone. I stole it. Let's help him get this tower. Oh, a plan. Yeah, I totally have a plan. And they got objective bounty. Oh, they're not farming that well. Let me give you a hug. >> I always know a shortcut. Really like that they gave the old Luden's Echo back. The new one was like a downgrade. Taric lightfeather never gives up. An enemy has been slain. I think I get more stacks if I hit a champion. I don't remember. Yeah, doubled versus champion. Did that give me a stack? Or is it on cool down still? I never No plant survives first contact with me. Like 50/50, I could kill him there, he could kill me. All right, I'm just keep pushing. An ally has been slain. Oh. They kept hitting me. Well, I got the tower. Uh what do I do? I can't buy this seraph's, can I? No. Hmm, I could get this now. But then the seraph's is going to be See how much I wish I could know how much more I need. Probably not that much. I'll just buy this. I should be like a bit of gold off seraph's. It sucks. This is a bad buy. I don't really get an item, but I got a lot of components. But this will help me stack up the seraph's faster when I actually finish it. Yeah, I'll go gunblade then deathcap. I'm going to have so much AD. I'll have healing, too. I might hit them all or I might hit none of them. Oh, it killed somebody. Wow. It did a lot of damage. I don't even have the increased AP from mana yet, so. Give me your plating. All part of the adventure. An enemy has been slain. I melted his ass. Once it's a ruin, I can legally loot it. Damn, I got a lot of money. I'm fed as hell. I don't know if I beat this guy, though. I can run away from him. Impossible comebacks are sort of my specialty. Oh, no. I should have just autoed again. That would have been so Oh, nice. He got an assist. That would have been so cool if it pushed me back and my ult shot off and killed her. I think I'll have close enough. You like 2K. I'll be close. It's fine. I could sell my ring or my blade. I still need to get like two more stacks on this. I could ult down mid and I think it might If I hit a champion, I think I get it. Yeah, he doesn't even get like his antlers glowing with stacks. Or does he even have the stacks? They really hate me in Shurima. I need more stacks. They're doing no damage to Adam. Oh my god. It's Veigar. Hey, Veigar. Okay, I have that. Oh, I have this, too. Damn, I can activate this before I combo. 24% increased damage. I guess it'll be around 30%. I I forgot I don't have Ryze's passive. All right, current angels. That's got a stack now and we'll get a gunblade. Yeah, I have 213 AD, 217 AP. I'm getting like 100 from this item. I'm getting almost 100 from this item, but it'll give a lot more once it stacks. It's going to take forever though. I think this one stacks faster. Landing abilities gives five. The other one's three. Damn, look at his health. I'm dead. I was going to alt him. That was just a W E combo. Imagine I throw in a gunblade to that W E and gunblade auto attack, big burst. Then we go death cap I think. Blue buffs up. Where's the Aticon? I need to stop dying though. So I can keep stacking. Every eight seconds I can get charged. Oh, that's gone. Is that a Aticon? We're doing early barons again. Which I feel like baron was at 25 minutes you like didn't even see it half of your games. This doubles versus champs, so I probably want to get them. I can one shot this tower. Almost. I missed that. I I remember to pop my item right before. Oh my god. Can't hit him. Here we go. I remember to activate the item, otherwise I wouldn't have killed Tristana there. Yeah, it'll be around 30% I think when this thing's fully stacked. Cuz I still have more levels to get to which gives me more mana. There is no nothing to hit. Oh, that count is deep. The W doesn't count as a tear stack. It has to do damage. Nice. Oh, we got soul. Uh, got him. Like does he have his two He does No, he doesn't. Bro, he could have like glowing antlers and stuff. I mean, we'll see. He He's about to get his stacks. What the hell is this? Oh, that's a bug minion. Okay. Damn it. Damn it. Run Smolder, run. Oh shoot, they're on my ass. Oh, I activated it right as it Oh my god. Holy. I'm good. Goodbye. We have gunblade. Another item to activate in a fight. This is so cool. It's a hybrid build. I still have the same amount of AD as AP. But look, my ult does 1200 damage. Like I'm hitting almost as hard as a full AP build. I think when this is active I'm I'm hitting as hard as I would if I went full AP, but I get the benefit of having unlimited mana. I'm going to have a shield. And I have healing and my autos do damage. I can do other stuff. I wonder if I have to activate it before I cast the ult or while the ult's flying. This guy's dead. Wow, he got popped. Wow, did I not hit anyone there? I'm healing. My W E combo or just anything in general should heal me a lot. It's almost stacked up. All right, he doesn't doesn't look any different with his upgrades. He gets a an ice hat tiara? How dumb is that? Imagine he's giving him a red nose that glows when he gets his stacks and antlers that glow or get bigger. I got him. Next fight I'll have my upgrade. Uh-oh. That was a massive Urgot ult. Um Oh wow. This item spellblade only does uh 50 less than the Lich Bane. I think death cap here. But I think Lich Bane would be a close second. I could get another mana item also. Let's see what my 268 282 391 280 or we can't see with the death cap. How much did that go up to? Dude, I don't know. How much AD do I gain? I mean like 12 AD from the Luden's. Hm. I want the death cap still I think. I'll have like four to 500 AP after the cap. Ooh, elder's up. I gunbladed him and it did nothing. I have my shield now. How much do I need for a cap? 250 The spell effects are cool on that skin. Holy damage. Well, we don't have Smolder. As long as Urgot isn't here, I think we're okay. Did I hit him? Oh, let me go get my deathcap. Oh, 572, even more than I thought. Yeah, it's better than the Luden's. Okay. How much increased? 27, it'll be maybe 28% No, probably still 27 when I level up. Oh, I guess I should have checked the item increase when I have a Luden's, but I don't know. This guy's going to get one shot. Wow. Ah, he has tenacity. He does double tenacity. I think I'm dead. Damn. I don't hurt Urgot. I have no I do have magic, but he just doesn't take damage for some reason. 638 AP still. Nice. Break open the base. Okay, Smolder. I guess I could check. 30 No, it's not worth the 3% increase. We are not Ryze. I think I think I did it the most mathematically correct and efficient. Maybe I could sell boots for something, but I don't think it'd be that good to lose out on the mobility. Maybe if I was bot lane, you know, have the extra item slot. Throw in a Luden's or blackfire torch might be even better for the AP increase. But I wouldn't change any of my items. Maybe the only thing I need is a void staff. But I am deleting everybody but Urgot, so I did 1,500 damage. How much is this done? 30 sticks. Who is freaking minion is in the way. I don't have any armor pens, so my Q's don't do damage to him, but my abilities do a little bit. Bro, I almost just got pushed into that wall from the minions. I was like, why didn't I Moo Moo on him? He doesn't have it. Well, Kha'Zix just saved his life. Urgot died. [Music] Oh my. 1,600 damage on the tower. I like this build. I think people think this item is bad. I don't know why. But it's I think the item's going to get nerfed. It's so broken. Like anybody who just builds one mana item and then builds it, maybe not even one mana item, will just do a lot of damage if they time it right. Let's see physical and magic. I think it's majority magic damage. Yeah. Still did a lot of physical. Only 12K more magic. Oh, yeah. Make sure to like, comment, subscribe. Give me ideas on what I should try with the new items. Harvested 5183, Sun Impact 1584. And I'll see you guys on the swag mode channel tonight. Peace.
