Title: Your Ganks Never Work Because Of This
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRnzTbfpQ_8

Content:
Do you think this gank is good? I mean, look at where the enemy champions are. How can it not be good? Well, it's actually trash. Zyra just finished her full clear and the enemy bot lane is pushed up. This means Zyra is ganking during her infamous dead time, so she can gank for free and the Vel'Koz and Yone are have further to run to their safety. But, if League was that easy, even Jinxie will hit challenger. Let me save you. This is not just a Vel'Koz. This is not just a Yone. This is a Vel'Koz with flash. This is a Yone with flash. Why does this matter so much? Well, let's watch. Okay, Zyra did miss her E, but even if this was going to hit Vel'Koz or Yone, they could just flash away and they could also flash after it lands. Flashes and dashes are ganking kryptonites. As Zyra ganked bot lane just because they were pushed up, she gives the Wuju Bladesman time to set up in this brush and Zyra is punished for her ganking perspective. But, this Master Yi commits the same crime soon after. After securing the bot crab, he looks mid lane. This gank is definitely going to work because Zed is pushed up. Who cares if he has W or flash? Well, you should care, Master Yi, because Zed having either of those spells means you won't be able to kill him. As a result of pointlessly ganking Zed, Master Yi loses valuable time when he could have recalled for his respawning top camps and he is very lucky to win the smite fight on his gromp. A few moments later, someone who won't get lucky is this Kayn. He is lurking in the bot river and his eyes look mid lane. The enemy Lissandra is pushed up. How dare she? Let's actually think about this properly. Yes, Lissandra is pushed up and further from her tower's safety, but we should finish that sentence and say, "Lissandra is pushed up with flash." When we watch this gank, even if Kayn had his E, it would not change anything. Because Lissandra has flash and skills her E after hitting level three. Not being toxic, but Kayn gets what he deserves on his wolf camp a few seconds later, a gray screen. If you gank like that and this, gray screens will haunt you, too. Rengar is farming raptors and look at mid lane. This way is dominating the Malzahar and is pushed up. You know what Rengar's going to do, don't you? He's going to ignore mid lane and farm his wolves. Oh, never mind. He's ganking mid. Again, just because a champion is pushed up doesn't then make them killable. This way does not have flash, but does have his fear. And how can a Rengar with no flash dodge it? Well, he can't. What's the result? A loss of LP. The only time ganking a champion with flash is optimal is if you can gap close before they can react, just like this. Pyosik sees the Ryze pushed up, but Ryze has flash. So, why does Pyosik still go for this gank? That's because at level three, Lee Sin can close space very quickly. And if Ryze ever flashed away after Lee Sin ward hops in like this, Lee Sin can just follow with his own flash. If you don't want to lose LP, then do something about it. We are launching an interactive quizzing platform that teaches you champion micro or jungle macro and test you straight away. Your tier climb is inevitable. Get signed up to our waitlist for early access, sneak peeks, and other perks prior to our launch. Links down below. Stop with the advertising, man. We want to see more examples of how not to think about ganking. All right, all right. What about this one? Talon is recalling in the pixel brush, but stops it. This one, however, is unlike the others. Jhin and Xerath are not pushed up. So, is that why this gank is bad? Not necessarily. Pantheon support offers reliable CC and quick burst damage, just like Nautilus, Leona, Alistar. But again, if ganking was that easy, we would just run to lanes with CC and get guaranteed kills. So, why don't we start by talking about the enemy champions? You know, the champions who actually give us gold. The Jhin is a Jhin with Flash and Barrier, and the Xerath is a Xerath with Flash. This makes it almost impossible to kill Jhin, the primary target, before he flashes to safety. The fact that Jhin is the same HP as Varus after this gank highlights how suboptimal this gank really was. Let's do the same here. We want to kill the enemy Lucian, but let's describe more than just the champion name. This is a Lucian with Flash. So, when Kayn ganks and tries to 1v1 the level six Lucian, he's lucky he happens to have a Shen support to save him. Otherwise, they could FF. Instead of ganking the Lucian with Flash, Kayn could take the enemy red buff and thereby hit level six, and this gives him a much better chance of killing the Lucian, even if he has Flash. Being able to anticipate the success or failure of a gank in the future enables us to make the correct decision in the present. But what about this gank? In this Korean platinum game, the Vi runs through the bot tri brush and gets a really nice kill on the Jhin. Let's go. But was this a smart gank? Just because the outcome is good doesn't mean the play is good. When Vi runs through tri brush, this Jhin has Flash. So, when we see Vi charge her Q and then Flash in, why can Jhin not Flash at any point here? Well, he can and should. This would be a waste of a gank and Vi is now a camp behind the enemy jungler. Thankfully, the enemy jungler is pathing top in this game, but in others, this gank would be even more egregious because the Vi would get punished, like getting double crabbed. Let's turn that frown upside down. The same Talon is about to execute a perfect gank. He looks bot lane and he sees the Jhin pushed up. He is very far away from his tower's safety, but that's not the main reason this gank is next level. This is not just a Jhin, this is a Jhin with no flash. Shall we watch what happens? You don't have to be a genius to predict the future here, but Talon does indeed kill the no flash Jhin. Are you starting to get it why super high elo track flashes the entire game? Just like this. When Canyon runs through tri brush, look at the chat. Duro is timing the enemy flashes and we can see that the enemy Varus has no flash for a few more minutes. When we watch this, we shouldn't really be surprised at the outcome. A double kill for Jarvan and even Rek'Sai respected the gank on the no flash Varus so much, she dies as well. But even if the enemy champion has no flash, some of them still difficult to kill. Think of this Ezreal for example. He has no flash, but what else does he have? His arcane shift. No doubt Lee Sin could have played this a lot better, but this one cool down Ezreal has makes the gank a lot more difficult. This gank however is super free. Before I tell you why this gank is good, think about it for a second. Is it because Kindred is OP? Is it because Kindred is behind enemy lines? Is it because Janna has a slow? No, it's because Kindred has a Kraken Slayer at level four. I'm joking. It's because Senna has no flash. Caitlyn would be a much better kill, but Caitlyn has flash. I'm not sure if this was deliberate, but Kindred makes the right choice and targets the champion with no flash, the Senna, for a quick and easy kill. This gank is also super free, but why? Volibear is waiting in the bottom mid brush ready to pounce. The Orianna is pushing up and she is an immobile mage. Also, if we could get the double bust off of her, that would be great, too. I am trying to throw you off the scent by the way of why this gank really works. Who cares if Orianna has double bust? Who cares if she's a mobile? Who cares if she is pushing? As long as she is not under her tower, it's fine. The main reason this gank is more likely to work is because Orianna has no flash. If this video has helped you envision the future when you gank, like the video and join the waitlist at don'tbeshy.com.
