Title: Every Riftbound Rule Explained! How To Play The League Of Legends TCG
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhRBoFiCxjI

Content:
Riftbound is here and I've been having an absolute blast playing it. But while the game seems super simple on the surface, the rule book is a massive 65 pages and I know you don't have time to read it, so I did it for you. In this video, I'll be breaking down the entire rule book so you'll be ready for any situation you come across. So, with that said, let's start with deck building. To play Riftbound, you need two decks, a champion legend and battlefields. Your champion legend is placed in the legend zone at the start of the game and dictates the domain identity of your deck. Basically, the colors or runes that you are allowed to play. For example, let's take a look at Jinx Loose Cannon. You can see at the top left corner of her card that she has a red and purple icon. These represent the Fury and Chaos domains, respectively. This means that your deck can only consist of cards from those domains. And notably, if a card has two domains, your deck's legend must match both of them to use that card. The other domains include calm, which is green, mind, which is blue, body, which is orange, and order, which is yellow. Once you've selected your legend, you can build your main deck. This will consist of at least 40 cards and includes your units, gears, spells, and chosen champion unit. Let's start there. Your chosen champion will be placed in the champion zone at the start of the game. They must have a tag that matches your champion legend. For example, if Jinx Loose Cannon was your legend, you can use either Jinx Demolitionist or Jinx Rebel as your chosen champion. As you can see that they have the Jinx tag, but you need to be a bit careful here. We are specifically looking for champion units for this. So, if you have Annie as your legend, you can't use Tibbers as a chosen champion despite it having the Annie tag because it is a signature unit and not a champion unit. Which leads us into our next topic, signature cards. Your deck can only have at maximum three signature cards and they must share a tag with your champion legend. So, if hypothetically Annie had Tibbers and another signature card of some kind, you would have to choose some combination of the two cards that would add up to at most three copies. Otherwise, all cards in your deck will have a cap of three each, and there's not really any other big restrictions to worry about. The other deck is the rune deck. As the name suggests, this is specifically for your runes, and they must match your domain identity, and you must have 12 of them. You also need to provide battlefields as well, but the specific number depends on the mode that you are playing. Typically, in a one versus one game, though, you will provide three. With that, you are ready to build a deck. The board is divided into several zones. The base is the main location that each player may play their units and gear to, as well as the player's runes, but you might see these allocated to their own area for clarity in some boards. However, they are technically in the base. The battlefield zone, as the name suggests, are where battlefields are placed, typically up to one per player. This area has a subzone called the faceown zone as well. This is a place where a single card can be placed face down through effects like hidden. Players can only place cards into the faceown zone if they control the associated battlefield. And if the player loses control of that battlefield, their card is removed afterwards. The last area that we need to talk about on the board is the legend zone. This is where your champion legend is placed. It isn't considered to be a location, and the legend placed there can't be removed or displaced during the game for any reason. Then we have our nonboard zones. The trash is basically your graveyard. Cards go there when they've been killed, destroyed, discarded, or after a spell has been used. Your cards can never for any reason be put into the trash of another player. For example, if they control your unit when it is destroyed, it will be returned to your trash instead of theirs. The trash can be reorganized and ordered freely. However, it is also public information, so you can't hide it from your opponents if they ask to see it during a game. Similarly, we have banishment. This is where cards go if they are banished by some card effects. Basically, a place for cards removed from the game where they are harder to recover than if they were just in the trash. This area is also public information. And speaking of information, next we have the hand. While the cards in your hand are private, the number of cards is public. And so your opponents can ask how many cards you're holding at any given time. On that note, all items on the board in the collective play area are public information, and players can ask to view or be provided with the details of any face up card in play. This isn't the Yu-Gi-Oh anime. We got to tell the other players the truth if they ask about our cards. The state of those cards is also public information. For example, if a unit is buffed or if a gear is exhausted. The champion zone is where your chosen champion goes. You can play that champion normally at any point in the game by paying its regular cost. However, once a champion leaves the zone, they typically can't be returned there. So, if you play your chosen champion and it is killed, it will go to the trash. Then we have the main and rune deck zones respectively. And that's it. So now we have our decks and we know the boards. Now let's talk about game objects. Game objects is a term that mostly refers to your cards. Firstly, each type of card will have a unique backside depending on which deck they are placed in. Main deck cards, rune deck cards, and battlefields or champion legends. However, the more important part is definitely on the front. Let's look at and break down the main deck cards. Each card in the main deck will have a cost depicted in the top left corner. However, there are two types of costs that a card might have. The first is the energy cost. This is the number that you see in the big circle. Directly below that, you will sometimes see a few rune symbols. These are power costs. And we'll talk about how to pay these and the difference between them in a little bit. The bar across the middle of the card shows us the card's name. And again, this name has a limit of three in your deck. Notably, this refers to the full name of the card as well. So, Jinx Demolitionist and Jinx Rebel are unique cards despite both being Jinx. Cards can also have categories and subcategories as well. Permanence are cards from the main deck which remain on the board after being played, like units and gear. Meanwhile, spells are a subcategory that do not remain on the board. The section below a card's name is the rules text. This can include abilities, instructions, keywords, flavor text, or be completely empty. But let's get into the nitty-gritty here. On unit cards, you will sometimes find tags which represent which champion, region, faction, or species that they belong to. For example, if we look at Dune Drake, we can see that it has the Shereimma and the dragon tag. This typically doesn't have any value in and of itself. However, some cards like Herold of the Scales will interact with or have synergy tied to a specific tag. In the top right corner of unit cards, we will see their might. Looking back at Dune Drake, and you can see that they have a might of five. When a unit is dealt damage, they are marked for that amount. And if that amount ever equals or exceeds their might, they are killed. Might is also the amount of damage that a unit will do to another unit in combat. In this sense, might is both their attack and health points all in one. Damage is removed in two specific situations. Firstly, at the end of each player's turn, and second, at the end of any given combat. Also, a unit smite can never go below zero, if that ever becomes relevant. When a unit enters the board, they will do so exhausted unless affected by accelerate or similar effects. This means they are tapped or put horizontal and effectively used up or spent for the turn. This will last until they are readied on that player's following turn or until they are readied by another effect. If a unit has an activated ability of some kind, it can be activated during that player's action phase. Though, this can't be used in response or as a reaction and has to be done in an open game state unless told otherwise. But while not every unit has an activated ability, all units have a shared inherent ability to perform what is called a standard move. Again, this can only happen in an open game state. Players can perform multiple standard moves simultaneously. However, all units moving must be going to the same destination, though their origins don't need to be the same. The cost of making a standard move is to exhaust that unit. Now, there are a few restrictions to movement, though. Firstly, units may move from their base to a battlefield or the battlefield to their base, but they can't move from one battlefield to the other unless some ability like ganking or a spell specifically allows it. On top of that, units cannot move to a battlefield that has units belonging to two other players there already. This, of course, is only relevant in game modes that have three or more players. Our next game object is gear. This can only be played in a player's base, and if it was somehow brought to a battlefield, it would be immediately recalled to the base. Like units, gear can have activated abilities, which can be used in open states. However, unlike units, gear enters readied. They are super simple cards for the most part, so luckily we don't have to spend much time on them. Following gear are spells. These can be activated in open game states, and once it is used, its effect will be triggered, and then it will be sent to your trash. spells resolve the rules text from top to bottom. And once it begins resolving, nothing else can interrupt or be resolved until all of the effects on the card have been completed. However, there are two keywords which do allow other players to chain onto spells. And we will get into chains a little bit later. The action keyword allows a spell to not only be played in open game states, but during showdowns as well. Meanwhile, the reaction keyword can also be played during all forms of closed states. We'll talk about the chains in depth later, as well as game states. However, in general, when a chain is created, the newest spell will resolve and then you will work backwards towards the oldest spell in that chain. Runes are another subcategory which are channeled rather than played. However, while they do typically stay on the field, they are not considered permanence as they do not come from the main deck. Runes are the primary resource used to pay costs in Riftbound and can produce both energy and power. By exhausting a rune, you can produce one energy, which can be used to pay for your main deck cards or activated abilities. Meanwhile, to produce power, a rune can be recycled to the bottom of the rune deck. Notably, though, they can only be used to produce power of their associated domain or generic power. Energy and power created by your runes is stored in the rune pool and will remain there until it is spent or until the current turn or draw phase ends. Our next game objects are battlefields. These each tend to have their own passive or triggered abilities which will affect the units and spells that interact with that location. For example, Sigil of the Storm will trigger when you conquer it and make you recycle a rune. Meanwhile, the arena's greatest passively gives each player a point during their first beginning phase. While battlefields are technically part of your deck, they do not get shuffled into your deck at the start of the game and only exist to be selected from during setup. These locations can't be moved or killed in most cases, and you can stack as many units that you'd like to on any one battlefield. However, there is only one spot to place a hidden card on each of them. Next, we have the cornerstone of your entire deck, your champion legend. These typically are not played throughout the game, can't leave the legend zone, can't be killed, but can be targeted by spells or game effects. These cards can have passive, triggered, or activated abilities, and each has one or more domains, though to date, each example has two domains. We also have game objects that aren't actually cards in your deck and instead are created throughout the course of the game. These are called tokens. If you create a token, you can use pre-established cards to represent them. However, if you don't have token cards, you don't need to worry as anything can be used to represent these tokens. You can use coins, dice, hell, if you can get your cat to sit still long enough, you can even use them as a token if you really want to. They are not technically considered cards and don't have costs or domains. However, they can have tags, types, mites, or any other property which will be listed on the effect that created that token. All right, we've covered all the game objects. Now, let's talk about control. This applies differently depending on the game object that we are talking about. Battlefields can either be controlled by a specific player or uncontrolled. If a player is the only person to have units on a battlefield, they control it. This control can be contested when a unit controlled by a player who doesn't control that battlefield moves onto it and will remain contested until control is established or reestablished. Notably, even while being contested, the actual control of the battlefield doesn't change until that combat is resolved. And we'll get more into this as we cover combat and cleanup. In almost all other cases, control typically refers to the player in possession of a card or ability. But let's talk about actually starting the game. And this can be a bit affected by the mode that you are playing. All of which will be covered later in the video. However, typically it will go as followed. Each player sets their champion legend and chosen champion in the respective zones. Then they will randomly select one of their three battlefield cards to place into the battlefield zone. You will set your main and rune deck in place and then select who will be going first in any fair method. It can be flipping a coin, rolling a dice, whatever you want. If you're playing with more than two players, turn order will follow the table seating clockwise after the first. Each player begins the game by drawing four cards, after which they can choose to mulligan up to two of them, meaning you choose two cards to recycle by putting them at the bottom of your deck before drawing two more. From there, we can talk about the distinct phases of each turn. However, it's important to note that the actions within those steps can be taken in any order unless stated otherwise, which brings us to a player's permission to take actions. Game actions of any kind are all performed one at a time and executed completely before moving on. Game actions also can't be done simultaneously for any reason. That said, one action might trigger several different triggered abilities all at once. These will be put into effect based on turn order, but we will get more into that when we talk about triggered abilities later on. At any given time, the turn is in one of two states, neutral or showdown. As you might imagine, showdown states occur while a showdown is in progress, during which only cards with the action or reaction abilities can be played or activated. In all other cases, the game is in a neutral state. Similarly, the game can either be closed or opened state. During a chain, the game is in a closed state, meaning only abilities with reaction specifically can be used. And if there is no chain active, then the game is in an open state. These situations can be combined creating neutral open, neutral closed, showdown open, and showdown closed. These situations are all affected by priority. And at any point, only one player can have priority, which is the ability to take discretionary actions. You're going to hear this term come up here and there throughout this video. A discretionary action is basically an action that the player can choose to do at any point in a neutral open state, like playing a unit, for example. Only the turn player can take these actions. However, once they do, then the game can enter different phases. For example, if the player uses their discretionary action to move a unit, this could result in a combat phase, which occurs when units belonging to opposing players occupy the same battlefield, which I guess is about as good a time as any to talk about showdowns. Showdowns occur in two situations. Firstly, when a combat takes place, and second, when a unit is moved to an empty battlefield. Put simply, if something enters a battlefield that its owner does not control, it is typically considered to be a showdown, which may or may not actually include combat. Once a showdown begins, relevant players can play cards or activate abilities with action or reaction. And both combat and showdowns will be flushed out further in this video. Now that we know when we can take actions, we can talk about the actual phases of each turn. The beginning of the turn can be remembered by the ABC D acronym. At the turn start, we have a the awaken phase during which the turn player readies all of their game objects which can be readied. Then b the beginning phase is when all of the beginning step triggers take place. For example, holding a battlefield will score you a point during this phase. And if we look at the Jinx loose cannon legend card, you can see that she allows you to draw a card if you have one or less cards in your hand in this phase. C stands for the channel phase in which the players add runes from their rune deck to their board. Typically, this will be two per turn. However, if a player is the last player to go in the first round of the game, they usually get to channel a third rune for that turn only. I'll get into the specifics of this in the modes of play section. In any case, if there are less than two runes in your rune deck, you'll channel as many as are possible in the channel phase. Finally, D stands for draw phase, where the turn player will draw one card. If their deck is empty, when a player tries to draw from it, they will burn out. This involves shuffling their trash into their main deck, choosing an opponent to gain a point, and then they will perform the action that caused them to burn out. In this case, drawing their card for turn. A quick aside here, if a player's trash is also empty when they attempt to burn out as a result of cards being banished or whatever else, then burnout will repeat until something stops it. Essentially meaning that you will continue to choose a player to give a point to until someone wins. This is a bit odd in games that might have more than two players in it, as if you loop burnouts like this, you essentially get to decide which of the other players gets to win. though I'd imagine that this whole situation should be pretty rare. Back to the draw phase, though. At the end of this step, each player's rune pool is emptied. With the opening phase is done, we can move into the main phase of the turn, the action phase. There is no real structure set in place for this phase. Players can take any number of discretionary actions that they'd like to while they are in the neutral open state. This can involve playing cards, casting spells, moving units, triggering showdowns or combats, etc. When a player has no more discretionary actions that they would like to or can do, then they will enter the end phase. In the end phase, all this turn effects will expire simultaneously. All marked damage from units will be cleared, all rune pools will be emptied, and players will perform a cleanup. This is basically a situation where the players review the board to see if any actions need to be taken. For example, after an item is resolved on the chain or after a showdown is completed, units no longer in combat will lose their attacker or defender status. Any unit with damage made that exceeds their might is killed and sent to the trash. Similarly, all hidden cards will be removed from the battlefield which do not have units belonging to their controller on them and will be placed into the trash as well. Another example of cleanup is to check if there are any battlefields currently being occupied by two players. For example, if a spell moves a unit onto a battlefield controlled by an opponent, the cleanup would note that a showdown needs to occur, which would be described by saying that combat is pending. If multiple battlefields have pending combats or showdowns, the turn player will choose which order to resolve them in. Now, to get into the more complicated topics in the game, that being things like chains and showdowns, we need to start with what it means to be a relevant player. This just means that they are allowed to act during the window of opportunity that occurs during a chain or a showdown. If a player is relevant, they will remain relevant until the effects that made them relevant end. For example, if they are made relevant during a chain in a showdown, they will stay relevant until the showdown ends rather than the chain that made them relevant. Players can be made relevant if they are involved in the combat that is occurring. If there is no combat, then all players are relevant. What this means in practice is more clear in larger games. For example, in a three-player game, if there's a combat taking place between players A and B, then player C cannot get involved. However, that can be changed if they are invited into things. The active player can choose a player who isn't relevant in the current chain or showdown and give them permission to interact instead of themselves in what is considered to be a limited action. That said, the invited player can refuse the invitation and choose to not be made relevant. But if they do accept, they must be able to play a card or activate an effect in that timing. Once they accept, they will remain a relevant player until the chain or showdown ends fully. So that's what it means to be relevant and to have permission to play. Let's get into chains. Now, a chain is created whenever a card or ability is activated. They will exist in the process of being played and remain cued until they are resolved fully. If a card would begin to be played while a chain exists, they are added to that chain. Notably, if the card creating the chain is a permanent, no player receives priority until it actually resolves and is on the board. When a player creates a chain, they become the first active player, meaning that they can play a legal or relevant spell or activate an ability. Typically, it will need to have an action or reaction keyword. If the relevant player can't or chooses not to add anything else to the chain, the active player status is then passed to the next relevant player in turn order. This continues until all relevant players have passed their action without adding to the chain. I mentioned activated abilities a moment ago, but triggered abilities are a bit unique here. If they are triggered by an action while a chain is in progress, they will become the most recent item on the chain without affecting the order of the active players. This also makes the controller of the triggered ability a relevant player. Once all this is done, the chain will resolve. The last spell or ability added to the chain is activated and resolves first, which can activate triggered abilities which will be added to the chain. Once a card resolves, a cleanup is performed and the next most recent item on the chain is noted. The controller of that card becomes the active player and all relevant players can add to the chain once again, which will continue on loop until the chain is empty. To simplify, each time a link on the chain is resolved, players have the opportunity to add another effect to the chain. This will continue until no one decides to add anything and the full chain resolves. For players familiar with other TCGs, this ironically is more similar to Magic the Gathering stack than Yu-Gi-Oh's chain mechanic. And again, if there is a chain, this means the game is in a closed state, and by default, other cards can't be played unless stated otherwise. If there is no chain, the game remains to be in an open state. Showdowns are effectively chains created when a battlefield is contested rather than just by playing any card. When a showdown begins, the player who contested it gains focus, while the attacking and defending players are made relevant. If the showdown is not part of a combat, all players are made relevant by default. Showdowns can begin with a new element for us, an initial chain, usually a triggered ability tied to a when I attack or when I defend condition. These will be the first abilities on the chain, and if multiple of them are triggered at once, they are added in turn order. Once the last item on the chain is resolved in a showdown, focus passes and the next relevant player gains focus and priority. This allows them to play legal spells. And from this point, things will go exactly as they did with regular chains. Now that we know how permissions and turns are structured, we can talk about actually playing cards. To play a card, you remove it from the zone that it is being played from, either your hand, the trash, wherever else, and then put it into the chain, which closes the state. spells will activate. Units will have to choose a location under your control to be placed in. And if their card requires you to select targets, you will do so here. Notably, triggered abilities of permanence need to be very specific here. For example, if a unit has a triggered ability which says, when I am played, kill a unit. You don't have to choose a target until the unit actually resolves and is on the board. And real quick, we can talk about targeting here as well. When a card chooses a specific game object to affect, it is targeted. If all of the targets become invalid or unavailable, which is a process called misargeting, the card will not be activated. But if even one of those targets remains a valid target, though, the spell will be performed with the available targets only. Notably, even if a card fails to activate be because all of their targets become invalid, it is still technically played and any relevant trigger effects will still be applied. Some effects will also have you split damage. For example, if you have a spell that said split five damage, you could choose any number of targets up to the damage being dealt. In this case, five. But you don't have to allocate the actual amount of damage until the spell or ability resolves. So, if you were to choose five units and one of those is made invalid, you can instead assign the damage as one, one, one, and two to the remaining targets if you'd like, so that no damage gets wasted. On the reverse, if somehow your spell's damage is reduced, so if you chose five targets, but now you're only dealing three damage, then you can determine which of the three targets you would still like to continue targeting. Cards also need legal targets in order to play them and must remain to be legal throughout the entire action. For example, we can look at Cruel Patron. This unit has an additional cost of killing one of your friendly units to play it. So, let's say you have just one unit on the board and they are on a battlefield. You can't both sacrifice that unit and play Cruel Patron to that battlefield as you can only play units to a battlefield that you control. And in paying the cost for Cruel Patron, you will no longer control that battlefield. Speaking of costs, if an effect allows you to ignore a cost, you set the base cost of that card to zero. The wording here is important, though. If it says ignore the cost, then no energy or power is required. However, if it specifically says ignore the energy cost or ignore the power cost, only that associated cost will be set to zero. Notably, additional costs still need to be paid as well. For example, if you are told that you can ignore the cost of Legion rear guard, then you won't need to pay its energy or power. But if you wanted to pay the additional accelerate cost to ready it when it enters, you will still need to pay the full accelerate cost without getting any discount. And you may have noticed a difference in cruel patron and accelerates costs, though. Cruel Patron doesn't say the word may, while Accelerate's costs are optional. This means you can't play Cruel Patron without killing a friendly unit, while cards with Accelerate can be played without activating this effect. Outside of ignoring and additional costs, other abilities or effects can also apply discounts or cost increases as well. While many discounting cards like Eager Apprentice will mention a limit to their reduction, if not stated, you can lower a card's cost to zero. When paying a card's standard cost, you can pay those costs in any order you'd like. For example, if you were playing Captain Faren, you could exhaust four runes and then recycle a fury rune. This means you are able to recycle one of the exhausted fury runes that was used to pay for the energy cost, effectively letting you double dip on one of those runes. And this does also extend to non-standard costs like the killing of a unit for cruel patron. Though again, you need to check legality at every step. Once a card's cost is paid, you place it as a game object based on its category. Permanence will go onto the chain and then the board. In the case of units, they will enter the board exhausted at any location of your choosing which is under your control. While gear must enter in your base specifically, though it does enter ready. When it comes to spells, they will enter on the chain and then players can react with legally timed cards as discussed earlier. But spells have a bit more of a complicated legality to them. A really interesting case is if a target becomes invalid while a spell is on the chain and then becomes valid again. In that case, it will become a legal target. For example, if a spell targets a unit at a battlefield, but a player reacts with a spell that moves that unit to the base, it would become an invalid target. But if another player reacts with a spell to move it back to the battlefield, then the original spell will resolve normally. However, some events can make the game stop seeing a game piece as the same object. specifically if the unit changes zones to or from a nonboard zone and then returns to the original zone. So while the previous example had the unit staying on the board the whole time, if that unit was to leave the board and then return, it would not be considered the same object. For example, if a unit is bounced back to hand and then an effect brought them back to the original position, because it went to a non board zone, your hand, it no longer is considered the same unit, even if it is physically the same card. The traits of a card also need to remain legal throughout a spell being resolved. Let's say a card can target an exhausted enemy unit at a battlefield with three or less might. If any of those details change, it is no longer a legal target. For example, if it is no longer exhausted, no longer an enemy, no longer a unit, no longer at a battlefield, or if its might is brought above three. But the spell will still resolve all separate effects. The card void seeker reads, "Deal four damage to a unit at a battlefield. Period. Draw one." So even if the unit is removed from the battlefield and the damage is dodged, the draw effect is completely separate. And so the player using Void Seeker can still draw a card. Effectively, if instructions can't be followed either because of illegal targets or circumstances, then they are ignored. But instructions that can be partially followed are followed as much as possible and ignored otherwise. So Scrapyard Champion has a legion effect that says, "When you play me, discard two, then draw two." If the player's hand is empty, they will ignore the instructions to discard two, but will still draw two. If they had one card, then they would discard just the one and then still draw two. And lastly, if a spell checks a detail of a card and that card is removed, the check will be understood as zero. For example, last breath readies a friendly unit and then deals damage equal to its might to an enemy unit at a battlefield. Let's imagine you readied your scrapyard champion. It should then deal five damage to a second unit. But if the scrapyard champion is returned to the hand, Last Breath will attempt to check its might, see that there's nothing there, and then deal zero damage as a result. Now, similar to spells, we have abilities. These are the rules and capabilities of game objects and spells, and they come in multiple forms: passive abilities, replacement effects, activated abilities, and triggered abilities. And naturally, a card can have more than one or even multiple types of abilities on it. Passive abilities are conditions, rules, constraints, or statements that affect regular play, and they will appear as factual statements. For example, things like friendly yortles at my battlefield have shield. Passive abilities can also be conditional, which you will see with if or while statements. For example, if an opponent controls a battlefield, I enter ready. These effects on permanence are typically only active while the permanent is on the board. However, you might see them as effects outside of the board as well. For example, if you have a card in hand that says, "Play me only during an opponent's turn. On to replacement effects. These are abilities that change or alter how another game effect or rule is applied." This isn't exactly an exclusive type of effect, though, as both passive and triggered abilities can be replacement effects as well. The easy way to know if something isn't a replacement effect is to look for the word instead in the rules text. For example, Zonia's hourglass says the next time a friendly unit would die, kill this instead. We call that unit exhausted. Basically, the death mechanic is replaced by the instead. Here, if one or more replacement effects apply in the same event, then the owner of the object being acted on decides the order that those replacement effects will be applied. The same is true if the thing being acted on is a player. However, if an uncontrolled battlefield is the affected object, then the current turns player decides the order instead. Activated abilities are repeatable effects that have a cost on a card. Their activation functions identically to playing a card normally in that you declare that you will use the ability, pay the cost, and then a chain is created. Activated abilities are divided into two parts which are separated by a colon in the rules text. The part of the ability before the colon is the cost, while the part after is the effect. For example, let's take a look at Raven Born to. This is a gear with an activated ability. The cost before the colon asks you to exhaust Raven Born to Meanwhile, the effect after the colon says that your next spell will deal one bonus damage. In most cases, activated abilities will be found on permanent cards which are on the board and typically all activated abilities can only be used on the controlling player's turn during an open state. Finally, triggered abilities are repeatable effects which happen when a specific condition is met. You will find that these abilities have when or at in their rules text. For example, when you conquer or at your end step. Once the condition is met, the triggered ability will be placed on the chain. And notably, unlike activated abilities, this can happen in an open or closed state. If multiple triggered abilities happen simultaneously, the controller of those cards chooses the order to put them on the chain. If multiple players separately control triggered abilities, which happen at the same time, then the turn players cards are placed on the chain first and then proceed in turn order. With that done, our next topic will be game actions, of which there are two main types, discretionary actions and limited actions. Discretionary actions may be performed at any time during a player's turn in a neutral open state, and a player can take any number of these actions so long as they can pay the cost and meet the conditions to do so. Put simply, they are actions that you can take at your discretion. A limited action is a game action that a spell, ability, or circumstance of the turn's progression causes the player to perform. They are actions that you are limited on in that you can't just do them whenever you want. For example, drawing a card will happen naturally in the draw step. However, you can't just grab a card from the top of your deck whenever you feel like it. Now that we know the types of game actions, let's look at the actual actions that we can be taken. First, as I mentioned, we have draw. taking the top card of your main deck and adding it to your hand. As we talked about earlier in the video, if you try to draw a card while the deck is empty, then you will burn out, shuffling your trash back into the deck, giving an opponent a point, and then drawing as normal. Exhaust is an action that marks a non-spel game object as spent is represented by this symbol on cards. We physically represent this in the game, though, by turning the card 90° so that it is horizontal. If Riftbound is your first card game, you may be confused to hear people calling this action tapping the card, but this is just a holdover from a similar effect in Magic the Gathering. If a unit is exhausted, they cannot be exhausted again. Typically, the cases in which a card will be exhausted include one, when a unit is placed on the board, two as a means of paying some type of cost, or three, as a result of a spell or ability specifically exhausting that target. Ready is effectively the opposite of exhausted. A readied game object is available for action and they will be oriented vertically. Recycle is an action that takes one or more cards from a zone and then places them on the bottom of their corresponding deck. Main deck cards go to the bottom of the main deck while runes go to the bottom of the rune deck. Notably, there is a bit of a rules difference when recycling more than one card at a time depending on the deck. If there are two or more cards that are recycled to the main deck at the same time, they will be placed at the bottom in a random order. However, if you are recycling runes to the rune deck, you can choose the order. Move is the action of taking a game object from one location and placing it into a new one. This is a limited action. Players can only move game objects when instructed to do so by game effects or as part of paying a cost. However, units all have the inherent ability, the standard move. This is a discretionary action which can be done by exhausting one or more units to move them. Hide or hiding is the action of playing a card face down at a battlefield that you control. And like the standard move, this is also discretionary. The hidden keyword allows a player to pay a cost to hide a card at any time that it appears on a card in their hand. Cards that are face down at battlefields have their properties and permissions defined by the effects that put them there. For example, a card that a player hides through the hidden keyword can be played for zero energy on any subsequent turns as a result of the hidden keyword. On top of that, if a faceown card would be put into a zone whose privacy is private or secret, or if the game ends, that card must be revealed to all players. Discarding is the action of taking a card from your hand and placing it directly into the trash. The player who is discarding has the ability to choose which card is being sent. Stun is an action which has you select a unit or units on the board and stun them. A stunned unit does not contribute its might to damage in combat, even if it is present at the battlefield. Reveal is the action of showing a card to all players from a zone that one or more players don't typically have access to. For example, if a card says, "Reveal the top card of your deck," or "Reveal a card from your hand." This is a temporary state, and players can only reveal cards from private or secret zones when instructed to do so through game effects. That said, the word reveal is very important there, as this rule only applies specifically when we are calling it revealing. However, players can choose to show private information to one or more players at any time. This wouldn't be considered revealing unless it is part of a card's effect, as it could potentially trigger other effects otherwise. Notably, this refers to private information and not secret information. So, you could show an opponent a card from your hand and that would be technically fine, but the top of your deck is not something you can just show randomly. Counter or countering is the act of negating the execution, activation, or otherwise playing of a card by a player. If a card is countered, they will lose their effects will not be considered to be played and then will be sent to the trash. And of course, the cost or additional cost paid to play that card that was countered will not be refunded. Buff or buffing is done by placing a buff counter onto a unit. Notably, the buff itself is also considered to be an object and could be targeted with relevant effects. A unit can only have one buff counter on them. So if a buffed unit would be buffed again, nothing happens. Banish is another keyword which places a card from any zone into the banishment zone. Banishing is not a subset of killing or discarding and is an entirely separate form of removal. Notably, cards and effects can refer to cards that were banished by the same object, but separate instances of an object or effect. Banishing cards do not reference other banished cards by objects of the same name. That was word salad. So, let's simplify it. Let's say you play a spell that says banish the top card of your main deck. When you conquer this turn, draw it. If you play multiple copies of this effect, each triggers separately, and each card will draw separately. This means that if the turn ends without the player conquering and retrieving the banish card, that card will be banished indefinitely. And even if they play another copy of that spell, it wouldn't be able to return all of the banish cards to hand after that turn. Kill is the action of a permanent going from the board to the trash, which can be either active or passive. An active kill is instructed by a game effect or cost for an ability, while a passive kill is the result of lethal damage or as a consequence of any other state. Moving into the trash is only considered to be a kill if its origin was from any zone on the board. On top of that, despite moving to the trash, this action is not actually technically considered to be a move. Adding is the effect of putting resources into a player's rune pool. If a spell or ability adds resources like this, it happens immediately and cannot be reacted to. If an ad ability has the reaction tag, it can be used in response to playing another card to pay for that card's cost, which is what we see on the six seal cards, for example. and channel refers to taking the top card of your rune deck and putting it onto the board. All right, now let's get into some of the more important actions being movement, combat, and scoring. Moving is a limited action involving a permanent changing its position from any space on the board to another unless it is caused by a corrective recall. Essentially, if it isn't legal for a unit to be on a spot, it will be forced back into the base. That's a corrective recall. For example, units can't move to a battlefield that already has two other players present, which of course is only relevant in games with three or more players. If a unit is sent to a battlefield with two or more other players, they will be recalled to the base instead. Moving is instant. There's no state between locations for the permanent that is being moved, meaning they are either at their origin before moving or at their destination after it. Moving also doesn't use the chain and can't be reacted to, though it can of course cause a showdown to begin depending on where you are moving to. Speaking of which, if a unit is moved to an empty battlefield, a showdown is open. However, if there are units belonging to other players at that point, then it will cause a combat. After either of which points, a cleanup will occur. But back to recalls real quick. A recall is when a permanent changes location without being a move. As such, it does not trigger things triggered by the move action and can't be restricted by effects that block movement. Gear can also be recalled. Anytime a gear finds itself at a battlefield for any reason, it will be recalled to its controller base in the next cleanup. Speaking of cleanup, if a cleanup happens and the game sees units belonging to two separate players on a battlefield, then a combat begins between those players. And remember, combat can only occur between two players. and anything that would cause more than two players to enter a combat are made invalid and ineligible. If an effect would require a unit to be played at a battlefield with a pending or active combat where the controller of the unit is not a participant, that unit is played into the controller's base instead. If more than one battlefield has units controlled by opposing players, the turn player decides which combat will resolve first. Notably, if a pending combat stops pending before the steps of combat begin, then that combat is not resolved or executed. But let's say that combat does begin. Let's start talking about the steps of combat. The showdown step begins by, as the name suggests, opening a showdown and establishing the attacker and the defender. The attacker is the person who applied the contested status to the battlefield, i.e. typically the one who is moving their units onto the battlefield. Once an attacker and defender have been established, we can apply the static combat abilities. For example, checking if attacking units have assault or defending units have shield and then modulating their values accordingly. Following that, an initial chain is created if any relevant units have when I attack or when I defend triggers. If this does happen, the state closes. If it doesn't, the showdown becomes an open state as normal. As we enter the combat damage step, attackers and defenders resolve combat damage at the battlefield by using their current might. You will calculate the total sum of all attacking and defending units and then take notes of those numbers. Starting with the attacker, each player distributes an amount of damage equal to the total might to the other players units. However, if a unit has the tank keyword present, lethal damage must be dealt to them before other units can be selected to receive damage. As a rule, units need to be dealt lethal damage in full before damage can be assigned to another unit. Though, as I said, tanks will force you to select them as a priority. If multiple units have tank or similar abilities, then the relevant player can assign damage to those units in any order. Once this is complete, we enter the resolution step. Units that were marked for lethal damage are removed. In the event that somehow both attacking and defending players remain at the battlefield, then the attacking units are recalled. The battlefield is considered conquered if no defending units remain while attacking units still do. If that happens, control of the battlefield is exchanged. And following this, the contested status of the battlefield is cleared, and all marked damage from units is removed from all locations. Now that we know how to attack, how to conquer, and how combat works, we can talk about scoring. A player can score points in two ways. First is by conquering, taking control of a battlefield that they did not yet score that turn. Second is by holding, which effectively means controlling a battlefield during their beginning phase. That said, each battlefield can only grant a player one point each turn, regardless of the method. Also, the final point of the game has its own restrictions. If a player tries to earn their final point through conquering, the rules change a little bit. If they scored on every battlefield through either method this turn, then they can earn their final point from conquering. However, if they haven't scored on every battlefield, they'll instead draw a card. That said, any alternate form of earning points can still earn you your final point. For example, through Trendir Barbarians effect, once a player earns the needed amount of points, typically eight, they will win the game. But that isn't always the case. So, let's talk about the alternate modes of playing Riftbound. These are the formats or game modes, and they include things like the number of players, if there are teams, the number of battlefields, and the number of points that you need to win the game. The most basic way to play the game is a 1v one duel. This is a best of one format where the first player to reach eight points is declared the winner. Each player will provide three battlefields, which will be included in their deck list, though not part of their actual deck during the game. Of these, one will be randomly selected from each player and placed into their respective battlefield zone. To start the game, the player going second will channel an extra rune during the first channel of the game. And so, they will start with three runes while the player who goes first only has two. One v one matches are basically the same, however, you are playing a best of three rather than just one. You'll play the first game, the winner of which will get one point, and then move on to the second. However, when choosing which battlefields to use this time, you will not be able to use the battlefield that was selected in the first round. So, each player will randomly choose from the two that they have remaining. If things go to round three, the final battlefield each player provided will be used. Otherwise, all the same rules. Our next format is called skirmish, and this is a three-player free-for-all. Again, each player provides three battlefields, and one will be randomly selected from each pile. This mode slightly differs in how the first round is played though as the first player does not draw this time on their first turn. Meanwhile, whoever is going third gets the extra rune, and the second player essentially plays normally, drawing a card on their first turn and only channeling two on the first turn. War is the four player free-for-all format. This one adds yet another difference. While each player still provides a randomly chosen battlefield, the player who goes first will remove their battlefield from the game. So, despite having four players, we will only be using three battlefields. Other than that, the first player still doesn't draw, and the last player gets extra starting runes. The second and third players play as normal. And our final format is Magma Chamber, a 2v2 game mode. This mode is played to 11 points, and just like war, we will be using three battlefields selected in the same way. We will also be using the same first round mechanics as war as well. No draw for the first player and an extra rune for the last player. Where things differ a little bit is turn order as the turn player will alternate between teams. Team A, team B, team A, team B, and then looping. But this mode adds a few unique rules as well. Players can cast spells during their teammates's turn. You will only score points during your own control battlefield during the beginning step, not your partners. On top of that, control is not shared. You can't hide cards at battlefields controlled by your teammates, nor can you typically move your teammates's units. However, if a card targets a friendly unit, you can target your teammates cards. Notably, your hand is still private. You can openly say whatever you want, but you can't actually show your teammate your hand. Lastly, the final point has a bit of a change as well. If you are getting your final point by conquering, you must score each battlefield in the same turn with the exception of battlefields occupied by your teammate at the turn's beginning phase. Now that we know the different ways that you can play the game, let's talk about how not to play the game with conceding. Players can give up at any time and when they do so, they are removed from the game. If there is only one player remaining, that player wins. If not, the player who conceds removes themselves from any showdowns, banishes all of their permanence and runes from the game, and on top of that, their battlefield is also removed from the game. If that battlefield was being used, replace it with a token with no abilities. However, any hidden cards at that location being removed do not get transferred to the token. After that's all done, proceed with the game as usual. Okay. From here, we're going to talk about layers. Layers are the system in which game effects will alter the traits, intrinsic abilities, or properties of a game object. Basically, anytime multiple effects are applying to one object, layers will give you clarity on how they will work. In general, there are three layers: trait altering effects, ability altering effects, and arithmetic. Trait altering effects deal with granting, removing, or replacing inherent traits of a game object. These include things like name, super type, type, tags, controller, cost, and domain. Assignment of might is also dealt with in this layer. This specifically refers to effects that say a unit's might becomes X for the turn rather than saying things like a unit gains one might. Another trait altering effect is one game object becoming a copy of another, in which case all traits and rules text is replaced or added to the original object as specified by the effect being used. Trait altering effects can be noted by phrases like becomes, gives, is, or are. For example, an ability saying something like other friendly units are yortals. The next layer is ability altering effects. This layer deals with granting, removing, and replacing the abilities or rules text of game objects. These include keywords, passive abilities, appending or removing rules text, or duplicating rules text from one game object to another. These effects can be identified with things like becomes, gives, loses, have, has, is, or are in their text. For example, other friendly units have ganking. And our final layer is arithmetic, which deals with increasing or decreasing numerical values of the traits on game objects. Things like might, energy costs, or power cost. This one is pretty straightforward. If more than one effect applies to the same object in the same layer, then both will apply, but the order will be determined by dependency. A dependency is created in the following circumstances. Applying one of the effects alters the existence of another. applying one of the effects alters the number of objects that the other can influence or if applying one of the effects alters the outcome when applying the other. If multiple effects apply to the same layer but no dependency is made, then they are simply applied in the order of being played. Oldest first, newest last. And lastly, let's talk about keywords and anything else you might need to know before playing. I'll put these in alphabetical order so that it will be easy to find whatever you're looking for. Keywords are abilities that appear on cards as shorthand for specific effects or abilities, which are great for established players, but can be overwhelming for new ones. You can see keywords on cards as having colored highlights behind them. Accelerate is a unit ability which states that when you play that unit, you can pay one energy and one power as an additional cost to ready them when they enter. This cannot be paid after the unit has already been placed on the board and can only be used when paying the card's cost to play it. Action is a permissive keyword which can be found on a variety of cards. Action allows the cards to be played or activated during showdowns, even if it isn't the controlling player's turn. However, cards with the ability are not restricted to showdowns only and can be played at any time those cards or abilities could normally be used as well. Assault is a passive keyword for units that will always be followed by a numerical value. If you don't see a number, the assault value is one. While that unit is attacking, it will gain might equal to the assault number. For example, assault 3 gives three might. If a unit with assault is granted another instance of assault, the values are added together. Death Nell is a triggered ability on permanence that activates when the permanent dies. It will be written as death nail dash and then the relevant effect to be triggered when that unit is killed. Each death nail on a card will trigger separately if they have multiple and the controller of that card will choose the order in which they are used. Deflect is a passive ability formatted the same way that assault is being followed by a numerical value. Deflect says that spells and abilities an opponent controls that target a unit with deflect must pay an amount of power equal to the deflect value as an additional cost. So if you target a card with deflect 2, you will need to pay two power. Now notably the power required to pay this extra cost is not any specific domain and any power can be used to fulfill it. Similar to assault, if a unit with deflect is granted more deflect, the totals are just added together. Ganking is a passive ability on a unit which allows them to move from one battlefield to another. This ability is an added permission to the standard move ability that all units have. Hidden is something we covered a bit earlier, but I'll repeat it here. This is a prerequisite keyword to hide a card, which can be seen on some spells, units, and gear. The hidden keyword says that rather than pay for the normal cost of a card, you can pay one power to play that card face down at a battlefield that you control that doesn't already have a card hidden there. Starting on the next player's turn, that hidden card gains a reaction ability, allowing you to play it while ignoring its base cost, so long as the timing and targets are legal. Notably, a hidden card can still be played for its normal cost at any normal timing that it could be used at with no further restrictions on targeting. Legion is a conditional keyword which becomes active if you have played another main deck card earlier in that turn. Reaction, like action, is a permissive keyword which allows you to play a card or ability during closed states on any player's turn. Shield is a static ability on units that is written with a numerical value after it in a similar way to assault and deflect. And additional sources of shield will add to this value in the same way as those keywords. This activates when the unit is a defender and increases their might by the shield value. Tank is a passive ability on units that makes it so that that unit must be assigned lethal damage before another unit that player controls can be targeted for combat damage. If multiple tanks are present, the opposing player can assign damage to either of them freely, but non-tank units still can't be targeted for damage. Vision is a triggered ability on permanence that says, "When you play this, look at the top card of your main deck and then you can recycle it if you'd like to. If multiple cards with vision are all triggered at once, the instances of vision will be applied separately and do not stack into one action. This means if you choose to not recycle the first card on the first instance of vision, you will effectively continue to look at the same card in the future iterations unless you change your mind and do decide to recycle it. But that is the entirety of the core rule book summarized and explained. With this in hand, you should be pretty much able to understand every part of the game and you are officially ready to play. This took quite a long time to go through everything, so if you enjoyed, remember to leave a like and subscribe. it would be very much appreciated.
