Title: Should League of Legends Release New Summoner Spells?
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTrCU8Ao-Xc

Content:
What’s up guys it’s me Jeremy! One of the things that really helped set League
of Legends apart from DOTA in it’s early days was the existence of summoner spells. It was an original mechanic that added a lot
of flexibility and gave players some tools that they could use to deal with being hard
countered by an enemy champion, and this helped keep a lot of different champions viable. For example, being up against a high burst
assassin might be a death sentence for an AP caster - but the existence of spells like
Flash, Barrier and Exhaust can introduce ways for players to potentially deal with those
threats. At the same time, summoner spells open up
the ability to build on the strengths of your champion - like giving bonus damage in the
form of Ignite, or allowing you to quickly reinforce other lanes using Teleport with
a champion that is usually quite immobile. Now we know that Riot can get pretty creative
with the mechanics that they build into new champions, so there is definitely the potential
for them to do the same for summoner spells. After all, we’ve had the current lineup
for a long time, and that can lead to them feeling quite stale. There are only 10 spells available for use
on Summoner’s Rift, and a couple of those never see use. Which leaves us with around 7-8 usable spells
- one of which is pretty much always going to be Flash or Ghost. Riot has done a pretty good job giving each
Summoner Spell a niche, competitive use, but even so it can often feel like the list is
extremely short, leaving a lot of room to add some more value to the game. And since you are kind of forced to take Flash
or Ghost as one of your two, the actual amount of options and decisions you have with summoner
spells is really much more limited than it looks on paper. One of the most promising ways to introduce
new summoner spells could be to go down the role-exclusive path. Currently the only true ‘role exclusive’
summoner spell is Smite, which is incredibly powerful to the point where junglers will
never run without it. On the surface, Smite is pretty simple, giving
junglers a way to finish off an objective with one powerful spell. However, Riot has used Smite as the foundation
to build a lot of bonus, role-exclusive value into the jungle position. Because no other roles are going to use Smite,
Riot can add in interactions for junglers, without worrying about balancing them around
other roles that might try and exploit one of those mechanics. The existence of these bonus Smite mechanics
and jungler items that require you to have smite has allowed jungling to become much
more complex and diverse, making it a more compelling gameplay experience without the
risk of influencing other roles. Now imagine if every role had it’s own summoner
spell - it could lead to some really exciting gameplay without some of the balance issues
that can creep up as a result of other roles abusing items or mechanics that weren’t
intended for use by them. Of course, whether these hypothetical new
summoner spells were role-exclusive or just fresh new mechanics for use by everyone, there
are definite downsides that should be mentioned. For starters, summoner spells have proven
to be extremely difficult to balance. In the past, summoner spells have undergone
a ton of changes, and on multiple occasion spells have been completely removed because
Riot struggled to find a healthy place for them in the game. Although changes that prevent the game becoming
stale are always welcome, that doesn’t mean it’s a good idea to make changes for the
sake of making changes, and that means any new summoner spells ideally would need to
provide an elegant solution that fills an existing gap in the game. Simply providing yet another alternate choice,
probably won’t be good enough for the new spell to succeed. This ties in with another potential drawback
- complexity. Although this isn’t a huge issue for conventional
summoner spells, any role-exclusive spells would likely be either extremely important
when it comes to success in that role, or they would be interactive outside of just
the spell itself - like being tied into role-exclusive items for example. Not only is that confusing for new players,
but it would introduce massive shifts in focus for players that are used to having a little
more personal control over their playstyles. Since Flash is almost too value to run without
on most champions, role-exclusive summoner spells would likely take away the pre-game
choice of selecting that second summoner spell completely, making the other current summoner
spells pretty obsolete, kind of how they are obsolete for junglers already. You could technically argue that this is already
the case, and that the existing spells already feel mandatory in most situations. Flash or Ghost are selected 95% of the time,
and the rest of the time your role will already usually decide which spell you’ll use - like
Teleport on most top laners or Heal on an ADC. Typically only mid laners really have consistent
decisions over which spell they want to use alongside Flash, which is pretty bad considering
summoner spells were created to give flexibility in the first place. Perhaps that means the problem lies more with
the existing spells, rather than the lack of new ones. So far we haven’t really mentioned Riot’s
stance on summoner spells, but we have a quote from Ghostcrawler that really sums up my perspective
on things and I definitely agree with him. He mentioned that Riot would much rather have
a small, equally viable pool of summoner spells rather than loads of options that aren’t
ever used. It doesn’t matter so much to Riot that not
every spell is a huge gamechanger like Flash or Ignite, as long as the other spells are
still relevant in the right circumstances. Ghostcrawler went on to say that it’s definitely
possible that one day someone will come up with a great idea for a new summoner spell,
but it would have to be good enough to compete with the current lineup too. Essentially he’s saying that Riot are open
to the possibility in the future, but every change on this scale does introduce a lot
of risk so as a result, it’s not a big priority for them - and besides, it won’t do anything
to solve the current lack of diversity issues anyway! Now personally, I love what Riot has done
with Smite, and the way the jungle role is designed around it, and I’d love to see
something similar happen to other roles, and summoner might be a way to do that, but there
are also other options to have that gameplay without forcing summoner spells on a role,
with support quests being an example of that. So although there is a lot of untapped potential
for summoner spells, it’s tough to say if adding new ones is or isn’t the right call
to expand the diversity of builds and playstyles. But it does seem that Riot likely won’t
be adding any new ones for quite some time.
