Title: Buffed Lich Bane Ahri Does INSANE Damage
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-pAbQH-taM

Content:
So before I start the YouTube video, I want to make sure you guys understand that lich pane is a really great item. It's better, way better than shadow flame. Gives better stats and this is your go-to item if you want to play for one shot and basically do a lot of damage. But it doesn't mean that you should build this every game into certain comp. For example, if they have a lot of melees, then cosmic drive has way more value, giving you the HP to make sure you don't die from random stuff or this movement speed is really nice. And on top of that, this is very nice and gives you a lot of haste. So into melee comps, this is way better cuz lit bane is not going to do anything. Even if you're 5% more AP, you're still going to do five more damage to tanks, which does nothing. And also, if you're playing something against something like Synindra, Kiana, those champion that wants to one-shot you, having some extra HP will survive and help you more in the long term than having leech bane. Uh other cases are if you have really nice setups in your team and you don't have to be the one engaging for your team which if you have to engage then this is better but if you don't have to engage then for examp you can go this for more damage and follow up like your secondary engage and that concludes how you should buy this bane or cosmic and don't buy shadow flame or proto. Thank you. Bye-bye. My greatest >> 6820. I did a new thing and actually I have new strategy guys. I bang at the song actually. ourselves at our limit. An ally has been slain. >> An enemy has been slain. Enemy double kill. trust your instinct. Face your trial. In every challenge the chance to rise above it. An ally has been slain. Always move forward. Vega is sleeping. He has to farm somewhat. use for these. I say that my W is so bad. I hit it become better. Nice. Now we're back next. This is so good. Look at the wave. I die to this is crazy. I agreed that I was fine. My bad. Oh my. I agreed. [ __ ] I'm greedy for no reason. I want to chunk him and get out after Ari. No, I just had a free lane in the face. That can't be useless. I really hate dragon for my make HP so broken though. >> Okay. It does escape bad. My full potential remains to be seen. Enemy kill. I paid my channel free. This is [ __ ] I could b him. I shall unwise. Your turret has destroyed. An ally has been slain. has been slain. invigorating. I'm really getting strong. That's good. An ally has been slain. An enemy has been slain. An enemy has been slain. Shut down. Both this game to be honest both is fine. I could go could go S just need to play around it. I don't know, man. >> Actually, this fine. It's fine. That's all. Enmy turret has been destroyed. Enemy has been slain. Enmy has been slain. Feel shut down. They want some >> I'm going to regret it later against Vega. I am free. An ally has been slain. Failure deceased. >> An ally been slain. An enemy has been slain. >> I need to make sure I don't engage ever first. with harmony. Everyone enmy has been slain. An enmy has been slain. You have slain an enemy. An enemy has been slain. Okay. in every battle. Killing. They deserve with his full strength. Heat. Heat. Everyone will learn my way. Awes. [sighs] I wish they would pass could be insta rather than billion [ __ ] years, man. Others turn their hopes into our victory. I'm grateful he showed me the way. and is most difficult matchup. An enemy has damage. An enemy has been slain. Failure to teamret. All who still believe. >> Your team has destroyed a turret. An ally has been slain. >> Oh, this Enmy has been chaos. An enemy has been slain. An enemy has been slain. >> Nice. I don't want to end yet though. team. >> All right. So, I'll be explaining how you play to Vagar. I mean, I didn't play good this lane, but So, the thing is you have to keep my in mind is his early game is very weak as a Vagar. Um I think everyone knows that before he gets six he's not as strong as he can be and the things you have to play around is his Q W E CDs. So this you don't care as much you can dodge his W surely right. So that whatever this and this is very important especially level one Q is very important to keep track of. So the first thing you have to do understand is the moment he uses Q you have windows to punish. I could have done one more auto to pressure up, especially with a new season, new new changes on the wave. I can actually just auto a bit more. I think I agreed a bit. I didn't auto as much. And that actually leads me to not getting level two as I cuz this should be at least two more minion, one more minion alive for me to get actually level two versus level one cuz now he only needs a melee to get level two, which is not that great. And here I get level two, right? But I don't I can't punish as much as I could and I'm in a pressure to punish him before he gets level two. And obviously here this is bad attention here. I don't have to walk up. This is bad walk up. I just have to play with the melee minion and then I can punish. But regardless of that, I still have the prior and I'm still stronger than him. Every trade, even a bad trade can be good for us because in the long term, he doesn't really win the trade. So, as you can see, like I still have the HP, mana advantage, and obviously as potion, but that doesn't help anything. And I could probably punish a bit more in terms of um kill uh in the in the CS department. I end up getting jungle leaving. So here what should I have done? I should have press B. This is just greedy of me. I should press B. Get crystal boots and no crystal dark seed and refillable is probably a nice buy. You could also opt for crystal boots and refill. But the only thing you can't skip is crystal because you would need mana to actually threaten him. Otherwise, you would just go to before you can do anything. Let's get it get in a second. He I mean his jung I should have based so my bad greeted and here my jungle did really insane. He forced Vega flash and he also got me really really really chunked which enables me to just hold this wave and have a really nice wave state here. Right. But obviously um I might have tried to trade when the waves is crashing and also ate everything and on top of that instead of backing off I went for a stupid mistake that is trying to chunk him before I base like yeah I wanted to charm him I don't think I would die get to last minion get out make him like half HP it's very copium bad play no excuse even I do mistakes so you know it'd be fine to do mistakes be fine with them and learn to improve and here I still focus right I still find it insane angle. Good poke. And now we kind of still back. We're still fighting to the game, right? We got a good chunk. And now the wave is pushing into me. I can hold the wave. And whoa, good for me. My jung my my support is around. So we can play this 2v2. I know I'm stronger, right? I flash forward. I dodge it. And really nice angle from us. And we're just out from there. No, we got a pipe flash. Perfect. I keep this review short. I have still some stuff to do. So I hope you enjoy this short review. And yeah, I see you on the next video. Bye-bye. If you want access to the mid lane fundamentals where be explaining level one lane trade, lane bully usage, anything you can think of really, and it's called the paying view series. I'll be adding more in the future. There's also ar matchup yodies where you have certain matchup that you might be looking for and I'll be also adding it slowly but surely every day. There's general match up tips where I'll be showing you casing you what you can pick into Oriana for example and the tips into her champion level spike and item spikes. And if you want even more detail for example I have something like Ari matchup where we explain in even more detail what you do in every single waves and the trade pattern and the goal of the matchup. There's also some for Aurora and Synindra and Eex etc. To access this you just have to click on the there's going to be a button they can click on or in the description. And thank you so much for watching this video and I really hope that you enjoyed it and I see you guys on the next time.
