Title: 100 Game Changing Yone Tips (Learn EVERYTHING!)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oFJw7QsLto

Content:
So, I've compiled 100 tips for Yon and all things to do with Yon. If you don't know me, I've been the best Yon player on the server since his release, constantly achieving a thousand LP and top 50 of Challenger. This video will go over everything about Yon, including rune tips, ability tips, matchup tips, general tips, and more. A lot of these tips will be quite obvious, but there will be more advanced tips here, too, and hoping everyone learns something new. So, let's get right into it. Yo, I just want to let you guys know that my ultimate Yasu and Yon Bible have been completely finished. And basically, these bibles will give you every single thing you could think of to master Yasu and Yon, ranging from champ goals, every single rune and item build, early, mid, late game, and what most people love the most. A complete spreadsheet of 108 matchups for both champions, showcasing how to burst the champ, how hard they are on a scale of 1 to 10, their cooldowns, what items summoners and rampage take, and much more. On top of these bibles, you will also get 25% discount on any future coaching from me, and free monthly group coaching that'll be streamed live on Metify on a given date once per month. We'll unlock all of this. It'll be in the comments and description below. Hope to see you guys join the community we have there and enjoy the video. Starting off with the Yon's passive. A lot of people think you can't build more than two crit items due to 100% crit. But since Yon gets extra damage from extra crit, unlike most champs, it is completely fine. Another tip with Yon's passive is that remember every other auto does mixed damage. While ling versus an armor stacker, always try to hit a minion first to make sure you start with your mixed damage auto attack. It sounds really small, but it can actually add up. Moving on to Yon's Q. My first tip is that you can buffer all CC with third Q. What this means is as long as you use third Q as soon as you get CCD, you'll go right through it. An example of this is if you use it as soon as you get gold carded by Twisted Fate, you'll ignore the CC and still dash. Another thing with Yon Q is that his Q actually has two hit boxes, your tornado and your hitbox. So you can actually hit two people with it by flashing at the end of it. To add on to the last tip, you can actually flash the last possible second after your Q ends to catch them off guard and hit them with your hitbox. If you ever wanted to get over a wall like Baron or Dragon Wall and you didn't have third Q, simply E over the wall, Q twice, E back, third Q over to get out of tricky spots, if you're ever looking to poke early, try to queue a minion in front of the champion you're poking. Doing this will make it so you don't pull any minion aggro, which is very, very strong early game for early trading. A more advanced tip on Yon is being able to chain Q3 and ult in melee range. The way you fix this is by third queuing and flashing in place to cancel the animation and instantly ult. This will allow for clutch combos in melee range. A very good habit to pick up on Yon is using your first two Q's level one on raptors in mid lane. This allows you to have third Q available at the start of lane, which is very helpful, especially against range matchups. Another thing to note about Yon's third Q is that it can actually extend the duration of Yon's E. If you do end up using Yon's third Q to extend the E duration, you can also spam auto attack at the end, even when the E duration wears off to get that one auto up off no matter what. You should always be queuing while running away to build up your Q stacks to either turn on the enemy, get over a wall, or anything else really. A big mistake people do as Yon is rush their E, third Q combo. Instead, be patient and run at them with your E movement speed and see how they react and force them to blow their dash to guarantee hitting the Q3 instead of just RNG max ranging it. Never flash Q. Always Q flash, it is way less predictable. And my last Q tip is if you Q3 and don't have flash to cancel the animation, you can also cancel the animation by queuing into a wall and ending it faster than usual. Now, on to the W tips. My first W tip is to use W at the very end of your E since the animation is long so you can extend the duration. In a not so close fight, make sure to use W last due to it having a cast time and it being your longest range basic ability. If you use it early, it may end up losing you the kill. Another thing to remember with YonW is that you can also use it to W monsters and minions. Abuse this to survive when no enemy champions are nearby and you're affected by a damage overtime spell. Just like Q flash, you can also W flash to catch people off guard and close the gap on those low HP enemies. While trading under tower, try to Q then W while walking out of tower range so you block the tower shot with your shield while getting a big chunk on your laner. You should never waste your W when you don't need to. It's very important to use W early while last hitting only when timed with enemy harass to get as many last hits and take as little damage as possible. So many times I see people just throw the W out for no apparent reason just to get easy last hits. You can also time YW at the exact moment you get stunned since the animation will go through the CC and it acts as a self CC. Anyway, an example of this would be timing your W as a Darius Ease you to get the shield while you are CCD and dodge a lot of his damage. Now, this is probably a young tip that a lot of people don't know. Yon W hit box is actually further if you hit someone with the corner of it rather than the middle. Even I didn't know this until recently. Sometimes it's best to hold Yon W later on in the fight to bait the enemy to commit. If you leave a W in some situations, it will just scare off potential kills. The more people you hit with Yon W, the bigger the shield. That's why it's good to use it after hitting a big ulti to get the biggest shield you can. A way to fake out your third Q animation and bait out abilities like your W is to use your W when you are right next to someone with third Q. Many times the enemy will panic and blow flash or Vital ability. Now on to the tips that we have the most of Yon's E. You can use Yon's E to cancel spells like Lilia and Zo sleep even if it has hit you already simply by just snapping back to your E point. Another tip that you should be doing every single game on Yon is not wasting time in base and using your E from afar to buy your items to get to lane faster. This will save you so much CS. Another thing you should be doing with yon at you when you're ahead is stealing enemy jungle camps far away with your E. This makes it so you can counter jungle the enemy jungle and even if they appear you just E back. By far the biggest mistake people make with Yan is using E way too early. Don't put yourself on a timer and use E too early or you will lose so many kills. Another big rule of thumb is to try to time your E back while having your third Q. Doing this will help so much due to you not being a sitting duck when you come back to your E. Remember, summoner spells, damage from items, and damage to shields does not count towards your E snapback damage. So, don't get baited and think your E will kill. Yon's E has a visual Q when it is going to kill someone when you E back. It sounds simple, but some people don't know this. Sometimes it's actually beneficial to get hit by CC on purpose to extend your E duration. Example of this is allowing Camille to ult you when you are winning the fight and your E is about to run out. The yellow bar under Yon's health bar is a timer of when your E will run out. In many matchups, it is very good to save your E to dodge a Vital ability. Examples being Ireelia E or Z WQ combo. Another huge mistake people make is Eing into their turret when they getting ganked. You actually want to do the opposite since your soul body gets pushed in the opposite direction where you E. So, when getting ganked to actually E away from your turret, try to build third Q, E back, and third Q away. A way to abuse Yon's E safely is to get a deep an enemy jungle. Most champs can't do this the way Yon can, so really abuse it since there is no real risk. Another way to abuse Yon's E is to use E very far back near your turret to break a freeze. Doing this will allow you to break the freeze without putting yourself at risk of dying to a gank. Most champions cannot do this. Just like you can use Yon's E to break a freeze, you could also do the same thing to get turret plating safely while you're ahead. A good way to push your lead is to E outside of turret range and hit tower as much as you can before you back quickly W auto Q and E back. This will trip away the turret slowly while also letting a massive chunk on your laner. Again, only do this when you're very ahead. In rare situations, you could actually start E second and try to go for a big trader all-in level two. I'd only do this if the enemy is really trolling and the fight isn't even close and you need the E to chase them down. Another big use of E is to use your E for movement speed to make it in time to a wave about to crash into your turret to easily freeze the wave and give you amazing lane state. Another huge tip I have with Yon's E is to make it a rule in some matchups to not use E until they use X ability. Example of this would be don't use your E until Silos uses his E or he will just gap close away and you'll be wasting an important cool down. This is a very niche tip, but on Hex Rift, you could use your E to go into the portal to scout and get a ward behind enemy lines and easily go all the way back to your E. Almost no champions can do this other than Yon. Remember that you can still take damage on the way back from your E. So, try to make sure when you E back, there isn't anything in your way. Example being Zigz. Lastly, when someone is camping by your E point and you're low HP, run as far as you can away and even try to get your Q stacks and buy as much time as you can since the further you are, the longer it will take to go back to your E. Now, on to Yon's last ability, his ult. My first tip is that you can buffer CC with ult. But be careful. Abilities like Thresh E will change the direction of where your ult will go. Just like Yon's other abilities, remember that you can also use R at the very end of your E to massively extend the duration. A big tip on team fighting with ult is to try to third Q someone and instantly ult someone, preferably a squishy carry to get a two-man ult and pull them together. Another reason this is good is because if the second person flashes, you are still ulting the first person you hit with third Q. A huge mistake people do team fighting with Yon is leading with E into ult. This is okay sometimes if you know it's going to hit, but in situations that they have a dash or you don't know if they have flash, the enemy can simply just flash it and you end up wasting your ult and your E and leaving your team basically to fight 4v5. You should never ult when the enemy has flash or a dash and expect to hit them. Example being trying to ult a Z or Ari without their gap close being down. If hitting your ult relies on your opponent's keyboard disconnecting, it probably is a bad idea to ult. To guarantee ult landing, you have to land max range Q3 and instantly ult. Make sure to never auto between this combo or they will have time to flash it. Remember, when ulting, you will always go to the last enemy hit. Sometimes this could be bad as you could save an enemy who's overextended and ulting them to safety into their team. Yan's ult will go through any wall, even if your old will only put you halfway through it. When ulting away, try to make sure to Q3 through away from the enemy first so you can make sure they don't get in front of your ult and block your escape. Also, be careful when ulting enemies near walls since it can cause awkward moments where it puts you behind the wall and away from the enemy you want to kill. In certain matchups or to be less predictable, lead with ulti to catch your opponents off guard, but make sure you know where the enemy support and jungle are because this leaves you very vulnerable compared to E third queuing. This is very good into matchups that can easily react to your Q3 like Synra with her QE combo. You should always try to have Q3 stack before ulting in. This makes plays way safer due to if the enemy flashes or uses their ability to dodge the ulti, you can easily follow up with Q3. Also, keep in mind Yon's R hitbox is actually slightly further than what the indicator shows it to be. You can catch people off guard with this. Also, remember that Yon R can be displaced and is not unstoppable. So, take this into account against enemies that can displace you while you're ulting. Example being if Sing is about to flip you, then ult backwards to predict and still hit him. Don't be afraid to use your ulti just to get in range. You don't always have to use the ability to hit the target. And my last tip for Yon's ulti is that Yon's ulti is a blink and can go over something that Yon third Q cannot. Examples being Poppy W and Vagar E. That's about it for all of Yon's ability tips. Now, we're going to go over some general tips while playing Yon. Starting with never using Q3 into matchups that have dashes that can easily dodge it. It's better to lead with Q2 so you can follow up with Q3 after they use their gap close to catch up to them. Next, good rule of thumb for Yon and other champs is when you're ahead, you should build more defensively due to not needing as much damage and build more offensively when you're behind due to lack of damage due to other champions having more gold, which means they are tankier. Example of this would be when ahead to build Kraken into Hullbreaker and when behind build Kraken to IE. A huge tip on getting solo kills is to save ignite for the last second as soon as you're eating back. A lot of enemies will not expect to lose a massive chunk from E and then they're left with ignite to die. When going for a dive with your jungler, make sure to take aggro first and to start the dive by Eing out of tower range and going onto the enemy. The reason why this is good is because you can easily E out and instantly get out of tower range when you're about to die, whereas most champs cannot do this. In most range matchups, learn to just play for CS early and not get harassed in the first couple levels. Yon truly comes online after getting level three, so really try to not ruin your lane by getting chunked pre-level three. Now, the most important thing about Yon is to generate and be as greedy as possible. Always farm as many minions, monsters, and plating over rotating and going for pointless roams. Now, we are going to quickly go over two combos. Starting with the basic trading combo with Yon, which is the build Q3, then E, Q3, and auto between all your abilities. And the other combo, when going for a massive gap close combo, it is far better to lead with ult than Q3 than the opposite due to Q3 being way easier to land than ulti due to the low animation time. Now, we're going to be covering some room tips with Yon. Starting with bone pitting is a must-have to make a lot of lanes playable and 10 times easier. Matchups like Fizz become way simpler with bone pitting due to you having a safety net and abusing the enemy while your bone pitting is procked off. Second win is also a very vital rune and needed into heavy poke lanes like Azir and Victor for example. If you want a fun rune page on Yona at the moment, try to use electrocute. It's a very fun rune page and very good into champs that you can't proc PTA on. Think about Leblanc, Akali, things like that. Fleet is also really good into these lanes, but electrocute is way more fun. Even though Yon has shields, overgrowth is always better than revitalize since having max HP and not dying in one hit is what matters the most. The only three keystones I would take on Yona is either fleet, electrocute, or tempo. If you're below platinum, to take tempo every single game, cuz this will give you the most carry potential. When it comes to picking either flat HP or scaling HP, it's usually better to take flat HP into harder lanes like Aurora, Azir, and scaling HP into easier lanes like Vega or Relian Soul. If you don't like conditioning in easy lanes and waiting 12 minutes, you can opt into taking demolish instead to generate more gold faster and take bladings ASAP. Lastly, if you want a really early game page for Yon and as much lane pressure as possible, take shield bash. It may not scale the best, but you can easily proc it after landing W and win lanes even harder and snowball. Now, moving on to the summoner spell tips. Against super heavy bursty lanes like Zed, Renekton, Pantheon, you should always take exhaust to counterplay their point andclick CC burst. Ignite is what I would recommend especially in lower elos against non-birsty lanes. Take this to snowball hard and generate even more solo kills to carry the game. Personally, I would never go cleanse on Yon even if you're against Landre and Ramis due to the fact that Yon has so many ways to stop CC. So, just be better instead of taking cleanse. I would only recommend taking TP in higher MMRs flat plus due to it being more macro reliant summoner spell and since players are worse than lower MMRs, ignite is far superior to snowball and 1v9. Now, onto some item tips. The biggest tip that I have for items is that a lot of people will rush berserker grease, but this is actually really bad on Yona. It's a lot better to go recurve, dagger, refill pot. It's the same gold, same attack speed gives you way more damage. A big thing a lot of people think is if you're against a range champion, you go dh shield or if you're against a melee champion, you go dblade, but this is not the case. In harder melee lanes like Pantheon, Fizz, it's actually better to go dial because it gives more help. Another huge item tip with Yona is a lot of people want to rush YTL, but Yentil is not something you want to rush, especially at higher MMRs. So, if you don't have 1300 gold on your second base for the BF sword, it's going to be really awkward cuz you're going to come back to lane with a slingshot and long sword. Don't force it. It's going to throw you the game. Another bad buy that people do is just going quiver second item. So, if you have enough gold for a pickaxe and critakquiver quiver is such a bad item in terms of gold efficiency. So, make sure you don't autopilot and just buy that item. Buy the components first. A good tip if you want to be more aggressive in lane is instead of going for that vamp scepter after the recurve bow when you're building Borg, go for the pickaxe instead. It's a little bit harder because you don't have the sustain, but it's a lot more kill pressure if you play efficient. Another big thing a lot of Y players do is not finishing tier 2 boots. So, a lot of Y players would sit on tier one until they finish the full BOC because delaying your Boric is really bad. If you want the strongest early game item possible and you really want early pressure, Kraken Sire is a rare item that I use sometimes. This would be good into like maybe a Tristana laner and they're all squishy just cuz it gives you the most fighting power early. Another tip when building YTO, you should want to do this in lanes that are very non-interactive. And when I mean by non-interactive, I mean like Mel, Zerith, where you can't really trade with them. And that's where recurve comes in real handy, right, with a lot of trading. So if there's not a lot of trading in the lane, Yel is very good just for faster scaling. One of the best items for a really good split push style is Hallbreaker. If you're alone with a turret, you can easily kill turrets in like.5 seconds with this item. Guardian Angel is a really rare item that I go on Yona, but it's especially good into champions like Katarina, Darius, because if you have GA and they kill you, you actually stop them from getting the reset, which could be very vital. Since the removal of Yona's e- cleanse, MK skim has been a very good item lately just for the QSS and to stop a lot of CC. This also gives you MR and life steal, so it's very good, especially when you go the Yel build. The only other MR item I would go on Yona would be Jack show. And this would be in the Borc shield IE build and you don't need QSS. A lot of people try to go for wits end, but this is the most bait item in the game. And my last item tip is if you want to build defensive boots, a good build to go would be Borc into Navororei to make up for the attack speed loss from no berserker greaves. So this would be really good into a Reneking, going Bork, Navori, Tabies is very, very efficient. And last but not least, matchup tips. The first one being in Azir matchup, you can actually time your third Q when a Zir ults to not get knocked back and slide through it. You can do this against a lot of abilities like Quinn E for example. Next, Yon's E can go through some man-made walls like a Nivea W and a Zult. Just E away from the wall and E back and you can pass through it. They got rid of Yon's E cleanse, but you can still do it against Vi if you time it perfectly. And for my last Yona tip, in a lot of matchups, it's actually really bad to Q3 because you're locked in position and they can easily land their CC just like Ara with her charm. So instead, Q3 onto them, flash to the side to cancel your animation and ult into them. [Music] What? Yeah.
