Title: BRUISER VAYNE ADC IS OP | New Build & Runes Season 16 | League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wfcMF4v1eQ

Content:
What's up, guys? I'm here and today we are going to play Vayne ADC with our new build. We're going to play her AD off tank. So, I'll be building unusual items on Vayne such as experimental Hexplate, Sundered Sky, Spear of Shojin, and Overlord's Bloodmail, which will grant me additional attack damage from building HP. I've got level two priority, and right after doing an auto, I press Q, and that way I can maximize the damage applying quick trade. This is especially strong as you get level two for Silver Bolts. And I have decided to go Press the Attack to maximize the damage early cuz we can do three attacks quickly and see how much damage I was able to deal. So, basically, this game we're going to have a lot of HP having good amount of attack damage. And it's going to be fun, I believe. We're going to test that build and let's see how it goes. You can let me know in the comments what do you think about it. Since I'll be building AD with HP, I'm going to max Q cuz the AD scaling increases. Q forward cuz Nautilus was far away. And they're generally pressured. So, I just stay behind minions. I'm out cuz I'm thinking now I'm going to focus him. We're going to build nice CS lead. And let's work now. All right. I thought he's just going to kill immediately. Well, it's worth poking Nautilus at this point when he's low, but right now he's just waiting for Nidalee. Q for the dodge. And he's dead. You see, this is why I like Press the Attack. Cuz if you have matchups where you can trade a lot early, especially when the enemy support is melee, you can deal so much damage on these trades. So, let's back and first I'll be going Trinity Force. We're starting with AD. And after Trinity Force, we're going to play with Hexplate, which grants attack speed, reduces ultimate haste, and grants extra stats when ulting. That's pretty fun for Vayne. Once again, Nautilus far away. So, I just Q. And also, when you're maxing Q, your Q cooldown drops. But let's first back the minion advantage. Once again, Q. And that way, Nautilus is useless. No way to engage. Got to start dealing with this. Held this way for as long as I could. Oh, well. Can't do more for now. But let's be patient. And that's nice. And he's dead, too. Oh. Nidalee. Okay, I didn't think she had the flash. Was there any way to escape at this point? Probably not. It's okay. I've got four kills anyway. Now with Rage, which helps in chasing, so we don't rely on the passive. I'm seeing Nidalee more often these days. I'm going to have extra HP, so it's going to be harder for her to burst me down. Actually, Nautilus went mid. I think he's coming this path. Can't reach without the use of the Q. Nidalee might visit us again. Oh, she stopped. She's focused on voids. Okay. Ah. Actually, I think I didn't have to flash. I think I could play for plates more at this point. And maybe I switch lane to help others. I've got enough advantage to poke them under the turret. After Q, your next auto is empowered. Now they get me. I would decide Nautilus quite annoying. Definitely Trinity Force for this fight. Or maybe I can find the impact. No, you don't. That was satisfying. Free dragon. You can kill close on obstacle to skip the part of the Q animation. Right now, I wasn't as close, but look at this. See? No animation. Can trace. Okay, there's Jinx. No need to push. I like that this season you can collect plates later anyway. So, my Q does a lot of damage now. Okay. Let's bait now. We got him. Let's this one. Great. They took the bait. >> [screaming] >> Well, usually Vayne is being played with a Essence Reaver and she gets free mana. That is really good while also getting extra damage, so it's the perfect item for Vayne, but we are trying a different build. And we got to do fine without it anyway. Brace of mind helps, too. So, these two items are fun together. And next I could be getting Thunderlord's Decree. There she is. Maybe they had some argument because Nautilus perma roaming. I mean, it's hard for Jinx. We're going to let these minions crash more before hitting the turret. Time to get boots. I have decent attack speed just from two items. I could be going for something that was against them. I think it's all right to just go attack speed boots. I could go mid, but let's deal with Jinx first. Unless she's going to play so safe. Yeah, they were backing anyway. If Jinx is stopped, then someone lane swapped, I guess. Where are they? Let's just focus on dragon. Uh-huh. So, that she was supposed to get condemned, and she just left this. Actually, she got stunned, but the game knocked her out of the wall not to get back or something. If you're not being focused, you don't have to alt immediately. Like it's worth ulting if you want to get more AD. I think I will just attack minion. Yeah. Like when you're being focused, you press alt or if you want to get more damage cuz the moment you press alt your AD increases. And during alt, my Q cool down drops, too. Oh. He's using Q defensively. That means something. An extra range. So, yeah, like make sure not to press your alt so early. Okay, there was the engage. The damage was nice. Oh, well. I could have flashed differently cuz I was still in range. Like I forgot there was Nidalee, the main damage dealer. Should have focused on her. Yeah, this next seems interesting. Wow, she's already long gone. Probably hopped through dragon. I could get at Olaf. He has no ult, right? No, wait. It's not enough, Olaf. I'm too fast for you with this build. Oh, there's more. Okay. The pop Jinx. Let me get my old. No mana. Hmm. Olaf is back. Oh, no. Can we let her survive? I could just implement a sensor into this build, but I don't want to. I want to build items which are not standard. I have Trinity already. Why is they really overextended? Free dragon. Maybe I'm going to use my Q less against objectives. Just to save it for team fights. I kill the target anyway. Yeah, so we can proc Trinity in between. Oh, now I can note. I would just surrender. And my champion went back while trying to cancel the surrender. I'm scared. Jinx is pushing. Okay, so they should increase their damage on W as well. I can reach her without my ultimate. Yeah. Can you see that? Oh, I know what I can build. >> [snorts] >> Now I can convert that extra HP into AD with this. Good thing I actually went for attack speed boots. We wait for Fiddlesticks. Unnecessary. So, I'm good one, but there's a two red. Yay. That was fun. So, yeah, it's fun to try something different, and I wonder what do you think about this build. You can let me know in the comments. Okay, look at the amount of attack damage. And I'm going to get more AD when I drop lower HP. That's nice, too. Surprise. Oh. You want to use your Q for full duration of 1 second during ultimate, during which you're invisible. So, that they won't know where you're coming from. I thought it would be a penta. So, I hope that you enjoyed this video. You can like and subscribe if [laughter] you did. I also do coaching for Vayne and other champions, so you can contact me on Discord in the video description if you want to climb ranked faster and improve. Check out my stream and my other channel in the description. Thanks for watching, and see you all next time.
