Title: The ONLY Ziggs Guide You Need - Ziggs Guide League of Legends (Ziggs Top Guide)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I4axd-TVkak

Content:
Hey guys, and welcome to my new guide for Ziggs top lane where I teach you guys all best combos for Ziggs as well as the abilities, builds, runes, and so much more. If you want to support the full champion guides and want to see more, you can now support the channel with as little as €1 a month on Patreon. The link is in the description. Let's get started with the abilities of Ziggs first. Ziggs passive deals bonus magic damage on his next basic attack. This cool down can also be reduced when Ziggs uses an ability. Ziggs Q throws a bouncing bomb that deals magic damage. Ziggs W throws an explosive charge that deals magic damage and knocking enemies away. Ziggs can also be knocked up away without taking any damage. W can also be used to destroy towers at low health. Ziggs E throws mines dealing magic damage and slowing enemies. Ziggs ult throws a massive AoE ult dealing massive amount of damage to all enemies hit. Enemies that stand in the center take more damage than those standing further away. Next we got the runes and builds for Ziggs top lane. For runes you always take Arcane Comet with cashback and cosmic for damage scaling and to lower cool down on some spells. Otherwise you always take Arcane Comet with cashback and tripletonic for snowballing and winning the early game. For the bonus stats you always take two points in adaptive and one point into HP scaling. As for builds you always take Doran's Ring as your starter item and either sorc boots for damage or lucidity for lower cool downs on your abilities. As for the full builds, this one is the standard build for Ziggs to deal the max amount of damage possible and it's good versus everything. The second build is to counter burst damage versus assassins and to have extra mana to throw and use more abilities for laning phase. The third build is the snowball build. If you win very hard in the early game and you want to maximize damage fast, this build is great for that. I also highly recommend these two items for anti-heal to counter healing and the next two items to counter tanks in the enemy team. There's also some extra items I didn't mention yet for even maximizing more damage which you can build as needed. I've also added all these builds into one entire item set and I've shared it on my Discord server. Make sure to check it out after the video. As for the skill order, you always want to max out your Q first then your E and then your W. For summoner spells you always take TP with flash for the standard play style or you want to go ghost flash for extra mobilities for Ziggs top lane. Let's talk about the combos for Ziggs next. The first combo is the ER combo. This combo lets you hit your ultimate a little bit easier thanks to the slow. The second combo is the WQ combo. This combo is very cool as it allows you to jump into the air to dodge an ability and it lets you throw a Q while being knocked up in the air. The third combo is the RW combo. This one is actually quite useful as it lets you push enemies back into your ultimate so they won't be able to escape. Now let's get into an educational game play and I'll teach you guys exactly on how to play the early game for Ziggs as well as the mid game and also the late game. All right guys, welcome back to another YouTube video. Today once again playing some Ziggs in the top lane once again. Today we have a hard match up. We got Ziggs versus Camille and for runes we got Arcane Comet, mana flow. We got transcendent scorch, specifically cashback also running cosmic in my runes. Today we're going to have a really good time playing some Ziggs top lane guys. I have been um recommending Ziggs top lane now for over four years. Ziggs top lane is in fact even what started my entire off-meta YouTube channel. Ziggs top lane is strong man. I've been recommending I've been making way too many videos about this. Um Let's have a good time. So today's match up is going to be a very tough one because Camille has all abilities that will counter me. Her her E counters me. Her ultimate is a direct counter to me and her W is also a counter to me so um lots of things to be scared about but if I position properly in this game it should be more than playable so One of the best tips I can give if you play Ziggs top lane drop your Qs down specifically where they last hit. If you never hit your Qs and you want to become more consistent at doing it drop your Qs where they last hit. That's how those people that always hit their Qs, that's why they're so consistent. That's the secret towards hitting your Qs every single time. Look. So far we hit three Qs in a row all perfectly because every single time he's going to try and last hit that's precisely where I drop my Q down so that's the secret that no one tells you. See? The fourth one. The Q is incredibly hard to land. Pretty much any single person that plays this champion like once before knows how bad how bad it can be to like not hit your Qs. Actually I think I might get something here. Let's take out my W. Hmm. Okay. Oh, we got him. So what I would highly recommend if you play Ziggs top lane is always save your W. Uh don't throw it randomly. Um but make sure you always save your W because your W is both uh a trading tool but also a disengage at the same time. Actually both. Uh let's go for this item right here. All right, I'm not going to use TP. Just going to run my way back. The only thing is that the position of the wave is not that great but I think we'll be fine. All right. Um in terms of builds we're going to go for the standard build so we're going to go for the the max damage build. This build uh in theory works against everything you play against. If you don't know what to build the first build always works. So yeah. Once again you could see like he was trying to last hit that one so that's precisely where I dropped the Q down. Okay. I don't know if you guys can hear it man but my my my dog is sleeping in the background. I can hear my dog having a having a nice dream man. Oh man. We have a Malphite pathing top lane. So we have to play this part a little bit safe here because the wave is completely pushing into my direction. Um this is a nice position to be in because the way how um the way how the the wave is set up basically does not allow her to like drop the E down. Let's hold it. All right. Damage. Once again we drop the Q down after she last hits. That's going to be the way man. Yep. I appreciate the Malphite's like moves. Unfortunately Malphite um without ultimate is not that strong. Okay, let's see if we can push this out. Also one thing I quickly want to mention too, uh if you play this champion oh wow. I was not supposed to right click that one. Um when you play this champ what I want you guys to do is not drop your Q E combo all the time on the wave itself. I want you guys to get used to last hitting with your auto attacks and not with your abilities. That's one of the biggest things that I would recommend. If you continue to spam your Q on the wave not only is it permanently on cool down and your and your opponent can be doing whatever he wants but you also drain your mana so unbelievably hard. So if you feel like you're playing this champion and you always go for tear just to sustain your mana you're probably playing the champion very wrong. Cuz in theory this champion doesn't have mana problems. It shouldn't. This champion does not have incredible like like mana problems at all. I'm playing against two people at the same time right here man. But um yeah this champion shouldn't have these problems. You can go for tear for mana if you like spamming your abilities. You can do that. Uh but it's not needed. You can farm just fine without pressing your Q. You can. Trust me. If you put in the practice you can. Look at look at this. Now watch me lose my cannon, okay? All right. >> [laughter] >> Should have probably considered dropping my Q on that one at least for the demonstration. At least I wasn't lying though. At least I was being real here. >> [laughter] >> Probably going to have to cut that out of the video but no problem. I'm just going to press my uh my ultimate there so we can wave clear it. I don't always recommend casting R on the wave. Um but in cases like this where you need the wave to be under tower and you have to back port like this is something you could do. Uh let's go for tier one boots here and we get potion. All right. Let's make it back. Got to I got to do some some editing in the video to to to cut those moments out you know like where I lose my farm where I try try and demonstrate something you know. No I'm just kidding. We keep that in of course. Just kidding. Just kidding. All right. Their jungler is now here so we don't have to think about that. I'm obviously not going to W into Camille but this is clearly where the problem is going to be right now as you can probably tell. So the problem we got now is that you can see that this Camille can just spam the E ability constantly. All right, I've got my support coming in here, so we're fine. All right, good. Perfect set up here. I've had my support incoming and that's why I move forward like that. And now we push it out and then we're happy. Nice. All right, I would like to see if I can get at least one auto attack here. I'm going to give that a try. Camille should be on its way back already, so I can only do one single auto attack. The The good thing is that I've actually got teleport. So I can just teleport my way back if needed. The thing is that Camille does not have wave clear on the champion. Uh I think I could teleport to him. All right, we probably don't get that much. That's three people at least, so my plan is not going to work anyway. I'm going to hold my W, of course. I'm going to hold my ultimate. Nice, pretty good. All right, this is this is really good because let me let me tell you I saved my ultimate, I did not use it, okay? And the best part about it is that while we got Camille here, the wave is also pushing into my direction right now. So what we can do is we can freeze this wave here and we can fully deny the Camille like at least a massive wave here. Look. I can freeze this. I can auto attack the cannon and actually get it and not miss it this time around. Nice. And we can hold it. Now Camille's got to be somewhere here now, which means that she will arrive within 5 seconds. Anywhere within 5 seconds at least. And she might be hiding here. Oh, she was hiding in the other one. All right. And let's play. Look at my damage now. It's going to use my W one single time just for the damage. And we basically stack up the wave here, so we're going to try and build it up as big as we can. And remember one thing, we are talking about Camille right here. And she's already looking for a jump. I can tell that, it's very easy to tell. Yep, this is the problem about the match up. I can't auto attack Camille because she has an ultimate that can counter me and she has her jump. So it's basically in other words, it's unreachable and there's a jungle involved. Uh I probably should have just kept the stuff, considering. All right, she's going to turn on me, so I'm going to stay max range. Okay, and now I move forward. Nice. Really good. Always assume that if your opponent has a dash that they always jump on you when you play this champion, okay? Just assume that it's going to happen. Got it. Assume that every person that has a dash will go for you because you're like you're playing you're playing Ziggs top lane, okay? This champion is not really tanky at all. Our mobility is not that great. I'm dead. I'm ultra dead. Uh do I got any options here? No, I don't. >> [laughter] >> All right. But uh yeah, you're just assume that every champion is going after you. Like that's probably one of the best mindsets you could possibly have. Easily. Um so in terms of in terms of the movement speed, we're going to go either sorc boots or lucidity. I think I might go for lucidity for this one. It's going to lower the cool down and then we build into shadow for the for the second item. We'll go for this one just for the damage. And let's go towards bot lane. So we're going to try and adjust our play style a little bit. Uh my teammates are top lane right now. I'm going to have to like I'm going to need some vision. Apparently they're lane swapping, so they're putting Camille in our bot lane. So yeah, we have to again like just respect the Camille there. There's not so much we can do. I don't think that's going to reach. Cancel that. Uh let's walk away here. I remember she has a jump. Okay, there's more people incoming here. Yeah, it's unfortunate we're not getting more to be honest. Yeah, it's unfortunate we're not getting more at all. But yeah, you can you can see the kind of like play style we got. We we generally like play like really safe. That's the way how you play this champion. If you if you you got to pay attention to where they where they show up from because you have to position your W every time if you want to make a play. Um also worth noting here, Lux Q if it hits I'm dead. Guaranteed. I don't have that much health. So we also have to think about the Lux Q every single time. Now I didn't have my ultimate. Imagine if we did. Cuz I used my ultimate for mid lane. Mhm. Okay. Well. Perfectly in the center for the maximum damage. Let's go, man. It's unfortunately not going to be enough to to get the next component for my item cuz I need 1.2. So see how much I can grab here. All right, I've got definitely more than enough. Quite happy about that. Well, almost actually cuz I need 40. So I have to wait. That's on me. Uh I need like 20 golds. I'm just going to chill. All right, I can buy it now. Let's go. Let's go top lane. Um they are unfortunately getting drakes, but it's only the second one, so I think we're still fine. Let's go. I'm going to try and rotate towards mid lane every time, so we're going to push down lanes and then we pretty much immediately rotate back mid lane. So we want to try and go for as many team fights as we possibly can from now on. We are not the type of champion that's supposed to split push. I'm glad I saved my ultimate for a better opportunity. Ooh, that's really good. So um one little bit of advice I can give as well is um There you go. Uh a little bit of advice I can give as well is if you play Ziggs top lane and you have a champion as support or jungle that has some very strong type of CC, right? You can combine your Q E R combo. You can combine that, all your abilities to deal the maximum like amount of damage. So that's one thing I would also advise you if you have a champion. You could you could even combo it with like a Blitz Q. So Blitz, for example, hits a Q, you can just combine all your abilities and everything in the center do as much damage as you can. Uh we have a Rell support. Uh what? Oh, I think we could just got something for free here, man. Let's go. Yeah, free. Very free. Got a lot of gold here. Okay. I guess we're about to get something else. No. We are farming the enemy team at this point. What if we could also get him? Oh, I messed it up myself. That W was not according to the plan. Okay. Dude, I appreciate my support, man. Well, that was nice. Support blocked it. Um very quick question from you guys. After I buy my item, hold on. A very quick question from you guys. What do you think about the Kale top lane nerfs? Is it enough? Uh yeah. Yeah, I definitely think it's more than enough. Yeah, I uh I'm even surprised that they nerfed the champion in the first place. Even though it's mega OP, man, I am surprised that they nerfed it. In my opinion, she was in a she was in a in a good state. But despite being super OP, she kind of deserves to be super OP. If I'm truly honest with you. Cuz her late game should be OP. Her early game is so bad that her late game has to be strong, but she's still fine. I'm pretty sure it's not going to make a noticeable impact. I've got to clear this out a little bit here. I've got to wait for my support to like make a play. And then that's where I'm going to drop everything down. Uh good damage. Okay. It's fine if you don't hit something. Now I've got to jump in. Oh, unfortunate. Very unfortunate. Consider me dead. I was trying to get the auto attack on Camille there, but I was not able to get my auto attack in while she was flying in the middle of the air. Okay. We might lose the drake, man. We might do. I've got my teleport ready. We'll see if we can. We'll uh we'll take a look at it. Okay. I love my jungler. Let's go. Let's go, man. That's such a good play. I think I could teleport right behind them, but I don't know if I will yet. Let's go, man. We needed that. I think I could reach that with my ultimate, but the distance is so massive that Got it. Never mind, the distance is definitely more than enough. Okay. We can go baron. Yes, we can do it. Doesn't seem like they're going to try and uh beat us here cuz they have only got a few people remain. Yep. There is a Jin here somewhere. Uh seems like he walked away already. Let's push this out. We could maybe make a play. Maybe if we hit the combo here. Well, I guess the idea kind of worked, but still I don't know. It was an interesting idea. >> [laughter] >> Oh, man, that's just This is the thing about playing six top lane. It's you have to predict the way how your opponent is also moving in the game. But if you can predict how enemies move, you can do some very crazy plays, man. What? Where did my ultimate fly to? Wait, what? Uh that was on me, man. Uh I think I used my ultimate on the map, that's why it fly away. I've no idea where it went to be honest. All right. Oh, we're going to keep going. Let's keep going. Hm. Okay. I was trying to make some very crazy play, but that was not a good idea to be honest. But it's it's all right. It's okay. It's not the end of the world. I did actually feed the Lillia right here, so she's going to get a lot of gold out of me. I was worth quite a value, but um yeah, it's it's fine, man. Um only problem is that my void staff is 500 gold away, man. So uh yeah. You guys saying where did my ultimate even go? To be honest, I've no idea. I don't know, man. When I threw it like it was going somewhere here. I don't know. I don't know where. That's one thing that can happen if you play this champion that you ult on the map. On the uh somewhere on this map. Like let's say you're moving your mouse like this. So you want to ult here, but you ult on the map like it goes a complete different direction. It happens, man. I've had it happen to me before. >> [sighs] >> Okay, let's pick up the wave here. The Jayce is in top lane, so I don't know. I might have to respond to it. Let's quickly move to top lane because we have to do something about this. He didn't dodge my ultimate. I'm definitely surprised that Jayce is not turning on me. Yep, I got it. Yep, that's the drake, too. I can actually get the void staff now. Oh, I got something. Yep. I've got my ult ready. This one combo is all it takes, man. Okay. Maybe we can set up something here. Oh, that's some big damage, I will admit. I think I might beat that still. Yeah. >> [laughter] >> All right. No problem, it's fine. Whatever. Well, we have a lot of AP right now, let me tell you. We could actually build this one. I think I probably will cuz it's just a bit more safe for me. Yeah. Yeah, let's build it. But um yeah, this is pretty much how you play the champion. Uh let me just move those. There you go. But yeah, this is pretty much how you play the champion, man. Um we always play very similar to an AD carry, if that makes sense. Like AD carries always kite. Uh this champion you also kite. I would say that the range is bigger than an auto attack is because your Q can bounce way further than Like I don't use the the effect that much in this game specifically, but depending on the match up you got, you can let the Q bounce constantly. And you can reach like way further with your Qs. It just really depends on the situation a lot. Like for example here, like you could let the Q bounce and hit it that way. So you can reach a bigger distance. Other times you can just drop the Q exactly where they are standing. I would say if you want to hit more consistently with your Qs, like that's one way how you could. I'm dead. Ultra dead. Well, I'm not actually dead. Nice. This Camille specifically focused me here. >> [screaming] >> Let's pick this up. Nice. All right. Um I will not No, I'm not going to buy No, I'm not going to buy like a a potion yet. I'm just going to walk my way back. I need to complete my item. Should I troll them all, fight? Okay, I I couldn't really troll that way. >> [laughter] >> All right, then. Maybe if I threw my ultimate onto the red buff, I could. Let's go. We got to think about the Camille right now. That's definitely the most important one. Cleaned up. Well, I think that we could possibly just end this match now, can't we? No. Like this is a an example. Now, the game is over here. No. Yeah, the game is over. The Camille is apparently also giving up, I think. Yeah. All right, it's over. Hey, this is uh Six Top Lane. Thank you for watching today's Six Top Lane video, and I'll see you guys next time. Peace.
