Title: BROKEN ONE-SHOT MEL S+ | HOW TO PLAY MEL & CARRY | Best Build & Runes Season 16 | League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93P0jVRopKU

Content:
What's up, guys? It's Erdo here, and today we are going to play full AP Vel'Koz on mid lane playing against Vex, and I'm going to show you how to play Vel'Koz with the best build and runes. Okay, nice poke. Best if you can just cast the Q when the enemy is close to minions, so you can be efficient. I'm going to show you how to carry with Vel'Koz. I bait with my auto first. Really nice trade. Also, try to apply max range E, so you can maximize the damage and you can CC. Vel'Koz can actually counter Vex quite well. And it's easy to last hit. This, for example. Wow. Ignite of hate. Nice one. Let's go. Best if you can just E flash. So, before you finish casting E flash, and that way the E will travel for longer distance. Meanwhile, Darius keeps disconnecting. Sadly, I cannot mute that. Surprise. And I'm not going for an auto because I would take unnecessary poke from Vex. Q to be efficient on as many targets as you can. Oh, this is really good. Now I can go for more autos. While the Q cool down is still too high, I can just wait. Okay, so Vex is surely going for a minion. I just need to pay attention to HP, not making it too obvious. I will have it. All right. And just allowed me for more poke. So, this is the reason why Vex actually stayed. Haha. So, I didn't kill immediately because that would make her just go back. And I still have the range for the Q. Let's crash the wave. And let's trigger the plate. It is okay because I'll be able to return before Vex manages to push. Just taking more AP. Remember to spend small amount of time in base. The rest of HP I will regen, but I'm going to return earlier. It's so fun when you play Vel'Koz against such type of a champion, where you can just counter the fear, which is really annoying from Vex. I see that, and this allows me for an extra poke. What? Already going in? I really close. So, if your auto bat glows yellow, that means you're going to execute the target with your ult. And I was really close to gaining enough stacks. Oh, yeah. So, I'd say it's best if you can wait for Vex to load up her passive, and then W, cuz it's more rewarding. This allows you to trade harder cuz during this time she is crowd controlled. So, right now I'm just going to wait for my W, and I pay attention to her progression bar on the fear. If I can time the trade before she goes. Oh, what a dodge. Nice one. But that's the plan. Before she goes for a minion, that's what I meant. That was a really good dodge. Cuz I would be getting the kill. This time she didn't dodge, and she's dead. But you see it, these are mind games. This allows you to just win more in this match up. I'm pretty sure Vex is not even aware of that. Like she's not conscious that I'm actually timing it. Yeah, this time she doesn't have the fear, so I will save my W. Now she covered. Here's the dodge. I won't risk Zyra's gank. Ooh, someone got tilted. Ooh. She's dead. So, if you can prolong the trade, you just stay in range to potentially kill, for example, as it has the highest range. And with this you load up the passive hard enough to just execute Vot. Preparing minions and just the Q and auto. Okay, she has boots. I prefer having the effect of Luden's and more AP. Okay, like where is she? Oh, she's right to roam. >> [laughter] >> Surprise. Like this is why I took Luden's. Newly managed to maintain passive stacks. I'll just hit me. >> Oh, that wasn't enough to execute her. But this is. Come at helps too. I could be getting Marjorie now. I think boots are more important. I just get that later. I just constantly pressure. Syndra is actually winning. Want to do dragon? Cuz I have taken the turret and I can just push. It's going to be harder for them. Especially with that amazing wave clear. Okay, I could just push mid, but let's try to impact. Actually, they're in such a bad spot. You see that combo? What? No way. I could try to maybe steal. Okay. Will that save you? Uh, did she flash? That was so quick. I'm pretty sure she flashed. All right, time to back. Like enemies did such a nice combo. My allies just gathered their toss free, which is not good. Into such enemy team comp. It's like the best play was to simply push and get more plates. But only if I do we would not get the dragon. So it was okay to try and help. Another flash, nice. So Marjorie grants me movement speed and it's easier to follow up. I was also thinking of gathering storm, but you know, scourge is so rewarding. I wish teams didn't want to surrender so easily. I just stay on mid lane for now. Maybe we could check rift. I'm going to ward it. You can try like with mid lane priority when you have advantage. It's much easier to do objectives. So it's kind of free. Let's do it. If someone comes, I'm just going to poke to death. And you can just auto since when the enemy is low HP enough, you can execute a target below certain HP threshold. Kensei has permanent so far. Ice one. You can all just before CC and it won't be interrupted. Time well. Just waited for Vex to join first. Got him. Can I get a quadra? Come on, do this done. I think I can. Let's go. It's crazy when you snowball and get Marjorie as well. So I just did a quadra. So yeah, you wanted the Malzahar video and here it is. Let me know in the comments if you want more Malzahar game plays. Maybe with a different build. This one is the best, of course. But I'm keen on trying some different builds. I can think of. The W for movement speed. You know, Malzahar changes sometime video, but core mechanics stay the same and I'm not feeling the difference. Oh, she healed. Surprise. Woah. Oh. Think you got it. Oh, nice supplant. I have so much gold I could be just getting items such as death cap. Great synergy when you have Marjorie. So yeah, I'm going for it. And then we can try dragon. So yeah, I'm delaying shadowflame. If I can have nearly 600 AP already then I think that's better. I take red buff cuz my old attacks matter. Could be fun with something like rapid fire cannon too cuz you can have an extra range, but I think it's not necessary, of course. That would be just off meta. Okay, good QE by Syndra. I could have some little Okay. So yeah, just pay attention to that old glowing in grand no triple. Like the damage is insane. That'll be some other champion that can do so much. I really like playing Malzahar. Maybe I could play her more. I also have Malzahar guide if you want to check out later. And I do coaching. Yeah, that's enough. I don't want them to just group at me. >> Shadow flame now my damage quits. As if the one shot wasn't crazy before. Let's do that. Oh ho, what? Goodbye Renekton. And goodbye Jin. I need to be careful. Okay, Rammus is there. Just do it. Nice synergy with Rammus. We could do early Baron. But we don't have to. I mean that would be the best play. You think you can just pass like this? Oh. Okay, nice one. Yeah, just hit this. And we're back. Go back. Surprise. Oh. Wow, that didn't reach. Let's back. We have been here. We should switch. Okay, so not really seeing them getting magic resist. But it's still worth getting some extra magic pen. Even for flat magic resist. So, let's do Baron. It's free. We could do that first and then dragon. We don't have to trigger that cuz they will know. I think my teammate will just take the plant. Yeah. Not like they can follow anyway cuz enemies are lacking vision. Okay, free dragon now. Let's do it. >> [screaming] >> I wonder if Syndra ulted. Insane one shot. Yeah, that's another in here. I could be playing something like Rylai's for fun. Would slow on the queue a bit. But they're all squishy side and we have to go anything else than standard build which is really OP anyway. Wow, my perfect KDA ruined. I shouldn't go there. I could have just waited for my team. I wish I was there in this fight. Wow, he even died in base. All right, GG. I hope that you enjoyed this. You can like and subscribe. Let me know what do you think. I also do coaching for male and other champions. So, you can contact me on Discord in the video description if you want to get better at mid lane, male, and if you want to climb ranked faster. Also, check out my stream and my other channel as well. Thanks for watching and see you next time.
