Title: VLADIMIR IS LITERALLY UNKILLABLE WITH THE NEW HEALING BOOTS (PRESS Q = FULL HEALTH)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9G6DsCrvX8

Content:
All right, everybody. Welcome back to another video. Today we're playing some Vladimir in the mid lane. Running Deathfire Touch, Nimbus Cloak, Transcendence, Scorch, Haste, and Last Stand. Vladimir is an insanely powerful user of this new rune because his Q is single target and then he gets opened up to the Haste in the blue tree. So, I'm going to try it out. I played against probably I don't know, at least five Vladimirs now, probably even more and they all get fed and they run this, so that is 16 damage on a Q. They did nerf this rune already, but it's still good. I'm a universal But yeah, we can also try the um the new boots also the um Gluttonous Greaves. They're really good in the mid lane because the upgraded ones you do 5% more damage I think when you're above half health. And then when I get below, I get I think 15% increased healing, which is a little nuts. Oh my gosh. Also, Vladimir is just a bully. Like I'm just going to keep healing. It's really hard to push Vladimir out of lane. Oh, I got all speed. I missed the cannon though. I tried um autoing. Charm me. Oh. I think she's dead. Ooh. Yeah, Vladimir is turbo busted. I counter him when I play Xerath, but I still he's still a pretty tough match up cuz the people that play Vlad in high elo are just Vlad one tricks. But the best way to beat Vlad is to not even let him get to you. That's why Xerath is pretty good into him. I don't know if that would have hit me or not. Yeah, that hit me. But I healed it back. She does have ignite, so I should probably leave. I'm going to die. I don't have my pool. She has ignite-eroni. Hopefully Jarvan don't die. I don't really want to get the boots first, but I mean we I guess we could. You know what? Yellow. I'm going to moat. Cuz they they need to stack up. We need to get kills with them. It's just like these don't give me any damage. Currently died. That's okay. Just slowly poke her down till we can go for an all in. I didn't charge my E up. It's fine. We'll still hit her with it. I mean, look at her health. She's just cooked. So, we could combine these with a rift maker and then I'll have insane healing. I don't think I'm going to get the rift maker right away. Vlad's are going rocket belt. Which I want to try. I'll meet you at the minion. I mean she's just dead if I just do this. I booped her. I had a a rise top lane in master go zero and 14 and zero. The rise got zero kills, zero assists and uh I lost the game versus a Vladimir. That just makes me dislike Vladimir. But also I might have gotten win traded. But also the guy didn't get banned for going zero 14 and zero. That's what I'm upset about. I'll let that house here and just fighting her. I think I can kill her here. Well, she's cooked. We got 6% omnivamp now. Um we roam. Their bot lane's It's of difficult to kill Sivir. She's very safe. Kayn Oh, he missed. Nice. Kayn has a lot of mobility, so he's kind of hard for me to fight, too. Hmm, do I get the alternator or do I get the haste? I'm not really having any issues um killing her. So, I'll just take the haste. Since I I'm Normally, on Vlad, you want to get the cool down boots, but I have been seeing some Vlads build these. So, I wanted to try them. I really got all those. I mean, I can just either dodge or charm or pull it, and then it she just auto loses the trades. And like, even if I tank even if I tank everything, I'm just eventually going to heal it back. Look at that. Just look at it. Wait, his orb's revealed where he's at. I think he's on He's either on chickens or he's going somewhere up here. Aha, I found you. Ah. Hey. I think I'm okay. Hang on. Hang on. Okay. Oh. Help. Help. Help. Help. Help. Help. Help. Help. Help. Oh, wait. I didn't go anywhere with the plant. Okay, I could have lived. I screwed up. I didn't pull fast enough right here. I got hit by the charm right before I pulled. I actually think I could have done a lot more there. My fault. All right. I'm fine limit testing because I don't think I'm going to have an issue versus Ari no matter what. Blue cane. I got seven. I What does it go up to 10% I think? Where do they start at? Oh, yeah, it goes up to 10. And then they're going to upgrade soon, so then they'll actually give me more damage. Gosh, I shouldn't have got hit by that. I should have just ulted her. At least Morgana secured it. I should have just ulted her. I thought she was going to die from the queue, but I think Seraphine shielded her. Oh, whatever. We got the rocket belt. I did get another stack. That That was That was another bad death. And we don't [music] even have the 420 score, so it's not worth All right. I got to lock in. How's Gwen doing? Gwen is losing to Malachi. How's bot doing? Bot's pretty even. Uh Jarvan's going to die now. Well, they actually are not dealing any damage. Never mind. Uh I'm going to lose a fat wave mid, so hopefully I get something out of this. The cool thing about Vladimir is like it doesn't matter if she goes under the turret. I'm a champion that resets the aggro. Yeah, she's dead. That hit her through her thing. Oh, he got out of it. See if he keeps running. Yeah, he keeps running. I don't know if there's like a combo with the rocket belt. I'm pretty sure if I use it while I'm charging my E, it either's not going to let me use it or it's going to cancel it, but we could try. I'm pretty sure it's just for the mobility. I think I got her. 11%. Wait a second. Goes up higher? I think she's almost dead. Oh, that's a little unfortunate. What the hell are you doing? No. Oh, sorry Malphite. I don't know if she has ultimate up. My rocket belt won't hit him through the wall, unfortunately. We'll just have to take our frustrations out on Gwen. Um, I could do this, but I feel like King's going to go over the wall and steal it. Are these for old spec up now? No, she did. What do these go up to then? 11. So, do they just get one extra percent for being upgraded? Um, I think I'm not going to dive right up and inting too much doing the dives. If she wasn't full health, I think I could go for it. I mean, I'm Vladimir. I could just do that. See, 300. How much am I going to heal off this 110? But, the big one's coming up. Let's see how much I heal off this. 200. So, I just healed the tower shot back. Did we kill him? Wait, did I hit him with that? No. I panic ulted. I thought I it hit him though. At least I got my pool off before I got hit by stuff. It's just I always want to try to charge my E before I pool cuz then it's a guaranteed full charge that's most likely going to hit people. But, sometimes you just don't have time to get it off. I'm fine. Unless she has anti-heal. I wonder if Gwen likes the boost. The rocket belt's going to net me a kill there. Pretty nice. It's a war zone over here, bro. Vladimir peak Vladimir gameplay Q Q Q Q. Well, what am I getting? Should I get the rift maker? What are Vladimir's items I'm getting? I'm getting a mejai's and a death cap. Um Yeah, that actually sounds kind of nice. And then we can get the rift maker later. It's just like rift maker's going to do better the more damage I deal. I want to get the death cap before it. Plus, the death cap gives me a lot of health, I believe. Mhm. I get most of the wave. Not like she can go anywhere. Goodbye. All right, we're at 1772 1796. It's 15 minutes. That's actually really good. Yeah, I'm just really slow. So, the rocket belt helps me close the gap. Like normally with Vlad, you need your flash up for most plays. Or the Vlad's take ghost. >> I think she's dead. Burn. Yeah, they made it so it does 75% increased damage instead of 100% increased damage after 3 seconds. I have 11% omnivamp. Let me try this. Now, you can't rocket belt while you're charging that. That would be too OP. I have a death cap. Can't need to help him. I think she's dead. I wonder if she's going to burn. Nope, Morgana gets here. Hey. I got I kind of want to save my old for like a multi kill or something, but What's the cool down? It's 90 seconds. I want to see how many people I hit with it on this skin. Oh my god, my health is just literally full. Oh my god, that Q heal. Oh man, he healed. Got you. I got you. I don't even think I close to dying there. He has charm still. I'm dead. Wait, no, I'm not. Oh, I'm dead. Oh, wait, these boots show the stats. So, I've got increased 3P damage, increased 1,600 healing. Well, let's see. Deathcap's going to make my health go up another 200. Um we could do the rift maker now. I'll just get rid of the ring. I've also been streaming every day. Streaming again. I was streaming on YouTube at first, but now we're back on Twitch. So, come stop by, say hi. twitch.tv/zwaag. I'm going to keep streaming till I hit challenger. If the game's still fun after I hit challenger, I'll keep grinding, but really the game is really testing my mental with the uh teammates it chooses to put on my team. Huh, got to realize. Cuz she's going to die to all. I'm going to probably get charmed here. Oh my goodness. Wait a second. And I wish I had ghost cuz I could literally run her down. Maybe I bait her in. Okay, I'm dead as hell. Oh, oh my god. Wait, what? Look at you, little doll. You're dead. Oh my god, how much did I heal off of that? Man, what happened to my queue? I feel like the cool down got cut in half. I only got this book, though. Damn it. They do have heal reduction, but it's only on Seraphine. She doesn't hit me that often. Yeah, damn. Oh, I got I got hit. I think I'm dead. Okay, I didn't get to move that entire time. Dude, I had the morph shield on me. Did the morph shield run out right before the Seraphine ult hit, or did the Seraphine ult do enough damage to break the shield, making it I think even when you break the shield with the ability, it still blocks the CC. Oh, what are we getting last? Maybe crit bloom for a mix of damage and more haste, cuz like the more haste I have, the more I can really just do some stuff. Um, I could also do an hourglass, and then I would have double pool, and I'd survive a bit more. It's a little more sweaty, though. I've got you under my skin. An ally has been slain. These boots are good. I don't know if they're better than um um What do you call them? The cool down boots. The cool down boots are really good on Vlad. Oh, this is going to keep me in combat, too, for the rift maker. So, this is actually good to run with the rift maker. You put that herald down. Anybody else get a heal cut? No. The biggest mistake I see people do. You never want to upgrade Morello's unless it's like your final item. You don't get any extra like gold value out of it. Um oh, hello. >> [screaming] >> I think you're dead. Well, Here, I think I just healed 400 with a Q while I had anti-heal on me. Yeah, that's the games. I think Sivir died to my alt. And this skin, I cannot tell if I hit them with my alt. They're like it's blue and it's like a very it kind of blends in with the ground. Like the red skins are a little bit easier to see. 800 damage. I don't have all though. If I just tap my E like if I If I rock about Q tap E I couldn't tap it there cuz of uh Oh my god. Oh, I'm coming for you. Hey. That ring around the Nexus, please. God damn it, I'm not going to get her. Come here. Can I go in the fountain in my pool? I don't think I can. I think Mal Chi is going to die for me. That's No. Bro, I got so unlucky there. It wouldn't let me use my E at the end. It made me tank first. Ah, whatever. Whatever, bro. My fault. Why is she the hardest one to kill on their team? I guess cuz she she actually has the most health built. And then she's also got the shields. How much um I took 8,400 8,500 damage. I only have I took twice as much damage as I have health. Oh, did Malakai W Well, Malakai actually Yeah, maybe the Malakai W dropped the aggro, but he also then died before it killed me anyway, so I did have chance to kill her. I just I I think I didn't eat or something. I don't know. I don't do more damage to her to be honest. Well, you're just dead. I can't have it. Can't reach. I'm Jarvan. Well. Well, well, well. Yeah, also Vladimir he's super safe and still pretty strong early game. We could just end. The late game he is like he's one of the most disgusting champions late game. Just because he goes untargetable and he he's area of effect, so he can hit everybody on their team, too. Damn, we got almost 5K burn damage in 26 minutes. He actually uses it like as good as Brand does. I don't want to die to fountain. Oh, the boots. Let me check the boots. Boots, boots, boots. Extra 9K damage, extra 4K healing. Pretty nutty. See the damage. We did 72,000 damage. How much healing done? Wow, 50 53.6K. How much damage taken? Took 50K damage mitigated 25K. That did 5K. Scorch did 1,100. Last Stand did almost 2K. Other than that, thanks again for watching. Make sure to like, comment, subscribe. Uh check out Twitch stream at twitch.tv/swag. Come say hi.
