Title: 💥ENG SUB💥【灾厄召唤师：我的召唤兽来自地狱】游戏降临现实，最废召唤师竟觉醒禁忌Boss职业，率领魔神军团屠穿诸天副本！第1-137集 #热血 #玄幻 #anime #逆袭
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2SMntDbX6Ps

Content:
career awakening Zhen Meimei Frost profession is awakening What a strong snowstorm Feeling colder and colder I'm freezing Not good The students could not resist such a strong The phenomenon of Fu Guang's return invasion Use protective skills quickly Lao Lin, it doesn't matter if your cousin is good-looking. Why is he so strong? I changed my job and made such a big fuss. No, the shield can't hold up. teacher someone fainted Job transfer ceremony suspended Everyone leave as soon as possible Don't panic The ceremony continues The impact of the vision will be borne by me Good old man Congratulations, Principal Gao Judging from the power of Fu Guang's return invasion This classmate's awakened profession is at least epic level or even higher Really? Zhen Meimei Awakening the legendary profession legendary It's actually a profession that can perfectly control ice magic. No wonder it caused such a large-scale snowstorm Meimei, you are so awesome Of course This lady is number one in the school This is just normal performance If all students transfer to another job I will report back to the job temple. please wait a moment There is one more the last one Lin Mo Hey Lao Lin It's your turn Lin Mo Now I am a legendary professional Let's see what face you have left Continue to stay at my house The aura of this classmate seems to be extraordinary. Are you from a famous family? Although Lin Mo works hard But there's no family heritage And he has been staying with relatives. The Zhen Meimei just now was his cousin career awakening What's wrong with you, Mr. Liang? I'm fine The vision can actually break through the barrier set by me Is this Lin Mo even more powerful than the legendary profession? The barrier is broken I just recovered from my stress Don't panic, everyone I'll strengthen the formation How could this happen? The reinforcement speed can't keep up. Principal Gao Let the teachers work with me to stabilize the barrier But In order to defend against the blizzard just now They have exhausted their energy Bad Help What exactly is that something me What's the result? What is the profession? Lin Mo The only hidden profession when changing jobs BOSS Summoner The only hidden profession Never heard of it Sounds pretty awesome So what if you hide your career? Although the quantity is small But those who can reach the top Very few Summoning profession Attributes are similar to other professions But what does this feeding and skill sharing mean? Feeding can improve the attributes of summons Skill sharing allows you to use the skills of summoned objects oh i see Ordinary summoners themselves have no offensive skills And I have this talent In addition to relying on summoned beasts He also has the ability to fight Classmate, can you show me your skills? Judging from the vision just now Your career should be extraordinary Of course BOSS Summoning I have summoned the strongest BOSS at the current level for you. It's General Slime Something's wrong A vision powerful enough to break through my barrier Why can only General Slime be summoned? It still has a fighting chance in the novice zone below level three. But no matter how high the level of the monster is, It can only be scraped But you don't have to be discouraged We still know too little about hidden occupations Maybe there are some untapped abilities Looking forward to your performance Congratulations on your successful job transfer The exam will officially begin in ten days During this period, the novice leveling area will continue to be open. Tomorrow everyone will gather at the door of the novice copy Hehe Lin Mo Let's form a team I am an assassin You use BOSS to carry monsters I defeat them one by one It must be fast If you form a team, your experience and drops will be equally divided. The beginner area is not difficult I advise you to brush it yourself Upgrading will be faster cut Then I'll find a girl to form a team with What I am in is a A world where games and reality blend It's full of ferocious monsters They keep emerging from copies Attack on humans To fight against monster invasion Humanity has awakened to various professions Divided into common, fine, rare and epic legends In addition There are also some hidden professions that are unknown to the public. Extremely rare in quantity But scarcity does not mean strength Some hide that their career development space is limited In the end, it can only become a background board for others. And some Like a sleeping giant once awakened The future is immeasurable I'm back I heard you changed jobs What hidden profession what's it called BOSS Summoner yes neither fish nor fowl It's completely incomparable to Meimei's legendary profession. He is destined to be a waste in this life Nothing else I'm going back to the room first Brat Eat and live with me every day this time I must drive you out five years ago Monsters break through human defenses like a tidal wave Parents and other powerful career changers Go to the front line together The war lasted for nearly a year The monster faded away after a year The crisis in human cities is resolved But my parents are missing All war data is encrypted And this school emblem of Kyoto University is their only relic Admitted to Kyoto University is the only way I can get a clue But with my strength Can it really be done? What's going on It is detected that the host has completed the job change Meet system activation conditions The god-level career system has been launched That's right Your current professional boss summoner Automatically upgraded to a god-level BOSS summoner Is this something my parents left for me? Fast Open panel Wow, not only the professional name has changed Skills also automatically become divine. God-level passive skills: share joys and sorrows God-level passive skills God-level passive skills: share joys and sorrows bear harm Cooperate with skill sharing It means that as long as the summoned object does not die I won't die I am as strong as the summoned object is. Ask General Slime to come out and take a look. Summon your summons general slime Has automatically evolved into a god-level slime general My God, even the BOSS has become a god. Much bigger than in the morning The attributes have actually been improved five times. The attributes of BOSS are originally beyond the same level. Now it is almost close to level 20 The maximum number of monsters in the novice dungeon cannot exceed level ten. The current Slime General is enough to handle it Maybe You can summon more powerful BOSS later. Lin Mo receive Don't hide in the house and pretend to be quiet Although you stole the show today But I want to beat this lady not that easy I want to make a bet with you What to bet on Bet on who will get higher marks in the big test if you lose Leave my house immediately second half of life I also want to be a slave to this lady. Whatever you want Then I'll take it as your acceptance. Let's see let you see What is genetic suppression? Throat My cousin is obviously only a few months apart from me. How could you be so childish? Lao Gao I heard that your school has a legendary profession That's right Zhen Meimei The daughter of Zhen Feng, captain of our city guard team Occupation: Frost Queen It turns out she is Captain Zhen's daughter. No wonder it's so good Right, right It seems there is a hidden profession How is the strength? As far as I can judge Should be between rare and fine grade It's one of the more useless hidden professions. Tasteless food It's a pity to abandon it I won't tell you anymore The students are all here The novice copy is now open Everyone can enter Classmate Zhen Meimei Wait until you reach level ten I give you permission to practice in the wild remember Your goal is Kyoto University The principal wants Zhen Meimei to become the provincial champion. Kyoto Academy is one of the most difficult universities in Xia to get into. Last year, the entire Beijiang City Meng Junchen was the only one who passed the exam. i remember him It was already level 15 when I took the exam. In the end, I got a super high score of 5,600 points. OK Stop talking about it Come in quickly Hehe Lili I'll be responsible for killing monsters later Give me milk I know This guy I've all reminded him that it's best to do it alone Really unwilling to be lonely Forget it Everyone has his own destiny I'm going to start leveling up The ones at the entrance are all low-level monsters Hum so anxious Then let me practice with you first grandson Your grandpa is here Take action Successfully killed the blue slime Experience plus ten Sure enough, it's the same as my judgment These low-level monsters Can't pose any threat to me Congratulations on the host upgrade. The current level is two. These drops can be used to feed summoned beasts The current feeding progress is 20% After reaching 100% The attributes of the summoned object will be increased again With the strength of General Slime The income from level one to four mobs is too low Let's try it in the next leveling area. Thunderwood Ruins The night cat monster often appears Minotaur and other level 5-8 monsters Legend has it that there are BOSS-level monsters living there There is a new BOSS That's great Something strange is coming attack no harm It's the god-level passive effect of sharing joys and sorrows. Level 2 was attacked by a level 7 monster If it were someone else I'm afraid he died on the spot. That being the case Then try other abilities God-level skill sharing Shared Slime General skills Jumping critical hit Start a share The blue bar was reduced by half It's a quick win Jumping critical hit Successfully killed the Night Cat Demon Experience plus 700 Two more came My mana is limited Let's leave it to the summoned beast general slime Successfully killed the Night Cat Demon Experience plus 700 Congratulations to the host for upgrading to current level three at level one to level three It took less than two hours at this speed I should be able to reach level six today Oops, it's time for a newbie to level up. Zhen Meimei from your school must be the best Hahahaha My expectations for her are simple As long as it surpasses Meng Junchen last year Just upgrade to level six on the first day This is simple You miss Versailles Do you think geniuses come wholesale? In fact, Lin Mo is also very interesting. I don't think so General Slime is stronger again It can only deal with low-level monsters That's right, the stamina is definitely not as good as that of classmate Zhen Meimei Finally upgraded to Level 2 Lin Mo, just wait. I will definitely win you It seems like the monster here Still not enough to fight General Slime? fresh Looking for me? Congratulations on the host upgrade Current level four Feeding progress reaches 100% All attributes plus 200 Hum good Now your attributes are comparable to those of level 25 monsters. Deal with these little Karami who are below level 10 All you need is flat A Listening to the voice, it should be the BOSS of this area. Don't let it run away Discover BOSS level monsters Level 8 Tauren Lord It looks scary There is still a big gap between the attributes and General Slime. But since it's BOSS Then show some respect. Jumping critical hit Defeat the Tauren Lord Earn 5,000 experience points Level increased to level 7 Obtain the Crystal of the Tauren Lord Can be used to summon the BOSS Got it Want to summon a new boss Must defeat them first Get the corresponding crystal Find you a companion Summon the Tauren Lord God level has been completed Your summoned beast, the Tauren Lord, has become God-level bull-headed lord With system support The attributes are much stronger than those of wild monsters. Even more than General Slime today I want to clear the novice leveling area Arrived recorded in books The place of death for novice career changers The last area of the novice copy Solitary smoke desert The monsters here are all between level eight and ten And the quantity is huge Will appear at any time to devour job transferees Worth a try There are changes in the novice copy Someone entered the lonely smoke desert What? Today is the first day of changing jobs. How could anyone be so stupid as to go there? There must be a new student who got into it by mistake. Notify the City Watch immediately let them deal with it These new students are the future of Xia Kingdom Don't be careless what Not sure who it is yet Got it I'll deal with it right away Meimei and Lin Mo are both new job transferees in this session. Don't be the ones entering the land of death. Principal Gao why are you here A new student strays into the lonely smoke desert what Entering the Solitary Smoke Desert on the first day Must die I remember the only way to the Lonely Smoke Desert It's Lemu Ruins Could it be Impossible The monster levels in Thunderwood Ruins are basically between level five and eight. How could anyone pass so quickly? no matter what The top priority is to find the corresponding copy Meimei Lin Mo I hope you won't be stupid It's a desert I've only been in for a few minutes and my mouth is dry. It's a desert bone-eating ant. ready to fight these guys Deliberately waiting for us to be exhausted from the sun before coming out calm It's just that it's surrounded Too bad general slime give me a hand Successfully killed desert bone-eating ants Experience plus 800 Hum Can be solved with an axe It seems that there are just a lot of them. general slime Tauren Lord Let's find a way out first. Go forward, don't be surrounded Found it. It's copy number 9527. Faster, more people, more power Let's all go in and look for it together Oh my God So many slimes The efficiency of killing monsters is also too high. don't stop Go to Lemu Ruins quickly So many corpses of cat monsters and minotaurs These are all level seven or eight monsters. Who has such great ability? This energy, this shape It's the BOSS-level monster Minotaur Lord. The bull-headed lord was destroyed Was it done by some student? But at the upgrade speed of freshmen How is it possible to kill a high-level BOSS? Students who can achieve such results Maybe it's classmate Zhen Meimei It must be her no time We immediately head to the Lonely Smoke Desert I clearly heard something moving here just now. Why is it missing? Are we too late? Captain There is a situation here this is impossible If this continues If you don't die from exhaustion, you will be dried out by the sun. That's a sand trap Got an idea jump over Hum, come here Desert bone-eating ants have a simple way of thinking As long as I challenge you a little bit They'll rush towards me like crazy I don't think about whether I will fall into the sand pit at all. No They can even build bridges Plans change While they are still on their feet direct attack let them fall into the pit Just now Use bison charge general slime Jumping critical hit Successfully killed desert bone-eating ants Congratulations to the host for leveling up to three levels in a row Ah, that means I'm already level ten Take a look at the properties panel Well, the basic attributes are not increased much. It may be related to professional characteristics Yeah Whatever If the summoned object is strong, I will be strong. Let's feed them first General Slime's god-level skill development progress is 100% Acquire new skills: God-level split level 1 The clone is part of General Slime Then you can also use the jump critical strike skill Such a match It's simply a super powerful group attack skill. And there is a god-level split Never have to be like this again Gather monsters in the sandpit Use jump critical strike again Only then can it cause large-scale damage. I'm already at level ten Newbie area for me no longer valuable It's time to go So many corpses of desert bone-eating ants Who did it? In my opinion Those who do it must have mastered advanced group attack skills Only your daughter can do it Classmate Zhen Meimei's level Perhaps it has exceeded level seven It has even reached level eight Fortunately, she is our Captain Zhen's daughter If others accidentally enter the lonely smoke desert, I'm afraid it's already a pile of bones. This kid finally didn't embarrass me Stop being so talkative Since nothing happened Then let's leave quickly Calculate the time The novice copy will be closed soon. This classmate Why did you come out before the novice area was closed? Shouldn't we seize the time to defeat monsters and upgrade now? No monster to fight I came out naturally What a shameless statement No monsters to fight yet I think he was afraid of being beaten. It's not shameful for classmates to admit that they are incompetent If you pretend to be fat, you'll be thrown into grandma's house. It's useless to say too much Strength will prove everything Why isn't Principal Gao here? I still need to ask him to approve the note. Have you seen any girls from our school come out? Her name is Zhen Meimei Only one boy has come out so far. Where is he? Xiao Mo, you came out early Not injured? Don't worry, I'm fine Everyone is racing against time to upgrade It would be better for you to run away and hide for a while Principal, you misunderstood Actually It's time for the newbie copy Students who want to brush the copy please come back tomorrow. Tomorrow I will fight with slimes for 300 rounds I met the night cat demon I almost got caught. I'll educate you later You should reflect on it yourself first. The summon is too strong Blame me Dad, why are you here? Look at how happy you are The level must have improved a lot. that is Don't even look at whose daughter I am Lin Mo, I will definitely win this round. Classmate Zhen Meimei What level are you at now? Level 7 Genius Meng Junchen on the first day Just upgraded to level six Zhen Meimei was promoted to level seven in one go She is definitely the strongest among the students of this genus The desert bone-eating ants in the solitary desert You killed them all Solitary smoke desert Didn't you remind me before On the first day of upgrading Don't go to that area? if not you Then who entered the lonely smoke desert? After level 10, it will become more and more difficult to upgrade. Going to Kyoto University At least level fifteen Although there are still nine days left But it's not easy to reach level 15 in these nine days. Must Hey principal I want to go out and fight monsters tomorrow Please help me approve a note Is the wilderness something you can go to whenever you want? No one can even think of opening this special case until they reach level ten. I'm already at level ten It doesn't work even if it's already level ten. wait a moment what did you just say Level 10 What a joke There can be no new life at all Reach level ten in one day What a sensationalist Good people are not good What kind of clown are you being? It doesn't matter whether you have reached level ten or not. Just test it and you'll know Test completed Target level ten what Principal Can you approve the note for me now? Cocoa my god Beijiang City has produced another genius Genius is no longer enough to describe him. Dad, why can he be promoted to level ten? Is it by cheating? Changed level on info panel As far as I know There is no such technology in the world yet Then how could he reach level ten on the first day? Unless he clears the monsters in the novice area Oh, this is impossible Meimei, you may have guessed it right Dad, what do you mean? This is what we just took in copy 9527 All the monsters inside have been cleared out It was Lin Mo who did it Not sure But Lin Mo's level has obviously explained the problem. Don't be angry, Mei Mei Able to be promoted to level seven in such a short period of time You are great too Why is he so powerful? I'm not convinced I'm going to go find him and ask him. Meimei Xiaoyu I'm going home You take the other team members back first. Meimei actually has such great malice towards Lin Mo How can I explain this to Lin Mo's mother? Wo Wo Tou Four for one dollar Top quality equipment Innocent Lin Mo, I'm at level five. What level are you at? I'm taking my sister to upgrade today Hehe It's so cool Oh, forget it, let's not talk about it Girl asked me on a date Goodbye Wow, this guy is really out of shape. Oh, this is the auction house It's exactly as written in the book There are many red crystals that can hide tons of items I should click here to register. Lin Mo Master Liangyou, what a coincidence You come to buy something No I'm here to sell some unused beginner equipment. Entering the novice zone in one day You will indeed get some low-level equipment It's just that almost no one wants the first- and second-level novice equipment. You might as well put it on yourself All the low-level equipment was fed to my summons. What I plan to sell is equipment level six or above. First time login. Please complete your information. In order to apply for a special savings card for you perfect information Just make up a name. The auction house will be based on the name you edited Bind a savings card to you Just make it up It is an unspoken rule of the auction house to use pseudonyms This can avoid having to auction precious items in the future. leak true information cause unnecessary trouble Thank you, Master, for the reminder. Then call it General Slime is my little brother, right? Please register palm print and lock personal information Registration successful These are all level 7, 8 or even 10 equipment. I should be able to sell it for a lot of money. This, this, this This is the equipment dropped when you grind monsters Are you going to the novice area to purchase goods? One piece of level 10 equipment has been registered What level ten? Five pieces of level seven equipment have been recorded Three pieces of level eight equipment There is actually someone From the novice area on the first day Got so much high-end equipment I also came from his age. Did I go to a fake novice area at that time? One-by-one auctions are too slow Then sell it to the auction house at one time at the market price. Ding, thirty-eight thousand gold coins have been received. Hey, throw away 10,000 gold coins to pay one year's rent. Twenty-eight thousand gold coins left What to buy? Oh, there's nothing I can use Ah this is Found a basic skills book sold on February Day in the World Can increase mana recovery speed My current shortcoming is Skill sharing costs too much mana Although this basic skill book does not have much recovery capacity, But it's better than nothing Hey hey hey Archmage, why are you laughing? Twenty-eight thousand gold coins have been received Lao Liang Why are you here? I'm here to sell something Something's wrong with you Forget it We are in desperate need of a heart of frost for our adventure It's been seven or eight days and I haven't seen anyone put it on the shelves. Heart of Frost That's not a level 12 copy of Frostland. Is it a rare item that only drops? That's right Only first time entry The level of the copy cannot be lower than Abyss And kill the final BOSS in a short time There is a chance to drop the Heart of Frost Only newcomers can meet this condition But where can I find new people at level 12 now? I'm so anxious I can try Today is the first day for you to upgrade as a freshman Have you passed level ten? When adults are talking, children, please don't interrupt. Let's go now People also want to help you What help? I'd just like to thank God if you don't cause trouble. Hum, it's useless to talk too much The adventure group will definitely post an announcement on the mission board at the city gate. Just accept the bounty mission tomorrow. What's wrong with young people nowadays? So vain It's not like when we were down-to-earth Never speak big words Right Can you help my nephew pick out some pieces of equipment above level six? His latest impact level needs to be used What a coincidence, I have exactly what you need right now Which god did I go to to consign so much equipment? General Slime is my little brother It must be some rich young man Are you taking the thugs to massacre the novice area? You guessed wrong You just met this person That's the guy I had sex with just now Well, the house has been rented It's time for me to move too We raised him for ten years Isn't it enough? Why should he be equal to Meimei? He is my sister's child He's my nephew I hope you won't target Lin Mo Hum Your surname is Zhen and his surname is Lin I advise you to find out Meimei, do you want Lin Mo to stay at this home forever? It doesn't matter All I know now is that he is my enemy I must surpass him enemy Meimei actually regards her cousin as an enemy It seems that whether you are a father or an uncle, I've been so remiss child we are a family Don't think so extreme uncle and aunt I rented a house outside I'm moving out starting today Thank you for your care over the years You don't have to go anywhere This is your home Not uncle I'm an adult Another way to make a living I really can't bother you anymore Lin Mo, you are a scholar Are you afraid that one day I will surpass you? That's why you want to stay away from me You don't need to regard me as a target Just be yourself Who made you a target? Do you really not want to think about it anymore? Uncle, I have made up my mind ok But you have to remember Whenever you encounter difficulties Just call uncle The feeling of being alone for a long time It's time to read the skill book you bought. Learn now Successfully learn the primary skill mana recovery Spam skills detected Rubbish. The system is too overbearing. Junk skills have automatically become god-level Become a god-level skill magic spring water The mana recovery speed is increased by 100% The mana recovery speed is increased to 100% Oh, this system is a bit abnormal. I'll get some more skill books when I get the chance. Lin Mo Didn't you tell me earlier that you had reached level ten? I've been waiting for you at the entrance of the novice area for half an hour. It was you who hung up the phone in a hurry yesterday None of my business How did you upgrade so quickly? Please teach me Brother Jianguo Are you taking me with you to upgrade today? Hey hey hey OK OK Brother will take you You'd better practice slowly with the girl. Oops get up get up I'm going to level up outside the city today. Xiongbing Adventure Group releases mission Go to the Frostland Dungeon Get the Heart of Frost The mission rewards one hundred thousand gold coins I think almost no one can take on this task. Yes We veterans have all been to the Frostlands Newbies want to clear dungeons above the abyss Even more difficult One hundred thousand gold coins At least I can buy three basic skill books. Someone actually took over the mission of Heart of Frost Still a young guy Unfamiliar Is he new here? He can't be a newbie who just changed jobs, right? Absolutely impossible Hey Look you are so young He's not a freshman preparing for the big exam, right? There is no special note from the principal to leave the city. you can't leave the city We must be responsible for your safety Is that okay? just one day Just raised the level to level ten What a genius However Monsters in the novice area Very different from monsters in the wild I advise you to wait for two more days Find a few friends and go as a team Hey, it's too dangerous to be alone It doesn't matter. I can handle it. Young man, I was as crazy as you back then Until I got an arrow in the knee It's not easy to be a lone wolf Let's form a team Thanks for the reminder I will pay attention goblin warrior Level ten Hey, come back soon too dangerous God-level BOSS Summoning Technique to solve it Successfully killed the Goblin Warrior Experience plus one thousand What a great summoner golden slime And he's wearing gear It seems to be BOSS Are the current freshmen so strong? Just kill wild monsters He is now level ten Take a walk in the wild and come back You can't move up to another level. Hum Just good luck One hundred gold coins bet He definitely won't be able to level up today Just bet The lowest level dungeon in the wild is Frostland. Only level 12 can enter Well, we have to find some minions in the jungle to fight. Say Cao Cao Cao Cao has arrived General Slime prepares Defeated the Minotaur Warrior Experience points plus one thousand and two perform well Keep up the good work Successfully killed the tough-talking Goblin Experience plus one thousand Successfully kill the Minotaur Experience plus one thousand Successfully killed the talkative slime Successfully killed the Goblin Warrior Experience plus one thousand and two Congratulations to the host Promoted to level eleven Hey, it's feeding time again No need to go back to the city to deal with all this mess It saves trouble God level feeding increased to level 4 After feeding the summons, you can get a twenty-fold increase in all attributes. Increase skill level by one level It has been enhanced so much Feed it again Aren't attributes growing exponentially? This is Wild BOSS After solving it Maybe we can add another summon. Killing wild BOSS quickly will make it easier to drop rare materials. Don't let anyone get there first Got it they are right I have to go there quickly too Don't block the road Successfully kill the tough-headed Goblin, experience +1000 Experience plus one thousand Found it A big tree attracts the wind The summons are too eye-catching Put it away first Come a step too late It seems that everyone wants to fight This BOSS Extract information Turns out to be a summoner similar to me Must find a way to take it down Our Xiongbing Adventure Group has taken a liking to this monster. Get out of the way Don't care which group you are from Do you understand, first come, first served? It's the wild BOSS that anyone can defeat. A bunch of stragglers dare to challenge us Let me see who dares to touch BOSS Forget it Xiongbing is one of the best large-scale adventure groups We probably have no hope Leave it to them Abominable It's not going to be easy now I saw people from the Xiongbing Adventure Group in broad daylight. Bully the weak If your group leader finds out what will happen My little sister advises you not to meddle in your own business. How could you possibly know our leader? Even if he knows He won't punish his own people either The law of this world is that the weak eat the strong If you dare to stop me again Believe it or not, I'm rude to you When did Xiong Tiebing recruit? You are such a bunch of scum what did you say Dare to call us scum give you a chance Or give up BOSS voluntarily Either Waiting to be punished what to do Damn people can't talk Leave it to me Abominable See where you run You really embarrass the Xiongbing Adventure Group deal with you simple That girl should be a highly agile assassin, right? Yeah The level is probably above level 18 Wow, so awesome Haven't been hit so far Hey, why did you come to me? Summon Sorry I'm hurting you It's okay Where did he escape? Nosy Summoner Get out of here Stay out of the way Otherwise Don't blame my arrow no eyes I accidentally hurt you But you've already cummed in me So what Who told you not to have eyes? If you don't go away, I will shoot right through you. You three scum You want to bully the few with more, right? This world is a place where the weak eat the strong. Facing twenty-level people like us Even if you two are noobs combined, Not our opponent Great thunder technique little girl you are done that is Summon It was he who saved me The art of drawing thunder is the ultimate skill There are few opponents at the same level As a result, this boy's summoned creature held up a shield. It was resolved This time There's something good to watch Damn Summoner Ruined my good deeds Since you used the killing move first Then I won't be polite This guy is difficult to deal with Let's withdraw first Let's just leave Rest assured I won't let him do it so easily Kill this BOSS Haha, once BOSS comes into contact with this medicine, will go into a state of rage boy Just wait to accept the gift package I give you. This time we lost The BOSS is yours Let's go now Hey, wait a minute Do I agree with you guys leaving? general slime solve them Offended the adventure group It won't be easy for you Obtain the Bronze Level Cloud Dungeon Magic Wand Obtain a bronze-level cloud copy backer shield Obtain black iron level ordinary bow and arrow Yeah, although people are a bit rubbish But the equipment dropped is pretty good. Killed three people with one move They are all level 20 Is there anyone else you want to bully? No no We evacuated first The BOSS is yours It's just a good time that everyone is gone It saves me the time to clear the place. Rampage state Those three scum He even secretly used something like the berserk potion. Let's go first The BOSS in the rampage state is very difficult to deal with. No need, I can handle it Why are you still blind at this time? Do you think you only need to deal with one BOSS? Go quickly That's the Summoner We can't beat it What a coincidence me too And it's a hundred million points stronger than him Use jump critical strike Successfully kill BOSS-level monsters Powerful Goblin Summoner Experience plus 8,000 Obtain BOSS Crystal Just Just like that Killed the level 12 boss General Slime's Jump Critical Strike Can cause damage to the opponent forty times the strength attribute The physique of this goblin summoner Only a thousand points In the face of absolute power difference Not worth mentioning at all As for being so scared? What kind of summon is this? It's a bit ridiculously strong Is it possible Your level is already very high But playing here Pretending to be a pig and eating a tiger No, I'm just too curious. Must take a look Job changer Lin Mo Hidden occupation BOSS Summoner Level Ah You, you, you are only at level ten Still a hidden profession Why can't I see the information about your summons? Fortunately, there is a system So as not to run naked in front of her Is this an advanced career scanner? This is what the City Guard uses. why do you have Don't underestimate me I'm not an ordinary person To be fair Let me show you my information too. Job changer Bai Bingbing Legendary profession Shadow Thorn Level eighteen No wonder the dodge is so high Sure enough, he's an assassin. I think you are a nice person And the potential is huge How is it Are you considering coming to Kyoto University? No need to consider I was going to Kyoto University Hahaha Wait until you arrive at Kyoto University Just say that I, Bai Bingbing, belong to me This way no one will dare to bully you Ah haha That's all thanks to you Oh right I almost forgot about the legacy of these three pieces of trash. It seems They often go to the cloud dungeon at level 15 to 18 Farm monsters and equip equipment these three people Don't worry I will never reveal it of anything that happened here today But I suggest you hide the body first. just in case you are right Find an opportunity to deal with them later Summoner Looks more powerful than ordinary summoners But that's all who are you don't worry They are their own people Let me introduce it to you This is Qi Long Level 18 rare profession Holy Light Swordsman He is Zhou Bing Level 19 legendary profession Thunder Mage They are all my classmates Both of them are wearing Silver-level equipment that is extremely difficult to assemble It seems that he is no ordinary person This is Lin Mo friend i just met Level 11 Hidden Professional BOSS Summoner Bingbing Not just anyone Everyone is qualified to be your friend He's pretty awesome I just killed the wild BOSS instantly. It's a pity that the mission items we need were not dropped. time is running out We have to complete the academy tasks as soon as possible The probability of wild BOSS refreshing is too low I, Qi Long, have discussed it Decide to exchange something for something Who to exchange with Xiongbing Adventure Group They have a BOSS Weeping Soul in their hands It just so happened that they released an adventure mission Requires the Heart of Frost dropped from the Frostlands Prerequisites for exploding the Heart of Frost You just have to kill the BOSS first But we have already visited the Frost Land. The little brother you just met You probably haven't played the Frost Land yet, right? If he finally kills the BOSS It's possible that the Heart of Frost will explode. This thing is so popular Forget it As long as it can be exchanged for gold coins It doesn't matter who you sell to. Lin Mo you see Want the heart of frost One hundred thousand gold coins will do Is there any mistake? I will upgrade you for free and give you money without us Can you kill the BOSS? Then you can find someone else. Wait Lin Mo Bingbing A waste like him who has high ambition but low power Why are you so polite to him? That's it At worst, we'll go guard the entrance to the Frostland dungeon. Just recruit a newbie and you'll be fine no time to wait He is the best candidate Successfully kill the Minotaur warrior Experience plus one thousand and two Congratulations to the host for upgrading. The current level is twelve. The level is finally enough Eat more The copy will be refreshed soon. Congratulations to the host The Tauren Lord successfully developed the god-level skill Armor of Thorns If this is done using skill sharing I also have the effect of Armor of Thorns Wouldn't it be possible to kill the monster without taking action? Summon the third BOSS before going to the Frost Land. Use the BOSS Goblin Summoner's Crystal God-level BOSS Summoning Technique start The God-level Goblin Summoner has become your pet beast Summon Goblin with 100% attribute value If fifty were summoned A Goblin warrior with the same attributes as the main body Isn't that the walking BOSS army? who You are really easy for me to find. are you looking at them They didn't follow I decided to come to you on my own Please team up with us No more I still prefer single brushing why Isn't it faster to form a team? Your teammates don't like me I can't trust them either If you hit the heart of frost I'll just sell it to you Really? thank you Is this thing so important? Of course If the task this time cannot be completed I can't participate in college competitions I can't get any competition points either. It seems that the competition pressure of Kyoto University is quite high. But it's not a big problem Have a system in hand I can withstand any pressure Wait until you actually enter Kyoto University You will understand what I just said I'm going to sleep Just do it yourself Why haven't you woke up yet? The jerky is almost cold you finally woke up Come and try my handiwork This is my first time cooking. Are you sure this thing is edible? If you don't want to eat, give it back to me. People like you who don't understand good food are only worthy of eating rusk Hum I have bread dropped by monsters here Give you one thank you Let's go Let's go You are going to the Frostlands now Otherwise Don't you need the Heart of Frost urgently? I mean you were only level 11 yesterday It's level 12 today Didn't you secretly kill monsters while I was sleeping? You think too much Selling weapons Level 15 Strengthening potion The bottle only costs 200 gold coins Team up Take a walk on Abyss difficulty It's too dangerous for you to be alone Let's form a team No need But at least you need a copy of Abyss Only then can the heart of frost be revealed Bingbing ignore him Hard to persuade damn ghost It's useless to say more Just wait for me here If this kid can explode the heart of frost I knelt down and kowtowed to him and called him daddy. No This guy actually chose nightmare difficulty Lin Mo Don't let anything happen to you Get out of the way I squatted for a long time Finally found someone who was just level 12 Guys who haven't played the Frostland dungeon Who is this person? So arrogant Wu Gang from Xiongbing Adventure Group I heard that he urgently needs the Heart of Frost to complete the mission. Bingbing I've long said that guy is unreliable Now the people who are about to be attacked by Xiongbing will be the first to get there. If you hadn't been running against him all the time Why would he go to the dungeon alone? Otherwise Let's cooperate with the people from the Xiongbing Adventure Group good idea The three of us are pretty good They can definitely agree to form a team You guys are going to go I want to wait for Lin Mo here It is indeed a nightmare difficulty monster. Not only high attack and high agility Also has the ability to slow down But compared to my summons Not even close Divine Summoning Tauren Lord Knock them out Goblin Summoner I'll leave the last hit to you. Successfully kill the Frost White Ape and gain 8,000 experience points. This experience is actually seven or eight times higher than that of ordinary wild monsters. So cool A bit interesting Different types of monsters actually cooperate to siege Came just in time Goblin Summoner Tear them apart for me Defeat the Yeti Monster Experience plus 8,000 Defeat the baboon Experience plus 8,000 Defeat the Snow Demon Experience plus 8,000 Congratulations on the host upgrade Level increased to thirteen No wonder those who can brush copies Never fight monsters in the wild This upgrade speed is too fast, right? Extra meals Extra meals Congratulations to the host God-level feeding level increased to level five Currently feeding summons The summoned object can obtain a thirty-fold increase in all attributes. Thirty times It is indeed a god-level system I have cleared out all the monsters in this area. It's time to go to the collapsing snow ridge The passage here is narrow and gathered a large number of monsters It's a big test for passers-by But I want to clear the copy This is the only way The agility of the Wind Demon Ape is very high Plus a heavy hammer critical hit It's really a bit difficult to deal with. so much God-level shared skills Armor of Thorns Goblin Summoner You are responsible for leading the goblins as a forward give me general slime Go and help Tauren Lord Use bison charge these monsters You actually know the principle of capturing the king first before catching the thief. Defeat the Wind Demon Ape Experience plus three thousand two share joys and sorrows Added armor of thorns for body protection I'm not a soft persimmon. Successfully killed the Wind Demon Ape Experience plus three thousand two Well, the number is really very different. Need to change tactics general slime Use god-level splitting quickly All slime pups Use jump critical strike by everyone Successfully killed the Wind Demon Ape Gain 3,200 experience points for successfully killing the Wind Demon Ape. Experience plus three thousand two Successfully killed the Wind Demon Ape Experience plus three thousand two Ah, it's finally cleared Gujiguji Split so many cubs in one go It seems that General Slime's body can't bear it anymore. Let's go back to the summoning space and take a rest first. I wonder if there is a dungeon boss hidden there? Finally almost there Go clean out these watchdogs Successfully killed the Wind Demon Ape Experience plus three thousand two Successfully killed the Frost White Ape Experience plus five thousand Goblin Summoner Go blow the door open Not the boss I don't know about this elite copy monster either. Will the boss drop crystals? Do you want to be overwhelmed by numbers? Really naive enough How can ordinary monsters be compared? After becoming a god Let me show you who is the father A summoner without summons is a waste Surrender quickly Successfully killed the Goblin Summoner of the Ice Mage Add 20,000 experience points It's obviously a legal system He actually wants to have a physical fight Humph, it's really like stealing the chicken but losing the rice. Play yourself to death forcibly Such a rare thing should fetch a lot of money. Alas, it's not like I came here on my own. I go to update daily What's going on? Updated daily. general slime What the hell is this place? There are monsters too Look at this battle It should be boss level, right? Those who need to change jobs Entering within the range of the Ice Mage's skills Ability to inspire the boss of Lord Pan Freezing lasting five seconds Lose 10% of life every second Oops, the mechanics of this boss are a bit tricky. These ice sculptures shouldn't be decorations either. But the descendants of the Ice Mage Once she is activated These little brothers will definitely wake up as well. Oops what to do Ah, yes Just let the Goblin Warrior block the damage in front Then take advantage of the gap between Ice Mage skill CD If she orders other summons to attack her You can kill the lord boss without taking any damage. I left you right Split up He even bothered me to rest suffer death The strength and physical properties of this monster It's a bit ridiculously high, right? frost freeze Very good Goblin Warrior took all the damage for me It seems we share the joys and sorrows Passive skills take effect Taste the wrath of the Queen general slime political attack Hum Goblin Summoner, it's your turn Successfully killed the Ice Palace Red Ape Successfully kill the Ice Palace Red Ape and gain 8,000 experience points. Experience plus 8,000 Experience plus 8,000 human You have to pay for your actions Humph, please come over here I want to see what else you can do Accept your fate Tauren Lord Quickly use bison charge take advantage of now general slime Use jump crit to hold her down for me Defeated the nightmare boss Ice Mage Add 100,000 experience points Get special props Ice Mage's boss crystal Heart of Frost It's a nightmare-level copy There are so many things that fall Congratulations on the host upgrade The current level is fourteen With crystallization New boss can be summoned again Welcome my fourth partner Use God level boss summoning technique Summon boss Ice Mage Automatic deification has been completed Oh, after becoming a god Both range control Immune to damage Yes, she is indeed a queen. She is amazing. Thank you for fighting for so long It's feeding time again Hey Come, come, come You're welcome Hey Many The Goblin Summoner's feeding level has been increased Yeah, good The summoned goblin warriors are now more powerful. please note The development progress of General Slime's god-level skills has been completed Obtain new god-level skills Meteor stars gather Can force enemies within fifty meters to be attracted to you God level split plus star gathering Plus jumping critical hit Come down with this silky little combo Anyone else would have to kneel down. Well, only one of the five god-level summoning spaces is full. I don't know when we can increase the number again. Forget it Publish the book first It's this kid I just went in and brushed the dungeon. Strange I saw him go in for a while Unscathed are you okay Of course Thank you for your hard work. Reach the nightmare level alone No matter how you think about it, it's too reckless. Hey, where are your two teammates? Forget it They left with the Xiongbing Adventure Group But there are only eight people How to clear nightmare difficulty? It seems that this time the state of delusion Destined to have no chance with me Congratulations Lin Mo Refresh the Frostland copy Nightmare difficulty clearance record No way This guy is really alone you you This is the heart of frost you want One hundred thousand gold coins No points can be missed Don't worry I, Bai Bingbing, have golden words Will not default on debt Realm of delusion I finally have the chance to go to the Realm of Illusion Forget it If you don't agree He will continue to be entangled like this Oh, okay, okay I promise you Hey, that's right Called Shi Gong What level is it? After the college entrance examination, are you interested in becoming a professional money-maker? Shut up and stop asking questions. Scared the little brother away again Everyone who can get here is around level 12. Wait until tomorrow morning Just follow our team Enter the copy The Xiongbing Adventure Group increased the task amount last night Now the Heart of Frost is worth 200,000 Those gold-fishing teams that came from the cloud copy There is a rush for newcomers to level 12 everywhere. Then we have to hurry up and enter the dungeon. be careful Don't let them find out Boss, I found a new guy Don't come here No one is as ruthless as you are. I just grabbed it What can you do to me? Ah bad That's killing without batting an eyelid The ruthless man nicknamed The Butcher How about we give in? Alas, the cooked duck just flew away I'm really unwilling That new kid Come with me Ah brother It's not that we don't want to take you Just You go first To avoid being angered by these guys What about you? Hum No one can force me to do something I don't like Brat Don't be shameless You are looking for death You kid who dares to disobey me will die. That's the Knight's Hammer No wonder the butcher can always be so tyrannical It turns out to be a rare profession. It's over, it's over There's going to be blood splattering on the spot. What's going on This giant slime One hit will kill the rare profession instantly. Deserve it That's all he is Walked away calmly Does that guy actually have such a powerful summon? Ah Unexpectedly, he turned out to be an invisible boss I even dreamed of taking him up the rankings Haha, it turns out that the clown is actually me? Successfully killed the Frost White Ape. Successfully killed the Frost White Ape. Experience plus 8,000 Experience plus 8,000 God level split Meteor stars gather Jumping critical hit Successfully killed the Wind Demon Ape. Successfully killed the Wind Demon Ape. Experience plus three thousand two. Experience plus three thousand two. Experience plus three thousand two Not bad After having this set of combos The speed of spawning monsters has been significantly improved. Go ahead and make a quick decision Coming Finally arrived at this familiar palace again Ice Mage Go meet your twin sister Gold is the color I hate the most Counterfeit Come and taste the wrath of this queen frost freeze what Successfully kill the Ice Mage and gain 50,000 experience points. Break the copy record Experience plus 100,000 Congratulations on the successful upgrade of the host The current level is level fifteen He actually got the rare title Oops, this copy can be considered a triple blessing. Hey, before going to the cloud copy Let's clear out the things in the storage space first. I can hardly hold it anymore Finally reached level 12 Meimei, you must take me to fly. Don't worry Meimei, look quickly Isn't that Lin Mo? He seems to have just come out of the Frost instance Could it be He has passed the level what Lin Mo Just wait I will definitely upgrade to level 15 as soon as possible Then catch up with you Welcome Slime is my little brother to the auction house Hey little brother Are you a college student? Ah, what's the matter? I have countless good things here I can sell it to you cheaper. Hey, don't look at me like that I am a copy of Frostland The famous gold digger Lao Mo i like to eat fish what do you like to eat Don't bother I don't buy anything Hey, don't go Qin Look at this snow lotus This is the best material Since we are destined I'll sell this to you cheaply The best Are you talking about this kind of thing? Hey you you you you you Although these things are relatively precious But it's of no use to me Better sell it Why are the gaps between people so big? Product sold out 1.3 million gold coins have been credited to your account Earned so many gold coins A little splurge Buy some skill books Flash skills? With it The time of running pictures will be greatly saved. Bought Dear General Slime, he is my younger brother You have purchased two basic skill books at the auction house Purchase rare items such as primary skill books again Need to increase permission level Ah Are there any level restrictions for buying things in the auction house? Lin Mo Are you here to ship again? It's only been two days since I last saw you You can actually farm a copy of Frostland Archmage Why did I meet you again? Do you know how to upgrade permissions? Little one, have you ever heard of merit? No How much is the merit worth? It has to do with how much contribution you have made to the human race The easiest way to get merit points Just go to the front lines and kill monsters So grinding dungeons and killing wild monsters doesn't count? Those in the blockade area hundreds of miles outside the city It's the real gathering place for monsters cordoned off area That's right The terrifying ancient building in hell There is also a terrifying cemetery where roars are heard every night There are dangers in every area It's a pity that before you graduate from college You cannot go to the front line privately But there are exceptions to everything Soon you will know I have something else to do Let's go back to the job temple first. See you next time exception You really know how to sell things. Meimei, fortunately you are here Otherwise, we all have to explain ourselves inside. It's all my fault You have to show off your strength and clear the Abyss dungeon It's my fault It hurts everyone don't blame you It's because our equipment is not good Combat power is too low It would be great if I could get some good equipment. Equipment Right Please ask my dad to go to the auction house Please help me pick out some suitable equipment. Dad You have already given me the primary copy refresh talisman. Let me buy the new equipment myself. A decent piece of equipment isn't cheap. Why are you so polite to dad? Meimei This Ice Mage's Blue Enchantress Tulle It suits you very well But it costs 520,000 gold coins Will it be too expensive? Expensive is expensive But worth the money Can actually dodge skill attacks awesome This is not bad for babies either Just like that tulle That's what they're called General Slime was sold on consignment by my little brother. the name Could it be Lin Mo? Impossible This man consigned a lot of good things in one go He must be a professional money-maker Dad, what do you plan to do with this bracelet? You and Lin Mo should each have one. That's fairer Xiao Mo opens the door I have something to give you Coming Xiaomo I'm back from the auction house brought you a gift auction house I happened to go there today too I also consigned some unused things Then could this be you? Yes, this is the pair of bracelets I consigned. Ah, that's it Then you must have cleared the Frostlands. Congratulations This is for you Just think of it as a congratulatory gift from your uncle. Thank you uncle Ah, you should be busy first I won't bother you anymore Hey, it's better not to tell Meimei first. So as not to hurt her self-esteem Oops, I'm going to clear the cloud dungeon tomorrow. Let's learn Magical Flash first. Spam skill intrusion detected Automatically deified God level has been completed time and space displacement No need to chant Can instantly move to any location within one thousand meters Cooling time one minute I'll go a thousand meters It's really suitable for running pictures. Almost there Get out of here Get out of the way The young leader wants us to assemble urgently Please speed it up for me look at their outfits He's from the Xiongbing Adventure Group It's better not to have too much contact with this kind of bedbug. What do you all do for food? So far I've only gotten a heart of frost Do you want me to report it to my dad? Young leader we were wrong No heart of frost How to upgrade my equipment How to leapfrog monsters? Young leader I heard Wu Gang said There is a guy named Lin Mo who has a lot of frost hearts But this guy just refuses to sell it who is that It seems He's a newbie waste Just a newbie Why don't we just kill him and snatch him away? Want to kill me Then don't blame me for taking action first. There are too many people here Gotta find a chance Get rid of this guy quietly Young leader Got it With this You can break through the level restrictions Entering a higher level dungeon to spawn monsters How many of you Go get all the guys who want to enter the dungeon Keep them all out for me Let me look at this Who can upgrade faster than me? Why don't you let us enter the dungeon? This is too crazy, right? This copy was not opened by your Xiongbing Adventure Group. why can't we go in If you don't want to die, get out now These guys are so over the top wait a moment little brother I see you are a bit unfamiliar Is he a newcomer to some gold-fishing team? No Could it be that you are a college student? Then your upgrade speed is too fast? I advise you not to be impulsive There is this bandit adventure group here today No one can swipe this copy in the cloud. The copy space that everyone enters is different. Is it necessary to block the copy? Is this your first time here? This copy in the cloud Belongs to a large shared copy So everyone enters the same space As far as I know No one has ever been able to completely clear the cloud copy. why Because everyone only has six hours to spawn monsters It will be cleared out when the time is up. So is there no difficulty option for this copy? Really not But The monsters in this dungeon are divided into areas based on their strength. It turns out that boy I want to take advantage of the personnel to scan the pictures. Then I want to break into this copy even more If he wiped them all out I don't have to think about upgrading anymore. Little brother, don't be reckless Those people are really not easy to mess with. What to do Enter the copy There are really some people who are not afraid of death Second child I leave this boy to you little thing You hit a brick wall today Go to hell Divine Summoning I didn't expect you, this kid, to have something. Everyone comes to help We have killed more than one summoner. That's right Directly bypassing summons Just hit me I resist summons You deal with that kid How How could it be This way Everyone come together Overestimating one's capabilities frost freeze No Impossible I'll fight you I really can't shed tears until I see the coffin. There is even a summoning object Stop I'm a member of the Xiongbing Adventure Group It's finally quiet now Director According to the results of our monitoring Cracks have appeared in the cloud copy The monster sealed inside About to break out of the prison escape copy Send someone to block the copy immediately Don't let anyone else in Have you found any reasons for the lax sealing of the copy? Still under testing takes a while within an hour Must give me a result Welcome to the cloud copy Take a skydiving ride Can jump to a random area This copy mechanism is a bit interesting. I wonder if I will meet those from the Xiongbing Adventure Group. There is something Divine Summoning there Elite monster And this dodge It's a bit outrageous, right? Call first and then talk general slime Not even a hit Tauren Lord It's your turn Single target attack is not possible Then we can only rely on range skills. Use frost to freeze Something's wrong Even the group attack skills are useless. This monster must have been strengthened by something general slime Use meteorite gathering Goblin Summoner it's your turn No matter how high the dodge is As long as it's under control Still at my mercy Successfully killed the Moonlit Cloud Wolf Experience plus thirty thousand It took so much effort As a result, only some junk materials were dropped. Come again Now that you've found your weaknesses Then don't blame me for not practicing martial ethics. Successfully killed the Moonlit Cloud Wolf Experience plus thirty thousand Killed more than a dozen cloud wolves in one breath Still a little tired rest for a while first Adjust your status this sound Not an ordinary wolf that is What's going on with this copy? A monster with such high attributes He actually has dominance and dodge at the same time General Slime is in charge of high altitude Goblin Summoner Support Ice Mage Go to the flank to coordinate Bull Lord Damage Resistance Use bison charge frost freeze It's really a bit difficult to deal with. Not good All summoned beasts They're all in a state of dizziness Sharing joys and sorrows takes effect Armor of Thorns takes effect He wanted to sneak up on me while I was dizzy. not that easy take advantage of now Don't stop Keep up with magic attacks Successfully killed the Gray Wolf King Get the following rewards Gray Wolf King Skin This is a good thing for forging handmade equipment. Then you can spend some money I have wiped out the monsters in this area After feeding Just go somewhere else and continue scanning pictures. The research and development progress of the God-level skills of the Tauren Lord has been completed. gain skills Divine Bull Shield New skills can weaken control skills It came just in time, right? Powerful Goblin Summoner The research and development progress of god-level skills has been completed gain skills Summon Goblin Archers Wonderful Archers can attack from a distance It can just make up for the lack of warriors who can only fight in close combat. Something happened white game Someone has a copy in the cloud Illegal use of items that have been released from level restrictions The blocking mechanism was triggered five minutes ago Our people are locked out Damn it There are still many people inside who are leveling up. Monitor the copy in the cloud Go to home screen During the hour and a half that the cloud copy is open, Seven people's signals have disappeared According to the test results Those missing signals mean means those seven people All have been killed Have you found out who used the illegal props? It's Xiong Mumu, the young leader of the Xiongbing Adventure Group. The seal of the copy in the cloud is currently loose. Causing the leak of the source of hell Monsters have been strengthened So we must clear out all the monsters first Then reset the copy Finally, strengthen the seal inside Just do it Contact Zhen Feng immediately Ask him to find a way to unblock the copy Destroy all the mutated monsters inside In addition Let Xiong Tiebing come over here give me an explanation Look what good son he taught All job changers in the copy please note There is a problem with the current copy in the cloud As a result, the copy entrance is forcibly blocked. we are working on it this sound It's uncle For those who are still in the copy, please Go to the safe area of Yunzhong Pavilion to gather waiting for rescue If no one else can come in Then the monsters in the dungeon are all mine. Gotta take advantage of this opportunity Get some more experience something It smells so bad fox Just try it with these monsters New skills just gained from feeding Young leader Hold on a little longer We will soon arrive at Yunzhong Pavilion I have eyes Do you need to remind me? If it weren't for the fact that my equipment still lacks a heart of frost, It won't be as embarrassing as now Tauren Lord Use the Divine Bull Shield It has the double protection of Thorn Armor and Divine Ox Shield. It's useless even if you dodge 100%, you're such a foxy girl. Divine Ox Shield in effect The control skill effect is successfully reduced by 50% The duration of fox charm is 2.5 seconds Armor of Thorns takes effect Just now general slime action Summon Archers Successfully kill the ghost fox Experience plus 20,000 Congratulations on the host upgrade The current level is level 16 Although the level has been improved But apart from god-level feeding There is no sign of improvement in other professional skills at all. General career changers want to improve their professional skills You can go to the corresponding tutor to learn But my only hidden profession Where can I find a tutor? Most of the job changers in the dungeon They all went to Yunzhong Pavilion to wait for rescue. but what there is a person Keep running around in the copy And it moves very fast Make sure it's not a machine failure No Multiple detectors both show the same results What kind of idiot is he who doesn't care about his life? Keep an eye on his movements at any time and report to me Yes What do you guards do for food? My son is still in there We're already trying to figure out how to open the blockade I tell you What if my son has some shortcomings? I'm not done with you guards. Xiong Tiebing You still have the nerve to act wild here? It's because your son used props illegally This resulted in the copy being blocked Don't you know? white game he is still a child shut up What's the situation in the copy now? Except for one maverick guy others Everyone has been gathered in a safe area this guy Could it be that you want to clear the dungeon alone? Not very likely he keeps moving Most likely to avoid monster attacks Everyone has enough to eat and drink. Come on later Congratulations to the host God level feeding level increased The current god-level feeding level is Level 6 General Slime's feeding progress is full Level up It is indeed my first summoned object Upgrading is fast Check out the safe zone Those guys from the Xiongbing Adventure Group if still alive That should be there too It's been such a long time Why hasn't anyone come to save us yet? who you are Young leader I've seen this guy He is that Lin Mo Turns out it was him But how did this kid get in? Didn't I send someone to guard the door of the instance? Maybe that kid took advantage of some loophole Sneaked in, right? I've booked the whole place here today. Hurry and hand over the things dropped by the monsters. Otherwise I'll break your legs Even when death is imminent, you are still so arrogant How stupid Shit Who are you trying to scare? But the young leader of the Xiongbing Adventure Group My father is Xiong Tiebing Even the people above I have to give him some thin noodles. Believe it or not, I gave the order I can let you die without a burial place. Pin dad It's a pity What counts here is strength Do you want to laugh me to death? You're so poor that you don't even have decent equipment. Also worthy of talking about strength I'm wearing this equipment Comparable to gold level suit Raise your hand I'll kill you in seconds Gray Wolf King It was the one that killed five of our brothers just now How did it come here? Isn't this a safe zone? Run quickly You coward How can you run faster than me? Divine Summoning Meteor stars gather Jumping critical hit seconds Instant kill Too bad Is this guy so powerful? that Boss Lin Mo I was joking with you just now I was really wrong Don't you know you are wrong? I just know I'm going to die No Have you found out the distribution information of monsters in the dungeon? Already completed Why are all the monsters in this ghost forest missing? Not just the ghost forest One-third of the monsters in the entire dungeon are missing. Could it be it's that guy strange The number of survivors in the Cloud Pavilion Only one left There were four more just now Could it be That man not only cleaned up the monsters Also killed other survivors No way my son My son was killed A soul gem that can preserve a ray of soul of the person who changed jobs The gem shines It shows the essence of the soul Already dead Wait until we find out who harmed you Dad will definitely let him pay with blood. white game Captain Zhen I want to resurrect my son before the big exam Excuse me now white game you see This guy started spawning monsters all over the map again. It seems we can save a lot of things why Wait for him to clear all the monsters on the map The copy in the cloud can be restarted naturally until then Reinforce the seal and then cut it The last one is also solved Large copies are great Brushing monsters can make you soft However I almost cleared all the monsters in the whole map. Why haven't I seen the final BOSS? What's going on? So hot This thing can't be alive, right? Go to that clearing around here There must be places that have not been affected what is that There are monsters under the magma white game The situation has changed Bad The seal of this copy has been broken open. That monster is coming out Could it be It's the Hell Flame Wolf that was sealed in the cloud copy back then. That's right That Is there any hope for this career changer to survive? almost impossible Although Yanlang has been sealed for a long time, Strength has declined But those who have transferred jobs below the second rank will face it. No chance of winning Or upward Report it truthfully Such a strong aura Only the second level attribute is so high Since it is BOSS There are BOSS crystals It seems I'm going to add another warrior human doll Not a humanoid monster Can actually talk I am the flaming wolf from hell The ordinary monsters you've seen Not even qualified to carry my shoes Shoes Are you sure your paws can wear shoes? stupid You will pay for your rudeness Pyroblast frost freeze what is she Just one of my summons I have something else Just let you see it general slime Use meteorite gathering Abominable let me go Have the ability to fight one on one I'm in a hurry split Stacked jump critical hits Successfully killed the Hell Flame Wolf Add 100,000 experience points Obtain the crystal of Hell Flame Wolf welcome you My fifth summons God-level BOSS Summoning Technique The summoning space is now full. I have to go back and think of ways to improve. It's been so long Why haven't the people above come yet? white game Captain Zhen The reaction of the BOSS in the dungeon disappeared Stop? Could it be that the Hell Flame Wolf was killed? Can defeat such a terrifying monster? Must be a strong man Yes You must get to know each other well Finally can come out Xiaomo you know him He is my nephew Lin Mo Xiaomo This is Director Bai from the Beijiang Copy Monitoring Bureau. Director Bai Hello Look you are so young Is it already the second transfer? No I'm only level 16 Still preparing for the big exam Could he be joking? No He is indeed a great candidate There actually is A pervert who can kill a monster from hell during the big exam can tell me how did you do it Sorry I really can't tell you I also want to ask you to keep it secret for me However, there were many people involved in this incident It's difficult to ensure that the information is not leaked. Can I still continue to refresh the cloud copy after restarting it? Restart the copy Very time consuming It will take at least a week I can only continue to go back to the Frost Land. i know You guys are busy first I'm going back to rest first your nephew Excellent ability Still able to remain calm and collected in times of trouble It's a good seedling Lin Mo Could it be that person's son? That's right Like father, like son It seems that I will have to take more care of him in the future. Right My daughter is about the same age as him If I could introduce them to you No Don't fool around with my nephew. Let's exchange it for 300,000 gold coins first. I'll exchange it later when I'm short of money. Sold another batch of goods You are almost catching up with the professional gold diggers. Master Liang What a coincidence Meet again There are four days until the big exam. Are you nervous? Not bad No feeling Right I have a few questions to ask you Let's find a place to sit down and talk my treat Good This is what you call a treat What's wrong Are you frightened by the abundance? Have you ever seen picking? I've never seen someone as picky as you. Say it what do you want to ask You see This is your calling space Is there any problem? The summoning space just now Can store five summons It doesn't leave any way for other summoners to survive. do you mean Other summoners also have skills like summoning space Just in their skill names There is no word for god level Then can I use the same method as them? Come and upgrade the space. OK However You have to find the corresponding career instructor to upgrade. There are markers on the city map I understand thank you Leave after asking Don't you want to be polite? So ruthless Lao Liang Lao Hao why are you here Do you know where that guy Lin Mo is? Someone said they saw him just now What are you doing with him? exact news That boy He killed our young leader The leader is recruiting manpower Ready to seek revenge on him Lao Hao Can you give me a face? Don't touch him No The leader gave the death order We must find Lin Mo Lin Mo doesn't look like someone who deliberately stirs up trouble. There must be some misunderstanding here I can't control that much I warn you If you dare to intervene Don't blame me for being ruthless The Xiongbing Adventure Group is very powerful We must find a way to help Lin Mo Follow the directions on the map This is right Why can't I find anyone? boy what are you looking for I am Summoning Master Aisha Hello, tutor I want to upgrade the summoner's summoning space skill So that's it But to upgrade the space, you need space stones. As long as you can complete my task I might consider giving you a piece No problem what do i want to do I want you to refresh the Frostlands Nightmare difficulty dungeon record And the number of people in the team No more than six people Tell you secretly Current customs clearance record It's thirty minutes and twenty-six seconds Although I don't know who created it But this speed It's almost unbelievable I created it This mission should be no problem Leave it to me I advise you not to underestimate the difficulty of the abyss Even professional money-makers There is no one who can clear the level in half an hour. give me your hand I left a mark on your palm wait until you complete the task The mark will automatically change form I understand. Just wait for my good news. Ignorant little guy After entering the copy You deserve it so many people It seems that graduates level up at the large army level. It's time to refresh this copy No way, it's actually saturated Hey Lin Mo Brother Jianguo Who is this? This is my brother Hidden occupation boss summoner Strong old man However Still a little worse than me Right? Hey yes yes As long as you are happy Wow, brother is great There are so many new faces that I have never seen before After all We are not the only school in Beijiang City. You should be at a level where you can clear dungeons in the cloud, right? Why are you coming back to the Frost Land again? There needs to be a restart I couldn't get in for a whole week. Ah It actually restarted It seems A hell beast appears in the cloud copy Rumors that it swallowed up all the career changers who entered. It's also true However this hellish beast It seems to have been solved by a powerful and mysterious job changer. I heard The mysterious man was last year's top pick Meng Junchen No, no, no It is said that a college candidate turned the tide Cleared the map How is it possible among college candidates It's not that powerful at all You say so, brother? Right, right, right Hey, everything you said is right that is Zhen Meimei My third time today Saw her coming out of the copy Every time it's scarred I'll go over and have a look Don't be brave anymore when you're tired like this Go back and adjust your condition and take a rest. Lin Mo why are you here I'm also here to brush up the copy. Actually I already know you're the one Someone who sells a lot of equipment in the trading house so After encountering various dangers in the frost land these days, I just understand You have been letting me go before I just want to win or lose I always want to drive you away from home Alas, everything is over I didn't take it to heart It was all my fault before can you forgive me of course Who made you my cousin? What's going on with you two? Reconciled The copy is full today Let's form a team tomorrow Come early in the morning to upgrade Good The thigh belt flew off You can lie down and win There are many monsters in the frost land Just the three of us Is it too little? I'm here Three people are enough Recruiting high-quality teams Prepare to hit the nightmare copy record Leave garbage alone these three I've been shaking people since yesterday It's not all together yet. you know them You listen to them shouting here for a day You can also recognize They are benevolent They are all college candidates from No. 2 Middle School. The thin one is called Qin Tianfu The one with all the muscles in the body is Yan Kuan That girl seems to be named Guo Fang You can actually remember a man's name It's really strange Because the professions of the three of them are quite rare. I asked them yesterday They even laughed at me What the hell this beauty I heard that your profession is the legendary profession Frost Queen Do you want to brush up the dungeon with us? No need Not interested beauty Bring two copies of the oil bottle brush It will only affect the speed of your upgrade Hum It's my business who I go with. I don't need you to worry about me Shameless That girl didn't agree boss Forget it if you ask me So what if she is gone? Do you think there are legendary professions everywhere? Want to refresh replica records You have to attract enough high-quality teammates. I'd better go in person Classmate Zhen Meimei There are four days until the big exam. Why don't you team up with us? Everyone said they were not interested Why are you like flies? How is it I advise you to think about it No need to think about it I don't need Let's go, cousin Let's go in Don't know how to praise team up with them The best you can do is hang out on Elite difficulty Selected Go in Nightmare level cousin Nightmare level requires at least ten people to play together. I said It's okay if I'm here my brother Is it really that powerful? Idiot I specifically chose a nightmare level Just to show off to us, right? Those three rookies will definitely die. Find someone quickly Refresh the Frostlands Title rewards for customs clearance records Only given once a month We can't let other teams steal it. Don't worry, boss There won't be a team with higher quality than ours. This title must be ours The nightmare difficulty monsters are too strong Why don't we go out first? There is no need to risk your life just because of a copy. Please pay attention to your own safety Leave the monster to me Why did this monster escape? Are you afraid of me? Monsters in the nightmare copy do not actively attack I understand It must be some kind of special mechanism Hey hey hey little monsters Your father is here Come here and bite me Lin Mo Help God level boss summoning technique general slime attack what Successfully killed the Frost White Ape Experience plus 8,000 Oops, those two white apes are trying to escape God-level skill sharing buffalo charge This is dead Successfully killed the Frost White Ape Experience plus 8,000 Experience plus 8,000 Kill eight nightmare-level monsters in one breath The difference between my cousin and me It's really too big wow This summon is too powerful, right? It feels so soft Oops, it's so good to play Q This time it must be controlled within thirty minutes Only then can I refresh my previous record We need to speed up even more Nothing strange here anymore keep moving forward first time feeling It's so easy to brush the book Don't be too relaxed In the snowy ridge ahead There are more monsters than this Don't go in wait for me here these monsters More than twice as difficult as the Abyss Meteor stars gather Just now Use jump critical strike so many monsters He was killed in one move So spectacular This is Silver Level Wind Staff Throw it away There is no need to keep this kind of garbage This is rubbish That's right The boss has a silver-level ice crystal staff in his hand. Which one is more suitable for you This attribute bonus is too awesome, right? Lin Mo Look at me Handsome or not Stop being so pretty Go forward quickly This main city of ice and snow is too big, right? Is Roar okay? Why are these difficult monkeys again? Godly Slime General Successfully killed the Wind Demon Ape Experience plus three thousand two The efficiency of killing monsters is really high. With such strong attributes, Can also be summoned at the same time Twenty Goblins Frost War Lin Mo you alone Can't deal with so many goblin warriors? Do you want us to help you? No need Meteor stars gather I'm finally level 13 The feeling of lying down and winning is so good. I also upgraded Be careful About to fall what do you mean That's it This means Oops, what's wrong with this? Oops The Ice Mage's attack range is very large Please stand as far back as possible don't get too close to me The monsters in the ice sculptures on both sides Is it possible to wait? They will also jump out and attack us. cousin This boss Is it really okay for you to be alone? Don't worry Just hide behind General Slime But Your summons came to protect us what do you do Who said I only have one summon? Come out Goblin Summoner Did I read that right? Summoner Summoned a summoner who can summon summoned objects Are you reciting this jingle? good guy Why haven't I noticed it before? Goblins are so strong Come over and share the equipment. primary copy refresher This is good stuff this one is for you Thank you cousin Right We fought so efficiently Why is there no prompt? Refresh the customs clearance record? Because it was faster when I came alone before It should be about twenty-eight minutes. Clear the nightmare level dungeon in 28 minutes Now Qin Tianfu and the others Never have a chance to break the record Let those cannon fodder attract the attention of the Wind Demon Ape We moved back from the side road Understand I must get the title reward this time We are common people So happy today Look they came out Why did the fight last less than an hour? Didn't you clear the level? Who told them to pretend? Not teaming up with Qin Tianfu Also choose nightmare difficulty you There's no point in arguing with these people. Let me show you a few more times. This battle plan Is it the same as before? I'll do it myself this time Just stay where you are and wait for me ok ok After forming a team, all experience and drops are shared. I can be more efficient by myself After all, I still have the task of mentoring Elsa Divine Summoning set off Qin Tianfu and the others came out It only took two hours and five minutes boss Although several teammates died But the result is perfect Why is there no notification to refresh the record? Too bad Boss Qin Meng Junchen's record has long been broken Who broke it It's a guy named Lin Mo It only took him twenty-eight minutes to complete the level. Who is Lin Mo? Could it be He is a high-level second-level job transferee. Come to fry the fish pond Impossible Second job changer There are restrictions on brushing the funds. Congratulations Lin Mo Zhen Meimei Wang Jianguo Refresh the record of nightmare level dungeon in Frostland time twenty-seven minutes Refreshed again This time it only took twenty-seven minutes Refreshed the nightmare record twice Who is this Lin Mo? It's him No wonder Zhen Meimei wants to team up with him Turns out he's the hidden boss Absolutely impossible He must have used some despicable means Lin Mo Did you use illegal props? No How is that possible Completed Nightmare Difficulty in 27 minutes This is a trade secret How Not as fast as us You broke your defense Hum Just wait I want to report it to the Copy Monitoring Bureau So that you can't eat and walk around in circles Please help yourself dish Just practice more If you can't afford to lose, don't play Abominable Let's see Hum I'll hand in a task first The two of you can team up to play on a slightly lower difficulty level. The copy process is the same Rest assured Leave Meimei to me I'll pay her even if she loses a hair who wants your hair Elsa Tutor my task is completed Not bad, not bad This is the space stone promised to you before thank you glad to help you What problems will there be in the future? You can come to me Finally can upgrade the space no one around Just in time to try this stone Activate the Space Stone God-level summoning space upgrade Current summoning position Now the team can grow again Lin Mo, you make it easy for me to find you. Master Liang What do you want from me? Don't wander around alone on the street lately why Isn't it because you killed Xiong Mumu? People from the Xiongbing Adventure Group are searching for you everywhere. Hi it doesn't matter I'm not afraid I know your strength is not weak But the Xiongbing Adventure Group is hugely powerful It's better to be cautious Thank you, Master Liang, for the reminder. But if someone offends me I will offend Your level has been raised to level seventeen I am also level fifteen Have you received the news too? The ten days of leveling up are over It's time to go back without his help It's impossible for me to reach level 15 in ten days cousin thank you I was too willful before It's all over Just stop worrying about it Lin Mo you are my god Stop being so stupid I'm getting goosebumps Why haven't you come back yet? Oh, Lao Gao What are you in a hurry for? That's right Your school legend Rare Everything is hidden There must be someone who can take it. Stop teasing me Mind yourselves Haha Students from our school are back Open information panel Let me see your level Level 13 and Level 12 Not bad, not bad You can get admitted to a key university cut What are you proud of? Coming Meimei You are back I've gained a lot from leveling up these days, right? Show me the information quickly Level 15 OK great Our school has another genius Principal I am also level fifteen You can't be too lazy to do this what You, the crane tail, are at the same level as Zhen Meimei Who is the tail end of the crane? Show you my brother This is the real boss Level 17 He rose to level seventeen in just ten days how did he do it I'm going to the provincial capital tomorrow to take the national exam. You three, get ready strive for a blockbuster Don't worry, principal Easy to handle At my current level There is no candidate in Beijiang City who is my opponent. Meng Junchen, known as a genius At the fifteenth level, he won the provincial champion Then I will enter Kyoto University There shouldn't be any pressure. What age is this? And in such a retro way? And it was put on my head This is the special competition venue for the provincial capital exam. It seems like a palace There are many people inside Don't get stage fright after entering. Have you heard? There is a man named Lin Mo in Beijiang Reached level 17 with cheating items heard about it It is said that Director Bai helped him It seems that this guy surnamed Qin is spreading rumors. Lin Mo If you have anything to hide, tell me But don't cheat Principal Do you really believe this kind of rumor? I don't believe it But your upgrade speed is too weird So it will inevitably make people suspicious. It's useless to say more The test scores will prove everything After the exam starts Everyone will be teleported to a separate area Fight different monsters The more levels you pass The higher the points you get Your storage space will be locked During the exam Can't use props This guy really came back to life As expected of the young master of the Xiongbing Adventure Group Sure enough, rich and powerful Hum Let's see what other tricks he wants to play now The big exam officially begins Coming First level Assessment begins Please defeat the Camel Thorn King Divine Summoning From the information we have He can summon a boss level summoner Reached level seventeen in ten days Ability should be good The greater the hope Wait and see first Let's draw conclusions Jumping critical hit Candidate Lin Mo Pass the first level Just give it a second Have you let your guard down? No We set it up according to legendary professions That monster is three levels higher than Lin Mo. Second level Assessment begins Please defeat the violent black bear It is rumored that this shrine examination As the levels increase, and becomes more and more difficult Come to more challenging levels It's too boring to keep killing instantly. dead again This guy is a bit evil If you keep killing instantly How to analyze him? Reaction speed to monsters and fighting skills Find Director Bai from the Beijiang City Copy Monitoring Bureau what happened white game You should be familiar with this guy, right? It turns out you are monitoring Lin Mo. Yes This guy defeated all the bosses in both levels in seconds. There's no way to evaluate his fighting skills at all. His summons are very strong We need to restrict his summons first. Then put the monster strength Raise to the holy career stage At the same time Restricted summons Are you sure? What if he fails and gets injured? Oops What are you afraid of? I will bear all the consequences Since Bai Bureau has said so Then execute it The third level Assessment begins Please kill the Balrog You cannot use summons in this level If it were an ordinary summoner Can't rely on summons You can basically surrender directly. but for me Not a big problem God-level skill sharing Jumping critical hit No way Another second Then this point How to calculate it Now that the monster level has increased Calculate according to corresponding standards What do you think? No problem, just follow Bai Game's wishes The first round of assessment is over Candidate rankings announced now less than thirty points will be eliminated directly One thousand points Lin Mo Are you a pervert? Lin Mo You kid is so crazy Just wait I won't let you be proud for too long The content of the second round of assessment is Copy limited time challenge Copies are divided into four levels Kill monsters of different levels Different points can be obtained from five to twenty Time limit: sixty minutes I choose nightmare difficulty What about you? Of course it's the same as you Let's go That Lin Mo actually chose the nightmare level Although the summoner is good at fighting monsters, But he's not good at attacking in groups Doesn't he know his professional weakness? That's not necessarily the case Let's wait and see Could it be What other trump cards does Lin Mo have? This attribute is really weak But I can just use this group of monsters to earn points. The second round of testing begins please be prepared general slime Use meteorite gathering You have defeated all the rampaging zombies Quantity three hundred Earn six thousand points The second round of assessment ends Oops It's all too low-level no challenge Really fake i have never seen Such a powerful slime Lin Mo Why did you come out so quickly? No need to fight Is this kid really lacking in stamina? Eager for quick success Selected nightmare difficulty It's not going to be easy now I killed a hundred zombies This time I am the first The second round of assessment ends The exam results will be announced below The last 100 will be eliminated Dude Can I still take first place this time? Watch it yourself Seven thousand points for first place Could it be a mistake? This is a national exam how could it go wrong No way He actually did it within twenty seconds Killed three hundred nightmare-level zombies Abominable The second round is too unfair to our assassin profession After all, our advantage is one-on-one There is no group attack skill The third round of assessment is the control test A monster with high physical fitness will be generated in the field. Each time you successfully stun the monster for one second Get twenty points and so on Make the monster stiff great Isn't this tailor-made for me? If we talk about control ability A god-level bull-headed lord should be more suitable. Twenty thousand points of constitution It's indeed meaty enough Divine Summoning What's going on Lin Mo actually has other summoned beasts white game What is this guy's true strength? I don't know either According to the previous report of Master Liangyou His summoned beast is indeed General Slime Unless Unless something Unless he is the boss summoner This way After defeating the new boss Summons a defeated target Use bison charge Bison charge hits Causes seventy-second stun on target Shield Mountain One skill earned one thousand and fourteen points. cool But Not enough God-level skill sharing buffalo charge Share skills Bison charge hits Causes seventy-second stun on target Shield Mountain in one breath One hundred and forty seconds of dizziness This Lin Mo is not here for the exam You're here to get points, right? I can't think of a way Would you like to limit him? Forget it, forget it Let's take a look at the situation of other candidates. Whirlwind chain punch The performance of this Xiong Mumu has been very stable It's also a good seedling He is the son of the leader of the Xiongbing Adventure Group The level is still there I didn't expect that I could grind the boss to death just by relying on control. Although I still want to earn more points This can only go so far Lin Mo You must not die in the test Otherwise, my dragnet will be in vain. I must deal with you personally Let you try it too pain of losing life Lin Mo, why don't you come out yet? Could something have happened? It's impossible for something to happen He must be addicted to fighting This guy looks so bad He must have performed abnormally. Are you okay? Your total score is already difficult to surpass. Even if there is something wrong with this level It doesn't matter I accidentally killed Shield Mountain What what The third round of assessment ends The total score is as follows I'll go The second place's points are only a fraction of Lin Mo's. This is worse than a ghost Abominable How could this happen? Unexpectedly, there are only about twenty candidates left in Beijiang All the rest were eliminated The fourth round of assessment will enter the land of purgatory Potentially life-threatening risks Please make your own judgment whether to continue i want to move on I want it too Although it may not be as good as the two of you But I He's not the type to run away from battle. Fourth round of assessment While facing the flames of hell, Need to fight boss level monsters If you persist for ten minutes, you will be deemed to have passed the level. Earn two thousand points as reward We must strive for victory steadily Don't take risks Don't worry, principal Definitely no problem The assessment will start in one minute Candidates are asked to go through the portal Lin Mo the pain you brought me I will repay you twice as much Huh? Then I don't mind making you suffer again Lin Mo Just wait for me no doubt Lin Mo will definitely choose to kill the boss this time Earn an extra thousand points No I always feel like things are not that simple The four-dimensional attributes are so high The skills are still very abnormal The strength is worthy of the level of nightmare frost freeze Successfully kill the nightmare boss monster flaming marmot Add one thousand points It seems there is nothing wrong with my plan As soon as the boss appears Let the ice mage freeze it This will fill up 10 minutes Been brushing for so long It's time to sit down and rest for a while Let's eat something to replenish our energy first. Here we go again I hope my plan works Let's do it Successfully kill the nightmare boss monster flaming marmot Add one thousand points Is he taking an exam? It's obviously a picnic Does anyone care anymore? The point of your complaint should not be Why does he have a third summon? He is obviously only level 17 How can I have three summons at the same time? this This is not the boss of Frostland Ice mage? There are really more and more surprises on him What to say I also want him to be my son-in-law Forget it, forget it let him be This candidate has always behaved steadily Not bad evil beast suffer death Xiong Mumu is okay too Although high-end equipment has brought him great blessings, But financial resources are also a type of strength This candidate is a bit weak Victory lies in physical skills which are pretty good Look quickly This guy Lin Mo A boss in three seconds This is using a groundhog as a cash machine. time is up Assessment ends Are you okay? The environment inside is too bad I can only protect myself I can't spare the extra energy to kill the boss. If it weren't for our assassins teleporting I've been hanging in there for a long time Lin Mo Did you kill the boss secretly? kill I knew you wouldn't listen to me honestly However It's okay not to listen We must win the first place The fourth round results are now announced I go That Lin Mo actually increased by more than 200,000 points You shouldn't have killed two hundred bosses in one go, right? Alas, I could have killed more But time is limited Leave some way for other students to survive. The fifth round of assessment is about to begin Lin Mo Absolutely not allowed to stay Principal Why is there a fifth round of assessment? Previous years' exams Isn't it just four wheels? Principal What's going on? In the fifth round, you need to sign a confidentiality agreement It's normal that you don't know This fifth round of assessment What's the secret? What you are about to enter is a real fighting battlefield. There are not only monsters there There are also high-level career changer killers After entering the battlefield Your locations and information are interconnected You can choose to travel in a team You can also fight alone You need to survive in there for six hours Candidates who passed the examination Will be qualified to enter the Xia Kingdom Dragon Riding Team Dragoons? There is no conflict between joining the Dragoons and advancing to college it's a privilege I hope that among you Someone can successfully enter the Dragoons In that case You will gain higher authority among the human race It seems that entering the Dragoons It is one of the ways to obtain supreme authority. The fifth round of assessment is about to begin You can enter the fighting battlefield Compete for the honor of entering the Dragoons defend humanity You can also stop here The Dragoons also participated in that battle If I could just join the Dragoons Then I can find more clues about my parents. Hey Lin Mo I consumed too much in the last round I can't stay with you anymore It's okay It's important to take care of yourself The fifth round of assessment is so dangerous My dad won't allow me to participate Your scores are enough to enter Kyoto University. Candidates who choose to enter the fifth round of assessment Please go to the edge of the teleportation array b Once the plan is launched You will die I think that bear is weird Otherwise Let's team up you are I am Mei Chenggong, who is ranked fourth How is it Do you want to team up with me? Let's talk about it after we get in. without being sure of what's inside Forming a team hastily will only increase the risk With this communicator You can contact us at any time OK I don't know how the students' scores in other cities are. There is someone outside Don't take it lightly He is Gu Leng, the sixteenth-level legendary profession That's right He was the one who scored 7,000 points in one breath It seems that this time the provincial champion It has to be him several people How did Beijiang City perform this time? Forget it This year's results are so hard to describe. Look at your attitude It doesn't look like much Just look at the transcript yourself. Did you register wrongly? How could he earn 280,000 points? Lao Bai What is going on? Is this person cheating? you are questioning Are there any loopholes in the invigilation process? me I just Hum Your Dihai City wants to overwhelm us every year. I'd like to see it this year What are you chasing after? Was there any secret manipulation? Just meet the real chapter in the examination room. The teleportation array is about to open Please be prepared Divine Summoning Successfully kill ordinary monsters in hell night wolf Add five hundred points One monster actually scored 500 points Then I won't be polite Young leader here here Haha This cave is in the blind spot of the surveillance field of view Sure enough, no one noticed Lin Mo You can't escape this time Where is my dad? The leader is waiting for you inside You haven't been discovered, have you? Of course not Our heroic adventure group was selected by the above Come and be responsible for chasing down those great candidates in the fighting battlefield. This is really God helping me you see Lin Mo is here now Lin Mo leaves it to me to handle it. Just take the exam with peace of mind Give dad some air As long as Lin Mo can disappear completely Then I will be the provincial champion this year. general slime Prepare for political attack brother Don't do it It's one of our own It's you again I don't like teaming up with people Find someone else brother It's so scary here Just do it let me follow you He extended an olive branch to me many times What on earth is this man planning? Even if you don't team up with me let me follow you OK? I promise I will never interfere with your points collection. Keep dealing with him like this It will only delay my original rhythm Just leave him alone for now He will always show his true colors good opportunity Go to hell Do you think I would give my back to a stranger? Successful kill Mei Chenggong Earn three thousand nine hundred points After successfully killing the opponent Will get all his points No wonder it's called a fighting battlefield. So are all the creatures on this battlefield enemies? Lin Mo successfully killed Mei successfully. Add three thousand nine hundred points What's going on? Candidates from Beijiang City Why are they killing each other? Originally, this battlefield was full of dangers. How good it is now Not only do we have to avoid high-level career changers, You have to guard against being stabbed in the back by one of your own. Hum bunch of idiots Didn't you even see the point? what do you mean you Didn't you see Lin Mo's increased points? That Lin Mo It's obvious that he kills just for points. Lin Mo You are nothing Can you kill people at will just for a few points? The thing you least wanted to see happened. In last year's assessment It wasn't until the end that they were fighting each other. It seems This assessment will end early Who do you think will take first place this year? Lin Mo? He has now become a target of public criticism Lin Mo Don't let anything happen to you Slime General Quick Battle classmates There are more and more monsters now soon after That group of high-level career changers will appear To improve survival rate We have to team up I am Zuo Tian, who ranks second in Dihai City Welcome to team up with me I will never take action against you I am Dihai City Gu Leng is the first Classmates near me You can also form a team with me These two stinky fish and shrimps It's pretty easy to find a way to use it. Meteor stars gather Successfully kill ordinary monsters in hell night wolf Add 500 points to 500 points. Add 500 points to 500 points. Calculate the time That group of high-level job changers should also appear, right? Coming little doll I can give you three seconds to escape No need Yo ho Are all young people today so arrogant? I will pay with my life for your arrogance Is that all you can do? It's my turn to take action, right? general slime This guy's summons are too outrageous, right? now I'll give you three seconds to escape. Successfully defeated the high-level job changer Points plus one thousand Oops The pursuers were repelled so quickly. In the previous fighting battlefield But this has never happened before Not bad This candidate is very popular with me Gu Leng successfully killed Liao Dong Gu Leng successfully killed Liu Yun Points plus four thousand eighty Points plus four thousand five Zuo Tian successfully killed Wang Hao and Xu Fan Points plus four thousand two thousand five These fools It's a pity Let that boy Xiong Mumu run away Hey Boss Gu Don't make any plans for me We are both from Dihai City Give me some face I don't have time to talk to you now Gu Leng On Lin Mo's body There are three hundred thousand points As long as you can kill him This top pick is none other than you. Oops This is Lin Mo Now it's a battle between trapped beasts I don't think so Are you preparing to join forces to besiege me? Either way Save me the trouble of finding you one by one. leader He is Lin Mo Let's do it Wait Wait first Mumu You go out first to attract Lin Mo's attention. When he was beaten and seriously injured Let's attack together again Help you get his points Good Hum You are that garbage summoner Lin Mo Boss Gu What nonsense are you talking to him about? Just kill it directly Lin Mo we meet again So much nonsense Stop wasting my time You three come together suffer death wait a moment Lin Mo's strength should not be underestimated Taking action hastily will only be detrimental to us. you are afraid I once fought against Lin Mo His summons are really powerful So what? you two Just hold on to his summons I'll kill him Want us to help you attract firepower? Then you kill Lin Mo yourself to earn points As expected of Boss Gu The abacus here is really good. Why haven't they taken action yet? Change will happen later I really can't wait any longer Brother, give it to me Kill Not good High-level pursuers are coming Let's hurry farewell The target of that group of people was Lin Mo I won't do anything to you And we can just take this opportunity Slowly besiege Lin Mo to death Why do you dare to be so sure? I won't lie to you. Trust me. What are you doing? Get up No Lin Mo must die in my hands Those points of his It can only be mine rules Rachel War Hammer shock Divine Summoning Divine Bull Shield frost freeze How is it Do you want to continue? Summoned four summons in one breath everyone Concentrate your firepower first Kill that Minotaur in seconds God-level bull-headed lord Armor of Thorns Give it all to me To capture the thief, capture the king first Who can deal with Lin Mo? I will be rewarded heavily This Lin Mo It's too perverted A good man doesn't suffer the immediate consequences Take advantage of the chaos and get away you two Now that we are here Just stay Who wants to stay with a pervert like you? I don't want to play anymore But I didn't agree to let you go Meteor stars gather Damn it Why can't I control my body? Brother Lin, I was wrong sorry Please let me go I warn you I am the son of the Gu family in Dihai City. if you kill me I won't let you go The last words are over Then go to hell Lin Mo successfully killed Gu Leng Add 16,000 points Lin Mo successfully killed Zuo Tian Points plus Twenty thousand seven hundred Lin Mo As long as you are willing to let our father and son go from now on We don't owe each other Hum do you think Will I leave any hidden dangers for myself? goblin warrior Take action No Don't come here This kid is murderous You can never join our dragon cavalry team why not Did he take the initiative to find someone to kill? This is There won't be another round of assessment, right? Then isn't that Wang Jianguo and the others? Where did this come from? Lin Mo What's going on? look above Could this be demon in hell Finished Now we're dead this time I will personally tear apart the last hope of your human race You are really evil-minded Xu Mo, you can't stop me That white figure is I'm not the little monster in your copy I have plenty of means Looking for death This is not my body No matter how much you kill me I can't save you human children either. What the hell is this? Hahahahahaha Dear candidates I am the five-star general Xu Mo Although I have invaded Defeat the hell demons fighting on the battlefield But it still took advantage of it It isolates you in the space of the fighting battlefield And sent the hell monsters in The portal has been destroyed So we can't enter the fighting battlefield for the time being. But since you have chosen to become career changers, Be fearless hell monster It's all an experience delivered to your doorstep. Lin Mo What General Xu just said Does it mean We will fight on this battlefield until Until they rescue us That's right Divine Summoning get ready A large number of experience monsters are approaching Being able to face hell-level monsters with such composure I'm really not as good as him These students are the future of Xia State The portal must be repaired as soon as possible I'll make arrangements right away cousin The opposite side is an extremely powerful hell monster. Yes Just the few dozen of us I can really get away from those numerical monsters Survive? Worrying about these things now is of no use Just adapt to circumstances Everyone, look There's movement there I thought the hell monsters were so powerful Such a low value I can kill three of them with one shot. I go Why are there so many? How to fight this This is scary Aren't you humans always fearless? Do you want to play a game with me? That devil Wasn't it broken? Why are you still there? It should be a remnant of consciousness You nominate one person to challenge me. Whether he lives or dies in the end you all can be rescued how Lord War Commander what do you think That devil treats these children as toys Even if someone does come forward It won't let others go easily either So what should I do? This devil is best at using scheming tactics. It wants to pass this way to allow children to disintegrate themselves from within Don't listen to it, everyone Make a deal with the devil We can't take any advantage he is dead Either you all die Or find a scapegoat Let's just pick anyone to go Even if you die He is the only one who will die It's better than all of them dying in battle you Why are you so shameless? Go on your own let me do it Don't you want to live? Even if you have four summons That's too dangerous Don't worry It'll be okay Who is he? can it be done He is Lin Mo from Beijiang City I heard the points are pretty high Believe in Lin Mo Since he chose to stand up It means you have enough confidence No I can't let him take the risk alone Then take me one too The three of us carry it together The three of them are so handsome Simply the light of humanity Lin Mo Come on I'm optimistic about you Beijiang City you are so handsome What to pretend to be These three people must be hiding the soul gem Waiting to die and be resurrected I just want to take this opportunity to shine. Fortunately, it created a wave of goodwill in front of the senior management of the Dragoons. Someone really stood up Then let my children Let's play with you It's Lin Mo He actually stepped forward What a bold artist! Even if it's him There's no way I can hold on for too long. go ahead Tear these three idiots into pieces Divine Bull Shield I go This shield is too powerful, right? My physique is almost three thousand God level split Meteor stars gather Have some ability However That's it Come together Trivial skills Too strong No wonder he got so many points It's your turn Kill the hell elite monsters Bone Wolf Experience plus thirty thousand Congratulations on the host upgrade The current level is eighteen you just Don't you still look down on others? Why don't you speak? cut If I had such a powerful summoner Me too I'm scared So shameless Lord War Commander Look Lin Mo killed them all This son The future is promising Lord War Commander The crisis on the battlefield now It's been lifted, right? No Things are not that simple The light of Lin Mo I also upgraded What about you? me too You succeeded in irritating me Prepare for my wrath I'd like to see it How do you resist this wave of attacks at the same time? Damn it This guy totally pissed off the devil from hell. We're all done playing now Since we are career changers Should be fearless this time We can no longer let Lin Mo carry it alone. That's right, carry it together Since they choose to stand behind me Then let's share this experience that is brought to our lips. Wouldn't you think You are the only one who can control a wolf, right? Divine Summoning Hell Flame Wolf Terran boy suffer death Cataclysm frost freeze The hunt begins You're looking down on us too much, right? rush I cut This wolfskin is too thick, right? I've cut more than a dozen times but haven't gotten through it yet. Who is this Lin Mo? Picking out dozens of them at the same time Don't run My experience baby Terran boy I'm going to make you pay the price It turns out you, the shrunken turtle, are hiding here. general slime I'll throw you out later Go take aim at that devil face Do you understand? Bite General Slime's trident Throw it in that devil's face what are you going to do God level split Don't come here Jumping critical hit Damn human boy I remember you This king will definitely settle the score with you. It's finally over No one was hurt, right? brother You are a bit more handsome, right? It's a pity The wave just now killed more than 2,000 mobs. It would be nice if I could kill a few thousand more cousin You are so perverted Lin Mo thank you you are so awesome Lord War Commander The portal is repaired Get the students out quickly Oops This Lin Mo is calm and collected in situations Able to fight and command What a good seedling Who said before that Lin Mo was murderous? Not suitable for joining the Dragoons this I made a mistake Like Lin Mo A good boy who stands up in times of crisis The Dragoons are going to lock him down It's time to announce the final rankings of the big exam I'll arrange it now Finally out Are you all okay? Principal Thanks to Lin Mo this time we can survive Just be fine Let's all take a break first. The final results will be announced soon This year's standings I'm afraid it will shock the whole country. Lin Mo's score is incredible Do we really have to calculate it according to the normal ranking? The above means The total score is determined by exam points and the expressions of fighting on the battlefield are divided into Lin Mo is undoubtedly the number one But if we really want to rank according to normal Compared with Lin Mo Other people's scores are too ugly. How strange Information about the one called Xiong Mumu Why did it suddenly disappear? I can't control that much anymore We just need to maintain normal rankings. Since none of you have any objections, It's time to announce the rankings The final results have been tallied Big screen please Wow Lin Mo is so awesome, right? Then who are the third and fourth? Never seen it in the rankings before Gu Leng and Mei Weigong Why is it not ranked? cousin Congratulations on winning first place Your performance is also good As expected of me, Wang Jianguo's buddy never let me down Why did I fail? There must be some inside story According to the survey You are on the battlefield Has disrupted military morale many times Even when fighting in groups, they flinch repeatedly I did it to save my life what's wrong with me Like you are so greedy for life and afraid of death selfish person It is impossible to be accepted by higher education institutions It's all over Dear candidates The person who won the first prize in the country in this year's college entrance examination is Lin Mo Lin Mo Lin Mo Lin Mo Where did this person named Lin Mo come from? Why is it so powerful? this little guy He has perfectly inherited the legacy of his parents. parents what does it mean you forgot His surname is Lin It turns out he is that man's son No wonder it's so good Okay, okay It's time for us to go back Lin Mo You stay for a while You guys go first Contact us later Good Director Bai, what do you want from me? No It's the senior officer of the Dragoons who wants to talk to you. Xiaomo It just so happens that my daughter is also studying at Kyoto University. After you go There can also be someone to take care of you This is my daughter's phone number Remember to contact her in advance She will help you prepare newborn supplies in advance Director Bai thank you for your kindness but these things I can prepare it myself Are you Lin Mo? it's me What a strong pressure Still able to be so calm in the face of my pressure This guy is really stable enough I don't know what General Xu ordered. I want to give you an understanding The chance of the great war ten years ago Really? As long as you can successfully pass the assessment If you join the Dragoons I'll tell you everything that happened ten years ago But the fifth round of assessment Isn't it just selecting the dragoons? That's just a preliminary screening If you want to become an official team member You have to pass the formal assessment to join the team. Not only that I still come here specially for you Awarded with national champion prize There are 100,000 points in this card In addition These two basic and intermediate skill books Can help you learn additional career skills These two skill books are much more affordable than points. Of course For the number one scholar These alone are not enough This is the ticket to the realm of delusion Such a luxurious reward You are eligible for this additional reward At the same time I am also the honorary principal of Kyoto University. respect you Thank you Xu Zhan for taking me seriously I will definitely live up to my expectations Go back and rest early Tomorrow I will send someone to pick you up and take you to the Dragoons After a long day of tossing Finally arrived home little darlings The boss is coming Start feeding General Slime's god-level skills were successfully developed Obtain the skill God Level Expansion Body size can expand a hundred times God-level bull-headed lord Goblin Summoner Hell Flame Wolf Feeding completed The ice mage's god-level skills were successfully developed Obtain the skill God-level Ice Wall Can create an ice wall ten times as hard as its own properties Congratulations to the host Professional skills god-level feeding upgrade The current level is level seven Feed the summons The summoned object can obtain a hundredfold increase in all attributes. Learned the restraint of this heart I don't know what skills it will turn into at the divine level. Spam skill intrusion detected Automatically transform into a god-level soul-breaking technique It turned out to be the long-lost taboo magic Soul Breaking Technique This skill is too ostentatious Before strengthening the four-dimensional attributes Use it with caution Another skill actually requires level 25 You can only learn after completing the second transfer Now even the name can't be displayed Forget it First give me something that can be exchanged for money Go to the auction house and sell it These And these All on consignment Strange Materials I bought recently They are all called that General Slime was sold on consignment by my little brother's guy. Everything I bought was from him. I don't know who this guy is either. So powerful I guess it's a new one Leader of the adventure group wait a moment Something happened little brother Look at your immature look He must have just finished the big exam, right? Are you interested in joining our Dana Wang adventure group? Make extra money No I see you don't even have any decent equipment. I must not have been admitted to a higher education institution. Join Dana Wang I hope you have a good future Lin Mo Master Liang I heard that you got the top score in the country Congratulations Complete National champion I said they didn't pass the exam Slipping away Your grades are so good Don't plan to treat me to a meal Repay the kindness of teaching Okay I heard this guy was a one-timer Got hundreds of thousands of points He must be slaughtered properly. this is What you bought me to eat It seems It's beneath your status as the number one scholar in the country. waiter Add another bowl of spicy soup It seems impossible for me I'm taking advantage of you Don't you want to eat? I just want to take it back Eat your own This meal of buns cost me two gold coins. Little friend I hope everything goes well for you ahead Master Liang I'm leaving first See you again another day Remember to treat me to something expensive next time Why did General Xu Mo come to pick me up in person? Let's go I'll take you to the headquarters of the Xia Kingdom Dragoons Don't you need to take a car? This is shuttle space It can get us to Kyoto in one hour get ready started This is the headquarters of the Xia Kingdom Dragoons Adjacent to Kyoto University If your information is not entered in advance You have been ground to powder It seems that it is both a gate and a gate It is also the strongest defensive device. That's right Xu Mozhan has brought you back Lin Mo This is the logistics manager Mr. Qian Shu Are you the new member Xu Zhanjiang mentioned? I will definitely take care of your food, clothing, housing and transportation well arranged No He is not an official member yet I'm here to take the exam. You have five days to prepare Must be within five days Raise the level to level 20 I understand Then I will hand you over to Qian Lao first. Our place is in the same system as Kyoto University Whatever you want, you have to use points to redeem it. What kind of dormitory do you plan to live in? Eight-person room Or a single luxury villa? Ah of course Eight-person rooms are relatively cheap Only 1,000 points a month A single luxury villa costs 20,000 points I want a regular single room Why do you need 10,000 points? Points are very precious to you as a new student. There is no need to worry about the living environment Spending so many points? I like to be clean It's a single room. It's comfortable. young man You spent all your points in one go You will feel better in the future Give me your points card More than 600,000 points Are you really a great candidate? Yes Is there any problem? I've never seen a freshman There are so many points Your rent has been paid You can check in Ah, besides This place is connected to Kyoto University. When you report to Kyoto University Take out the Dragoons' accommodation voucher You can continue to stay in rooms of the same price range. That's equivalent to spending a share of money Can stay in two rooms at the same time Here you go. This is your room card. Oh, don't blame me for talking too much. I advise you to try not to talk to the people in the dormitory next door. Their tempers are very strange Thank you Mr. Qian for the reminder. New here My name is Wang Hao and I am new here. Let's make friends Lin Mo Although you talk little, But he's much better than the arrogant grandson next to him Let's go I'll take you to the cafeteria to eat By the way, let me familiarize you with the environment here. ok a while I'll take you to level up to earn points Military rank assessment in five days You must reach level 20 to participate So after we get the military rank Then you can start performing missions as a dragoon. Of course not Even if he becomes an official team member We have to continue studying at university first. The front is the exclusive copy of Dragon Knight. I heard that a lot of financial and material resources were spent on the construction. Another wave of new students has arrived I don't know if they will be able to stay in five days. It's hard to say Among these freshmen I am only optimistic about Liu Feng, the Mage of Destiny After all, he ranked first in the Kyoto University Examination Who is Liu Feng? That's the Brother Liu I'm talking about. he's coming Oh Brother Liu you are here Came here again to gain experience Didn't I rub it against you yesterday? Oops It's Brother Liu who is so awesome I still want to meet you today I happen to have a friend I also want to see the world friends Boasting Just a nest of snakes and rats You're just trash who wants to have sex for free. You want to upgrade, right? Then follow the rules Five hundred points at a time, I understand What are you doing standing there stupidly? Quickly transfer points to Brother Liu. It's just a team It also costs points Brother Liu is an eighteenth-level destiny archmage. That copy is very dangerous. Only by following him can you level up safely Well, it's the first time to brush this copy You should be more cautious But giving him 500 points always feels like a loss. Well, this is a good opportunity to test their true abilities. I gave you these five hundred points. Since we have to form a team Then let's get to know each other It is convenient to cooperate with each other after entering. Hey, I'll come first I am the sixteenth-level legendary professional boxing king Able to carry and fight My name is Ning Caier Level 7 Legendary Professional Holy Light Priest Mainly responsible for treatment Luo Gang Level 17 Legendary Professional Curse King Can debuff monsters Ren Dong's level 17 legendary profession Light of Holy War resists damage It's your turn Lin Mo Level 18 Unique hidden occupation boss summoner Summoner I heard that this year's top pick in the country He's also a summoner You are the top pick in the country I lost Why didn't you tell me earlier? I actually became a neighbor with the number one scholar in the country. So what if I'm the top pick in the country? It's just a name Only profession is strong is the real strength Hidden careers over the years One is more useless than the other Summoner It's rubbish among rubbish Take care of your summons Don't let those incompetent pets run wild This place is different from the big exam Don't hold me back after you enroll. A bunch of trash whose pretensions are greater than their ability Ah, it turns out there are dungeons of different levels to choose from. Quite convenient Before level 20 We can only choose Brokeback Island There are cannibal monsters on that island And they are also divided into different professions such as wizards and warriors. OK You can go in There's a new guy in the team this time So I repeat the precautions Broken Arm Island is divided into three levels we have to do it within half an hour The first hurdle to break through the siege of ordinary cannibals Otherwise Boss attributes for later levels will increase over time Last time it was because someone slowed me down The pig head butcher that leads to the second level Enhanced by a full ten percent If Liu Feng hadn't been there, We were completely defeated by it. this You and Ren Dong go and open the door Got it Let's open the door here first Kill the monster first After alleviating some pressure Then take the opportunity to break through Luo Gang Put a slowing curse on monsters Understand The movement speed of this group of monsters Already slowed down by 20% Ren Dong Wang Hao You carry it in front Cai'er Ready to add blood at any time This Liu Feng acts so cautiously It seems that this copy It's really difficult Boss Liu These monsters are stronger than before mutated Not good It's a blood tide they are affected Each attribute has an additional 800 points. Ice art frost falls I've already slowed them down by 80%. But it can only last ten seconds It must be within these ten seconds Control all monsters Or rush out But we It's impossible to do it within ten seconds Kill so many monsters in one go Yes There are at least dozens of monsters here There's no way to break through Otherwise, let's exit first. After all, saving your life is important. Let me try it It's up to you Stop kidding Dude Are you hiding any tricks? Ning Cai'er Why don't you give me some blood? Can you stop just looking after Ren Dong? Oh, I'm adding more Why is there so much going on? Just add that much It's over. It's a dead end. You can't die as long as I'm here God-level Summoning Slime General What did you think it was? It's actually a summoned creature that's weaker than Goblins. What's the use of calling it out? Do you want to laugh to death at the cannibal? Wang Hao, please withdraw first. Just let my summons hold it up are you sure Of course God level split Why has it become smaller? Isn't this easier to destroy? Meteor stars gather Jumping critical hit This move is so cool, right? If our skills hadn't weakened the ogre's ability There's no way you can successfully kill them. childish Everyone worked hard this round Next, continue to listen to my instructions King of leak pickers You can really tell lies with your eyes open It was clearly Lin Mo who saved us just now Lin Mo I will hang out with you from now on Next time, let's brush it up ourselves Don't hang out with teammates like this who can only brag. This guy is quite loyal How Don't want to upgrade with us? I won't stand your arrogance anymore Return the points to me quickly Now that I have joined a team If you want to separate We have to wait until this round of dungeons is finished. Two people missing The speed of brushing will be greatly slowed down Can't let them leave now Let's go Go to next level Ren Dong and Wang Hao are responsible for pulling monsters Lin Mo Let your summons take the damage in front Why am I the one taking the blame again? Ning Caier, please stop being partial to me. It depends on my mood Can you, woman, be reasonable? Coming Copy elite monster cannibal butcher black blood infection The infection is still there The blood tide hasn't receded yet Lin Mo Let your summons take the damage at the front I really can't bear it anymore Ren Dong and the others come up again How can anyone let a summoned creature act as a human shield? If the summon dies Lin Mo has no fighting ability anymore Do you dare to question my decision-making? This is the best solution at the moment Isn't it just a summoned object? Wouldn't it be enough to practice one more in the future? Summoned objects are nothing compared to people. The minority obeys the majority What do you think? Bro, they made it clear that they want your summons to die. At worst, we'll return the copy It doesn't matter I can promise you But The premise is that Ning Cai'er must apologize to Wang Hao why Is it because I didn't add blood to him in time? What's the big deal? Go and apologize to him Then none of us take action Let the summoned creature die completely I understand sorry Forget it, forget it As an adult, I don't care about the faults of villains. Is it ok? OK Don't go there, it's a scam You guys are so despicable This is what he asked for What does it have to do with us? God-level skill sharing Divine Bull Shield Stop looking Please help Curse of Slowing Did you deliberately put the slowdown on Lin Mo's summons? Sorry, my hand slipped don't worry I won't be biased You just want to kill Lin Mo's summons It's my turn Jumping critical hit This Lin Mo is so strong this person Never stay Lin Mo You are so strong You will definitely be convinced this time Where are they? It's better to go It's so noisy It's over, it's over It's a level 20 boss monster. Don't panic My little brother can handle it There was an earthquake Wrong That's black blood Once swallowed by black blood We must die It must have been done by Liu Feng and the others. let's run This is an island You can only escape from the dungeon by exiting it But Already here How could you give up this opportunity to redeem your capital so easily? Big brother This is urgent Just don't think about brushing your books. Black blood plus boss Lin Mo You're dead this time what is that Divine Summoning God-level bull-headed lord No. The second summon buffalo charge The black blood is getting closer Lin Mo, let's retreat quickly. general slime Jumping critical hit Successfully kill the elite dungeon boss monster Cannibal Porcupine experience added 50,000 Sorry, the black blood is coming Hide behind me Divine Bull Shield share Can this really be blocked? No problem in the short term But it won't last long these black blood Has strong corrosive ability We have to retreat to the portal quickly. Is it my imagination? Your summons seem to be slowing down No these black blood It does have a deceleration effect Summon other summons Will also be restricted by black blood Not as good as God-level expansion Look what is that What's going on Lin Mo I will remember you forever My blood keeps falling Ning Caier, hurry up and add some blood to me. fuck you Find your own way I have too much time to take care of myself, so how can I have time to care about you? Lin Mo, you are my savior I will prepare your breakfast from now on thank you You're welcome Let's go out first Take a break and continue writing this book brush I have something good You can directly skip the copy of the CD It stinks so much This smells so disgusting Lin Mo Why did you sneak up on us with black blood? It's you who are incompetent I can't resist the black blood What does it have to do with me You still have the nerve to say It's obviously you despicable people who secretly let out black blood. Trying to kill us Why is this so? This is too outrageous, right? Everyone I am Liu Feng, the number one scholar in Kyoto I kindly took them both to brush up their books. Turns out they want to keep the reward for themselves So they secretly planned to release black blood to harm us. Also please Make the decision for us We almost died here Are good people destined to have no good rewards? It turns out that these two guys were confusing right and wrong. I almost believed his lies Fart It's obviously you who repay kindness with hatred To kill Lin Mo's summons Really? Then why do we have black blood on us? But you don't have it It seems the victim It's really Liu Feng and the others These two actually harmed their teammates Never team up with them in the future In case you don't know when you will be killed Don't bully others too much Stop arguing with them. Do we really have nothing to explain? Are you watching them throw dirty water? It's a waste of time to argue with a dishonest dog. give me some time Wait for me to clear the storage space Then continue to brush the book OK then Why are you pretending that no one will team up with you? Waiting to be eliminated Liu Feng Our team welcomes you Are you interested in joining? Very happy There are eleven of us now You can try to challenge the Abyss dungeon. good idea I agree The summoning value of this thing is not much Go back and feed it directly to other summons. Let's go Is it just the two of us? It seems that I can only brush the normal level. I'm going to take you to the nightmare level what You're not afraid of flashing your tongue either Still a nightmare It's really laughable A mere abyss level experience Dogs don't care Damn it, you really chose nightmare what to do what to do I heard that this nightmare-level possession The blood mist will make us continue to lose blood. This is a small primary blood bottle that I have treasured for a long time. Can restore some blood volume I hope I can withstand the blood mist Use it sparingly This bottle costs ten gold coins. Why don't you answer the call? Are you afraid that I will ask you for money? Just think of these 20 gold coins as the fee for me to help you clear the dungeon. Much more cost-effective than the five hundred points That must be a good deal But the problem now is How are we going to get rid of these cannibals? Fight a bloody path do you have any arrangements Just go and sit there and watch me fight. are you sure Oh, stop being so long-winded. Hurry up. Okay, remember to call me if you need help. Divine Summoning I go You actually have a summons Summon Goblin Warrior this this Lin Mo, you are so awesome Worthy of being the number one scholar in the country open the door Is this A bit too bullying My biological mother A total increase of more than six million experience points It feels so comfortable to lie down and win, right? Just a little bit closer to reaching level 19. Let's go Go to next level Coming The Pig Head Butcher is much stronger than before Just the two of us Is it really possible? Don't believe it Then give it a try Send such a dwarf to fight Is it really okay? It's just seconds It even dropped handmade equipment materials. Make a fortune now Is this thing difficult to do? Handmade equipment materials and alchemy materials But the thing with the lowest drop rate Of course it's difficult I have a lot of this kind of material I can take the time to get some handmade equipment to play with later. Hey Lin Mo, be careful The four-dimensional attributes of this porcupine monster are ridiculously high Is it high? ok You move back a little first To avoid being accidentally injured Oh right How many points did you get in the college entrance examination? It must be at least hundreds of thousands. Not much Just over 600,000 That is One hundred thousand, two hundred thousand and three hundred thousand Lin Mo, are you still human? Get 600,000 points in one go This is too outrageous, right? This is using the boss as a mob. Didn't drop the boss crystal Wang Hao what did you just say It's nothing, I'm just complimenting you Two thousand portions of black blood soup Now I'm totally rich Wrong This porcupine is not the final boss And the ultimate boss Could it be that he suddenly attacked us from behind? Is it black blood again? It's different this time We can't beat Lin Mo. It's better to withdraw quickly Scary? I do find it quite challenging. Divine Summoning Hell Flame Wolf Between the two of you, who is the boss of the dungeon? Looking for death Want to play group attack with me? Then I'll play with you Cataclysm buffalo charge goblin warrior Successful kill Nightmare copy boss monster Broken Arm Black Blood Demon Experience plus 500,000 Black Blood Crystal Congratulations to the host, the current level is nineteen boss crystal Good stuff Before fully finding out the details of Wang Hao, He must not be allowed to know the existence of the boss crystal Wow I actually got a top-notch alchemy material Black Blood Crystal Stop kissing It's time to publish a book Hey, slow down Don't drop my black blood crystal He was beaten out so quickly The two loads must be forced to upgrade to the nightmare level. Was it forcibly teleported? Congratulations to Lin Mo and Wang Hao Refresh Brokeback Island Nightmare Level Dungeon Record Takes eighteen minutes Ah, this, this It only took eighteen minutes to clear the nightmare level. what It only took eighteen minutes It set a new record for the nightmare-level Broken Arm Island copy. The record of this nightmare level copy It has not been broken for more than ten years. Which college entrance examination champion refreshed this time? Not sure The people below have only received it for now Record refresh messages You know it without guessing It must be Liu Feng, the top scorer in the college entrance examination. After all, he is comparable to the divine level The legendary great mage of destiny Maybe Liu Feng him Wow, so awesome Just two people refreshing the nightmare dungeon is incredible. Hehe, strength is the truth Let me look at this Who dares to gossip about us? These grandsons actually robbed our things It was clearly agreed that the dropped items would be distributed fairly by him. As a result, they swallowed the Black Blood Crystal alone and one hundred portions of black blood soup without me Can you break through the Abyss dungeon? Then you can't monopolize the black blood soup, right? Why don't you score some points with us? Give you fifty copies Don't bother us anymore It's mine, don't take it from me Oops Isn't it just a few servings of black blood soup? As for this? You kid knows nothing This is a copy that only exists above the abyss The black blood soup will only be dropped It's worth a lot of money You two don't have the guys your team wants. Didn't you go to the nightmare copy? What's wrong I was scared out of my mind so quickly They just refreshed the copy record Ah what Query the refresh record of the number of copies of Nightmare Level Broken Arm Island Lin Mo and Wang Hao refresh Broken Arm Island The nightmare level dungeon record took 18 minutes this is impossible Oops, a dozen or so people will go through the dungeon It's really pitiful that we only got so little in the end. It's not like us, it's so easy Just get thousands of copies of black blood soup Let's go and get the nightmare level too Boss Liu, don't be impulsive. Strike while the iron is hot, let's go again Boss, let's prepare to end the battle in a few minutes this time. within ten minutes Got the order Goodbye This time I plan to make a quick decision You follow me and be safe Well, feel free to kill the enemy I will find a place to live well Divine Summoning one two three four Summon five summons in one breath start Successfully killed the elite monster in the nightmare copy Cannibal Porcupine Cannibal Butcher Cannibal Mage Cannibal Monster Experience plus 200,000 Experience plus 20,000 Experience +200000 Successfully killed the nightmare dungeon boss monster Black Blood Demon with Broken Arm gets 500,000 experience bonus Boss, from now on, I will only follow your lead. Congratulations Lin Mo Wang Hao Refresh Brokeback Island Nightmare level copy record time eight minutes No I will never allow him to outshine me Obviously I am the strongest of the new generation of Dragoons. I am Liu Feng I have something to look for you let's go latest news Records of the Nightmare Level Dungeon on Brokeback Island Refreshed again This time it's eight minutes Those who choose Brokeback Island are all newcomers. How could a newcomer clear the nightmare level in eight minutes? This person must have cheated. I've sent someone to the dungeon hall to check. Results will be available soon Let's continue tomorrow Get up and have a meal Oh no I have something else to do The boss has a lot of schedules There happened to be no one nearby Just here long wait Divine Summoning This is the first summon with a healing effect. This is the first summon with a healing effect. It's a pity The forward swing of Red Blood Changhong is too long Everyone I've sent someone to verify it It was the same person who set the record twice. His name is Lin Mo That national champion Lin Mo I don't trust a weak summoner Can refresh records There must be something wrong here Lin Mo is not an ordinary summoner. What's more, if he doesn't have any real ability, How did he get the top prize in the country? Excuse me Where can I find an alchemist? new arrival Why are you looking for an alchemist? Charge the copy refresher come with me It takes at least 20,000 points to recharge it. Do you have enough points? If you bring your own charging materials It's cheaper enough Twenty thousand points It's really enough for a lion to open his mouth. Create a handmade set Fair price Beginners will be trained to maintain a stable attitude and never get angry. His prices are quite reasonable And I'm here He doesn't dare to trick you I want to recharge it what price For the sake of this aunt Calculate your 15,000 points plus 150,000 gold coins. Wait If there is this Can it be cheaper? Are you going to farm the abyss-level Broken Arm Island? Awesome Can it be cheap Just give me another two thousand points. With this, I still need points. Can this be used as points? My mother This is so worth it These should be enough for two thousand points, right? enough enough Where did you get so much black blood soup? I got it by brushing a copy. You are brushing the book I'd better go buy some goods. Even if you have the materials, you can't use them so randomly. Don't you have hundreds of copies? Why not just give him two thousand points? It's okay. I have plenty of this stuff. Already charged for you This thousand servings of black blood soup are for you As reward for bringing me here one thousand copies What a generous move I'm leaving first Thank you for helping me lead the way Thank you also for the black blood soup finally found you Someone is bullying your brother He has made an appointment I'll block that guy in the dungeon teleportation hall tomorrow. I know Lin Mo Let's go I'll treat you to breakfast It's only four o'clock now As for being so early? It's still early The dungeon teleportation hall opens at three in the morning. The Dragoons are too capable of getting involved, right? There's something wrong with the atmosphere around here. new arrival I heard that you refreshed the dungeon yesterday and came up with a lot of things. Hand it over quickly Why This is the rule He is an official team member We can't afford to offend him It's better not to choke with him I've never heard of such a rule It was obviously him who bullied Xiao Feng first i know Leave it to me It seems there are some fair people here. It turns out you are that Lin Mo For the sake of giving me black blood soup You apologize to Xiao Feng Even if this matter is over Another one that I can't carry clearly Apology is impossible It was Liu Feng and the others who deliberately released black blood to harm us. If I really want to apologize, he will apologize to me. It's true that a newborn cow is not afraid of tigers. How dare you refuse Liu Jie Lin Mo, why don't we apologize? The strength of those official members of the Dragoons is very abnormal. I heard that you can clear the dungeon alone No we are not wrong Do you dare to accept my challenge? if i win Just apologize to Liu Feng if you win Liu Feng not only wants to apologize to you I will personally reward you with another 10,000 points. He's the one who's been very popular recently That national champion Lin Mo The rules are simple Elite level copy of Brokeback Island I just brush You can form a team as you like The one with the shortest time wins I thought she was very strong It turns out that I only dare to compete with the elite level. Sister He and that Wang Hao Refreshed the nightmare dungeon record twice in a row Don't underestimate the enemy Nightmare level Just him Unless he used cheating tools Say it first If I find you using cheating items during the challenge I will report it to the Commander immediately However I want to add more That kid actually wants to increase the risk I really don't know how high the sky is and how high it is One to one Single brush nightmare level Broken Arm Island Nightmare level At your current level, you will die inside. I'm just here to vent my anger on my brother I don't want to hurt your life Well, thank you very much for your concern. One sentence is a nightmare To gamble or not to gamble Don't regret it It's still a bit reluctant for me to just clear the nightmare level. But I can only bite the bullet and do it. I'd like to see it Who is this Lin Mo? Brother Kai Tell me, why didn't my sister just kill him? What kind of challenge do you have to do? What a hassle You know shit How heroic is your sister's act? I just like how sarcastic she is I'm scared Toad wants to eat swan meat Divine Summoning Everyone is here Brokeback Island is not that big Just use your thoughts to control them to fight. Just let me lie down for once Come on, my little cuties Oops, the ones that fell are still the same. Isn't there anything new about the drops? Experience points +500000 Oh new title Congratulations on the host upgrade Current level is twenty Came back just in time It's time to feed Let me see who gets new skills this time The god-level bull-headed lord has successfully developed god-level skills. Acquire landslide skills Can cause the collapse of obstacles such as mountains old man Well done Already qualified enough to take the assessment let's go guys this this He must have cheated We should report it to the Commander-in-Chief Ask him to understand clearly There is no trace of cheating Lin Mo is really a genius. Finally Completed the first level If that guy doesn't use cheating tools Definitely not going to pass the first level Let's stop here. Lin Mo, how could you only use 5 minutes? Just cleared the nightmare level dungeon? five minutes He really does whatever it takes to win the bet. Hand over your cheating tools quickly It's you who want to increase the stakes You were the one who cheated Don't you feel like a joke? Lin Mo didn't cheat at all It's obvious that you deliberately slandered him Even the official members of the Dragoons A nightmare copy that cannot be cleared alone He is a novice but he succeeded in doing it alone If you don't rely on doing, what can you rely on? That's what I'm saying Rely on strength Where did this madman come from? Could it be that you are the sailors hired by Lin Mo? navy fight Lord War Commander Commander, you came at the right time. I want to report Lin Mo cheated in the copy We were just in the copy I can prove Lin Mo did not use any props Since the war general has said so, That means He really passed the level based on his strength. It seems Before, I blindly believed Xiao Feng's words. I wrongly blamed him Lord War Commander Your strength is very good Keep up the good work Thank you for your compliment I will continue to work hard So fast I have to apologize to him face to face Just clear up this misunderstanding sorry I'm too arbitrary misunderstood you Why don't you come over quickly and apologize? Hurry up and say to Lin Mo It hurts, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts. sorry There are 20,000 points here An extra ten thousand points It's my apology to you I accept my apology. Points are not necessary Come on, let's continue brushing up on the book Coming, coming He even actively refused 20,000 points. Lin Mo Embarrassing me one after another I must let you try it too What it feels like to be refuted in public thunder and lightning light of the sky him He actually used the elemental skills of the Archmage of Destiny It seems that he really has murderous intentions. Lin Mo Get out of the way Lin Mo, be careful Abominable It was actually blocked If you are not as skilled as others, you will attack from behind. The Liu family has almost lost all face due to you. How could I have a brother like you who only knows how to play dirty tricks? if you are not convinced Just show your true skills Defeat me openly Such a secret stumbling block It will only prove to everyone The fact that you are a glass-hearted person Just wait for me I will beat you sooner or later Then please hurry up I have no patience Wait for the waste to grow His summons are too powerful, right? What are you afraid of? As long as he controls his summons, he's done He just used that summoning object Have you just cleared the nightmare level dungeon? Sister Why are you always staring at that Lin Mo? Where does all this nonsense come from? Why did you hit me again? Let you remember it for a long time If you dare to act recklessly again I'll crush you No, no, I don't dare anymore What's going on Is it because you are too strong? So the copy system thinks you are cheating I blocked you This way I won't be able to help you brush up your books. It's okay, it's okay You have helped me a lot Greetings, Lord Commander This place is no longer suitable for you come with me Where are you going? But I'm pretty good at practicing here. Where do you come from so many words? Hurry up and follow the war general. I'm here to ask you to do something Dignified five-star warrior He actually said please to Lin Mo Why should he I'll go with you Now you are level 20 So I'm going to give you assessment tasks in advance Shouldn't I take the assessment together with others? No need because you are special Why am I the only one who is special? In the Dragoons You don't need to ask why Just execute the order I want you to leave tomorrow Go to the secret realm of the ancient city to collect the Heart of the Charming Fox Above is the contact information for this teammate. They are all official team members Therefore, ability and decision-making power are the best The contact information of this group of people is quite special. Got it Then I'll go back and prepare Right Your reward for this mission is not points But the merit value Does that mean I'm already a formal member If the task is successfully completed Maybe that's it I understand Then I won't disturb you Why hasn't that guy named Lin Mo come yet? He actually wants us seniors to wait for one of his juniors Don't worry he's coming You are Lin Mo He's just a level 20 summoner I don't know whose relationship it is because of this. You can actually be on the same team as us He is indeed very powerful Extraordinary newcomer So what if I have strength? Then he is also a newcomer enough Since I have been assigned to a team Then don't engage in infighting. Take the time to complete the task I warn you If you dare to hold us back tomorrow See how I deal with you tomorrow Aren't you going to the secret realm of the ancient city today? I just came to meet you today Just a few words of advice to you by the way Meet at the South Gate tomorrow morning The portal to the secret realm of the ancient city also there The secret realm is different from the copy It is caused by Blue Star's space debris backlog pieced together There are mutated blue star creatures hiding there At the same time There are also countless treasures of heaven and earth The level of the secret realm in the ancient city is limited to between level 20 and 25. So except us There may also be job transferees from the enemy country. Fight for secret treasures together People like you who have never been on the battlefield Very likely to die I advise you It's better to quit now Is there anything else I need to prepare in advance? Prepare as many potions as possible Damn new guy How dare you ignore me Just wait for me Sooner or later I want you to look good speed point Our team is not the only one who has received this mission. The same mission can be obtained repeatedly That's right Therefore, the competitive pressure will be greater To have a charming heart is to fight for speed The shorter the time, the greater the probability of falling. But we happened to bring an oil bottle with us. It's hard to think fast This Lin Mo Just a level 20 summoner It's really a drag on us You can select the difficulty by pressing your hand on the stone tablet. Let's choose the abyss No The probability of falling into the abyss is too low Let's choose nightmare Choose the nightmare level when you come up. This is too risky, right? What are you afraid of? I'm here And if you don't choose the nightmare level, It's a pity that I have this equipment. I also agree to choose nightmare level That newcomer will slow down the overall monster spawning time. So we have to increase the probability of dropping Lin Mo What's your opinion? him He is a newcomer Who are you qualified to express your opinion? listen to me Just choose nightmare difficulty are you okay sorry I was scared just now So just Abominable If this little bastard wasn't here It's me that Liu Jie is hugging. I advise some people not to think wrongly Take the time to kill monsters Don't hold us back It's too dark here Liu Jie Aren't you a light mage? Do you have any lighting skills? Some radiant light Such a high attribute Just an ordinary monster It seems that this secret realm is indeed extraordinary. Titan's Shield Zhou Xue You are responsible for helping me add blood Liu Jie You adapt to circumstances fill the hurt of our lack As for you? Wait and don't move Don't Don't hold us back his eyes Why does it look like he wants to kill someone? Titan Strike It's far stronger than I thought Not good It's a charm skill, get out of the way quickly what did you say Awakening What did I just do Is it still a step too late? What to look at If it were you now, you would be a puddle of mud. Everyone come together I improved everyone's attributes But it can only last ten seconds Then make a quick decision Don't go why There's something in the shadows Two more came It turns out that he had already noticed that this fox had a partner That's why you stopped me in advance prevent me from getting hurt There are two more This nightmare level is too difficult, right? You're dead now It's up to you to choose nightmare difficulty. me I did it for everyone's sake Aren't they just a few naughty foxes? Leave it to me Stop pretending to be a wolf with a big tail here. If you can really kill these three monsters I will kneel down and kowtow to you three times. Divine Summoning It turned out to be a boss-level summon. Could it be that he has been pretending to be a pig and eating the tiger? buffalo charge God-level skill sharing, jumping critical strike Is he having a brain cramp? The summoner does not hide behind the summoned object Are you still going to take the initiative to rush in and die? how is this possible Someone seems to have said I want to kneel down to Lin Mo who said that It's not me anyway So Are you prepared to fight to the end? Liu Jie We are all official members of the Dragon Riders We are our own people, okay? Can you stop talking to outsiders all the time? and The attributes of the three white foxes just now are not very high either. It's just his luck But the crisis was solved by Lin Mo Why do you look down on him? white eyed wolf You choose between me and him Only one can be left I'm a human shield I can't bear the damage without me There's no way this team will make it to the end If you can take this opportunity to fly solo It's less trouble enough Song Yongnan we are one now Don't always think about making trouble Can't you just focus on fighting? Zhou Xue Why are you even protecting this reservist? Don't think they are both talking to you. You can do whatever you want to me less nonsense If you don't want to fight, get out of here I've tolerated you for a long time Don't force me to take action you How dare you let me go You two remain silent. The explanation also agreed that I quit the team. Then let me go Without me, the one who can take the pain You three just wait to die. Otherwise Let's go out and bring one more person in. You can't have a human shield in your team. No need Just stand behind me Are you serious? He once cleared the nightmare-level Broken Arm Island alone He must have some skills. Really I won't play with our lives. There is a situation It's an elite monster with three tails The attributes are much stronger than those with two tails It doesn't seem easy to deal with. Just to be on the safe side, don't be too pushy. Quit first and find someone else to form a team with. No need God-level summoning spell God-level bull-headed lord Divine Bull Shield Armor of Thorns Killed instantly When did the Summoner profession become so powerful? It turns out that the counterattack skill It can also kill monsters instantly. Go ahead It turns out he has a summon with such strong attributes No wonder he can master the nightmare level alone It's unimaginable now How could there be such a powerful summoner here? This is the end of the secret realm Why haven't I seen the boss? Isn't the boss hiding in the mountains? this mountain There is someone on the top of the mountain That dress He is a soil escape ninja from Sakura Country Why are there other people here? The space within the secret is unstable So occasionally there will be two teams In the same space If the other party is really a ninja from Sakura Country That mountain It's probably what they used to confuse us. It seems they have discovered our whereabouts That's why they are designed to hinder us let me try it Can you break through this mountain? Divine Light Pillar I'll definitely be able to penetrate it if I try it a few more times. Xia people You are too naive Flow wall strengthening He recovered so quickly The earth escape ninja is equivalent to our sacred profession When the levels are about the same We are no match for him But we can't just give up on the charm of the fox. Once you miss this opportunity The probability of getting it later becomes even slimmer. Just rubbish You still dare to think about robbing things on the land of Xia Kingdom? It's just a pile of dirt Not worth mentioning give it to Is it really okay? Yes Even it can't knock this mountain away, right? Of course it wasn't a head-on collision. You don't expect to use this big guy Come and smash my mountain Really naive enough No matter how big he is, can he be bigger than my mountain? landslides what Abominable Super large earth escape Multiple flow wall If you can still break through the defense this time I'll commit suicide do it again how is this possible Don't you Xia people have gaps in their skills? Forget it, survival is important It's better to withdraw first Not good The ninja took advantage of the chaos and escaped. go Let's catch up Why is that ninja missing? Such a large explosion range Could it be that those people from Sakura Country Have you started fighting the boss yet? Don't let them take the lead Not good They're going to get it Lord level monster The four-dimensional attributes of ten thousand It seems This lord will most likely drop the Heart of the Charming Fox No The heart of the charming fox must not be taken away by people from the Sakura Kingdom Well said Come together Xia people Why didn't you stop them? Forget it You're such a waste It's normal to fail Come with me Abe's formation will be ready soon Never be interrupted by them I trapped it Let's attack together Come after I get rid of that bunch of trash that's getting in the way. Come and meet death Be careful Divine protection and nourishing grace After you were injured This skill can instantly restore 20% of your blood volume You can attack with confidence Leave it to me behind the scenes Thank you for your hard work Divine Light Pillar It actually split my divine light beam directly. The weaklings of Xia Kingdom suffer death Not good Too late to escape me How am I okay This Xia countryman He was able to block my full blow my knife This Xia man is too evil Don't waste time Let's deal with the five-tailed demon fox first. fire escape flame spell The demon fox's blood volume is running low. If you don't take action again The heart of the charming fox is really going to fall into their hands. Rest assured They can't make it Abominable My magic circle was impacted About to disappear Got run away by it Damn Xia people Repeatedly disrupting the situation How dare you ruin our plans You all die to me Don't underestimate the enemy That summoner is very strong Maybe it's strong for you for me Just an ant Fire Escape Fire Wall Low-level deception My head hurts so much waste How long do you plan to embarrass yourself? Come back quickly Abe Show them how awesome you are The Onmyoji of Sakura Country Equivalent to our sacred profession That's right Not only can they create magic circles Also summons shikigami Shikigami Their shikigami are powerful Don't take it lightly I've already thought of a plan Countermeasures The content of that plan Did you all die here? Can't you summon it faster? I have some expectations Who is stronger, your shikigami or my summon? Show up Yama Face your fears Be careful with Yama's control skills I will try my best to sing for you Anthem that can resist control skills Thank you for your hard work Take action Just control you You can't continue to use your mind Controlled the summons bewilderment He actually banned my soul Why is it invalid? Invalid is normal Because this is an attack on the soul, not the body You won't be able to move for twenty seconds. Let me see what you are going to do now Earth Escape Flow wall strengthening we are trapped give up struggling Just wait to die Soul Breaking Technique But that's it Nani Actually broke the control of Yama What are you panicking about? I'm still here Tauren Lord get rid of them landslides Abominable This big bull head is simply my nemesis. Go away, go away Your annoying teammates are gone It's your turn now It's too early for you to be proud. Do you think Do I only have one shikigami? Come out Demon Sword Girl That's it Now two against one Let me see what else you can do to be arrogant with me When did I say that I only have one summon? Divine Summoning God Level Hell Flame Wolf God-level red gold blood demon The boss of Broken Arm Island is actually his summons Is it enough? Not enough. I'll call a few more to play with you. Don't Don't come here Monster Why are you running so fast? Wait for me We can't let them run away like this Forget it, it's more important to find the heart of the charming fox you what are you doing What a handsome wolf I really want to stroke its hair. It must be soft Have you seen enough? I just couldn't hold it back for a moment Just curious Then let's continue But deal with that fox I don't need so many summons. I waited too long before riding on it. We have to hurry up. Sitting on a summon for the first time Is there anything I need to pay attention to? Lin Mo Nothing to pay attention to Just remember to hold on tight and don't get thrown off. Found it Won't you come down? What are you doing down there? Anyway, you're the one doing it alone Thank you for your hard work, Mr. Lin. general slime Trigger the title of Black Blood Demon Immune to 20% corrosive skills Jumping critical hit Successfully killed the nightmare-level secret realm lord monster five-tailed demon fox Experience plus 300,000 There are only fragments Looks like I need two more rounds of brushing. Only then can we collect the demon fox crystals. It's the heart of the charming fox great We finally completed the mission Let's go. It's time to publish the book. Sakura Taro, it's such an honor to be able to team up with you. In my previous team There's a summoner who only slows things down Almost failed to clear the dungeon Summoner of Xia Kingdom Compared with our Onmyoji There is simply a difference between clouds and mud That's right, that's right I also think summoners are garbage The failure was reported so quickly. It seems like you really can't do it without me. Song Jun, are these two beauties your friends? We can form a team together Stop looking at me with that disgusting look Otherwise I'll dig out your eyes Song Yongnan You are too depraved, right? He actually teamed up with people from Sakura Country Of course the strong team up with the strong Why don't we team up with weaklings like you? What a joke this beauty Come team up with us I will definitely take good care of you go away Cold beauty i like Deaf Didn't you hear her tell you to go away? Are you the summoner? An onmyoji for our country A guy who is not even worthy of carrying shoes How dare you steal a woman from me? Xia country woman It is not an item that can be snatched away by men. Those who changed jobs in the Xia Kingdom were all warriors who defended their homeland and country. As a member of the Dragoons Actually colluded with people from Sakura Country It's just smearing the Dragoons. Song Yongnan You'd better get out of the Dragoons You Xia people? Just a tough talk Our fists are harder Stop talking nonsense and take action. Finally escaped That summoner is terrible He is simply a monster my friends came out they had no casualties It means they have successfully obtained the Heart of the Charming Fox Mr. Abe, there is a Xia man here who needs a lesson. Come and give him some color. Why is it him again? Don't come here What's wrong with you Why are you so afraid of him? It's important to save one's life It's better to hide first Sakura Taro, why are all your friends gone? Maybe they have already obtained the Heart of the Charming Fox So I don't want to waste any more time, right? Heart of the Charming Fox Is this what you're talking about? What? You actually have it too? That means there are already two hearts of the charming fox gone. What a fool The four of them mistakenly entered the same space as us Only one Charming Fox Heart can be dropped from the same space. Song Jun, we should seize the time to enter the capital. Lin You wait for me I'll deal with you after finishing the dungeon I didn't expect that General Xu Mo would also make mistakes. This Song Yongnan is really arrogant But Can I get to know Lin Mo in this way? Not a loss Now that the task has been successfully completed Let's go celebrate Liu Jie How come you are so natural? Just ignored me You should take the Heart of the Charming Fox and hand in the mission first. I still have things to deal with A woman's Shura field is much scarier than the secret realm Wait Do you feel Does it seem like something is missing? I vaguely heard someone say something just now Why is Lin Mo missing? He actually avoided us Stinky man Stinky man Forget it Ignore him Sisters are so big That's right, that's right Let's go and celebrate Finally escaped Fortunately I have a copy refresher That way they can't catch me This time we have to do it quickly Got the second fragment I'm really looking forward to the finished product more and more. take a rest first Finally out This nightmare level is too difficult to beat. Not a nightmare Let's form a team and fight the Abyss level again You must get the Heart of the Charming Fox How is this possible? That kid must have cheated cheated He must have cheated Song Jun, cheer up There is also a heart of a charming fox We still have a chance I'm afraid there's no chance The last one is mine Enter the secret realm Nightmare level difficulty There is a chance of dropping the Heart of the Charming Fox. His luck shouldn't be that good, right? It doesn't matter if you're lucky Kill people and steal hearts It's much easier than clearing the secret realm Congratulations on the host upgrade The current level is twenty-one Get all the Demon Fox Crystal and the Heart of the Demon Fox There are only four levels left before I can transfer to the second level. You can go back and hand in the mission. Why did you set the record again? Abominable The last heart of the charming fox was also taken away by him When is the next refresh? a month Come with me to a life and death showdown This Sakura Taro is really stupid You actually want to challenge that pervert Lin Mo I want to challenge you too I'll deal with his summons You go deal with him This time we must let him die without a burial place How dare you accept our challenge? Okay, you guys come together Divine Summoning God-level bull-headed lord Titan's Shield Double sword flow Big Bull Head, look at me here good opportunity Came just in time Lin Mo should die If you kill him, the heart of the charming fox will be mine. This is impossible Sakura Taro, please kill him quickly. I was careless just now This time it will take his life Anyone who commits injustice will be punished by death The damage he dealt It was all reflected back into his body by the Armor of Thorns. Sakura Taro dead Don't come here Lin Mo We, we are all from the Dragoons But we can't kill each other. You deserve to mention the Dragoons Go teach him a lesson But don't kill me I don't like to be troubled Titan's Shield boy This time, for the sake of the Dragoons, I'll give you a sigh of relief. If you dare to be presumptuous again He'll end up like that ninja I miss the cherry blossoms in my hometown so much Never come to Xia Kingdom again mom I want to go home Do you have something to say when you invite me here? Why ask so many questions? Just come with us Let's go Where are you going? What on earth do these two people do to be so mysterious? Isn't it just a task? Why are you so mysterious? You are here to hand in a mission Yes, Commander-in-Chief It was completed quickly It seems that the cooperation between you is very good. But why are you three the only ones here? Where is Song Yongnan? He left the team midway Hanging out with people from Sakura Country Everyone has the right to make a choice So let him be Let's get the mission materials first. Please take a look at it, Commander-in-Chief Later, based on your performance in the secret realm, I will Give you corresponding merit points Lord War Commander If you hand over two more Charming Fox Hearts, Can I get more merit points? Do you still want to continue doing this task? But you have to think clearly The probability of dropping the next two Charming Fox Hearts But very low I already got it As expected of the person I like After we left, he went back to clear the secret realm. Is he still human? Aren't you tired? i will give you The merit points of two additional Charming Fox Hearts are worth it. You've also had a tiring day Go back and have a good rest first Adjust your status Yes As expected, he hid his private fight with Song Yongnan However I can just take this opportunity The final assessment of him has begun. The troublesome guys from Sakura Country are gone. It feels a lot more relaxed, right? Not bad I don't know how much merit points will be given this time. It would be great if you could give me more than thirty In this way, my military rank can be raised to another level. Been waiting for so long It's time for the merit points to arrive, right? Calculating it, it should be almost time Is this so much? Lin Mo You handed in three at the same time He must have received a lot of merit. Fortunately, it's only one hundred and fifty. Only one hundred and fifty That's all Identity positions have also been updated Why are you staring at me like that? Are you still not satisfied with one hundred and fifty? I'm only thirty When I arrived at my dormitory building, I left first. Lin Mo There will be a chance in the future Let's form a team together again Finally back You have to seize the time and get down to business first. Fusion What's going on Why no response? Wang Hao is it you We are from the Dragoon Law Enforcement Team Lin Mo You are suspected of killing a teammate Please come with us Kill teammates You must have misunderstood There was indeed some dispute between me and Song Yongnan But I just hurt him No fatal blow If you have anything to say, let's talk about it later. Cuff him to me Can't activate skills This is so weird There must be someone behind the scenes controlling this Who could it be? Liu Feng Or Song Yong-nam Lin Mo Why were you taken away by the law enforcement team? Finally someone can treat him Level 1 Exile Island They haven't even been interrogated yet, so they will be exiled directly. This is too unfair less nonsense This is what it means Just ask for your blessings meaning above This is indeed a conspiracy Do you want the new guy to join us? What kind of gang do you want to join? This island is full of monsters around level 20 It's very dangerous for you to wander around here alone. At level 20, you can use them to move your hands and feet. little brother Are you crazy? but here Arrogance is the most useless thing As someone who has been through I remind you Without the help of companions There's no way you'll survive until tomorrow Are you finished? little brother I advise you to quickly remove the things in the storage space Give us filial piety Otherwise Gangzi, it's not good to eat alone. Here comes another one Stay away from me I discovered him first It doesn't matter who discovered it first What matters is who kills him first Let's each rely on our abilities Who kills him first? Whoever gets the reward Just what I want Lord War Commander You don't have to do it this way Let's take a look at the reserve team members. Lin Mo acts cautiously Only desperate situations can force him to unleash his full strength But What if he died on Exile Island? Didn't we just lose one? Are you a pretty good newcomer? The test of life and death is extremely cruel But if it succeeds You will also receive extremely generous rewards But he's just a newcomer This kind of assessment is really difficult for him if i tell you Lin Mo can at least be promoted to lieutenant after passing the assessment. what I object that this is not in line with the rules Objection is invalid I make this decision Naturally, I have my own considerations. How can this be improved? This is obviously counterproductive and only encourages growth. Not good It's a wanderer What a bad luck, leave quickly Just run away So cowardly Not bad enough for me to play for a few minutes It's better to play slower It's all just entertainment Hundreds of Wanderers The possibility of Lin Mo surviving is too low Otherwise, call it a day. Only warriors who have experienced extreme environments Only then are you qualified to stand at the top Lin Mo, don't let me down Lao Xu heard that you have fallen in love with a little guy A special assessment was also arranged for him why are you here Lord War Commander When you meet a good young man, you don't even tell me. Aren't you allowed to come here by yourself? This is that little guy Facing so many wanderers Looks like he's going to suffer a lot can you be quiet Look how serious you are Could it be that you are worried about this little guy? I remember you back then Have you also taken this kind of assessment? Killed more than a hundred wanderers in one breath Maybe he can do better than me Since you said so Then I'll have to wait and see. Divine Summoning Summon Goblin Warriors and Archers It seems like this guy is quite evil. You want to use this to find out his true strength His strength Can easily pass any nightmare level dungeon This is also my design The real reason why he was thrown into exile I'm really looking forward to his performance more and more. Killed so many wanderers As a result, all the dropped items were bread. This thing has a purpose I go This guy is so strong It seems that these wanderers saved our lives. It's a pity that there are no lone wanderers left. It seems that today's bread Going to lose Gangzi, didn't you just want to kill him? You should go up If you want to go you go I don't want to give away anyone's head Before he knows the importance of food Let's trade the ingredients with him for some bread. What a good idea Wait for a chance tomorrow Let's go communicate with the Dragoons. Clear up this misunderstanding Don't be nervous, little brother We just want to make a deal with you what deal I want to use alchemy materials to trade you for some bread If you don't like it, I have something else to trade with you. I have scrap adhesive here. Only two loaves of bread are needed for each reagent. Very cost-effective OK Anyway, I have plenty of bread in my hand I wonder why they didn't fight The two groups witnessed Lin Mo's strength Of course I don't dare to do it easily. Really boring chip adhesive Got it Please, please Must succeed Great, it really works One percent progress I have nine bottles left in my hand What if I get another ninety bottles of adhesive? You can restore the demon fox crystal This is a blessing in disguise You can have bread without fighting monsters It feels good to get something for nothing. Hello Why did you come to my door? I warn you Transaction has ended There's no point in regretting I came here to ask you Is there any adhesive you can exchange for me? Gone I gave you everything I have And the drop rate of that thing is very low. I know Dude why are you going spawn monsters This is a place of exile, not a copy. It's really not suitable for grinding monsters and upgrading. What a strange person Obviously, the survival rate is higher if you are exiled to the periphery. Why is this little guy I just want to take it to the central area. Lin Mo's thoughts Always different from ordinary people altar Then there shouldn't be too many monsters here Why is there no sign of the monster at all? God-level Summoning Slime General split go ahead He actually has two summons He split so many slimes out Could it be that they are planning to let them take the initiative to find monsters to kill? How many monsters is he planning to draw to his side? Coming God-level Summoning Technique Bull-headed Lord Divine Ox Shield Armor of Thorns ready go to war Meteor stars gather Star Team Gathering is actually ineffective against the Wanderer Skill invalid It seems that this young man is going to be unlucky. Is it too early for you to conclude? You are too optimistic, right? Even if it's him There is no way to deal with so many wanderers at the same time. God Level Summoning Red Gold Blood Demon Sea of red gold and blood A bit level He can escape from the sea of red gold blood easily Bad, the wanderer is enraged Oops, this is even a job changer at the peak of his second job. It's tough enough to beat it. Lin Mo, are you really going to stop here? I can't bear to watch anymore I forced them to merge directly. Forget it I'm not going to play anymore, so I'll just give you a good time. Enter the Bull-headed Lord Red Blood Changhong Just take this opportunity Create time for the Red Gold Blood Demon to chant You can also throw out small ones interesting so interesting Haven't you finished singing yet? Those three wanderers were instantly killed as soon as they touched him. Is he a summoner or a mage? It is estimated that he has applied the skills of summoning objects in advance. That's why it's like this This little guy is indeed not simple. I'm not dazzled, right? That giant wanderer that suddenly appeared Knocked down Could it be the new guy who did it? except him No one else has this ability. This damn place really doesn't give people the chance to upgrade. Just give such a big monster so much experience Collect enough adhesives Not too bad Lao Xu, please quickly release this little guy. I want to take him back to the team and train him carefully. do you think it's possible You are really stingy. Just keep reading I'm going to report this to my superiors. report The new people I sent to Exile Island have begun to bear fruit. He is exactly what you said Survived for fifteen hours on Exile Island No During these 15 hours, he Killed all the wanderers on the island together So that's it your previous proposal I agreed Over there with the Dragoons We should quickly investigate what happened. Please give me a clean slate Oops These breads are worthless when they arrive outside. Why not make good use of it here? fresh bread Fresh bread can be exchanged for any material Wow it's bread I've been hungry for three meals Finally smell the bread exchange for materials dreaming Mine is all mine I advise you not to do anything You will suffer a big loss He has a new face helpless I'm still afraid that he won't succeed Didn't you see the corpse of the giant wanderer? He was killed by the newcomer you mentioned What Is his strength so terrifying? If you want to exchange bread, please line up and don't rush. Everyone will have a share You can exchange these ores for five loaves of bread. You gave me so many potions Then I'll give you ten loaves of bread Business is good What a strong pressure He is a big shot in the Dragoons Evacuate quickly If you accidentally offend him, you'll be dead. It seems that I have disturbed your business The Lord Warlord was joking. I think I can leave here now OK This guy is not only powerful Still able to remain calm when encountering difficulties Worthy of the reward I arranged for him This trip to Exile Island In fact, this is my assessment of you At the same time, it is also the dragoon team's response to the reserve team members. The highest standards of assessment You don't blame me for not notifying you in advance Will I send you to Exile Island? Change to the battlefield Before those monsters take action You won't notify me in advance and From the day I become a job changer I'm ready to start fighting at any time Very good Go back and rest early after eating The list of people who will become regular employees will be officially announced tomorrow. Thank you, Lord Commander, for treating me to a feast. The crystals finally merged It's not in vain that I used so much adhesive The fox's summons? I'm really looking forward to it god level Ancient genes detected Provides hatching stone After fusing with it, ancient bosses can be summoned. Hatching Stone What if not Does not provide hatching stones Can normally summon the five-tailed fox boss The five-tailed demon fox is even a god-level queen. The strength is only about the same as my current summons. If it were replaced by an ancient boss Maybe you can give me a big surprise Looks like I'll have to do more research later. How to obtain the Hatching Stone Brother, are you there? are you okay Come in and talk Have you reached level 20? What's going on? Don't worry, tell me about your upgrade first. Forget it I just reached level 20 today In the days without you, my progress is as fast as a snail. Let me tell you That Liu Feng spreads rumors about you everywhere Said you were arrested for cheating But I know you're not that kind of person nothing It's just a misunderstanding The misunderstanding has been resolved now Oh right Do you know where I can get the Hatching Stone? I once heard a friend mention it In the realm of illusion at Kyoto Academy It seems to drop the hatching stone Oh thank you It helped a lot What a big deal this is But I'm happy to be able to help you That Lin Mo was taken away by the law enforcement team for cheating A stained person like him He actually has the nerve to stand here Just wait and see I'm already level 20 My sister is an official team member again I can definitely become a regular employee There are a total of fifteen reserve players this year After this period of assessment Three official team members were born among you. There must be me There must be me, there must be me There must be me Yao Wei Dequeue Who is this person? Why don't I have any impression at all? During the assessment period, you stayed calm and behaved diligently and bravely. You are therefore granted the status of Private First Class. Thank you sir mother i did it i know him He is the number one scholar in Jintian City Very low-key Still very diligent It seems there are still normal people here. That Yao Wei I can't wait to sleep in the dungeon hall Wang Hao Dequeue Wang Hao has been discharged During the assessment period, you worked hard and were able to distinguish between good and evil. Therefore, you are granted the status of Private First Class Wow thank you Thank you, Commander-in-Chief You deserve this. Get involved. People of Wang Hao's level have become regulars. That last spot belongs to me. Lin Mo Dequeue Why is it him? Didn't he cheat? How can I still become a regular employee? Could it be It is to be punished publicly to imitate Lin Mo performed outstandingly during the assessment and achieved excellent results. Therefore Awarded Lin Mo the status of second lieutenant He's actually a second lieutenant Isn't this unreasonable? Lord War Commander Why can Lin Mo be directly promoted to second lieutenant? This is hard to convince the public. Just because he passed the highest level examination on Exile Island exile island I heard it's scary there Not only are there a lot of monsters And the cannibalistic exiles To be able to leave Exile Island alive Of course That's my buddy from today You are now an official member of the Dragoons. Military rank badges will follow your thoughts and appear Understand I declare that the training camp is officially over Major universities are about to start school I wish you all a happy study Three official members remain The rest dispersed on the spot your information It has been entered into the Dragoons' archives. You are a member of the Dragoons Even if you are in school, you must always return the goods if there is a recall. Remember? Will be recalled if there is a recall Very good Go back and pack your luggage Lord War Commander please wait a moment I have something to ask you alone Go to my office and talk Lin Mo It's a pity With your current authority Still can't view the files related to that incident ten years ago What happened back then? Since the second lieutenant does not have enough authority Then I can only continue to work hard to improve. Actually Kyoto Academy High School Many people also participated in that struggle I want They should have clues there Why did you forget Kyoto University? Thank you, Lord Commander, for reminding me. Lin Mo Which school did you go to? Maybe we can go to the same school again Kyoto Gakusho From now on, I can't hold your thigh anymore. My parents want me to stay closer to home I was asked to report to Kainan I'm so old and they still take care of me So annoying So good My parents are still in charge Wang Hao Wish you good luck in Kainan Have a great time Why are you so serious all of a sudden? I also wish you happiness Lin Mo When will you come back? I miss you so much Going back today You can get there in the evening I'll treat you to dinner that night Let's have a good get together By the way, someone is still looking for you to PK. Who? Please leave the room I'll find out when you come back Have you asked me if you want to leave? Lin Mo you made me lose face He also took away my quota for becoming a full-time official. Don't think about just walking away The candidate for permanent transfer was decided upon by the senior management of the Dragoons through discussion. Those who are able live there You mean I'm incompetent Then take a look Can you bear it? The anger of my incompetent person Lin Mo Punch me first Sister, why are you helping this Lin Mo again? I will come back He won't be able to come back for a while. Don't worry about him He asked for it all I heard that you were admitted to Kyoto University Can I find you later? What do you want from me? Of course I'm here to play with you That's it I haven't expressed my opinion yet What's settled When you were silent just now, it was your acquiescence. Silence for one second counts as silence Then I don't care That's it zhouzhou I have to let you bleed properly this time Didn't you invite me? Let's get these first You have already joined the Dragoons Are you willing to let me invite you? You ordered so much meat, can we finish it? Ah no no no It's not just the two of us I also made an appointment with the person who wanted to PK you. cousin Long time no see She is looking for you PK She worked particularly hard during this time Much progress has been made School is about to start Are you ready to report to Kyoto University? I heard that students at Kyoto University are very involuntarily and There is also a false realm in their school It is said If you train in that place The upgrade will be very fast if you have excellent grades Then you can transfer to Qianlong College where Meng Junchen is located. once there The future is bright I know Oh, it's not easy to reunite again Stop talking about such serious topics. You are not Do you want to find Lin Mo to PK? Now that they are back, you should come up. What to get on I'm just talking casually A woman's mouth is a lie I tell you Zhen Meimei is now level 18 Awesome Congratulations Zhen Meimei's level is the same as yours Why aren't you surprised? Could it be Things have escalated again in the past few days since you left. You kid, tell me the truth you are nineteen now Still level 20 twenty-one twenty-one You are such a pervert twenty-one Cousin, what have you been going through these past few days? Nothing It's just normal training Look at you from Versailles No way Then I have to give you a good meal Otherwise, I would feel unbalanced Meimei, don't just stand there. Eat quickly Good Could you please help us order more food? You boy is so loyal Waiting for a chance Take us two to brush up again. No problem Kyoto Gakusho I'm coming single room You, a freshman, live in a single room Too luxurious I like silence Main zero six Go up yourself Don't cause trouble for me I won't bring a bottle of oil to make copies. There is no need for you to take special care of him I just hope you can help each other more No time to talk Oh, why are you like this, girl? Then Lin Mo won't delay you much. Wait Who are you talking about? Lin Moya That kid is Lin Mo He's the one I told you about The boy who gave me a gift Okay, I won't tell you anymore. i saw him Okay, you must help each other. Lin Mo Come down it's her We finally meet again Let me first take you to get acquainted with Kyoto University This girl is still so proactive and enthusiastic This is a copy of the tower You can go in and brush the copy by spending points. Where is that realm of illusion? You can't enter the realm of illusion yet The ticket to the realm of illusion is very precious. It takes a lot of work to get one. That's it After I entered the realm of illusion last time He was promoted to level twenty-three in one go. So I'm planning to form a team to enter again recently I happen to have this thing too How is this possible? To get a ticket, you must complete a round You can only get it through college tasks you just arrived How could there be a ticket? Is this it? Where did you get it? Did you buy it from the black market? Nothing I just accidentally won the top prize in the country. General Xu Mo gave it to me as a reward. General Xu Mo The five-star general of the Dragoons I admire him so much That's right, it's him So are you an official member of the Dragoons now? What are the military ranks? Is it the same as me? Is he also a private? Can current students also obtain military ranks? Of course All career changers can obtain military ranks Just do frontline duties You can exchange your merit points for military ranks. The higher the military rank, the higher the authority. The higher the authority, the more resources you will get. I feel excited just thinking about it Bingbing, are you ready? Let's go to the Realm of Illusion in the afternoon. No problem However Can I add one more person? Do you mind if I made this choice for you without permission? don't mind But I've never seen him Are you a new student? yes Oops Don't be ridiculous Where do freshmen get their tickets? Don't underestimate him He really has Okay, I don't care I just don't know if Zhou Bing and Qi Long will agree. It's okay, they will definitely agree ok Then I'll contact them You go prepare the potion Just take advantage of this opportunity Let me show you the stall area of our school Good Sorry to trouble you Most of the people who set up these stalls are people who have changed jobs in the daily life. Most of them are selling potions and handmade equipment etc. Got it In addition Only points are collected here No gold coins accepted What do you two want to buy? This is an intermediate potion Common people cannot afford it The crystal quality is really good If you don't buy it, don't move around. Let's go This bottle costs 3,000 points. too dark If you can't afford it, leave now Don't waste my time do you need I just want I can't afford it either Give me ten bottles of intermediate potions ten bottles Too arrogant How did you get so many points? Could it be that they were robbed? Earned from the college entrance examination Even if he is the number one scholar in the country There is no time when I have over 10,000 points. But that's okay With a teammate as strong as you here The sense of security is immediately felt What lies ahead is a realm of delusion. Huahua and I made an appointment to meet at the door. They seemed to be arguing about something Go over and have a look What do Bingbing think? Actually gave a new life Come with us to the realm of illusion Will it be a hindrance if I don't know this? Okay, isn't it just a new student? As for being so resistant? It just so happens that our team is still short of two Just find two powerful people to balance it out. This is not a matter of many people and one person missing. Freshmen have poor fighting skills No team thinking It will definitely get in the way This is not simple Then tell him not to take action and find a place to hide. No Entered into a state of delusion Rewards are divided equally Why doesn't he do anything? But you can get rewards Anyway I will not allow new people to join the team Forget it, it seems I can't convince you anymore Bingbing is coming Please listen to her thoughts The one next to her is the newcomer with a ticket. What what It's him Bingbing Zhou Bing and Qi Long are different Dad What's going on? Get up My two great boys this What on earth is going on? The two of them lost a bet to Lin Mo So I have to call him daddy Some people even asked Lai to run away. Later, after being taught a lesson by Lin Mo, That's completely honest So are you still opposed to his joining? No, no, no We don't dare anymore OK Let's go in quickly Just invite two more people and we can get in. No need It's enough to have Lin Mo here Bingbing Do you have a filter for him? You trust him too much as a newcomer, right? The team is missing two experienced players My name is Xiong Chuang Level 24 Legendary profession King of bow hunting Anxin Level 24 Legendary profession Shaman can we Bingbing, what do you think? Not bad All are good careers Welcome to join the team Please also tell us your occupation and level. My name is Huahua Level 23 legendary profession Xianyao Qinshi I usually play support Bai Bingbing Legendary Shadow Thorn Level 23 My name is Zhou Bing Level 24 Thunder Mage Qi Long Rare Holy Light Warrior Level is twenty-two What about him? he is a new student Just go and get to know each other better Don't worry about him The realm of illusion is dangerous It's best not to take useless people with you. If you don't agree with him being in the team You can exit directly You don't have to be so sensitive It's just a friendly reminder However Since we are already in the same team Get to know each other's careers in advance It never hurts Lin Mo Level 20 hidden profession boss summoner I thought he was so arrogant Turns out he's just a summoner Bingbing Why didn't you tell us that he was a summoner? Summoner's combat effectiveness is at its lowest We have to distract ourselves from protecting him Don't worry It's still unclear who will protect whom then. ok But let me make it clear first I trust your judgment Instead of believing in his strength two persons Although he is a summoner But they are also our teammates We will remind him to pay attention to safety The ugly words come first The two of us won't care about his life or death. These two guys don't know how powerful our dad is. Later, when they knelt and licked Get ready everyone We are about to enter a realm of delusion This is the state of delusion It's really different from other copies Lin Mo You learn from us Put the ticket into the void Good There are three types of copies of Realm of Illusion The first type has high experience value The second material is more The third method can earn merit points Each mode costs one thousand points If you are the captain, just choose it. Good Wait Xiong Chuang and I both want to choose the second option We are short of materials recently No Everyone has to sprint for the second turn. Of course, you need to gain experience first. Sorry We are already at level 25 I told you level 24 before to fool you. Why do you do such boring things? Because we have been waiting for a long time There is no team waiting for the materials. So we deliberately pretend to be pigs and eat tigers Sneak into your team for We just force you to farm materials with us. Abominable you two How dare you play tricks on us Don't be impulsive If you have a private fight, you will be expelled. Forget it We admit it's bad luck Think about it Then hurry up and select a copy of the material. Cannot choose They've already fooled us once After entering the dungeon, you might even cheat So We must not compromise you are right I would rather earn less experience than give them an advantage. Hurry up We don't have the patience to wait too long I tell you We refreshed the experience copy today Since you don't know what is good or bad Then we are here Waiting to see your death notice Now there are two less people So I decided to choose the ordinary level Ice and Fire Rift Valley No one has an opinion, right? I'm not familiar with this place To be on the safe side It's better not to object yet. Really annoying Let me choose for you you are so despicable cut I didn't mean it Go in Don't waste your admission ticket But this is nightmare level difficulty I believe in Lin Mo's choice we also believe ok How dare they go in? What a bunch of idiots They're dead now Surrounded by valleys The environment of this copy is quite spectacular. The left side is wrapped in ice and snow Right surrounded by lava I didn't expect that a nightmare-level environment could be so harsh. mission objectives Resist three rounds of attacks from ice and snow magic stones and flame magic flowers. Bingbing You are responsible for attacking the nearest monster Qi Long You're responsible for blocking and last-hitting Zhou Bing, you are responsible for releasing thunder spells As for you Stand honestly in the middle of the line and don't run around So as not to interfere with our fight against monsters I will listen to you in the first round If you're tired, don't think of me Mission is about to start The monster reaches the valley in three seconds my god The number of monsters is too exaggerated Than elite level dungeon monster Too much We can't stand it any longer and we evacuate immediately. The quantity is pretty good Even if I don't take action, they should still be able to win. Lin Mo is so calm There should be no public issues, right? Sister Huahua, increase your blood quickly Coming Qinse Shadow Thorn Thunder Fury The first round of tasks is over This is only the first round Can you really hold it in the back? We fought pretty well, right? OK so-so This Lin Mo is obviously a dragster What kind of ecstasy soup was poured into them? The second round of tasks is about to begin The monster reaches the valley in three seconds The second round came too soon. I just finished a round. this quantity No Can't beat it at all If you don't take action, we really won't be able to hold on anymore. Lin Mo Don't worry, leave it to me next Come out, God-level Goblin Summoner What can this kid do? Just one goblin, does it really work? Summon Goblin Warrior The monsters on the opposite side were all shocked. Daddy, show them your skills So disgusting Goblin Army Charge Successful kill Ice and Snow Magic Stone Experience plus 50,000 Experience plus 50,000 Experience plus 50,000 Successfully killed the Flame Demon Flower Experience plus 50,000 Experience plus 50,000 Experience plus 50,000 That's almost it Call it a day No Can a summoner be so powerful? The strongest profession is not the summoner But Lin Mo The boss brings you Fei Shuang Wai Wai Wai Wai Got three million experience points so quickly Sorry Lin Mo My attitude towards you was not very friendly before It's okay They're all on the same team Is the misunderstanding resolved now? Who made you dislike others before? The countdown to the third round appears The last round of missions is about to begin The monster reaches the valley in three seconds Everyone be prepared The last round of tasks begins This last wave felt like there were thousands of them. Lin Mo Can we really win? Don't panic Too many monsters Dandu rushed over No one in the team is spared Just having a Goblin Summoner is not enough Is Big Daddy going to start showing off his skills again? Come out general slime God-level bull-headed lord There were actually three summons at the same time How is it possible that he is only twenty-one? The bull-headed lord will resist this wave of monsters first. General Slime uses god-level expansion What a strong impact I can hardly resist being so far away Thank you Maverick Successfully killed the Ice and Snow Stone Experience plus 50,000 Successfully killed the Flame Demon Flower Experience plus 50,000 Congratulations Lin Mo Bai Bingbing Hua Hua Zhou Bing Qi Long Complete the nightmare level Ice and Fire Rift Valley dungeon mission challenge Gain additional experience two million Yeah awesome Daddy is mighty Is there no boss in the Rift Valley? This copy only gives experience Looks like the hatching stone I'm looking for It should be among the copies of other materials There's still time I want to go to other dungeons and check it out again. what do you think I'll go with you seconded That's okay with me Let's go Let's go out first I finished typing the copy in just two hours. Definitely off the hook How could it be so fast They are really haunted you are the captain Please select a copy again Good Copies of materials It should be this spider cave It was agreed from the beginning brush material copy Why don't you invite us now? We are very experienced in brushing copy materials. How about you accept our team formation and I'll take you through it? Just don't hesitate Let me help you make sure I'm so angry Wen Yin me I'm going to kick you both out It's okay, Huahua Since you want to brush materials so much Just use nightmare difficulty to open their eyes. Nightmare difficulty Who chose nightmare? Anxin, why don't you click OK without seeing it clearly? It's too late for you to quit This is too dark I hate spiders the most So disgusting Don't be afraid I'm here The cave is so hidden In case more spiders appear I'd better summon General Slime and get ready. The cave is a bit crowded You have to endure it first I go What the hell? this Don't collapse the cave, you idiot. Successfully kill a baby spider Dropping delicate spider silk Multiply by ten It is indeed a copy of the material Such a small monster can drop handmade equipment materials No wonder copies of Realm of Illusion are so popular This big stomach bag is blocking both of us I can't even drink a sip of leftover rice. Is this the spider's lair? something It's an adult spider Successfully killed an adult spider Drops sticky cobwebs times twenty Drops Tough Spider Legs multiplied by eight Stop it, General Slime. These eggs hatch quickly when disturbed I remember someone was cleaning the spider cave before It's because of breaking the spider eggs Finally, he was swamped by countless little spiders Sister Huahua, please stop talking. General Slime, come back first It looks dangerous for you two to walk together. What a coward There's a little bug in here What's so scary No, don't want it Help I've already warned you There are so many spiders What should Lin Mo do? Run deeper into the cave first It's too narrow here There is no way to reproduce the smashing of the previous copy of Great Rift Valley. Then change your mind Come out, old cow Attack wooden rafters Successful kill Newly hatched spider larvae Drop ordinary spider silk multiplied by five. Drop ordinary spider silk multiplied by five. Drops normal spider silk multiplied by five It's safe Wait It's the boss mother spider The value is actually higher than Lao Niu It's over, it's over Now I'm stuck in a cave and can't get out. Sister Hua, don't panic Lin Mo is still calm He must have a way Come on, Red Gold Blood Demon The red gold blood demon is actually a summoned object The fourth summons Bingbing I finally understand Why do you believe Lin Mo so much? Actually, I didn't expect it either Lin Mo still has such a powerful summoning object Principal Something happened What's the matter? in a hurry The space in the copy of Realm of Illusion There is collapse We are still looking for specific locations How is collapse possible? Find out immediately Hurry and invite the elites from the copy monitoring bureaus from all over the country. The boss was directly beaten to death Lin Mo is too strong Successfully defeated the mother spider The copy has been cleared dropped items Hatching Stone Great, this is it Your Goblin Summoner Mastered new god-level skills Summon the Goblin Magician All that have been revealed are silver-level suits. Lin Mo You make the greatest contribution by brushing the copy These things should be yours Yes Daddy, you choose first. I only want this The equipment doesn't do much for me Just keep it There is one copy left and we haven't refreshed it yet. Is it a copy for merit points? I heard that they are going to be sent to the front line Fight the monsters of hell But there is a threshold for copying merit points. The two of us haven't done military rank missions yet. What's wrong with Realm of Illusion? Not suitable for staying long It would be better for us to leave the dungeon as soon as possible Students who are finishing their books in the Realm of Illusion Space needs temporary overhaul After three minutes, we will forcefully close the copy. Please exit immediately I'm playing the elite version now All ready for the third round me too That's it for today Then let's withdraw first Lin Mo Today is the first day of registration for new students There will be a freshman orientation party in the evening will you come If you have time Bingbing Lin Mo The collapse has nothing to do with you, right? It's definitely the fault of the guys from hell. How to see Who else but hell can cause destruction? OK Let you investigate the case Not for you to speculate blindly I think this It is caused by man-made There are a group of students present Could it be they did it? It's impossible even if you think about it Principal Zhang Latest survey results No traces from hell have been found yet You won't really let me guess right, right? It's really not a worry I'm going to go find Bingbing and ask him clearly. In order to avoid similar incidents from happening again I hope you all will stay at Kyoto Gakuin for a while. Investigate the collapse of the Realm of Illusion Everyone's remuneration will not be lost to Kyoto University. Thank you, Principal Zhang Since it was not caused by evil spirits from hell, There's no need to worry too much There will be a freshman orientation meeting in half an hour If you are interested You can go and relax There is no one in the back mountain It seems that everyone is going to the orientation party This way no one will bother me hatching my summons. I will get you regardless of the cost of cave collapse. Don't let me down Start hatching The origin of the demon fox crystal is being traced Twenty percent progress It seems that I didn't have time to attend the orientation party. Next time I see Bai Bingbing Apologize to her Sure enough The Realm of Illusion was really made by Lin Mo Where's Lin Mo? The orientation party has started I guess something important has been delayed. This party is the best opportunity to meet outstanding senior brothers Several seniors will be selected to enter Qianlong Academy Qianlong But it's the strongest college in Kyoto University By the way, Meimei I heard that your Beijiang City has a national champion. true or false is true His name is Lin Mo I heard that Lin Mo Still a summoner Senior Brother Ning Hu who is about to enter Qianlong Academy He seems to be a very powerful summoner He looks so tall, rich and handsome I am Tie Haisheng, a sophomore Second transfer to legendary profession Magical Cavalry Level 25 Coming soon Qianlong Academy I am Lou Chuxuan, second grader Level 25 second-level legendary profession Morning Shepherd's Breath About to join Qianlong Academy Ning Hu, second grade Level 25 second-level legendary profession Beast King Summoner About to become a new star in Qianlong Academy Principal Zhang This beast king summoner looks good He is the young master of the Ning family in Kyoto Very good career Considered the best among summoners With his current strength Maybe I can compete with Meng Junchen Meng Junchen That's the one from last year The provincial champion from Beijiang City This year's national champion Also from Beijiang Beijiang has become famous in recent years. Who said summoners are not strong? I see this young master of the Ning family That's the best example Ning Hu The outstanding talents of our Kyoto University Come and show everyone your summons No problem Beast King Summons Nothing is impossible in Xia Kingdom Just like classmate Ning Hu He told everyone with his hard work and sweat Even the Summoner profession Can also be dazzling Isn't it because his family is rich? I heard that this year's top pick in the country is also a summoner. Compared with Lin Mo These two tiger beasts Just two cuties Who is Lin Mo let him out I want to give him a try Isn't Lin Mo the number one scholar in the country? Yes, they are all summoners We really want to see who is stronger Look what that is my god Is it an ancient mythical beast? There are nine tails It's the nine-tailed fox really succeeded God-level nine-tailed demon fox Have skills Charm of God resurrection These two skills are also powerful enough Come back first you are so eye-catching The nine-tailed demon fox was taken back This must be someone's summons Why is the summoner so powerful? Let's go to the back mountain to look for it Unexpectedly, I could see ancient mythical beasts Ning Hu's giant tiger beast is nothing in comparison. Abominable Who stole my limelight? Could it be that it was Lin Mo? Impossible No matter how strong he is It's still too difficult to control the ancient beasts Let's go and have a look too It is certain that there are aftermaths of the energy released by the summoner Principal Zhang This summoning energy Exactly the same as what was investigated in the Realm of Illusion what check Check now Be sure to find this person out It's really Lin Mo I knew it was him In short Never reveal this matter. So as not to cause trouble to Lin Mo This is not easy to handle It seems I need to contact General Xu Mo. Lord Warlord, why are you here? speaking of I am also the honorary principal of this school We are at the same level I don't dare You have great military achievements, how can I compare with you? I didn't know you were coming this time Do you have anything to give me? The Nine-tailed Demon Fox and the Realm of Illusion I've heard about it Don't check it yet why is this I know whose handiwork He has no ill intentions and is absolutely trustworthy So that's it This archives has five floors My rank of second lieutenant is only enough to see files below the second floor. I don't know if I can find any information about the war that year. 6875 ten years ago That's it The entire Xia Kingdom before Encountered an unprecedented disaster devil in hell All the monsters in the secret realm are dispatched In addition, there are enemy countries disrupting The whole of China is besieged on all sides At that time, Kyoto Academy, which was still cultivating, was urgently called. All third graders and above Go to the battlefield with the graduated job transferees Qianlong Academy has my father's name It turns out that he was also a student of Qianlong Academy The content behind is gone Only the father's name appears It seems I need to go to Qianlong Academy to find the answer Qianlong Academy wait for me Lin Mo Bingbing I had something to do last night so I didn't go to the party I know it all I will keep it a secret What's the secret? Of course it's the summoned object So you know Bingbing Thank you for keeping my secret That How can you thank me? Don't know It's hard for you girls to guess your thoughts. kiss me Is this bad? I'd better treat you to dinner What a piece of wood you figured it out I want to ask you how to take the exam at Qianlong College First, you have to go to level 25 to complete the second transfer. The military rank cannot be lower than Private III. Only those who complete the Qianlong mission at the end are eligible to join I have reached the military rank standard Let's get to the next level first So are you going to take the Qianlong Academy exam? yes I want to take the exam too I'll be one step ahead of you OK, no problem You are in grade 19 Then you can choose the abyss level dark night copy You can brush it from level 18 to level 22 Thank you, senior Here are the points for you It seems that there is no guidance from the old students Freshmen will take many detours Need explanation? I only need one hundred points Okay, I just entered school, please give me some advice. Receive 100 points What level are you at? twenty-two what Freshman There are very few people above level 20 Level 22 in your case Super large multiplayer dungeon that can be leveled from 20 to 25 levels City of Demon Kingdom Not only does experience give more A lot of materials will also be dropped However I first suggest that you get the normal level first. First form a team to understand the copy thank you you're welcome You spent points this is what i should do What a strange new student Isn't this Ning Hu? Why is he here? No wonder The Realm of Illusion is closed Everyone has come to the dungeon of the God Tower. Team recruitment There are a dozen more places It's an abyss level demon city. Rich experience and rich materials Only one thousand points per person One thousand points can be used to refresh a large book Also a good deal I join The one that hit me stop At first glance, he looks like a new student You dare to hit our boss Ning Hu? Hurry up and pay a thousand points Let the boss lead you as a new student See the world No need you alone Just dare to go to the Demonic City No one can reach the normal level. How can you reach the nightmare level? What are you pretending to be? A guy who overestimates his abilities Nightmare difficulty less than a minute He will crawl out and run away. There are many enemies It seems that a team of summoned beasts is needed to fight. Come out general slime Tauren Lord Goblin Summoner Ice Mage Hey, it's time for you to lose weight copy target Defeat all enemies listed below Have all the skeletons been cleaned up? so much quantity No wonder no student dares to do it alone Lao Niu The arduous task of breaching the city gate is left to you. Goblin Summoner uses his army to cover Others follow my arrangements adapt to changing circumstances let us Let's get started attack General Slime, go up and help. shoot arrows Ice Mage Cover Breach the city gate great intruder repel magic attack Trivial skills Ice Mage general slime Use Frost Freeze and Slime Blasters to deal with them fragile attack A large dungeon on nightmare difficulty It's really hard to fight It seems that we need to continue to shake people. Summon Hell Flame Wolf Defeat the Skeleton Soldier Add 20,000 experience points The skeleton army was only half solved The general and boss have not appeared yet Fortunately, we share the joys and sorrows Otherwise, I will go back to the west right away. The Skeleton Warlord finally appears tear them apart Defeat the Skeleton Warlord experience plus half a million Obtain the Demon Soul Heart multiply by two The heart of the demon soul can be permanently improved Rare props with single attributes I didn't expect something like this to drop. General Slime is the group's favorite Now you've messed with the wrong person Please be more careful in your next life. Finally cleared out the miscellaneous soldiers The level has been upgraded to level 23 All that's left is Skeleton King The one who destroyed my city of demonic kingdom Kill without mercy The instance boss has appeared Please handle with caution Well come I've been waiting for you for a long time Humans deserve to die That depends on whether you have the ability. That's it It's quite powerful It's a pity that the speed is too slow human Damn it It's time to end God-level summoning of the nine-tailed demon fox In front of the nine-tailed demon fox Stronger than Skeleton King Also vulnerable Defeated Skeleton King Obtain the Skeleton King boss crystal Demon Soul Heart Demon Kingdom Equipment This is the first time I've seen this thing Use The spirit rose by one thousand five hundred points Can add so much energy Then brush it again However, the consumption of this copy is indeed not small. The summoned beast is also overwhelmed Right I have the Skeleton King Crystal God level summons Skeleton King God-level boss summoning spell activated God-level Skeleton Lord Has become your summon This four-dimensional data is more exaggerated than the nine-tailed demon fox It will be more reliable if you refresh the copy again Vocational skills God level summoning space lv2 eight out of ten The summoning space is almost full I have to go find the summoning instructor again to do the mission. Your majestic tiger beast three times five divided by two Just kill hundreds of skeleton soldiers It's a joke Du Xiaokarami Has this guy just come out? It seems That who I've already said that one person can't do it alone. Brother Tiger, I am happy today I'll take you to brush a copy However Give me the Nirvana Marrow Bone you brushed out. Professional Lin Mo Successfully cleared the nightmare-level Demon City alone time ten hours Twelve points Lin Mo Who is Lin Mo It seems like this guy I heard he is this year's No. 1 pick I remember he was also a summoner, right? Is it more powerful than Ning Hu? It turned out to be you heard clearly At Kyoto University The strongest summoner can only be me let go of your hand I don't believe you can conquer the nightmare-level Demon City alone It must have taken advantage of the copy vulnerability If I tell the principal about this Guess Can you still stay at Kyoto University? Whatever you think Just don't bother me cheating dog Don't even think about leaving I said don't bother me Unless You're tired of living scare me It depends on how long you can keep your nerves boss are you okay what can happen to me Organize people immediately I'll go find the principal first I don't believe he's not cheating Understand Finished this time The Demon Soul Heart should be enough The last brushing took ten hours If this continues, I'll have to wait until tomorrow. Just try the quality of the new summons God level summons Skeleton King Take away the city in front of you Kill without mercy I've seen all the data from the monitors. Lin Mo did not cheat this is impossible Lin Mo must have used some kind of blind trick. So it cannot be monitored Monitoring data cannot be wrong You go back Ning Hu Lin Mo You can fool the principal, but you can't fool me. You little boy Looks like he's going to suffer a lot How to say this Then he was beaten up by Lin Mo Ning Hu is the strongest summoner at Kyoto Academy So confident Then let's make a bet If Lin Mo wins Let Bingbing enter Qianlong Academy if lose I won't bother you anymore What kind of bet is this? You're not at a loss inside or out. You people from Beijiang They're all so unreasonable Our Meng Junchen from Beijiang I also gained a lot of face for your Kyoto University. I won't agree to any of these requests. Otherwise if i win Just give me Lao Lin's ID card Wait forest Could it be that Lin Mo is his son? What a coincidence If you don't mention it I probably won't know for the rest of my life Defeated the Nightmare Skeleton King Experience plus one million Obtain the Demon Soul Heart Obtain the rare item Marrow Bone of Annihilation The current level has been upgraded to level 25 I can finally change jobs After completing the job transfer task You should be able to enter Qianlong Academy The current level has been upgraded to level 25 Annihilation Marrow Bone Isn't this what Ning Hu wants to brush? It's mine right now He came out solo again It feels faster than last time Lin Mo refreshes the nightmare-level Demon City copy record Took three hours and twenty minutes Obtain the Nirvana Marrow Bone It's him again It also broke the nightmare-level Demon City copy record I haven't brushed out the Marrow Bone of Annihilation yet. All the work in vain Stop crying You can always brush it out next time Boss, look Lin Mo obtains the Nirvana Marrow Bone how is this possible cheating dog lin mo I want to challenge you If I win, the marrow bone is mine I don't have time to play house with you Our boss wants to challenge you Don't run Get away Anyone who dares to hurt me Beast King Show up Let's show it off Let everyone see Who is the number one summoner at Kyoto Academy? Beast King strengthens This is the first time I see Ning Hu being so serious. this skill It seems to be able to increase half of the attributes of the summoned object. Are you afraid? Don't dare to challenge Then die tear him apart So stubborn Then don't blame me God level summons Skeleton King golden Skeleton King So huge It's so oppressive The summon that Ning Hu is proud of Vulnerable in front of Lin Mo's Skeleton King Oh my God Like catching a chicken How could this happen? How strong is this guy? pester me again Your career path has come to an end It is indeed the largest city in the country After walking around for a long time, I felt like I was getting lost. Let's go to the auction house and buy some information or a map. Reasonable prices for job transfer materials Alchemy materials packaged for sale This little brother It seems You just came to Kyoto, right? sorry i don't need Don't worry I have good stuff here Much cheaper than the auction house ones not interested You're going to the auction house, right? There is a handling fee my goods better deal I really don't need it Bingbing why are you here Aren't you afraid that you will be cheated? I specialize in disguise test test you Right Let me introduce you Lanying is one of the four major families in Kyoto. Miss Lan family Have a good relationship with her From now on, there will be someone to protect you in Kyoto. Sorry I'm not interested in these worldly things Bingbing Let's go shopping quickly Don't waste time with irrelevant people That Lin Mo Let's go first The noble lady comes to the auction house to pick out equipment Still quite strange Yinger Does your Lan family still lack materials for making equipment? I have to go to the auction house in person That material needs to be in It can only be dropped from large-scale dungeons in the Demon City. Not only is the probability low Even if it comes out It's easy to get it if there are multiple people in a team The risk of single brushing is very high I can only try my luck at the auction house. you said It's the Death Marrow Bone dropped by the Skeleton King. That's right My dad said Only weapons forged with it as its core The talent is a perfect fit for my career Annihilation Marrow Bone Isn't this a coincidence? Hang it up first and then talk about it Your item is available Bingbing Yes, yes Just launched Then buy it quickly To avoid being robbed fifty million This is too expensive, right? Even rare items It can't be sold so expensively. General Slime is my little brother the name Isn't it Lin Mo? Bingbing do you know this seller Can you help me contact you? far away It's close it's him Dozens of people team up to play a copy Can you still get such a rare item? Is he so lucky? I guess Lin Mo did it alone. Talk nonsense He doesn't have any decent equipment on him How is it possible to brush a copy alone? Before contacting him I don't believe it either Anyway Bingbing, please tell him for me. I bought Marrow Bone of Annihilation Don't be so expensive before Who said you don't want to waste time with him? Then me Then I think he looks too weak Don't want him to take you You're biased I bought all the map skill books Lin Mo It's you, is there something wrong? General Slime is my little brother It's you We want the Marrow Bone of Annihilation Can it be cheaper? Only fifty million Can't the four major families even afford this amount of money? The four major families are not taken advantage of. Classmate Lin Mo I really need this prop can it ok Since you are Bingbing's friend I'll give you a broken bone price Really? The lowest previous transaction price It also costs fifteen million Too cheap, right? Then 20 million no no no Ten million deal OK Clear money and goods Thank you, classmate Lin Mo You helped me a lot this time The Lan family will thank you Who made you Bingbing's friend? Next, we should go to Kyoto. Summoner professional mentor big wood What are you studying here? Find a career mentor Receive job transfer tasks Change job You are already level 25 It rises so fast A student at Kyoto University for more than one year You can basically reach level 25, right? Yingying He just attended the freshman orientation yesterday a freshman Just entered grade 25 In this case Come with us to do the job transfer mission. Can different professions work together? Job transfer tasks are divided into general tasks and exclusive tasks. Common tasks are the same Only the exclusive parts need to be completed independently So that's it It's agreed Let's meet at the south gate of Kyoto Academy tomorrow Are you sure you want to take him with you? Job transfer tasks are very intense Don't worry Lin Mo is super strong According to the map, it should be right here. Are you the summoner mentor here? young man What's the matter so late? I'm here to receive the job transfer mission It's rare to see someone who works as hard as you do Received job transfer task Please complete within a week When delivering a task Don't forget to submit the advancement stones simultaneously mentor What is an advancement stone? I'm tired You can explore the rest yourself. Forget it Ask Bingbing tomorrow she should know Here Lin Mo You're here What's going on with you two? Are everyone here? wait a moment I have to wait for one more person to come Right Do you know what an advancement stone is? I don't even know about the advancement stones. This is the job change mission. cousin Let me introduce This is my cousin Jiang Feng Level 25 Holy Level Magician A once-in-a-century genius Holy level It's really not simple But why is it such a powerful profession? I just reached level twenty-five. That's because outside of school time, I Always fighting on the front line Now my rank Already Private 5 Promoted to Private V within one year The level has not dropped Cousin, you are so awesome Who made my dad have such high expectations for me? Let me be promoted to the rank of major before graduation look at you again Not to mention all the rags I don't even know about the advancement stones. I don't know where my cousin found this trash. Don't know what's wrong I don't know either Mr. Jiang Tell us about it When professionals change jobs It is possible to become stronger It may also become weaker To prevent weakening Just use the task copy Produced advanced stone support Do you understand? Thank you so much Major Jiang Okay, okay Let's go to the mission instance quickly. In a few days, there will be the college selection competition I want to prepare more cut For Yingying's sake I'll take you once Isn't that Jiang Feng? He is a holy magician Hello sir I'll take a few people with me to do the job transfer mission. You maintain order Look at people so young He was promoted to the rank of private fifth. Yes We don't even have military ranks This gap is too big Did you see it? The first two are must-do tasks The third one is optional if i'm in a good mood Maybe I can consider taking you to do it. You two sign up for a career Wait and enter the deep sea Everyone must obey my command I am the epic professional Shadow Thorn Good at stealth and surprise Epic Not too bad yet Hidden occupation boss summoner Yingying Let me tell you what's good What hidden profession What summoner Joining our team is just a hindrance Lin Mo is different from others i believe him He's just here to take advantage of the mission I've seen too many people like this Always want to lie on others and suck blood cousin I really didn't know he was a summoner What happened to Summoner? Summoners can also be very powerful OK I want to see what he is capable of Let's go straight to the nightmare level copy. He still doesn't know that I only choose nightmare level when playing dungeons. cut You'll know when you get the copy How terrifying is the nightmare level? Actually came to the deep sea cousin I'm so scared I have a phobia of the deep sea Miss Bai Protect your summoner friends Encounter a monster We don't have time to help Have you said enough? Don't go too far Bingbing cousin Stop arguing I always feel something is there staring at us Deep sea fish monster Very sensitive to blood Bingbing Be careful not to get hurt It's easy to attract swarms of fish monsters Understand Are you scared now? If you're scared, run away Tips safe zone bubble Will break in five seconds After a while the bubbles burst Immediately rush out in the direction of my finger there's a gap there You can also see this I can't see anything at all Just now Marine fishery Bingbing Too many fish monsters Get out of here OK Idiot Just know how to escape Yingying Let's not run around I'm here It depends on your brother In the name of my mantra Make a death pact with you It's an ancient divine pattern Not good He's going to explode do you know what you are doing what to do Of course it's to fight monsters Don't you even understand such a simple thing? cousin you see Two thousand fish monsters attack together How come there are so many fish monster explosion blood drifting It was the smell of blood that attracted them here Now do you understand how stupid you are? cousin What to do now What are you panicking about? Just wait for half an hour Wait until my spell energy is fully charged Kill these monsters instantly half an hour How could it possibly take half an hour? I thought of a way My summons can offset the opponent's numerical advantage However They don't have the ability to fight underwater I need you to give them buoyancy. Stop bragging What use can a few summons do? He doesn't help let me help you cousin There is no other way Not as good as Let Lin Mo try it first What a trouble God level summons Goblin Summoner Bingbing Give it a buff buoyancy That's it How can one summon resist so many monsters? Don't worry Goblin Summoner Call your followers out please buoyancy Why so many My hands are going to cramp OK Now it's all done Deep sea fish monster Five seconds left attack five Four The attack begins Go ahead Goblin Army I'm here to help Don't go cousin why They won't last long take advantage of now Let's escape from here Wait until my skill cooldown expires That would be easier No Bingbing is still there we can't escape Oops Don't be stupid It's important to save one's life Lin Mo them Escaped It doesn't matter It doesn't matter if they are there or not I can take care of these monsters no mercy Hit me hard Bingbing sorry Lin Mo Bai Bingbing Jiang Feng Blue Warbler Complete task one Mission accomplished How is it possible cousin what should we do It's okay There is also a second task Let's find the deep sea monster first It's also a favor to them. Next We're going to find the behemoth of the deep sea The mission prompts that our destination is about two kilometers away It will take some time to swim there I have an idea But you need me to hold you why time and space displacement we arrived Lin Mo You are too fast cave entrance Completely covered with water plants Aquatic weed shield Is it a cover-up? Lin Mo Bingbing Come in quickly It's okay There is no water in the cave yes like land Look There is light inside what we are looking for It should be inside be careful This is huge sea turtle Could it be a deep-sea behemoth? You guessed it right I just don't know how to get the pearl Lin Mo There is a stone monument here When the behemoth of the deep sea feels pain Will spit out deep sea pearls So that's it This deep sea beast Just to verify that the professional's attack is Meet the requirements for second transfer simple Shadow Blade A flash of rainbow light It's no use How could this happen? It didn't happen at all This defense is really amazing Let me try Come out Tauren Lord buffalo charge Come again I don't believe it's so strong good guy As expected of a turtle Really rough skin and thick flesh Lin Mo you see Finally spit out the pearls All the old cows are burned out Just spit out a deep sea pearl This won't work if it is the structure of a turtle Turtle shell is the strongest The belly of the turtle should be the weak point lift it up Maybe there is a way God level summons Skeleton King Overturn it with your sword Now let's see if you are still strong or not Skeleton King Hit wherever you are weak Congratulations Lin Mo Congratulations to Lin Mo and Bai Bingbing Get deep sea pearls Multiply by ten The turtle's belly is indeed its weak point Lin Mo Bai Bingbing Complete task two Because of Jiang Feng Blue Warbler Does not appear within the valid range judged as Not completed It turns out that deep sea pearls can be exchanged for advancement stones. These one hundred are only enough to deliver the mission Want to sublimate Just need more advancement stones So go ahead and let it vomit. little turtle You're not in that much pain, right? Lin Mo Bai Bingbing Get deep sea pearls times ten times ten times ten Obtain Lin Mocheng's merit and kill the deep sea monster Obtain giant beast turtle shell Get giant beast tortoise shell*1 Hang up so quickly The power of the Skeleton King is truly incredible He actually stabbed the behemoth of the deep sea with astonishing defenses. Lin Mo Are we still going to do extended missions? Everyone has come Let's do it together by the way The director is not good The old turtle in the second-turn universal dungeon is dead What's going on Can't that old turtle live for another eighteen hundred years? Not sure The specific cause of death still needs to be further investigated. Send someone there immediately This old turtle cannot be reset immeasurable value Understand Is there an ancient deep-sea city down here? The system prompt is at this location How are we going to get down? Leave it to me God level summons Hell Flame Wolf Just use it as a means of transportation hairy So comfortable cousin This is the cave of the deep sea monster. The road went so smoothly We're definitely faster than that kid It is said that deep sea monsters will not attack Just hit it to hurt it will spit out pearls Pearls can also be exchanged for advancement stones Bingbing has always been very good to me Why don't we fight more? Give her some pearls then No problem for Bai Bingbing But the boy wants I have to fight myself cousin Is this the behemoth of the deep sea? Why is it turning over and motionless? Are you still sleeping? cousin Behemoth of the Deep it hangs The behemoth of the deep sea has amazing defense capabilities Who has the ability to kill it? There must be something fishy about this matter I can't complete the task anymore. Let's leave the copy now Get a copy of the Monitoring Bureau report Where are Bingbing and the others? Something went wrong when we changed jobs. Yingying No matter what they do Let them fend for themselves It's a mission stone extended tasks Deep sea sand filling Bury the Deep Sea Ancient City Mission The ancient city is so big Should we split up to find the smuggler? No need It's hard for the two of us to find the smuggler's head Using summons can be effective God level summons Come out Goblin Army The target is four smugglers Goblin Army Start blanket search Too strong There is actually such a way Sorry Something happened just now By the way, where were you talking about? Our team of four is doing a job transfer mission As a result, two gangsters provoked the fish monster. The fish monsters attacked and they ran away. It makes us both struggle to support each other. How unreasonable Such a critical job transfer task He actually abandoned his teammates and left first when he encountered danger. What are their names? One is named Lin Mo Called Bai Bingbing They are all from Beijiang Especially the one named Lin Mo He has the most bad ideas If it weren't for my resourcefulness Sooner or later, you will die in his hands. Bai Bingbing didn't want to abandon us It's all because of Lin Moli You are all outstanding talents in Kyoto There are such treacherous people I will never let it go Director Dai You see Can I take our Kyoto monitor with me? go and catch him Come back and investigate clearly If he refuses I'll fight until he wants to come over Such behavior cannot go unpunished I'll arrange for someone to help you right away The Monitoring Bureau is also helping me Lin Mo you're dead So long in the deep sea You won't catch a cold, right? strange Like someone is cursing me behind my back Found it so fast Little ones Click on the snake head What's going on, Lin Mo? Not good The ancient city is about to be buried Let's go quickly The entire ancient city is being buried How could a door be opened? Is it a hidden boss? Bingbing There's a secret door over there There is probably a hidden boss I want to go there I want to go too too dangerous You leave immediately The summoned beast is my weapon That's why I'm going to take the risk Rest assured I'll be back before the burial is finished Lin Mo Why are you like this? Director Dai Know that I haven't left Kyoto Call me here specifically for tea Did something happen? Director Bai You two young people from Beijiang Got into a lot of trouble Who? Could it be my precious daughter? Is it causing a storm in your realm? Two students named Lin Mo and Bai Bingbing She is really my daughter What happened to her and Lin Mo? The two of them teamed up with members of the four major families in Kyoto He escaped on the way Just when they were doing their job transfer mission The class-changing beast in the area is dead Impossible It's impossible for them to escape without authorization. Mr. Jiang family and Miss Lan family He has brought several of our monitors with him Go to the dungeon entrance to catch them. Call them back quickly Together, they can't beat Lin Mo. Mr. Jiang Feng is a sacred-level profession. Private 5th Class I called the monitor from the past They are all at least third-class privates or above. What is Lin Mo? He has a hidden profession boss summoner These are the hidden professions that have emerged throughout the ages There are only a few great ones Can he be compared with the four major families in Kyoto? I don't trust a newbie Can beat the holy level Director Dai If something happens You have a big responsibility It's so dark here There really is a hidden boss. Still monster level This adventure was not in vain Maybe you can get new boss crystals time and space displacement It's time to fight quickly Otherwise, it will be buried in the sand sooner or later. God Level Summon Skeleton King Go up and solve it God's annihilation Kill without Ao Successfully defeated the monster-level hidden boss Hydra Drop crystals from the Hydra boss go take me out of here is the master Lin Mo you liar You promised me you would come back Don't worry, I'm still alive Thank you for your hard work Go back and rest Lin Mo You big liar I almost thought I would never see you again The hard work is worth it you see so beautiful This is my weapon as the boss summoner You have to take me with you next time Do you know I might not be able to escape if I take you with me. The mission of covering the ancient deep sea city is completed Extended mission mission completed Medical Sea Ancient City mission completed The mission of burying the ancient deep sea city is completed All tasks completed Let's go back So unlucky The copy is not allowed to enter what happened I heard that the deep sea beast in the dungeon died. Monsters are not killed Is it just for viewing? Oh, what do you know? This deep sea beast It's a monster bought at a high price by the Kyoto Dungeon Monitoring Bureau. Because the defense is extremely high So I just keep it as a job-changing facade. Give in everyone cousin do we really want to do this We are the ones running away, not them shut up why I don't understand If the two of them tell what happened in the copy first, What will our family think of us? Have you ever thought about it our face more important than their lives Listen to my cousin Cousin won't harm you ok I listen to my cousin That's right Wait for me to give the order later. If he dares to resist arrest, he will be dealt with directly on the spot. Understand Target appears Lin Mo Be honest with me Jiang Feng what are you going to do Naturally, I took down you two and abandoned your teammates maliciously. The guy who destroyed the copy Nonsense Leaving us and running away It's obviously you Bingbing, no need to waste your breath He obviously wanted to frame me At this time You have to speak with strength God level summons Skeleton King skeleton Skeleton King I remember Skeleton King Is he the final boss of the Demon City dungeon? So strong Can actually summon the Skeleton King Lin Mo warn you don't resist If you dare to resist, you are violating the rules. Are you sure you want to follow Jiang Fenghu? We are following orders He is our commander since Naturally obey him It turns out that with a high military rank, you can do whatever you want. look what this is rank of second lieutenant Taller than Jiang Feng Lieutenant Such a young second lieutenant Lin Mo usually doesn't like to talk much. I don't like fighting very much either. I didn't expect that He actually holds the rank of second lieutenant How is it possible cousin are you okay Open it for me second lieutenant What a joke Dare to use fake military rank Lin Mo I'm going to bring you to justice now Catch him for me What are you doing standing around? Help Conghuo You don't dare to fuck me Hell Spell by my rules Swallow the evil in front of you Lin Mo This is a hell spell If it is affixed with a charm All energy in the body will be sucked away He can't do it yet Skeleton King Hell Spell was split damn I don't believe it spell make a death pact Useless to me Do you think it will be useful for my summoned beast? Don't be arrogant There were so many deep sea fish monsters before They all died from this trick It's dangerous, everyone, get out of the way You don't really think I'm going to let you finish casting the spell, do you? Skeleton King spell Shield of Ancient Divine Marks This is the ancient divine pattern shield You are a little summoner Not that easy to break through Impossible Lin Mo Wrong Lieutenant Lin It's my fault you spare me This is timid I still like that unruly look just now You recover me I am the son of the Jiang family in Kyoto you kill me My family will tear you into pieces You have no right to threaten me now Bastard spell Tianyan fight me You are still too young are you sure Impossible How could this happen? Lin Mo What kind of monster are you? This so-called Tianyan I'll give it all back to you Help Send Mr. Jiang to the hospital quickly I didn't expect that Mr. Jiang's family would turn out like this. The sacred profession really lost to the hidden profession Do you believe what I say now? You have such a powerful summon Why do you still run away from battle? Blue Warbler You say it explain everything clearly sorry The people who escaped from the battle were actually my cousin Jiang Feng and me. Director Dai Jiang Feng lied to you before Childish is really too childish sorry I shouldn't run away We should not frame you falsely The price of lies is high Lin Mo Were you the one who killed the deep-sea monster in the dungeon? This is actually Needless to say I know the old turtle's defense power. How could you, a little doll, do that? Right, right, right Dad Director Dai Nothing happens Let's go first able to do so without any injuries Hurt Jiang Feng like this This Lin Mo is indeed not simple Never underestimate any profession. old turtle Are you still checking? Now that the matter is over, I don't need to check anymore. I already guessed it Now that we know the truth Then I'll take my leave first. The rise of new forces This land in Kyoto It's also becoming more and more complex. Twenty-four hours Time is quite tight It's a pity We can't do it together Right previous pearls Give you some These are all the hard work of yours. I can't take so much I only need 200 pills, enough for me to change my job. ok If it's not enough, ask me for more Goodbye To tame a super large monster over five meters long In this case The Hydra crystal that just dropped is just right. However, summoning the Kyuubi last time was too ostentatious. Let's choose a remote place with no one around. That woods is nice Off the beaten track I'll chase you into the wild Pay back the money quickly Really deserve a beating Brother Ruan I'll pay it back next week No, you can meet people here Brother Ruan Otherwise I'll kill him If you kill him, who will pay me back? If you can't come next week Your sister is mine Did you hear that? listen heard I haven't had time to brush up on my wild boss yet. Go and look for it We can only find people to form a team to farm materials and make money. brother Do you want to form a team? There's still time Why not help him? OK What do you want to brush? All is OK I just want materials I can give you everything else My name is Lu Fei Ordinary level professional iron sword knight Only level 12? Because I have younger brothers and sisters to take care of I can only come out occasionally every day to gain experience. So the level is relatively low Every family has scriptures that are difficult to recite. Why did those people hit you just now? You've seen it all Those guys are moneylenders from Dongcheng District I was kicked out of the adventure group because I was injured. for livelihood I had no choice but to borrow money from them Unexpectedly, I fell into the trap of loan sharking The result is How much do you still owe? Eighty thousand gold coins with principal and interest If you can defeat a field boss above level 15, Dropped materials and equipment It should be worth 80,000 gold coins. Level 15 Still the boss me me me I can't beat it Now that we've formed a team, leave it to me. Really? Thank you brother Brother Ruan and the others are also looking for a wild boss. When I was exploring before Found a very rare one we Do you want to get there first? OK Lead the way brother right here This dryad boss has level 18 can you do it Don't worry Leave it to me God level summons Such a tall goblin This is my first time seeing you Send a few people to take care of this dryad. brother Can we defeat them alone? That's the wild boss get serious Don't let others look down upon you I upgraded It's a long-lost feeling Two such short goblins Just kill the boss Who is this brother? Boss crystal belongs to me I'll give you all the rest Selling it will be enough to pay off the debt. no no no As promised, I only need the materials Everything else is yours Take it These low-level items are worthless to me brother Big brother You are really my savior Brother Ruan I've been looking for the boss for so long I'm so hungry How about we give up? endure I got information The wild boss is nearby Lu Fei Want to teach them a lesson? think Of course I want to I thought of a plan But i need you to help me me Big brother you say The boy named Lu What if I still don't have the money? I just hope he doesn't get it Then his sister will be mine Brother Ruan front There's a boss ahead who has to be strong Really? where right there Over there Come with me Don't let others beat you to it It seems like this is it What the hell is this? Goblin This is the wild boss This little goblin is not as long as my legs. This is the wild boss Brother Ruan You don't need to take action I can handle it all What's going on Are goblins so strong? Where did all these goblins come from? Help, help! cool Big brother thank you Just a little effort Bad Being so helpful that I forgot about my mission I also said goodbye in advance That's right, brother What's your name? Lin Mo It's quite hidden here God level summons Hydra petrochemical Nine Elements Control It's a good assistant You have completed the second transfer exclusive task Please go to the job transfer temple Complete job transfer Finally got it done Come back, hydra demon I can finally have a good rest. Why is there a letter? what is this This ID card It was left behind by your father during his lifetime. Maybe you can use it later Senior Researcher It turns out that Uncle Bai knows my dad Lin Mo All my tasks are completed Let's go to the job transfer temple together tomorrow. I just finished too Then see you tomorrow Lin Mo, I'm here go Go in line You are all professionals who are here for a second transfer. This one It's Dai Qiumeng, a classmate of Qianlong College, a Kyoto university. He will choose a few from everyone Provide help for your job transition Dai Qiumeng The legendary genius job changer Nineteen years old and already level 27 So handsome is he looking at me The one who speaks It's Master Luo Gen who is responsible for the second transfer. Dai Qiumeng beside me It's our school Volunteers stationed at the job transfer temple Let the autumn alliance begin OK The energy fluctuations are very abnormal The potential is extremely obvious Two classmates over there Please come here it's both of us Can I get some guidance? My name is Bai Bingbing Also from Kyoto University But I haven't entered Qianlong Academy yet Not bad It's a good seedling This classmate Come on stage too Sorry I don't need guidance What is this guy pretending to be? He actually rejected Senior Dai Others have asked me to come and haven't had the chance yet. classmates You still don't understand the importance of guidance? If you are not using deep sea pearls Exchange enough advancement stones The second transfer is likely to cause a drop in professional strength. But just follow the instructions There is a high probability that the intensity will be increased Changing careers is a lifelong matter Don't act out of emotion just to save face. But I really don't need it Give the opportunity to others Master Luo The strong melon is not sweet Since this classmate Don't need my help I won't force it. I have seen too many arrogant young people. When the intensity decreases Don't regret it Job transfer in area six begins next Wang Hua If there is an advancement stone Can be injected into white crystal Increase chance of sublimation Senior I barely managed to scrape together a hundred deep-sea pearls No extra advancement stones It's okay Then follow the method I taught you before Job transfer successful Rare profession: Great Ax Warrior Promoted to a rare profession axe great my ability improves Even without using the advancement stone, the strength is increased. Senior Dai is so awesome Next Bai Bingbing This girl He actually passed the nightmare-level job transfer dungeon. Even the expansion tasks have been completed Talent It's all Lin Mo's credit. Who is this person named Lin Mo? Do you have any advancement stones? Can be injected into white crystal Increase chance of sublimation One hundred advancement stones have been injected One hundred Classmate Bai Bingbing Are you interested in volunteering at the Job Change Temple? Sorry, Archmage I have other plans Let's get started Everyone pay attention to safety Be careful not to be affected by this power Not good Her career advancement requires too much energy Still missing some advancement stones It's dangerous to go on like this I can only interrupt the job transfer. Wait Three hundred advancement stones have been injected Three hundred pills Are the behemoths of the deep sea his relatives? give so much So tired Lin Mo thank you You It would scare Archmage Logan into having a heart attack Sublimation and job transfer successful Sub-career Awakening Please go to the corresponding professional mentor to learn new skills Bai Bingbing's second turn awakens dual professions Sub-professions are also legendary level It's a rare occurrence in a thousand years let me slow down Lin Mo, I have become stronger Thank you for helping me again Lin Mo, let go of my goddess So envious next Lin Mo It's finally my turn This guy just took all the advancement stones Give it all to the Bingbing goddess, right? What if he changes his job? If you don't have enough advancement stones In fact, you can change jobs next time It's okay The more advancement stones you have The greater the possibility of career advancement Three thousand advancement stones have been injected three thousand Why are there so many advancement stones? I'm so curious What career can he switch to? It can't be this guy Kill the behemoth of the deep sea? come on So dazzling Phoenix Impossible This is an ancient beast Job transfer successful It took more than 3,000 advancement stones to turn two The result was a successful relegation Made me laugh so hard It's just a hidden profession The system board seems to have a reminder There is an additional profession on the information board Ancient Bloodline Reforger There is no change in the body Is it because of hiding one's profession? Don't be angry Lin Mo you are already strong You don't need a second transfer to prove anything for you Bingbing I don't care at all Lin Mo Are you a pervert? Wouldn't you cry or be sad in this situation? Bingbing Have you ever heard of the Ancient Bloodline Reforger? No Why don't you go to the library and check it out? you are right What is right? You have to send me back first Good No problem I'm going to die today I have no strength anymore We agreed that we would go to Qianlong Academy together after our second transfer. Then tomorrow Let's go to Qianlong College to register together Lin Mo, you are the best Ancient Bloodline Reforger Summons can be recast Tracing the ancient bloodline of summoned objects That is to say Every summoned object can trace its ancient bloodline After the second turn, the summoning space and skills have been improved. It shouldn't be a problem to enter Qianlong Academy here here This is the preparatory registration office of Qianlong College You two are here to sign up, right? After two people registered You will be eligible to receive Qianlong Academy's challenge missions As long as the challenge is successful And the military rank is not lower than Private III You can successfully join Qianlong Academy Quite simple Who is it? So arrogant Go and get busy Look It caused another conflict Really simple The one who shrugged Come here I want to sign up You fill out the form first I'll tell you the challenge again I, old man Li, am in charge of Kyoto University I have never seen a boy so crazy about signing up. Wait you you you You are only a freshman This year's freshman class has only started for less than a week. You've already turned two how is this possible Sweep him for me No matter how deep you hide it Our anti-cheating device I can still sweep you out report Lin Mo did not cheat Lin Mo Such a familiar name You're not the top pick in the country, are you? what Lin Mo Ning Hu, the strongest summoner at Kyoto Academy They were all defeated by him He also defeated Jiang Feng from the Jiang family in Kyoto It's Jiang Ye, the second son of the Jiang family in Kyoto. What is he here for? leaflet why are you here I have something important to do this time Jiangye Jiang Feng Is he Jiang Feng's brother? Xiaoye Kyoto University has students like you What an honor Li Bo This is my registration form Do you also want to join Qianlong Academy? Have you already transferred to your second job? he can Why can't I It turns out he was here to target me. A triple profession combining warrior mage and warlock Sounds more powerful than his brother The front lines around Xia Kingdom Filled with countless monsters from hell They are bloodthirsty Continuously destroying our Xia Kingdom¡¯s city Our Kyoto University The founding principle of Qianlong College is Clear out all hell monsters Eliminate all invading enemies The only challenge for joining Qianlong Academy Just kill monsters from hell on the front lines The goal is Get one thousand merit points Thousand points Isn't it a monster that only gives a little merit point? I heard that hell monsters are much stronger than dungeon monsters Qianlong Academy is so easy to enter Why is it called the training ground for devils in Xia Kingdom? and the Dragoon Reserve Army By the way, one more thing to add This challenge Must be completed within forty-eight hours That's two days Lin Mo You beat my brother seriously This can't be settled like this I want to bet you Who has the highest merit within forty-eight hours? He was the one who provoked me first less nonsense If you dare not compare Just go and kowtow a hundred times in front of my brother. and say I'm wrong What if you lose? if i lose Just standing in the Kyoto Gakushu Plaza Shouted in front of everyone Lin Mo is my grandfather Then leave Kyoto Academy forever Oops Really rare Two such famous people Making such a vicious bet good guy It turned out to be Meng Junchen Mythical Characters of Beijiang Last year¡¯s provincial champion Everyone Hello everyone I heard that you are also from Beijiang National champion Not bad don't be afraid of him If you are a little worse in the end I can help you with some tricks Not afraid I just don't want to get involved in such childish things If you don't fight back, how can you survive in Qianlong Academy? Hello I took this bet for him But if you lose Stand naked in the square OK Who is afraid of whom Lao Meng You're bullying the freshmen again Xiaomengmeng, you are here Jiangye Are you sure you want to compete with Lin Mo? My brother failed to live up to expectations and lost face of the Jiang family. I have to find it myself this time small league How about the two of us being supervisors? You will definitely be partial to you people from Beijiang You will also favor the Jiang family. Anyway, they are all ancestral It should be supervised by both of us. Please touch the mission stone Qianlong challenge mission Earn at least one thousand merit points Uncapped Optional mission locations Kyoto Theater No. 1 Kyoto University Kyoto University The Realm of Illusion Merit points for killing monsters in war zone It is several times the state of illusion But there are advantages In Warzone you don't just have to kill monsters Also always pay attention to the people around you I don't dare go to a war zone You only live once Risking his life to enter Qianlong Academy It¡¯s not worth it either Lin Mo Are you ready to kowtow and apologize? Goodbye I'm waiting for you in the war zone Are we really going to a war zone? I heard my dad say it's quite dangerous there. To be on the safe side Bingbing, we have to do tasks separately this time. three But I want to stay with you This challenge mission Completely different from brushing a copy I don't want you to be in danger too Don't worry, it's only two days. That I'm waiting for you to come back Good Hello Seriously You are the mythical figure in Beijiang City, right? You won the top prize in the country I also broke many of my records. Just functioning normally You kid really has a nose and a face. Ahead is the entrance to War Zone No. 1. let you see What is Pai Noodles? Stop What to do I am Meng Junchen from Qianlong College, a Kyoto academic institution. Bac Giang Province Number One Scholar Holder of multiple previous clearance records do you know him Don't know Actually Don't know Enter the war zone and fight monsters to gain merit points. Go there and register so many people Recently, criminals from other countries have fled to War Zone No. 1 There are many people who come here for the bounty money. So there are more people brother No matter how I say it, he is also a fifth-class private. Give me a convenience let me in Just on the same level as me What's there to show off? Unless you are a lieutenant Otherwise, you have to wait in line Can those with rank of lieutenant have priority to enter? Yes What's wrong Then let me in Hello sir No You are only a freshman When did you get promoted to second lieutenant? Wait you can't enter He was with me Turns out he is your follower Then please follower I've become a follower This is the outskirts of the war zone The terrain is basically desert There's a sandstorm ahead Be careful of monsters taking advantage of the chaos to attack they are very cunning God level summons Skeleton King Golden Skeleton King good guy The one I met in the Demon City It's not a concept at all Be careful. There is a monster coming. A monster from hell The attributes are not low Can you deal with these three monsters at the same time? i can support you It's trivial Defeated the Zealot Burner Merit value add fifteen No wonder you can break my record General Xu Mo We have soldiers in Kyoto Theater 1 The murderer from Sakura Country was discovered But the situation there is complicated Couldn't catch him The reward order has been issued, right? Published Except for the Dragoons There are many capable career changers On the way to war zone one Be sure to do your best to encircle and suppress Understand finally arrived That's where the monsters from hell gather. Countless monsters will emerge from here Want to complete the Qianlong Challenge within two days? This is the most suitable place Thank you very much a trivial matter After all, we are from Beijiang to help each other We can¡¯t let people in Kyoto look down on us. There's someone over there Sixth brother Someone new is coming Follow me boy How many brothers have taken over this land? Want to fight monsters Pay toll first I didn't expect a war zone to be such a dangerous place There are still people who occupy the mountain and become kings Get out of the way quickly Otherwise, don¡¯t blame me for being rude Young people should not be too arrogant XXX are as cruel as you I've already buried it under the sand presumptuous How dare you block the road and rob someone in a war zone? Dragoons Sixth brother Run quickly The dragoons are all dispatched Thank you two seniors for your help. It's a trivial matter, no need to be polite Long time no see Lin Mo He is Lin Mo That's right Let General Xu Mo personally award the person with the rank of Second Lieutenant You actually know him too We are here for the murderers of Sakura Country Almost all the members of the third team were dispatched Captain Zhuang Yan belongs to the second team Not enough manpower I can only pull him over. I am solemn Captain of the second echelon of the Dragoons rank of second lieutenant Level 35 second-level legendary profession Thunder Mage Level 27 Switch to legendary profession oracle king As far as we know The murderer seems to have fled deep into the No. 1 War Zone If you two want to make some extra money You can also come with us Sorry, we're on a mission Time is tight only forty eight hours this time It may not be able to help It doesn't matter Catch the murderer You can get a lot of gold coins and merit points as rewards If you want to come, please contact us directly here we go Lin Mo See you next time I'll stay outside Call me immediately if anything happens Good The dry well has long since dried up so many monsters God level summons general slime Tauren Lord So crowded There are also some in the back It seems that just the two of them are not enough. frost queen It¡¯s been almost three hours He can't hold on anymore, right? are you okay Drink this blood bottle quickly No need, I'm not hurt Really Why do you look so wolf? Just the investigation took three hours. It seems that the scale inside is quite large. No need. I have killed all the monsters inside. what If you don¡¯t believe it, look More than 8,000 merit points It only took you more than three hours to finish it The space inside is too small and cannot be used. Otherwise it would be faster That being the case Let's go to Hell Python Cave together Hell Python Cave what is that place Based on my understanding of Dai Qiumeng He must bring Jiang Ye with him To the Hell Python Cave Quickly upgraded Since you swipe so quickly It's better to just grab their monsters You have already obtained 260 merit points today. This result is enough to disdain the entire Qianlong Academy I can continue This can lead directly to the deepest part of the cave. How come you know everything? What is the insight skill? Just a little trick I really want to take a look at your body What's inside? go from here Good listen to you Senior, you don¡¯t actually need to follow me. I'll do it myself. It'll be over soon. No I just want to see how you fight monsters why so fast Skeleton King is huge This is not the place for it to fight what do you want to do Who said I only have one summon? You have other summons God level summon hydra demon I go This is too cool The value is indeed not low [Skills: Corrosive Venom, Swallow] but compared to the Hydra demon, it¡¯s still a bit boring. Use petrochemicals Successfully defeated the Hell Python The first wave has been completed You're going too fast, right? Too cruel three hours I've wiped out all the monsters I've had for a month. It's such a waste to have so much snake meat sitting around. It¡¯s better to fill your stomach first Senior You came out to kill monsters and you actually brought barbecue ingredients with you. I don't fight as fast as you do I often have to stay in the dungeon for several days. Been doing it for so long This road is the road leading deep into the cave after all, right? Why does it smell like barbecue? Could it be a python trap? There is smoke in front Go down and have a look How delicious is it? Tastes really good Lao Meng Lin Mo What a coincidence I happened to grill some skewers Come over and have something to eat What about the giant python deep in the cave? Aren't they all over there? So much has been solved How is it possible It only took three hours More than just Hell Python Cave before we came here Lin Mo has already removed the people from the well in the collapsed town. Thousands of monsters All finished I don't believe it Meng Junchen must have helped you I don't believe you can do it so quickly Kill so many monsters Lao Meng The Monitoring Bureau has a large database for tracking operations. Is it the monster Lin Mo killed? Just check and you'll know Don't believe it Then you can just check it out when you go back. Lin Mo We'll see Someone is looking for you It¡¯s information about the Dragoons emergency Inukai Ichiro, the murderer of Sakura Country Fleeing in War Zone No. 1 All personnel from Private 3 and above please reply to the message arrested together Let's reply The task is almost done now You can go and help No problem Tenyo Ichiro was last seen in Hell Demon City Please ask nearby people to rush there quickly Hell Demon City No wonder even the Dragoons I couldn't take him down even for a while. Is it tricky there? It's called the Monster Manufacturing Factory Hell monsters will constantly appear inside Never finish killing If you go in there, you'll be swallowed up by monsters if you're not careful. Be mentally prepared It's not as simple as brushing merit points there. I understand You are here Lin Mo I knew you would definitely come How is the situation now? Team members have already investigated Inukai Ichiro is hiding in the magic city It's like we made some kind of agreement with the monster This is strange You two are here too Do you have any holidays? They thought Lin Mo was doing something weird So you don¡¯t bother to be with us It seems Someone misunderstood Lin Mo again Which boss is this? He came with a flying sword So handsome Everyone I am a member of the first team of the Chinese Dragoons Yao Chuang Level 49, second transfer to legendary profession Mercenary King Lieutenant Colonel rank The thugs from Sakura Country came to our Xia Country to commit murder. today Everyone just needs to kill a monster in the Hell Demon City regardless of level Both will receive fifty merit points Kill lord level monsters Earn 500 merit points great There is such a good thing I've finally caught up now. If anyone succeeds in catching Inukai Ichiro Or kill him Get 5,000 merit points immediately This is an opportunity given by God Lin Mo, let¡¯s compete openly and honestly. I'm just here to arrest people I'm not interested in competing with you Let¡¯s see how long you can be tough-talking Lin Mo You stand forward Lin Mo is a summoner You should stand in the crowd to protect your own safety How can you be at the forefront? It doesn't matter Lin Mo can carry and fight Definitely better than a warrior Yes, Team Banker Wait until you see how powerful Lin Mo is I wouldn't say that anymore Can he stop the first wave of monsters? Stand so close to the front Be careful and send it in one wave You'll know later Be vigilant The monster is coming out Everyone Let's see you at the celebration party later Kill, 150% damage to snow 1 The sky is shining Brilliant Slash Lin Mo can't just have that guy to perform We also have to rush Give me a try Really impressed him The mage rushes as hard as an assassin Let's go too Good I'm with you Liu Jie Why did you even run away? Ray of Holy Light Thunder's Fury The strength of the Dragon Riders is indeed extraordinary. Worthy of being an elite Lin Mo Lin Mo Why don't you take action? God level summons Skeleton King wow Golden Skeleton King Can this thing also be summoned? something superficial What's the use Come on Give these monsters some color and see It turns out that this is Lin Mo¡¯s confidence No wonder Liu Jie believes in him so much Be careful everyone Help Is this an enemy skill? Why do you still beat your own people? Not that simple you see These monsters are strengthened For them, this kind of fire It should be some kind of gain skill This number is too much Skeleton King, come back first and change your tactics. It¡¯s over, not even Skeleton King anymore Let's withdraw don't back down Let me give you all the overall buffs The four-dimensional attributes have all been improved by 3,000 points. Is this the skill of Mercenary City? Yao Chuang you really Do you want to go against me? you finally showed up Inukai Ichiro Hurry up and catch him dreaming Soul of Nine Tails demon fox Could it be that he was at the back of Kyoto University before? He was the one who summoned nine-tailed fox It was originally the ancient mythical beast of our Xia Kingdom But some admirers in Sakura Country By burning one's life To summon the soul of this ancient beast But it only has three tails It's just a part of it that's summoned go ahead To replenish your body Mercenary City break it for me In front of the army of hell There is only a dead end for you. Just wait, I'll get it sooner or later The entire first theater Not good Too many flaming demon dogs My mercenary city can't help it lasts too long It's over now, we can only retreat. Don't be nervous It's not over yet Just a ghost with a tail and a bunch of dogs Not worth panic They are ancient mythical beasts and hell monsters Can you handle it? Of course Leave it to me to break the situation We believe in Lin Mo Don't give up, everyone You guys are really stubborn How You want to come too Don't get me wrong I don¡¯t want Lin Mo to be in the limelight alone. Hope your method works Don't worry God level summons general slime Goblin Summoner Ice Mage Red Gold Blood Demon Tauren Lord Hell Flame Wolf Hydra What a strong pressure Lieutenant Colonel Yao I'm going to get rid of these demon hounds Please keep maintaining your shield skills There are too many of them can you really do it What I'm not afraid of the most is the quantity. Goblin Summoner It's your turn Don¡¯t think that you can become a hero just by relying on a few summoned beasts. I also want to earn merit points Young people should not be too arrogant clean them all up Goblin Legion attack Jumping critical hit buffalo charge frost freeze Demonic python swamp Demonic flames descend from heaven Sea of red gold and blood Too strong I have never seen such a powerful summoner How about little leaves No comparison He's almost finished clearing all the monsters How can I compare Not good we are here to help you We pursue victory Everyone come together Rush, rush, rush became quiet The trash should have all been wiped out, right? Demon dog? Everything was wiped out no matter what Inukai Your monsters have been wiped out Come out quickly and die It turns out that it was through these inferior summons. That being the case Just let you see real Ancient mythical beast Soul of Nine Tails Show up Oops, the monster is out again Everyone, please get back inside the protective shield. Lin Mo Do you want to die? Come back soon Still resisting to the death You won't last long Lin Mo was able to withstand the attack of the Nine-Tailed Soul How strong is he? Jiangye What are you stunned for? You see, I was just scared. So damn Why can¡¯t I compare to Lin Mo? Am I going to lose? When has it been? Still poor It¡¯s really too much to fight for a long time Can't hold back anymore your summon I can't hold on anymore What you summon is just a shadow Let me show you the real body God level summons nine-tailed fox this is impossible According to frontline battle reports Inukai Ichiro summons the spirit of the Nine Tails Yao Chuang uses the mercenary city to resist the attack Although Yao Chuang¡¯s Mercenary King attribute is very strong But it's not enough to resist the Kyuubi And the fierce attack of the hell army Report to the Lord A summoner named Lin Mo Defeated the flaming demon dog Alone now Battle with Inukai Ichiro Reinforcement immediately Nothing must happen to Lin Mo Yes so beautiful That's right This nine-tailed fox He was the one who showed up at Kyoto Academy that night Impossible It must be a deception Soul of Nine Tails I am willing to sacrifice all my life Exchange flesh and blood with you Yours is fake mine It is the real ancient beast true or false You'll know in one battle won Inukai Ichiro was killed Lin Mo Well done What's going on Where is Inukai Ichiro? Lord Warlord you are here How is the battle going? Lin Mo has solved the target good boy It really didn't disappoint me General Xu Mo You hide it deep enough This thing can also be summoned Stop flattering me The nine-tailed demon fox is too conspicuous I'm still thinking about how to hide it Don't worry Leave the aftermath to me Yao Chuang Come here Yes Lin Mo You totally gave me a new understanding of summoners No wonder Liu Jie trusts you so much You actually still have ancient mythical beasts? Don¡¯t summon that stupid skeleton king again. Kill without Ao Everyone, be quiet. General Xu Mo Authorize me to award merit points to everyone. All the career changers who are charging into battle today In addition to the merit points obtained from killing monsters, Each person will be awarded an additional 500 points Long live the Dragoons In addition to this Also a special award As for who Everyone should know Lin Mo Lin Mo Lin Mo That's right Lin Mo, who played a key role in this battle A separate award of 5,000 points of merit points one million gold coins ok bro Now you are suddenly rich But there is an extra life All career changers present What we saw and heard today must be All confidential Found someone leaked Dragoons Severe punishment without mercy Yes Come to the headquarters often when you have time I'm waiting for you It's great to be young It turns out you two are back It¡¯s hard to earn merit points, right? How can challenge tasks be so easy to complete? Let's take a break and wait for Jiang Ye to come back. Calculate the results together no need to wait Settlement now Now that everyone is here Let's get started More than 18,000 merit points Breaking the record again. Merit value: 18200 It seems that Jiang Ye will definitely win this time Brat it's your turn My merit is Needless to say What's going on Hello Come and see the square What's going on in the square? Jiang Yehe All he took off was a pair of pants what Jiang Ye has nearly 20,000 merit points How can you lose Mr. Li Merit value: 518000) I hand in the task 510,000 Eight thousand merit points old man There are thugs from Sakura Country breaking into the war zone. you can hear heard about it It is said that there is a summoner on one's own Just solve the other party It's him Lin Mo this this Young hero old man Lin Mo has completed the challenge, right? After I submit it here You can go through the admission procedures Thank you very much That's okay Let's go first Why are you so anxious? Hurry up to the square and watch Jiang Ye make a fool of himself. How interesting wait a moment Lin Mo The dean just sent me a message Said I wanted you tomorrow Go to his place why Of course I value you That's the dean of Qianlong Academy As soon as I was admitted to the hospital, I was noticed by the dean. The future is promising Where is his home? Oops I'll take you there tomorrow I will seize the time to go to the square to have fun. Lin Mo It's my grandpa You really do what you say Respect him for being a man Please help me persuade Jiang Ye. He has been shouting for half an hour So many people watching He is quite famous You should thank me You will make sarcastic remarks Jiang Ye is willing to admit defeat He is already much stronger than Jiang Feng There's no need to punish him anymore Lin Mo I thank you on behalf of Jiang Ye That being the case Then let's go first I also want to take Lin Mo to Qianlong Academy. This Lin Mo It's really hard to see through This is the Sakura Country murderer Inukairou's battle images According to the survey He not only violated the No. 1 War Zone He has also been to War Zone No. 2 and No. 3. even Been to some secret places After our initial speculation He wants to start the battlefield ten years ago Harness the power of hell to defeat us. So our Dragoons All forces must be united Fully investigate Eliminate terrorist forces as soon as possible Yes I can help you complete all the admission procedures. Thank you for your hard work, senior should Who made us fellow villagers? But the people from Qianlong Academy Why do you look so wary? blind student Congratulations on discovering Huadian They all keep fighting It¡¯s because of Qianlong Academy¡¯s ranking on the Heavenly Ranking After entering the ranking someone beat you That person's ranking will rise you will fall But It¡¯s better to wait until you have a ranking before worrying about it. Senior That Your heavenly list How high does it rank? About ninety-two How many positions are there in total? one hundred It turns out that the senior is at the bottom. you don't know The Tianbang list is full of perverts. Forget it You'll understand later You should go find a dormitory first. I want to have a good rest I'll take you to see the principal tomorrow It¡¯s all done Lin Mo I passed the examination Congratulations, Bingbing I heard about your results You have more than half a million merit points I worked so hard that I only had one thousand points Just a coincidence Then come out and tell me tonight good No problem I finally have time to study the Ancient Bloodline Reforger. general slime It's up to you to try out new skills. Ancient bloodline recast Ancient bloodline tracing completed General Slime Ancient Bloodline Shoggoth Unexpectedly, General Slime¡¯s ancestor He actually looks like this Cthulhu However Recasting shouldn't be that simple, right? Recast failed Insufficient required materials Sure enough Slowly grind dungeons to accumulate materials. Right This one is still After the big exam The intermediate skill book given to me by General Xu Mo Take advantage of the time now And studied it Learned skills Xuanjing Reduce enemy units after release Spam skill intrusion detected Automatically deified in front of you All skills are garbage God level has been completed Obtain the skill Mysterious Demonic Mirror After releasing, it can clear the magic value of enemy units. System Please restrain yourself. Direct cheating I'm afraid I'll be banned one day The time is just right It¡¯s time to go find Bai Bingbing for an appointment Lin Mo Keep you waiting for a long time I just arrived too Get up and go in Isn't that Lin Mo? Why is he so close to that girl? Right here Starved to death I want to eat a lot of delicious food Just click I'm treating you today Lin Mo What a coincidence Hello that man That's Lin Mo Walking through iron shoes and finding nowhere I didn't expect to meet you here Call Ning Shi quickly OK It's you, Meimei Just completed the admission task of Qianlong Academy Let¡¯s celebrate with friends today I haven¡¯t seen you for so many days There are all female companions with me. Lin Mo who is he I also want to ask who you are I am his senior sister It turned out to be an elderly woman. I'm Lin Mo's cousin Count it up Also childhood sweethearts childhood sweetheart hello Excuse me less nonsense Stop the vegetables Where is Lin Mo? Brother Ning It's him Your boy is really easy for me to find. You crippled my brother Ning Hu Today I will avenge him They are indeed brothers From the point of view that I like to find trouble for no reason You are really similar How dare you laugh at me Don't fight here Be careful to damage other people's shops Oops Today is to celebrate joining Qianlong Academy If you want to fight, hurry up. Don't spoil my fun It turns out you also joined Qianlong Academy That's just right We are absolutely Brother Ning But the boss ranked 100th on the Heavenly Ranking Level 19 legendary profession Bloodthirsty Shadow Knife first song Isn't that the bottom? Similar to Meng Junchen Instant noodles, who is scolding me? If you want to fight, hurry up I still want to continue eating Let¡¯s see how long you can remain arrogant Shadow Blade Wave Breaking Blade A bit slow Just in time to try out new skills Mysterious Demonic Mirror What's going on Where is my energy? Don't be distracted during the battle The brat is just playing dirty, right? Shadow Blade Useless Your mana has been wiped out Now you can¡¯t release any skills that require mana consumption. Come on Lin Mo teach him a lesson Brother Ning, don¡¯t lose your place. kill him I'm one of the top 100 players on the Qianlong Tianlist How could you not beat a new student? Even if you can't use skills I can defeat you even with sword skills It's really silly and a little cute God level summons Skeleton King A mere summoned beast So what? Shadow Knife Continuous Cut Impossible How could he be unscathed? I leave the Skeleton King to you. Don't hurt his life Brother Ning Lin Mo, you are great As expected of my cousin Take him away Don't bother me eating anymore freshmen Is it so scary? Yesterday, I stayed with Bingbing and Meimei until midnight Lin Mo Missing at night I heard you made another big news what do you mean Why are you pretending to be stupid? Look at their reaction Why are you all looking at me? You just joined Qianlong Academy The news about defeating Ning Shi has already spread Less than one day after admission Just knock down the one hundredth person on the Heavenly List. You kid is really restless. The other party just takes the initiative to look for it. Aren¡¯t you going to take me to see the dean today? Right, right, right Without further ado Let's go quickly we arrive This is the purple bamboo forest where the dean¡¯s residence is located. His old man Not everyone can see it Wait a minute It's better not to talk nonsense over here The door opened by itself Inviting us in Junchen and Lin Mo are here It's the dean's voice Come and take a seat Are you Lin Mo? Yes Students met the dean first day of admission You can beat the Tianban ranking The 100th Ningshi However The competition will be held on the socket Private fight outside school But you will be punished It was Ning Shi and the others who caused the problem first. I didn't hurt him intentionally what happened last night I don¡¯t have to pursue it However You have to promise me a condition what conditions two days later Our college How many talents need to be selected? Participate in Kyoto University Competition I will reserve a place for you you have to get it Compare the top three Dean Lin Mo just arrived He didn't even make it to the top of the list Compare the top three schools No need to rush You can consider it Give me another answer OK That¡¯s all for today Yes The student said goodbye What the dean said What did you think about it? I am willing to accept the challenge are you sure What's wrong Is it difficult? Kyoto University is full of talented people Although you are strong But when I first entered school, I was ranked among the top three No one has ever done it Dabi Is there any reward? This is a flyer See for yourself The reward actually includes five-color gems This is not General Slime Are the materials needed for recasting? I will participate in the competition are you sure Fists and feet without eyes Injury is very dangerous Senior Don¡¯t you believe in my strength? Why don't you guys listen? You lost Junchen What does two digits mean? Don't be nervous We just want to test your courage I made a bet with the dean Bet on whether you will participate in the competition I bet you won't Who knew you were such a jerk? I've heard Meng Junchen talk about it a long time ago Your summons are very strong So I'd love to see your potential It turns out I am part of the play between you two. as compensation I'll take you to get familiar with it Qianlong Academy Dean You Lao Qianlong Academy There is no copy of the tower If you want to exercise High-level dungeons on the outskirts of Kyoto are more suitable for you Excuse me The monster¡¯s eyeballs are also those of a mud monster wreckage Where should I go to brush it? These two materials I remember it was only available in the Suburban Swamp of Doom instance. It'll be easier if you know the place The academy also has a fighting arena and archives. One can keep fit Another can learn knowledge You can go shopping when you have time Archives maybe There will be information about my parents from ten years ago. Thank you, Dean OK This is probably what the academy is like I have a meeting to attend Let Junchen take you around the dormitory You live in a single room As for the cost? Requires 5,000 points per month and one hundred merit points Is it so expensive? When I checked in last night No one told me about the charges. Because I have booked it for you for four years You don¡¯t feel bad spending other people¡¯s money, right? Remember to pay ok At least the single room won't be disturbed You can now cultivate summons with peace of mind Go to the dean first Take a look at the archives mentioned Found it It should be this book My father saved mankind ten years ago To change everything in the future Is it the last page? My current permissions Only information on this level can be viewed Want to see more confidential content It's not possible yet That being the case Let¡¯s go get materials for General Slime first. This is the Swamp of Doom copy It seems The people who study here are all students from surrounding universities. Look Isn't that Lin Mo? heard The two brothers of the Jiang family, Jiang Feng and Jiang Ye They were all defeated in his hands Lin Mo Do you still have the guts to come here? who are you You bumped up my quota for the competition Don¡¯t know who I am yet good guy Ni Zhenqiang The Platinum Set of Doom has been refreshed Hurry up and get a copy Wait for me I'll settle the score with you later within twelve hours Be the first to defeat three thousand Nightmare difficulty swamp monster team available Platinum doom suit 100% chance of getting the platinum suit Three thousand nightmare monsters to fight How many lives do you have? Do you want to level up the nightmare level? Daqiang Otherwise, forget it. I suggest you still brush the abyss level copy. Although the probability of dropping a platinum suit is small But no danger Lin Mo Enter the nightmare level copy what This guy entered the nightmare instance alone It seems i have heard of him Previously in the Demonic City It¡¯s also a single brush all the way Damn it We also need to choose the nightmare copy Is it too risky? We haven't played such a difficult game before. Lin Mocai You dare to choose nightmare The explanation is nothing more than this I'm a top player That's right There is a strong one Not afraid Ni Zhenqiang Team of six Enter the nightmare level copy This swamp actually moves good guy It turns out to be a collection of monsters God level summons general slime Let you see What is swallowing? Activate skills Big stomach bag hold on This is all to get you recasting materials Who doesn¡¯t know how to grow bigger? dilatation Swallow them The probability of items falling is so low. Fortunately, there are enough monsters general slime Let me go and eat Daqiang, help me I'm sinking hold on Get out of my way Fast grab my hand Almost died You go save other people I'll deal with these monsters Iron armor protects Bagua stick Where are the fourth and fifth children? No more They have been completely swallowed by the swamp Damn it My blue bars are almost bottoming out too Daqiang Let's withdraw Yes Keeping the green hills, you don¡¯t have to worry about running out of firewood Abominable Nightmare difficulty It's so much more powerful than expected The level has been raised to level 27 All three thousand monsters have been wiped out Only half of the recasting materials were used Do we have to come again? what's over there good guy The little thing looks so unique. Elite monster General Slime cannot eat it directly You have to inflict damage and hit hard Jumping critical hit Defeat the Bloody Mud Demon Obtain thirty monster eyeballs It turns out that I brushed my eyeballs Want to fight this monster? What's going on There was an earthquake general slime protect me general slime are you okay There is movement be ready for battle Very pungent smell Return to the summoning space General Slime is under constant attack Unable to take back cannot be recycled God level summons Red gold blood demon Use the red gold blood sea to heal us The monster was made like this before it even appeared. what on earth is this Guixiu: erosion, poisonous collision, tentacle attack, absolute defense) Shoggoth General Slime's Ancient Bloodline Resist 99% of physical and magical attacks But as long as it's not 100% There is a possibility of winning, hit the rainbow God level summons Powerful Goblin Summoner Although Goblin's attack is not as good as other summoned beasts But there is something that can cause Special ability with 100 points of guaranteed damage Fuck me My army is endless And your life is decreasing all the time Don't let him get away general slime Defeated the abandoned remains of the Shoggoth Complete the single-player nightmare-level Swamp of Doom dungeon mission It's finally over Still not enough material Nightmare copy You are still so stingy thank you If it weren't for you We probably won't be able to get out. A Qiang Come here you usually Isn't it very stable? Why are you taking the next level challenge today? Nightmare Swamp of Doom Almost got everyone involved Ni Zhenqiang's team was beaten like this The nightmare difficulty is too scary Hasn¡¯t the guy named Lin Mo come out yet? Lin Mo Could it be There are still people in the nightmare level copy That's right It was that boy who took me into the ditch. How long has he been in there? About the same time as us Almost It's been seven hours He probably died inside a long time ago I don¡¯t know what the fate of heaven and earth will be. Professional Lin Mo Complete random challenge tasks Attack*Nightmare Lord Get the Platinum Level Doom Set Complete the task Kill the lord Really fake Why are there so many people? This classmate Which university are you from? Kyoto Gakushu Kyoryu Gakuin Freshman Lin Mo I remembered He is this year's No. 1 pick in the country No wonder he is so strong Damn it The clown turned out to be myself I picked him like that before He will definitely come back and cause trouble for me Boss, are you collecting things here? Brother, what do you want to buy? Do you accept this? Platinum Level Doom Set I can't bear it No way Is this equipment going to be thrown into my hands? Wrong career requirements I can't wear it either Wait a minute this set of equipment I want it you are Young Master Lan Feng of the Lan Family hello Captain Liu I heard earlier that the young master of the Lan family went abroad to study I didn't expect to come back I don¡¯t know what level it is now. brother Let¡¯s set a price for the equipment. Lan family It seems that he is a relative of Lan Ying. Full set of five million Are you crazy about money? Although it is platinum But it will only cost more than two million if it is exhausted. Don't be vain Quote a real price This is the real price Brat Want to trick our young master I think you are tired of living Mr. Lan You study abroad Why did you come back suddenly? Just coming back to visit relatives By the way, I want to buy some gifts for my sister. you now The strength will be greatly increased Needless to say Now it¡¯s level 32 Mr. Lan seems to be only eighteen years old. He's already thirty-two at such a young age. The genius among geniuses heard you are abroad Changed a new career That's right Second level sacred level Demonic Dream Maker Never heard of it before ? Don¡¯t you know? This is a profession exclusive to Eagle Country Since you don¡¯t buy it I'll take my leave It's just a platinum set You'll never be able to sell it at this price young master I heard about the nightmare swamp of doom You can also drop a diamond-level suit Why don't we go brush that one? That's right Little Platinum Level Not worthy of the status of young master at all Is this it? what You can buy this if you want. Ten million What a joke Keep it to yourself Goodbye then There are so many people here Know how to use special props invade his copy space Let's take care of him again It's the young master little brother I advise you Or sell the equipment to Master Lan at a low price? Otherwise May cause fire It's okay I am measured Daiju Monitoring Feedback The Hidden Lord of the Swamp of Doom was killed what Didn't I ask you to take away the remains of Hugos? Hiding in a hiding place? Yes, leader But someone penetrated the mountain Entered the cave Isn't three thousand mud monsters enough to kill him? Even the lord was killed What kind of devil is this? That's not right Shoggoths are not resistance Ninety-nine percent damage? How could he be killed? Don't know But that¡¯s exactly what the test results say Keep an eye on the Swamp of Doom during this time We must investigate the reason clearly Understand young master It's almost time go Let's go and give that boy some color. Lin Mo, Lin Mo Provoked the Lan family Just wish yourself good luck All the materials for this copy have been brushed. Only the competition prizes remain Five colored gems Do you really dare to come? Then you can't blame me strange Why is it so quiet in this copy? Not a single monster Hello Invade someone else's copy A little rude, right? So what Don't talk about invading copies Even when I enter your bedroom, I don¡¯t even need to say hello. take him down Just keep your breath It's the young master this how is this possible Young master of the Lan family I have no enmity or enmity with you Why bother less nonsense you pissed me off It's destined to have a bad end Weird dream eclipse hand Your equipment belongs to me stupid No way This is the trick I learned in Yingguo. How could it be useless to a stupid cow? Come on, handsome dealer Keep dealing cards Abominable Isn't it just an ordinary summoned beast? How could this young master not be able to defeat him? The hand of the eclipse moon in all directions without blind spots Not good what is this + I have bad ambitions young master This is the difference in strength Damn it Can't pull it out at all Why are you still sinking deeper and deeper? Wish yourself luck little brother See you are safe and sound I feel relieved You'd better go rescue Mr. Lan first. I should be able to catch up now what Lan Feng and the others are still inside The convoy gathers Follow me into the dungeon to save people Lan Feng goes to attack Lin Mo Instead, Lan Feng was trapped inside. So tired Some attributes have been improved today Have you heard? Lan Feng was beaten unconscious in the dungeon It seems that someone named Lin Mo has cleared the dungeon. Lan Feng imitated him and failed. No Ni Zhenqiang, who is ranked 82 on the Tianlist They were all scared by Lin Mo So did Ning Shi before. Lin Mo killed two top players Not simple No way It only took one day Lin Mo has made such a big fuss. It's Lin Mo Hello Lin is busy What's the matter? Bingbing You are familiar with me in Kyoto Do you know where I can forge handmade equipment? You finally thought of getting yourself an outfit However Manual equipment materials are difficult to collect You want to build one Still half a set full set As far as I know One handmade component also requires seven or eight kinds of handmade materials. A set of words Just more Is there enough material for half of the storage space? you have so many Then prepare gold coins and materials I'll take you to the best equipment forging shop in Jin Kyoto Thanks Bingbing Why are you so polite to me? Senior, why are you here? Because we are neighbors You live across from me It turns out you helped me arrange a place to live. Just for this matter I heard you took most of the Qianlong Academy was alarmed Mr. Yin is very happy However He asked me to remind you Don't be too proud Since he told you not to be too proud You can just rush No one can stop you Are you betting on me again? I'm your good senior How could it harm you? It's so late, it's time to take a shower and go to bed Goodbye, junior What are these two people planning? Who is knocking on the door so early? Surprise or not I didn't expect you to come so early Isn't that because I want to see you sooner? I'm going to wash up and then set off. Please wait a moment OK at your request You will definitely look down on ordinary forging shops. I thought about it This old store is definitely suitable for you No matter how you look at it, it looks like it's about to go bankrupt. Are you sure it's the best in Kyoto? Brother of Bao Centuries of inherited forging craftsmanship Reliable quality Let's go in and have a look Oops The little girl is here What do you want me to build? My friend wants to build a top-notch handmade suit What level? Gold or platinum? diamond I want diamonds at a young age Diamond grade handmade suit It¡¯s already catching up with obsidian-level finished products. Equipment of this value Basically there are only third-level and rich people Only then can we have the financial and material resources to build Lao Li Don't look down on people Lin Mo has plenty of materials Lao Li You have guests Then we'll wait this place Why does it smell so bad? It's okay You guys buy it first Our situation is more complicated What do you two need? Is there any finished platinum level equipment? No finished product yet But it can be built If you have the materials, you can make it quickly. Kyoto Auction House does not have Neither do you It seems that it is no longer available in Kyoto. Wait Do you want finished platinum level equipment? Yes Do you know where to buy it? I have it in my hand This is impossible little brother Finished platinum equipment is so scarce You're dressed like this No matter how you look at it, it's all a joke. Take a look There really is Platinum Level Doom Dungeon Set So dazzling This quality too good Excellent Make an offer five million Dude This price is too high Listen to me, Lao Li This equipment is not expensive at all Put on my glasses and see You can see its properties This is Damage reduction effect So outrageous Unbelievable Even if it¡¯s platinum level equipment I haven't seen anything like this either Thank you for your timely rescue Otherwise, Lan Feng's life may not be saved. Where is the word? What our escort team should do Dai Ju, you are too polite. They all blame me Something went wrong in the Doom dungeon on Nightmare difficulty The temporary worker got the values wrong. Monster resistance has been increased by 30% If you want to say that Daiju I want to tell you something You must hold still please speak There is one A little brother named Lin Mo Not only did he clear the nightmare level copy of doom, Also rewarded with equipment Took it too Lin Mo It turned out to be him No wonder Daiju you know him There is some connection Right Lin Mo, he is just like you All have the rank of lieutenant How is it possible He is just a new student, right? I was shocked before But this guy is really capable Today you said it was him who did it I'm not surprised at all Already arrived five million gold coins What a bargain What a once-in-a-lifetime piece of equipment. Great honey thank you brother Just a fair deal Bye, let's go This little brother Didn¡¯t you say before that you wanted to build equipment? Not talking big words We are the best blacksmith in the city three No rush I have another condition What are the conditions? All attribute terms I want to pile it to the highest what young man I don¡¯t really think I have that kind of money Just do whatever you want Lin Mo Come on, come on, please take a seat Equipment matters Let me explain it to you carefully Handmade equipment divided into three levels first level Entries are random Set completion is random Overall effect of wearing Also random Purely random Like opening a blind box second level Entries are optional But the completeness of the suit and the overall effect of wearing it Still random third level Entries are optional Completeness of the set Can be piled up Overall effect of wearing It¡¯s also close to the effect you need These three levels of equipment are also great. This is called a handmade set. But the third level Required manpower and material resources Also the most I'm not very satisfied with the third level The handmade outfit I want to create It must be the most perfect entry Completeness must be one hundred percent The wearing effect must also be controllable This guy Been in business for so many years I've never seen anyone so crazy Is my five million enough? Oops It's not a matter of cost This effect is like what you said Materials needed Even more than double the third level these Is it enough? this Enough is enough Stop falling My little shop is just that big There are too many materials There's no place to stay good stuff These are all good things This old tortoise shell is so white The texture is so special Could it be The body of a deep sea beast That's right The deep sea monster in the second mission You actually killed it That's right The material is really enough It's just the cost aspect, right? Not even interesting Tell me the number Probably Three more million to go eight million Not counting material costs Lao Li It's too expensive for you girl The equipment this little brother wants is too difficult to forge. I really didn¡¯t cheat you. I want every part to be perfect Requires energy and time All extraordinary this time tomorrow I need to see the finished set Are you so anxious? It's too late this time Are there any difficulties? Difficulties can be overcome But you have to pay more How much more should I add? two million It¡¯s considered an expedited fee. this job Have to work all night This is five million the rest I use equipment to make up for it The price of this set It should be over five million Diamond No problem I agree little brother Let me get you a membership card buy something from me and build equipment 20% off No handling fee for selling things very cost effective Take it The whole of Kyoto There are members of the Lao Li family more than two digits rare opportunity Two of us came Naturally, I have to do two Of course no problem I still have a share Thank you Lin Mo It's great to be young this time tomorrow I'll pick up the equipment on time ok ok I didn¡¯t expect this store to be so unprepossessing It will have such a big effect I didn't lie to you, did I? My dad is leaving Kyoto today I want to send him off By the way Show off this membership card to him He likes this store very much I still have to prepare for the game your father's side I'm afraid I can't send it away However Could you please give me a message? What words to bring? Thank him for me before Thanks to him for taking care of me a lot I will definitely bring it Senior should be awake by now, right? Not in the dormitory He behaves like this I won¡¯t go to fight a copy during a severe drought. Meimei Hello Meimei What's the matter? Brother I want to ask you a favor What are you busy with? Tell me and listen i have a friend Also a summoner he wants to go to the wild Capture a lord-level summon can you Can't Your brother, I am not a bad person. In this world where everyone is in danger time is precious Brother he said If the capture is successful I can give you five hundred thousand as a reward It is our duty to support the younger generations Next time, tell me the key information in advance. that Time and place around five p.m. Meet at Ishipo Town on the outskirts of Kyoto Let's go over there and buy some first Materials and Potions and then set off again 14:00 good Although half a million is not much But now the feeding materials are getting more and more difficult to come by. Want to upgrade summoned beast Need financial support? It seems My plan to create an adventure group It's time to put it on the agenda I never thought there was such a place in the suburbs How lamentable Lin Mo why are you here it's you I'm here to do something The previous loan sharking incident I haven't had time to thank you yet If it is convenient Come and sit at my house brother What are we eating today? Be good Today we eat braised noodles Lin Mo Come with us if you'd like good He is also a miserable man Sit down for a moment I'm going to cook Let you try my craft today Go and get busy Big brother We'll give you water It turns out you are the good person my brother said Thank you Lu Shuang You're welcome Where is Lu Fei? Where have people gone? Come out quickly king why are you here It doesn't matter What's wrong with having guests? Your life events are the most important You boy are so lucky Will you thank me later? This place is too run-down. elegant Don't look at Xiaofei living here now He is a combat type job changer The future is bright I heard that he was only level 12 when he was thirty years old Even if you are a combat type job changer So old Life has also been finalized I'm afraid there is no future king I look so good-looking People chasing me can line up a street He has no house, no car, no savings A complete three-no person Also bring two oil bottles I don't want to go on a blind date with him elegant I have to say a few words about you now. You have been married three times and raised two children. He is also a job-changing tinker in the field of daily life. What kind of bike do you want? But I'm a girl Although I have been married for the third time But she is still a little baby You're laughing your ass off What's so funny Sorry, stupid I just suddenly thought of something funny Forget it If she doesn't want to Don't force it What you said is quite personal. Look at this shitty place I don¡¯t want to live a miserable life with you. elegant You wait Sorry Lin Mo I'm telling you a joke Lu Fei you are older than me It stands to reason I should call you brother I'm going to form an adventure group Are you interested in joining monthly salary Tentatively decide on 100,000 One hundred thousand what But I'm only at level 12 now Out of the way I will look for other high-level career changers to join Oops Look at Wenya¡¯s temperament Too impatient I think you two are a good match It's better to sit down and have a good chat. Aunt Wang This little kid looks like a student at first glance Just listen to his nonsense Give me 100,000 a month Just kidding You must be the actor hired by Lu Fei I see You can't even come up with ten thousand Lu Fei I thought you were an honest person I didn't expect that I was being playful. You do this I can't help you anymore Lin Mo thank you Find a place for me But this woman and I are not suitable Have a good trip, you two Not sending I'm not kidding you I don't like grinding Just Let me pay you three years' salary first. A total of 3.6 million Year-end bonus calculated separately Payment received 3.6 million It's true Lin Mo enter There are also start-up funds for the adventure group I'll call you too If it's not enough, tell me again A whole ten million Oops I knew my brother was very talented I just like an honest man like you I really want to spend a lifetime with you His face changes so quickly What to do next You decide for yourself I have something else to do Let's go first brother Everything was just a misunderstanding I'm wrong Why don't you give people a chance? I still say the same thing we are not suitable Please respect yourself cut Isn't it just a few bad guys? What are you pretending to be? There are so many people chasing my mother. Let's see What a sin Let you choose Is it okay now? Leave yourself to choose the rest This time Xiaofei is on a meteoric rise You must have had a good life Fortunately, time and space displacement Brother You are here This is my godbrother Zhou Xiaochao This is my brother Lin Mo i know National champion Also entered Qianlong College Known as the No. 1 Summoner of Kyoto Academy Is there such a title? How come I don't know OK Don't worry about these details The lord you want to capture What type of summon is it? It's a stone monster I heard that in the boulder pit Very powerful if i could catch it Make another set for it Handmade suit comparable to diamond level Definitely not inferior to Ning Hu The summoned beast is down here What happens next is up to you. Brother, be careful that's it This property is so awesome with it I'll be able to walk sideways after I make a dungeon. Are you so excited? The monsters in my nightmare book It's much more perverted than this one He is this year's Qianlong Academy Job changers who signed up for the challenge It looks ordinary. I don¡¯t know why my father wants me to pay more attention to him. Yes Waste your time on this guy This guy Lan Feng It¡¯s really delicious too Brother Lin Later, you can help lure the monsters away. Sister Meimei and I attack the magic stone monster No need deal with this guy I'm more than enough on my own you Can you do it yourself? Oops Silly boy What is your strength against Lin Mo? I really don¡¯t know anything Wait Lin Mo what are you doing Don't you be frightened by the Demon Stone Lord? I'm looking for a summon with lower attributes Otherwise If you are not careful, you will kill this lord. Is this human language? God level summons Tauren Lord Armor of Thorns I go This is the strength of the champion Stronger than this cow There are a lot more Boss Before, I couldn¡¯t see Mount Tai with my dog¡¯s eyes. You will be my brother from now on His physical fitness has doubled. A bit interesting but you thought Are you the only one who can superimpose constitution? Divine Bull Shield come here capture Successfully captured the magic stone Show off Brother Lin Mo you are this Pay Five hundred thousand agreed I'll transfer it now Cheng Hui Call me next time something good like this happens Brother Lin Can I touch your summon? OK Is this a boss-level summon? Can it be fed to this intensity? No wonder Brother Lin, you can handle Ning Hu This summon of his There's something But the fatal weakness of the summoner It has long been a consensus Don't let me touch you on the day of the game Xiang Ze will be eliminated in the first round Let's go Know his strength There's no point in staying here any longer. The entire Xia Kingdom Never heard of it What kind of waves can a summoner make? Tomorrow is game day Have a good rest tonight Lin Mo You are not at school today Something big happened what is Can't explain clearly by typing Zhang Tianyi Hand over that boy Lin Mo Offend our Lan family you know the consequences I don't care what your family is If you want to touch Lin Mo Get through me first good You have the guts Tomorrow is the Academy Challenge I heard that Lin Mo is also going to participate. See you on the field Also Our Lan family is your largest sponsor of Kyoto University. You won¡¯t get a penny from now on. This guy You'll really cause trouble for me Unexpectedly The principal usually seems very kind for me He also has such a tough side tomorrow's game You will definitely become the target of public criticism Those big families all have interests involved They don't allow anyone to slap them in the face Thanks for the reminder I will pay attention I'd like to see it What tricks will they play? Lao Li Is my equipment ready? Sorry Still a little more work to do It will take about an hour Academy Challenge starts at six o'clock This doesn't leave me any extra time. ok Then try to hurry up Lao Li, are you okay yet? sorry for you I'm afraid it will take half an hour I promise If you can't finish it in half an hour I give you this store ten minutes later Job changers who do not enter the venue will be considered late. Twenty challenge points deducted It¡¯s hard for a clever woman to make a meal without rice That's it All we can do is wait. Welcome all leadership students Come to participate in this session Academy Challenge below Let me introduce it to you Competition rules Where's Lin Mo? That kid won't run away, right? I also bet on him Meimei you can do it Be sure to stand out in the challenge Let others see how awesome you are Do you know where Lin Mo went? Don't know Didn't he come? Yes I'm so anxious If you don¡¯t come again He will be deducted twenty points. now The draw for the first round begins Not bad Very auspicious number Bad I forgot to charge my phone last night Does Lao Li have a charger? My phone is turned off Yes in the room Take it yourself Did you actually make so many phone calls? Hello You finally answered me Where are you? I'll get the equipment What's going on at the scene? The stage number has been assigned Have you seen the rules of the competition? It's an arena melee The last person left advances See if you can help me delay the time I'll be there soon good I'll try my best I was assigned to Arena No. 5 Went up first My brother will leave it to you. Moderator Excuse me Can the game be postponed for a while? Lin Mo from Qianlong Academy hasn¡¯t arrived yet Do you think this place is owned by your family? If you say postpone it, postpone it Who is Lin Mo? So much face Postponing the game because he was late alone Just ask the contestants at the scene and audience Answer or not What are you doing? Why wait? It's reasonable for this person to be late himself. beauty I want to break the rules of the game for your boyfriend Too naive Did you see Go away quickly Don¡¯t delay the normal operation of the game This guy can't be because of pressure from the Lan family Dare to come Coward The equipment is ready Put it on and take a look This texture This property It¡¯s like a ceiling of handmade equipment. and With this equipment My magic resistance and physical resistance are almost at 50%. This is equivalent to Weaken the opponent's strength by half This equipment has not yet been named Not as good as Come and give it a name How about calling it Xuanjin? good It's called the Xuanjin suit Thank you for your hard work, Lao Li. I still have challenges to participate in I'll say goodbye now OK OK You go quickly This son The future is promising Finally caught up Just passed by That's the Bai Qiuye of the Bai family So handsome ¡¤I heard that he completed his second revolution when he was only eighteen years old Already level 30 What's this Mr. Bai also awakened a second career Legendary Swordsman Double sword bonus I also heard He once defeated a level 40 swordsman Young and promising That's Fang Le The eldest son of the Fang family He is also an 18-year-old level 30 second-level jihadist musician. Have dual professional characteristics been overseas Fighting a SEAL lieutenant These two young masters He is fighting for his family. Gods fight I watched some today It¡¯s really lively Lin Mo here Come here quickly The games have begun Who is this person? Are you also a participant? It seems late i know him He is the top scorer in the country in this year's college entrance examination Lin Mo He's so handsome too It gives people a completely different feeling from those young masters cut You can be late for the game It¡¯s still unclear what the final result will be. Lin Mo, right? You are twenty minutes late Join the game again It's no longer in compliance with the rules You left on your own Or the people I call City Guards I'll blow you away You did it on purpose? School challenge rules over the years That's every ten minutes you're late Twenty points deducted Even if Lin Mo is twenty minutes late Only forty points need to be deducted Why can't I participate in the competition? you are the host Or am I the host? Do you Do you know the rules of the conference better than me? It's the head of the Lan family and Young Master Lan Feng How many children He is targeting you So brave I want to see what you are capable of today Head of the Lan family what to do It seems like he is using level pressure Are you putting pressure on Lin Mo? Head of the Lan family Already entered the third level Level is sixty How to deal with a junior like this I'm afraid it will be disdainful. This kid can actually bear my pressure how to do it Yin Lao Daejeon Long time no see You still behave like this Bully juniors What kind of skill is that? How You have to have a hand too I don't care about such trivial matters I just can't stand your behavior Things between juniors let them figure it out themselves son Are you sure? Where did you lose the person from? I'll get it back from where it came from As expected of the blood of my Lan family Head of the Lan family Mr. Lan Please come in Lan Feng is also late Why not deduct points from him? because of blue phoenix Apply in advance for late arrival So No points will be deducted And Lin Mo late for no reason So 40 points will be deducted This is the rule you two Hurry up and return to your seat in the academy. There are forty minutes left in the game A chance for Lin Mo Not much left you Calm and calm I went to the game I go Is this Blue Phoenix so strong? Hundreds of people are fighting over each other Isn't it troublesome? Still comfortable watching a movie A motionless guy This is a challenge Mysterious Demonic Mirror start What's going on I'm out of blue What's going on with Lin Mo? Why do you keep getting beaten passively? Take the initiative I'm forcing you to kill half of them in the first round. Don't let me lose money your bet If you win, you won¡¯t share it with me. If you win, I'll give you 20% too little no more What are these two people doing? Why are you still bargaining? And there are only two minutes left in the game. Can Lin Mo win? 50/50 This is my bottom line deal God level summons What the hell boss level summons Go ahead Brave Niu Niu Not afraid of difficulties buffalo charge This is the Lin Mo I know Is this guy so good? How The students in my college are so outstanding you are not happy yet So happy I overpowered him and he lost. That brat Meng Junchen made all the money Abominable You, you Still like an old kid Love to bet with others first round time is up Count the remaining people The rest of Arena No. 6 They are all from Kyoto University Lin Mo must have done it on purpose great My brother and I both advanced The second round is the team competition All the players on the field now Free to form teams per team three to five people PK drops a three-person team You can get thirty points Team of five Earn fifty points Let¡¯s go find Mr. Lan Feng Go, go, go If you follow him, you will definitely win. Isn't anyone looking for Lin Mo to form a team? Isn't he pretty awesome? You don¡¯t understand this, right? Lin Mo is late Forty points were deducted That is to say At least one more team of four must be killed. Only then can we be on the same starting line as others The beginning of the collapse of heaven Lan Shao choose me choose me choose me Lin Mo Don't die in the process of forming a team I'm still waiting to beat you all over the floor. Brother Lin, here we come Those people won't team up with you it's their loss End of team formation below Start the game There are twenty-five teams in total Already randomly for you Numbered these obstructions Used to divide combat areas Brother later Can you let the two of us take the first shot? I want to test my true strength No problem Those little shrimps Just leave it to me and Sister Meimei. three persons Are you lost? I didn't expect someone to come to my door so soon. It seems You are trying to bully the many and bully the few. Lin Mo¡¯s summons are indeed very strong But the weaknesses are also obvious As long as Lin Mo¡¯s summons are restricted You two are no match for us at all. brothers Summon Demon Stone Lord let them fly Meimeijie It's your turn Ice Piercing break Get out of the way I go This girl is so strong and There is another summoner Don't be afraid That magic stone lord is just an elite wild monster The five of us will kill him recklessly. Listen to big brother Go ahead These two career changers Is he from your school too? Fairly good Can be considered a seedling Two people can fight against five people and still not fall behind. This can be called quite satisfactory. I see the strength of the two of them together. Can also compete with that classmate Lin Mo That's hard to say this old gentleman What do you mean? Those two little guys are really awesome But compared with Lin Mo I'm afraid What a world of difference I'm afraid this is a bit too much. Meimeijie I can't stand it anymore This mortal guy Not a straw bag You guys take a break Next Leave it to me Want to beat five Stop dreaming You control his bull lord I'll deal with Lin Mo Yes Don't try to protect your master Sure enough, he was still targeted. The summoner has no chance of winning if he fights alone. who said that I'll let you know how powerful Lin Mo is later. Awesome I'm afraid I won't be carried down. what did you say Don't be impulsive Pay attention to the image of our Kyoto University Go to hell summoner Just the four of you Still want to control the Tauren Lord? Thinking too much How could this happen? The action of that summoned object So fast that I can¡¯t even see clearly Squadron Earn fifty points Because captain Lin Mo was late Forty points deducted Current points It turned out that I was happy early It turns out that the opening comes with a debuff. Just temporarily at the bottom we still have time Brother, be careful Lin Mo, right? Your summons are very interesting I want to have a fight with you Such a lively scene How can I miss this young master? Don't wait, I won't be able to beat you later It makes people laugh out loud We are not like the young master of a certain family Being thrown into a mud puddle in the swamp you Meimeijie We are besieged small scene Calm I am worried about having few points. These guys came together to kill each other. Fang Le Don't underestimate his bull-headed lord That guy can instantly improve physical attributes It also has a counter-injury effect Rest assured I have a way come on It's best to fight with me without leaving any room behind. Otherwise you will die miserably are you sure God level summons Skeleton King this You actually have a summoning object I wanted to use the magic jade flute to control his bull-headed lord But this guy Why is there a second one? I didn¡¯t expect Lin Mo to hide it so deeply. I have already investigated clearly Lin Mo has two summoned beasts How dare you laugh at me? Do you really think he is easy to deal with? No I absolutely cannot embarrass the Fang family Magic jade flute Ban me Divine Bull Shield How could this happen? Control ability is ineffective Rakshasa Sound Wave What a strong wind Could this be Fang Le¡¯s strongest move, right? I don¡¯t know if Lin Mo can hold on. Come on great Lin Mo You bully the few with more Don't talk about martial arts It wasn't you who asked me to do my best Don't you have any backup plans? Where is this? you Bai It's time Aren't you going to take action yet? Lin Mo, don¡¯t blame me It's all about winning Is there any mistake? This is a team game It¡¯s not a competition to defeat Lin Mo Bullying in partnership How shameless? Don't worry Even if the weak join forces Still weak I'm in a hurry Come on together Arrogant So fast He has to be a swordsman. Lin Mo you Can't escape Soul Breaking Technique Bai Qiuye, what are you doing? Kill him quickly I heard about you before Humiliated Meng Junchen Yes It's my brother It has nothing to do with me Since we are all members of the same family Then you should repay it for him. this how is this possible Summoner He can actually fight the sword fairy in close combat I almost forgot about you Skeleton King Initiate the Divine Realm Retreat what happened This sword This is a lesson for you to be arrogant Skeleton King Get them out of the slot Lin Mo I'm with you Endless Brother, this is the face of these famous families Rub it on the ground The captain lost Run away quickly Team No. 6 gets 100 points Current points one hundred and ten waste It's all waste The face of all the aristocratic families has been completely disgraced by you. father It's up to me Lin Mo Today I want revenge Take the move sorry No beating Our little Momo has enough points. Are you dumbfounded? Bastard leave me Don't seek death why Lin Mo's look makes me a little scared blue phoenix There will be individual competitions later. You want to be beaten Better to wait a little longer Then I'll let you be arrogant for a while longer Second round of team competition end now please everyone take a break It¡¯s so comfortable to lie down There is no need for us to take action at all My Brother Lin is mighty Lin Mo I didn¡¯t expect that my position in your heart is so important. You moved me so much Brother, don't do it I'm just helping you vent your anger Lin Mo You defeated Bai Qiuye and Fang Le today The family behind them I won't let you go easily be more careful What are you afraid of? The sky is falling Mr. Yin is here to support our family, Mo Mo. Right, Mr. Yin? You stinky boy Not only win my money You also asked me to help you stand up I don't care about this Don't listen to his nonsense The old man is a sharp-tongued man with a soft heart. If those aristocratic families really want to attack you Mr. Yin will definitely not remain indifferent. third round It¡¯s 1 V1 PK match Players please be prepared Teams that successfully advance will be disrupted Reassign opponents now Please advance to the next level It seems I will inevitably have to fight with that guy Lan Feng again. Really impatient first game Lin Mo Battle blue phoenix Lin Mo I was careless last time and didn't show up. this time I will never hold back on you Let's get started Arrogant Dream falls his strength Become stronger I've already guessed that you will use dodge skills disillusionment Curse of Thunder fall This is Keep this up I'm afraid it'll be blown up to pieces. what You're okay No pain or itching now Give it back to you Anti-Scale Talisman I go He was actually blocked by Lan Feng's grandson what is that It's a skill spell Can store all skills from level 30 to level 50 The power just now The Lan family is really generous. Shi Gong Wouldn't that mean Lan Feng's grandson It¡¯s equivalent to bringing a level 50 master with you Fighting with Lin Mo What is the difference between this and cheating? Lin Mo You didn't expect it? I've investigated all your trump cards clearly. today It's your death anniversary I'd like to see it There are no more two summons What else can you do that is Can cut off the connection between the summoned object and its owner Breaking Curse That old guy from Lantian doesn't talk about martial ethics. I see your little kid from Kyoto University I'm going to suffer a lot. Moderator he fouled This is done The rules don't say that skill spells are not allowed. you Xuansha wood world Ten Thousand Binding Devourers It can actually break the connection between the summoned beast and me. Fight with the Lan family Simply looking for death Lin Mo You have no chance to make a comeback Really? Your skill spell is indeed a bit novel But Your layout is still small God level summons Powerful Goblin Summoner He actually has a third summoned object Isn't it just another one? Just control him You are so helpless Then give it a try There are so many Come Your Lan family has a great cause Keep using skill talismans happy Well done Lin Mo It should be given to those arrogant people People who don¡¯t know the heights of heaven and earth can take a look at some color I didn¡¯t expect that I would make mistakes sometimes. This guy hides his secrets The future is promising How could this happen? I am Blue Phoenix The proud son of heaven He actually lost to Lin Mo twice I don't bother to argue with you But you come to pick me up again and again Then you can't blame me Dare to touch my son Looking for death lantian You are a third-level career changer He actually attacked a student this That palm just now I have the intention to kill He actually endured it this what is going on Lin Mo How is it Are you injured? I'm fine, principal Just some people I'm afraid it won't feel very good. this is impossible How could this happen? Don't be afraid, son Father is here father this is impossible How could this happen? Lan Feng¡¯s heart is broken Stupid No, so fragile Too glassy, right? Lin Mo i want you to die you dare Zhang Tian Since you have repeatedly blocked me Then I'll take you too Stop Director Dai Yin Lao I knew you wouldn't leave Lin Mo alone He even called Director Dai over. Director Dai why are you here Head of the Lan family You said before that your son Lan Feng Being bullied by Lin Mo in the dungeon I must investigate clearly Give your Lan family justice Find it now But not in Lanfeng But Lin Mo Lan Feng uses illegal props Forcefully enter Lin Mo's copy space Trying to kill someone and seize the treasure However, I am not strong enough Being mercilessly crushed Now the truth has come out I hope Master Lan doesn¡¯t want it. Lost the sense of propriety as the head of the family In addition Your son Lan Feng was during the academy challenge Illegal use of alchemical potions As the head of the Lan family, you Have an unshirkable responsibility I have asked Director Dai to inform the highest level of Xia State Immediately to the Lan family conduct investigation Don't taint my innocence out of thin air If there is evidence Just take it out Do you think I have no evidence? That high-level alchemist in your family Missing? Guess where are others what The three people in front of me join forces If I fall out in public It will be difficult for the Lan family to gain a foothold in the capital. Today I, the Lan family, will admit defeat. But this hatred I will report sooner or later You boy Being young and energetic is a good thing But you also have to learn to be restrained. today If it weren't for the three of me to protect you You won't be so lucky Yes Thank you principal Everyone Sorry for wasting everyone's time to apologize The Copy Monitoring Bureau will add color to this competition The nine-headed python hidden in the second-level copy Consider it the reward for first place Is there a giant python hidden in the second-level copy? Why have I never seen this before? It must have been raised privately by Director Dai. So ordinary people can¡¯t see it That's the skin It can also forge equipment above diamond level. I don¡¯t know who the lucky one will be this time. Lin Mo you are the summoner This nine-headed python has very high growth attributes I'm optimistic about you Sorry The nine-headed python in the second-level copy Already tamed by me what did you say You tamed that nine-headed python After completing the deep sea sand filling task Conquered easily Handy Wait Wouldn't that mean Except for the Tauren Lord Skeleton King Goblin Summoner You still There is a fourth summoner In other words, Lin Mo just fought against Lan Feng Not using all my strength yet Such terrifying strength Is this really something a human can do? This guy No wonder you dare to be so arrogant It turns out I still have some trump cards left. That being the case Then I will change the reward I pay for it out of my own pocket The first place will be rewarded with an ultimate skill book Thank you, Director Dai Please take a break in the VIP area The game continues Zhou Xiaochao defeat Abominable Almost won The top three in this round of individual competition has been born Next It's intense Champion, second and third place battle for battle that Could you please surrender? Master Lin Mo can't beat him at all I want to live a few more years In principle, yes great can surrender Am I so terrible? Moderator I surrender too No Seeing the top three for the first time Two people surrendered Sitting on four god-level bosses Who dares to compete with Lin Mo for first place? i declare The winner of this challenge is Lin Mo awesome Lin Mo is the best I got rich Lin Mo will be personally selected by Director Dai Ultimate skill book There's one more Can gain 20 million experience points Experience Dan Wait, what about the five-color gems? that It¡¯s the runner-up¡¯s reward Then I don¡¯t want the championship reward Give me runner-up what Did I hear it right? What kind of cool operation is this? It¡¯s so outrageous This Lin Mo So interesting I wanted to give that boy a favor In the end, he didn't care at all Does he want to give the reward to Zhen Meimei? Could it be that he has feelings for Zhen Meimei? Xiao Mo Mo Is your mind like a donkey kicking? First place reward It's much better than the second place one. You really want to give me these good things Keep it quickly Before I regret it The top three career changers have a chance by dragon pillar Improve military rank Of course If you have extra merit points It can also be injected into further improve I never thought there was such a benefit rare opportunity I happen to be on the front line Got some merit points Championship rewards are being settled please wait Military rank updated successfully Lin Mo Three-star second lieutenant Eighteen-year-old three-star second lieutenant Lin Mo is so awesome Inject merit points Promote military rank Shuoshan Has been promoted to four-star second lieutenant I go His military rank actually surpassed that of Lin Mo How many monsters from hell has this guy killed? Well done He is worthy of being the top student of our Fuzhou University. Hello everyone I am the principal of Fuzhou University Our purpose is Destroy the enemy in hell Promote the prestige of our Xia Kingdom It actually requires 4,000 merit points to be promoted to a four-star second lieutenant. But the merit value If you don¡¯t have it, you can still brush it. Promote military rank Obtaining a higher permission level is the right thing to do Lin Mo Consumes 256,000 merit points Rank promoted to ten-star second lieutenant There are only more than 10,000 left Not enough to reach eleven stars Fortunately, the authority level has been raised to level three. Yes ten stars He was able to rise to seven military ranks in a row The sum of these merits is I'm afraid it's more than half a million This guy What kind of monster is this? This year¡¯s Academy Challenge end here please everyone Exit in an orderly manner I've checked everything here It¡¯s the only way the host must pass when he gets off work We'll wait for him here do this Wouldn't it be good? No, no Who asked him to bully you before? We must vent our anger Lin Mo I actually have nothing Otherwise Let's go Just listen to your senior this time. I don¡¯t want you to feel wronged because of me either. Coming This grandson also has a habit of picking up trash. Unexpectedly Helped the Lan family a little bit You can get so much money Now it¡¯s developed That's true I'll just say that grandson doesn't do human affairs. No wonder he didn¡¯t deduct Lan Feng¡¯s points. Then teach him a lesson Soul Breaking Technique who who is there Come out to me if you have the guts What a coincidence Hosted by Huang It turned out to be Little brother Lin Mo Why are you here? Human-like and dog-like How much money did the Lan family receive? sorry I'm just trying to make ends meet. It's no use telling me Apologize to Bingbing Sorry classmate it's all my fault Please spare me Today is a lesson for you later Take care of yourself yes yes I must repent Become a new person Okay, okay Get out now It's annoying to look at I'll get out now It seems He still has me in his heart He actually took the initiative to vent his anger on my behalf for the sake of grand plan Let¡¯s not talk to you little babies first general knowledge Wait for the future Are you crying? This breath Exactly the same as Inukai Ichiro Could it be that I suddenly changed my mind Xiao Mo Mo Don't do this I'm a little scared Look That's Lin Mo The first place in this academy challenge I heard he doesn¡¯t want the championship reward What a weirdo It must be just to show off That¡¯s it stand taller The fall will be worse in the future Lin Mo They just love to talk nonsense Don't take it to heart It's okay I don't care what others think Now trace General Slime All materials for Ancient Bloodline Everything is ready You have to find a quiet place Lao Meng Do you know where it is nearby? Is there any deserted place? Just go to the task board and take a look. Those difficult tasks that few people take on The location is basically desolate Good idea. I'll go now. so many people Posted weeks ago Only picked up once so far Someone actually chooses Abandoned Mechanical City Mission heard Qiu Hong, the 79th-ranked boss on the list I also led the team there. Such a difficult task Two people picked up at the same time It's really rare Senior Yin After cleaning up the abandoned machine city It is about to arrange for the Xia Kingdom Dragon Cavalry to be stationed. I have help from your top students from Qianlong College. Saved us a lot of trouble All for the sake of peace It's just this matter It took a week Neglected where This happened just in time for the Academy Challenge It's just a coincidence It's all because of the incident in Kyoto War Zone No. 1 We have to reinforce the workshop as a last resort Occupying the Machinery City Really helpless I still don't know what happened in War Zone 1 I heard that he was suppressed by General Xu Mo. All career changers who have entered War Zone 1 No one is allowed to reveal any information I don¡¯t know the specifics either. But it seems to be related to hell hell So the war zone around Kyoto Already stepped up vigilance It's because hell seems to be taking action Qiu Hong People from the Xia Kingdom Dragon Cavalry Team Not yet Soon I just didn't expect it Two newcomers were sent I hope they don't hold back Could it be this guy? No Show according to map The Dragon Riders still have two kilometers to go. Hello This road is blocked Idle people waiting to avoid I took over the school assignment Must enter the city here today We've booked the venue Will explode later I accidentally hurt you But no one is responsible Got it old man Forget it life and death we are late introduce yourself I am level 27 Second transfer to legendary profession Undefeated King of Fighters The main thing is meat If you need damage resistance, come to me. Yao Wei 20th grade Second turn legendary career Tai Chi Master The task is urgent Hurry up and clear out the monsters in the city. Required materials have been collected Should we start tracing the ancient bloodline of General Slime? start It also retains the cute characteristics Added powerful tentacle capabilities This is the fusion of the bloodline of ancient Shoggoths. and The four-dimensional attributes skyrocketed by 20,000 There are two more bloodline skills This effect Ye Tai God-Level Sudden Enlargement Technique explode Exploded Wang Hao, what are you doing? Mine monster's cub You dare to pick it How did I know that the iron bump was a mine monster? Bad we are surrounded Once the mine monster touches will explode And there are so many Once detonated, the consequences will be unimaginable No No place to hide this Is this Hugh? tentacles What a strong control Don't be in a daze Take this opportunity and leave quickly It's so scary here I want to go home These mine monsters But a natural explosive Can't waste it Bloodline Skill Tentacle Strangulation So strong Who did it? To have such a summoned object in such a place Could it be the kid who just entered? Impossible How old is he I guess Maybe it's a senior who doesn't want to show up Summoner Could it be Let's think about it together The mission of Waste Machinery City has been completed Reward has been distributed Please pay attention to check That guy Wang Hao It¡¯s really not a worry Fortunately, it does not conflict with my mission. Just save your life Lieutenant Cui Kai Yin Lao It's less than an hour Why did you come back? Could it be that the mission failed? No The abandoned mechanical city has indeed been blown up Yes We didn't blow it up is a summoner he didn't show up Instead, he commands a summoning creature covered with tentacles. Blow up the center Summoner Could it be Lin Mo? But that boy There is no summoning object with tentacles. No matter who he is As long as the task is completed Next, our Xia Kingdom Dragon Cavalry Team That way you can stay safely. Yin Lao Since there is nothing else I won't bother you Let¡¯s take these little guys away first. Good Go get busy This is really this kid Task has been submitted I remembered Lin Mo is the first place in the Academy Challenge No wonder he accepted the mission from the abandoned machine city. Just win the challenge Want me to say It is still the Tianbang that best proves strength. Tianbang? Former Meng Junchen also said the importance of Tianbang Qianlong College Archives Not only high-level military ranks are required There are also ranking restrictions on the Tianbang Come and watch I don¡¯t know if anyone will open the market today Just go and take a look and you will know. Everyone has come Let me join in the fun too Lin Mo why are you here Come too Participating in the challenge Just to see the excitement Sorry I'll take a call please Hello Lin Mo where are you I want to find you I'm in the Tianbang Challenge Hall Come here tidal wave That's it Fire dancing in the sky muhai you lose It's because I'm not as good as others Ranking 81st It's yours transfer As long as you defeat the career changer ranked higher than you You can exchange Tianban rankings So that's it Autumn alliance Do you want to try Forget it I can't beat him This is Lin Mo This year's freshmen It turns out you were the champion of the previous challenge. But don¡¯t think that winning first place means you¡¯re awesome. Want to prove one's strength It also depends on the ranking on the Tianbang Just be yourself Don't care what others say Why are you not convinced? Compete with me sorry Not interested what did you say Looking for death? Xiao Yan Calm down get out of the way get out of the way It¡¯s Qiu Hong and Duan Tie, who are ranked 79 or 80 on the Heavenly Ranking. Can't afford to offend Stay away quickly Sister Hong What happened between you and Brother Tie? So angry Don¡¯t ask what you shouldn¡¯t ask Otherwise Find someone to do activities vent your anger Come on Don't joke I can't beat you However I have a choice It's this guy He is very crazy Where does he rank on the heavenly list? May I ask where you rank? No ranking Such an unfashionable character Not worthy of taking action against me How I¡¯m jumping to conclusions before I try it. Are you afraid that losing to me will be too embarrassing? Good I didn't want to use you as a punching bag But you asked for it So much nonsense Please give way Lin Mo Why did he get into the ring? Level 33, second transfer to legendary profession Bright Moon Method Qiu Hong Ranked 79th on the Tianban List Lin Mo Hidden occupation boss summoner You are the new student who wins the challenge As a senior Do you need me to give you a hand? No need Even if you try your best, you may not be able to win. Shameless talk Look at the moves time and space displacement I'm here What's the point of hiding all this time? Where is your summon? Come on Have a good fight That's as you wish God level summons Tauren Lord buffalo charge so fast Found it We saw it in Machinery City Not a high-level strong man But a man named Lin Mo Could it be this kid? Lin Mo is not ranked on the Tianbang That He defeated Qiu Hong Doesn't it mean Lin Mo is currently ranked seventy-nine Qiu Hong was kicked out of the top list I'm also worried that you can't beat Qiu Hong It seems that I am worrying too much wait a moment What's the matter? In the Machinery City It was you who saved us, right? thank you you're welcome It's you who took advantage of that boy Wang Hao Why did you let him go? This guy is using dirty tricks Pushed Qiu Hong out of the top rankings Pull it down Lin Mo is not someone we can afford to offend And if it weren't for him We would have died in Mechanical City a long time ago That's right He showed mercy to me Strength I'm afraid it's better than the three of us. Lin Mo Didn't you win? but you seem Not very happy I don't care about winning or losing I just want to get ranked Go to the archives to look up the war ten years ago i know My dad told me ten years ago Your parents were caught up in that war never came back Actually I'm here to find you Just for this matter what Inukai Ichiro who previously invaded the No. 1 theater behind his back Hidden a huge cult organization Hell Cult And the war ten years ago It seems It's also related to a certain cult organization No wonder I met Wang Hao and the others when I went to Machinery City It seems that the country has been busy building defense projects recently. The Dragoons have been thinking about these things. So i want to remind you You can ask your friends in the Dragoons. Thank you Bingbing You don't have to be so polite with me. look back Just treat me to a meal No problem I'll go to the archives first It seems This is letter to me Shen Tianbang, my child, what are you going to do next# In heaven, I am your father Shen Tian Bang, Lin Shu The hoof body is in the sky, the fate is so magical Together, let us meet in this world I am very honored to be on the list of heaven, With a son like you, I will be on the list of heaven, can see this letter It means you have entered Qianlong Academy Shentianbang But this is just the beginning Next What you have to face is the real enemy When promoted to level thirty-five You will encounter a secret realm There is a gift I left for you When the fragmented world merges again You and I will meet each other So my dad is still alive The fragmentable world merges again What does it mean? Must be promoted to level 35 as soon as possible Wang Hao Is there anything turbulent recently? I don't know However Recently the Dragoons Intense preparations have been made It always feels like in the near future There's a tough battle to be fought I know thanks It seems everything is as Bingbing said in the face of crisis Hard fist is the truth Xiao Mo Mo wake up quickly something big happened What are you doing? This is so early in the morning Too late to explain Please read the college notice Dear students Xia Guo Dragoon Team Various fortifications are being built All career transferees from Qianlong Academy Be sure to actively cooperate Lin Mo Did you see the school notice? I want to team up with you Got it See you in the mission hall According to our three levels We have to carefully choose the one that suits us How about this? Large copy with unlimited number of people The more template materials you submit, The more points and merit points you get, the more Good That's it Received Magic Tower Ladder Mission Let¡¯s brush the copy this time Need to prepare some advanced copy refresh symbols Why not go to the stall area and take a look first? No problem Brand new props Come and have a look, everyone Take a look Lin Mo's temper is still very good We met at the Dungeon Tower before He is a very kind person It's not as evil as the outside world says. Come on I've heard about it The two young masters of the Fang family and the Bai family were tortured by him. No way This is still false Based on my understanding of Lin Mo If they hadn't offended Lin Mo I wouldn't do it so well Shu Ya You always said you knew Lin Mo I think you can blow it He's a genius job changer We are little guys like this Does he like it? i didn't lie I do know Lin Mo Forget it, forget it Let¡¯s hurry up and do our college tasks. Let's go, let's go Senior Sister Shuya long time no see Lin Mo why are you here My friends and I came to buy some things I'll go to the copy later. It¡¯s really Lin Mo Shuya didn't lie we need Advanced copy refresher I don¡¯t know if you have any recommendations? me i know a place come with me It turns out you are Lin Mo Nice to meet you Advanced copy refresher Materials are expensive The price is not cheap Fifty thousand one However I can give you some elementary ones as gifts Two hundred thousand comes first what twenty square I gave it to you without blinking an eye. Is this the world of the boss? If the person who could get to know Lin Mo was me How nice it would be Lin Mo Even if you have a lot of money, you can't spend it like this, right? Do you know how to be diligent and thrifty? ordinary people like us There's no way I can afford that much money However My dad has it Dad Explosive gold coins I want two hundred thousand No problem OK I'll take four too Extremely rich One can fight in the end The clown is actually me Okay, no more ink marks Buy quickly Got it Thank you, Sister Shuya See you next time Goodbye Shu Ya We were just kidding you tell me now How did you know each other? In fact, I only met him twice. Lin Mo Hardwood Who is that girl? Do you have a good relationship with her? I took her through a copy before Very nice people That's it Little Momo, you are confused Backyard fire Be careful of the reflection in the fish pond What backyard fire? You are really hopeless that Demon Tower Ladder Copy Not to be underestimated To be on the safe side Should we visit the auction house? Right, right, right Auction house is good Need to visit the auction house Then we each choose Meet at the door later Good Welcome to the distinguished job transferees with three permissions Hope you are in the auction house Buy something you like We will save you 50% of the handling fee The auction house page has been upgraded And there are such huge discounts Sure enough, the higher the authority The more resources you can get This is Bagua Qiankun Formation As my summons increase, This skill book can just standardize the issue of positioning. Just what I need Spend two million Purchased Bagua Qiankun Array Spam skill intrusion detected Completed divinity level Sure enough In the eyes of the system All skill books are garbage After becoming a god High-rise building department, this skill is simply unbelievable speaking of The bull-headed lord has been following me for a long time. It's time to trace his lineage I didn¡¯t expect the ancient bloodline of the Tauren Lord Turns out to be a bull demon Lin Mo Have you finished buying everything? It¡¯s time to go to the Magic Tower Ladder to have a fight set off Magic Tower Ladder It is indeed a large copy so many people For those who didn¡¯t know, I thought I was going to the mall. Dear career changers The Dragoons are in urgent need of Enchanted Shards and demon blood crystal Magic Tower Ladder with generous rewards Magic Tower Ladder The more the merrier Dragoon Rewards Must be extraordinary Isn't it just enchanted fragments and magic blood crystals? Our Shuimu Academy has taken care of it. The ignorant are really fearless When did Shuimu Academy become so rampant? You are Zhang Huimin from Kyoto University I've heard your name So what? Why do you look down on people? Want to get Enchanted Fragments and Blood Magic Crystals You must kill enough monsters within the specified time Only then do you have a chance to get the key to the top floor Do you dare to compare? Let me see your Shuimu Academy Top students of Lingyun College How many kilograms and taels does it have? Lingyun College of Shuimu Academy The strength is second only to our Qianlong Academy That Huang Zhiyuan He is number 58 on the Evil God List Lingyun College Huang Zhiyuan Can compete with Zhang Huimin, who is ranked 62nd on the ranking list it's my honor Gods fight There's something good to watch who is making noise Don't get mad outside the copy your reaction is quick It's a seedling I will have the opportunity to enter Qianlong College in the future Sister Zhang His name is Lin Mo Already ranked 79th on Qianlong Academy¡¯s Heavenly Ranking What what You are Lin Mo Not bad. It¡¯s made Qianlong Academy look good. Someone will give you trouble in the future Say my name The bet is simple Who gets the Enchanted Shard and Demonic Blood Crystal first? Whoever wins happy to accompany Kyoto Academy is going to have a conflict with the people from Mizuki Academy As far as I know nearly a hundred years No one has ever been to the top But Someone is going to break the record today Choose the difficulty of the copy Only at elite level or above can you enter the top level Do you dare to give it a try? Okay, then let¡¯s play the big one Choose abyss level Choose the difficulty level of Jiang Meng Enter the copy Are the three of them crazy? How dare you choose the nightmare level? You people from Kyoto University, He's really brave as an artist You'd better worry about yourself first Don¡¯t wait and you won¡¯t get the reward. But it would be a shame to be thrown into grandma¡¯s house Let's wait and see The first level of the magic tower ladder Number of monsters on the first level The countdown is only half an hour This layer must be cleared in half the time to get the key them Why have you become like me? these guys It's called the Gu beast Mushroommon Can it be eaten? eldest sister It's magic poison Not a mushroom Skill copy This is too outrageous Really difficult We've suffered at the elite level before God level summons Slime Shoggoth blood skills Tentacle strangulation Successfully defeated the nightmare level demonic beast Experience plus 300,000 two minutes It¡¯s all seconds But you are just a summon Why have I never seen it before? It looks a lot like your slime general. It's General Slime It's just an upgraded version every summon Although they all have unique growth attributes But it can¡¯t be improved easily how did you do it So awesome It's a bit pitiful to have too few This is the first level very normal Let's go Don't be like me this time It was so embarrassing just now I wish I could be like you I'll beat you to death that In fact, people Usually very gentle Number of monsters on the second level I go This time I won the prize I hit myself A little awkward Lin Mo Come on Tentacle strangulation Successfully defeated the nightmare level magic tower ladder Gu beast Experience value plus 300,000 Hey hey hey Do you have any problem with me? Who told you to tease Bingbing just now? Just think of it as a lesson to you. The second level of the magic tower ladder Completed Reward has dropped It seems that everyone's interest is very high. Can it not be high? Obtaining materials can be exchanged for rewards from the Dragon Cavalry Team. It's the same as when we were young There is something about this Zhang Huimin Our Kyoto academic institution Qianryu Academy Ranked 62nd on the Tianlist Huang Zhiyuan from Shuimu College is not bad either, right? Not until the end The outcome is still unknown If I remember correctly Your Huang Zhiyuan from Lingyun College It seems to be ranked 58th on the Evil God List. Right The fifty-eighth is not as good as the sixty-two job changers on our heavenly list. So shameful you here Why do you feel so eerie? what is this Apply skills I can't even see clearly Gone share joys and sorrows Divine Bull Shield Withstand lightning times 2 What the hell fourth floor Was it just struck by lightning? Withstand ten consecutive lightning attacks Experience value plus 500,000 It's exactly what I thought That being the case come on There are so many summons to help me with my injuries No pain or itching at all Don't know either How are Meng Junchen and Bai Bingbing doing? Stop attacking me Little Momo, help me I give up They will die so soon Wang Zha Can't afford it A three i won No We are in dire straits You are fighting landlords Meng Junchen you finally woke up look there this Actually had barbecue The taste of thunder and lightning roasting is just different. Congratulations Lin Mo Bai Bingbing Meng Junchen Passed four to six layers of lightning test Lin Mo gets the title Fudo Thunder King Earn an experience reward of two million Two thousand template materials Two magic core hearts Are you injured? I didn't expect you to last so long I'm fine I didn¡¯t expect the reward this time to be quite generous. The first area has been painted Let's go to the next area quickly The fourth floor took so long Hope of getting the top key It's slim old guy this time Maybe we really have to admit This task is beyond the students' limits. Abyss level lightning strike We can't hold it anymore Baptism of Holy Light Hold on what happened Where is your companion who went in with you? him He can't escape The lightning strike on the fifth level is really powerful. I'm holding on for half my life It took fifty lightning strikes to come out. My companion couldn't bear it anymore and gave up. Will stay in the copy forever what Even the fifty-eight ones on the Evil God List Is it true that no one can get through? Look at Senior Sister Zhang Huimin Rushed to the seventh floor It seems that Kyoto University is more powerful. Good girl It makes Qianlong Academy look good What's going on ninth floor It turns out to be a demonic snake that can only attack with elements. We can't fight at all This time, our Shuimu Academy lost. We surrender But this also means this mission Going to fail Principal There is a new student named Lin Mo who is also there. I don't know what's going on with him over there. Lin Mo But I didn't see him at all just now Because their team chose nightmare difficulty Nightmare difficulty Principal Niu please help me Just relying on my ability Unable to see nightmare-level spatial information I'm coming too It¡¯s really Lin Mo they are still alive This is too strong As expected of the first place in the Academy Challenge That kid is stronger than me How is it possible On the ninth floor, only elemental attacks will be effective for the Demonic Snake. I'd like to see it How could he beat him? The conditions for passing this level That's too harsh, right? Even if I am an oracle mage Elemental power in skills Not enough to kill a demon snake Elemental political attack? I have a way to deal with it grandson Your grandpa is here Nine skills of demon python unexpectedly absorbed directly Can you still play like this? The boss is indeed a boss now Give it back to you Successfully kill the elite boss Demonic Snake Obtain magic board materials Heart of Demonic Core Only one minute has passed. Only one minute has passed. this this This is a second. This is a second. Why is this place empty? Lin Mo I have a bad feeling This is God's Domain forbidden place Why is it useless? absolute immunity Interesting God level summons Goblin Legion I go naval tactics That's okay too Hydra Nine skills of demon python The earth trembles Successfully killed eight Golem Lords Experience points plus two million That's it My legs were weak just now Director Dai is here why are you here I heard someone entered The thirteenth floor of the nightmare-level magic tower ladder That's right Lin Mo and two teammates Lin Mo Xia Guo Dragoon Team Ten-star second lieutenant Lin Mo Yeah, what's the problem? The 13th floor is not fully open yet. monster inside Although the four-dimensional attributes are not too outrageous But the skills they have are very abnormal That What to do now But it's too late to stop it now The situation is urgent It seems we have to ask General Xumo to come over what did you say If something happens to De Gaolin Mo, I will dismantle your monitoring bureau. General Xu Mo Everything is the fault of my subordinates Whether you want to kill him or not afterward is entirely up to you. just now Please save this child Lin Mo Take apart the copy Just remove the copy The monsters inside will come out Lin Mo and the others can be rescued But once the monsters in the copy emerge, We will also be in a hard fight Do you really want to do this? Then tell me what else you can do to save him. Wait a moment, General Xu Mo ÁÖÄ«ËûÃÇÓÖÍ¨¹ØÁËÒ»²ã Only the last layer is left Is it possible for Lin Mo to pass the level? A copy of the Magic Tower Ladder I knew this guy wouldn't let me down Fast Prepare the best medical team Wait until they come out He will definitely be seriously injured It¡¯s General Xu Mo I'll make arrangements right away There's something wrong with this house I feel Feeling weak all over Hundreds of years No one has ever been able to set foot here I didn¡¯t expect that some little dolls would come today. It just relieves my boredom I feel The energy in the body is rapidly losing This should be the final boss of the instance She is secretly drawing our strength little ones If you want to get the key Just play four games with me old witch Don¡¯t be a mother-in-law or a mother-in-law What ability do you have? Just say hello to our little Momo If I frown Not Meng I thank you Why are you so polite? Which of us is following whom? Let you bully Lin Mo Just a joke You're too harsh I'm on every floor from 19th to 22nd Elemental traps are set up The longer you hold on The more likely you are to get the key to the top of the magic tower. But it¡¯s very difficult if you die I will make you into a golem one by one. Accompany me in the magic tower good luck to you little dolls what did she just say Elemental Trap What kind of favor? Be careful everyone We are Arrived desert Look it's desert storm I know This must be a wind element trap We have to find a place to hide There is nothing but desert here. This clearly wants us to die. This level of attack Lin Mo should not be allowed to carry it alone Let's come too I'm older than you And I'm an oracle mage No matter what, I should come first Lin Mo You've been in the limelight enough now it's my turn oracle in the name of god Summon God's Light Shield Did you see it? I'm pretty awesome too This is just an appetizer storm impact Finished Let me do it God level summons Ice Mage crystallize Can't hurt you Category 3 storm Since the strong wind cannot shake you Then try the downpour Category 2 storm Abominable Don¡¯t you have any other skills? Eat fresh food everywhere OK OK You succeeded in irritating me I'll electrocute you to death Level three thunder crit Are you the only ones who know how to use ice spells? Ice picks falling from the sky Big brother Receive magical powers more than a hundred years It¡¯s the first time I¡¯ve seen ice crystals like yours that are stronger than turtle shells. I'm freezing to death I surrender The key is yours This is disarming Didn¡¯t we agree on the four-wheel trap? Can't beat I can't beat you at all thank you Defeated the Nightmare Elemental Witch Experience points plus eight million Unexpectedly, it was upgraded A soldier who subdues others without fighting How can you do this to monsters? Look at this Lin Mo The materials and equipment are the same as those picked up for free. Congratulations on successfully refreshing the copy record Reward a magic tower territory Magic Tower Territory This is a good thing hurry up Open the top level This is the ladder to the magic tower The top entrance I'm a little excited when I think about it. what Only one person can enter this Xiao Mo Mo Pay attention to safety I believe you can do it Come on We are waiting for you outside thank you Look Someone came out How's the situation inside? Are you injured? Where's Lin Mo? Why are you two the only ones out? General Xu Mo And the principal Why are you all here? Lin Mo has already headed to the top of the magic tower ladder We'll come out first Just be fine My life is saved You must have suffered a lot in there, right? Listen to Director Dai Dungeons above level 13 are not fully developed. The monsters inside are very powerful endure hardship does not exist When we go in, it's like visiting a zoo. what I see these two students from your Kyoto Institute Eighty percent of the time, my brain was burned out in the dungeon. It's better to give them a comprehensive checkup as soon as possible. laodeng what do you mean What I said is all the truth. I have a question Fifty lightning bolts from the fourth to sixth floors How did you get through it? fifty ways What we are doing is nightmare level One hundred challenges to take One hundred ways This is what people can bear Ashamed to say Meng Junchen and I Each person only withstood two or three lightning strikes. I can't bear it anymore So It was Lin Mo who endured the remaining ninety times alone. That's right This Lin Mo It really keeps surprising me. Eye of Heaven activates I said How long has it been since you brushed your teeth? What a stinky person Who is disturbing my dreams Looking for death The magic dragon kills Consumes all mana Designate a target Clear the opponent's blood volume Your skills can directly kill any target in seconds Really strong But it's a pity you met me The brazen brat Go to hell Mysterious Demonic Mirror Why is my magic point gone? what on earth did you do general slime Defeated the nightmare boss Purple Winged Dragon Add one million experience points Level increased to thirty-one mount fragments A bit interesting If I could get a set together From now on, you don¡¯t have to rush on your own. It's time to feed the summons Ice Mage Skills of Hell Flame Wolf and Red Gold Blood Demon The development level is full An ice ball and a fire ball If they are allowed to appear at the same time Isn¡¯t it a living world of ice and fire? Red gold blood mist is also considered a auxiliary skill. Not bad, good, window blood, golden red Lin Mo came out He really cleared the nightmare level copy So shocking This is definitely the first person in a century Why are so many people here? Even General Xu Mo is here Report to the commander Mission accomplished well done Later Dragoons Merit points will be issued to you Jealousy changes me beyond recognition He is indeed the man I like go and rest I still have something to ask you tomorrow I'm not tired, it's still early I want to go in and brush it a few more times You still have to brush Are you two together? No, no, no I suddenly remembered that I had a dinner date with a friend that The clothes in my dormitory haven¡¯t been washed yet. ok General Xu Mo this Forget it let him be Imp I haven't eaten meat for hundreds of years Mysterious Demonic Mirror defeated You don¡¯t have to listen to the same lines a second time Not bad Another mount fragment dropped The number of brushes has been exhausted But I finally collected the mount fragments. General Xu Mo These materials should Enough for the Dragoons to use for a while these materials Enough for a long time Nightmare copy When he fights, it's like playing Others are making copies He is going to purchase goods The difference between me and the boss Is it that big? Kyoto Academy played an incredible role young age For making such a contribution to the Xia Kingdom The future is promising Our students at Qianlong College I just like the challenge of the impossible. No way Student Lin Mo 00000 obtained One hundred thousand Strike while the iron is hot Go and see if there is any relevant information about mounts. Have you heard? Meng Junchen and Bai Bingbing from our college He actually overcompleted the Demon Tower Ladder dungeon mission. Everyone delivered more than 20,000 magic board materials There are also thousands of magic core hearts Received hundreds of thousands of merit points All made money So awesome When will I be able to be so powerful? That¡¯s hundreds of thousands of meritorious deeds. I can't make that much in a year Look quickly Someone submitted two million magic board materials and the heart of two hundred thousand magic cores millions Who is this? Purely perverted It's Lin Mo Lin Mo, ranked 79th on the Tianlist odd Why is there no recorded information? Lin Mo I'm starting an adventure group But I encountered a problem Want to be qualified to create an adventure group? You must kill a wild boss that is level 20 or higher. No problem Leave this to me Oh right Has the location of the adventure group been determined? Not yet Then go find the job transfer temple now Grant a piece of vacant land I'll go there right away Lin Mo This is the location for the adventure group Will it be a little biased? Rest assured I have treasure blessings Magic Tower Territory There is such a good thing Take advantage of it I'm optimistic about you this mission Requires a team of at least five people My level is not enough So I found four more members Contact information has been sent to you Got it You are Summoner Lin Mo, right? I'm Yang Feng Level 20 Knight hello This is my girlfriend Ayue Good brother Geng Rui and Feng Chuang little brother Follow us later Safety first listen to you When Brother Lu told us to do the task We have planned our goals in advance It¡¯s this level 22 dead tree boss brothers Let¡¯s give it to Brother Lu fight a good fight It's a meeting gift for him. repay his kindness necessary What's going on Someone grabs the boss It's a bad idea That bastard you know him They are the guys from the Muye Adventure Group The one who takes the lead He's my nemesis Lang Buqi He was the one who framed Brother Feng Misappropriating materials Let the group leader kick us out causing us to become notorious No adventure group is willing to accept us we have no source of income Cangluo Street Fortunately I met Brother Lu Lang Buqi, they have a lot of people. And there are so many experts There is a huge gap in strength between us and this grandson It¡¯s not wise to fight head-on I can only find another boss. No need to bother Just do it and it's over boy What for? This wild boss Our twilight adventure group has booked it Lin Mo You are too impulsive I haven't finished speaking yet Who do I think It turns out to be a bereaved dog. Do you dare to come back? It's about fifty kilometers away from Kyoto City. There's no one around It's a good place to destroy corpses and eliminate traces of traces. Don't bully others too much grudges between us Nothing to do with him This old man is quite friendly. I'll fight them later. Anyway You have to let Lin Mo go first I've long wanted to fight this grandson. Even if you die today I also need to peel off a layer of skin from him. daydreaming you No one can leave Go to hell I won't let you succeed Shadow of Charm This kid is motionless You won't be scared silly, right? I'm almost out of blue Thank you for your hard work. Leave it to me next Let's hold on Lin Mo Go quickly little brat Not all hair is even Just want to be a hero Are your physical attributes high enough? I'm afraid it won't be enough to fight later. what do you mean Don't be too crazy garbage Boss Lang He's dying This guy Hiding deeply Isn't he a summoner? Why does it look more like a warrior profession? You figure it out for the rest. It's because you bully others too much persecute me This kick It's to make up for the trauma in all of our hearts. The grudge between you and me is over let your people Take you away Lin Mo Brothers you did him But I'm going to take revenge with Muye Adventure Team. This person has murderous intentions towards you It will be a disaster sooner or later if you keep it And these shrimps Tentacle strangulation Spare your life You have offended the Muye Adventure Group It won't end well Hurry up and complete the task my time is limited OK It¡¯s actually a mutated boss These two variant skills Very detrimental to us Lin Mo, what are you doing? I know you are talented and bold But we must also understand the current situation clearly This boss we can't open If you wait for Muye's people to come, We are in a dilemma To be on the safe side Listen to Brother Feng It's okay i will be quick God level summons He really is a summoner This is a variation skill earth vine Can slow down the enemy by 80% What are you still doing? Help quickly It's okay, I'll do it myself You're not the only one with tentacles here Successfully kill the special boss mutated dead tree Obtain the qualification to create an adventure group This is also That's awesome Take advantage of the fact that Mu Ye¡¯s people don¡¯t notice Let's go back quickly No, I still have something to do You go first ok Then you'd better not stay here too long Jiang Xin, the leader of Muye But a gun hunter who has reached level 30 I know Brother Feng why are you so happy We will have a new home in the future Of course I'm happy New home Then let me remove the first obstacle to our new home. Didn¡¯t Lang Buqi lead the team to defeat the wild boss? How could it be missing? Could it be that they were attacked by someone from another group? OK Bullying comes to me. That being the case I will lead the team myself I want to see which grandson thinks he has a long life. This boss crystal The quality is too bad Better keep it first Move the people of our twilight adventure group How dare you stay here? You are impatient with life Turns out to be a mute brothers Get him for me boss There's something wrong with this guy You guys stand back I will meet him personally You look like you should be a warrior Then see if your fist is hard My gun is still stronger explosive bomb That What the hell is that? Isn't he a warrior? boss him He is the Summoner Junk career I'll sieve your summons right away Go to hell that guy He swallowed all the bullets Are summons so powerful? This is simply a perversion, right? you three Hold back his summons I'll deal with that kid It's the boss Summoner without summons Just a waste God level summons Tauren Lord Divine Bull Shield brother It's all misunderstanding I'm a one-star second lieutenant you can't kill me see clearly you are next life Remember not to do bad things hello Do you want to create an adventure group? yes we have completed the task All conditions are met OK Start-up capital of five million gold coins Please tell me how to pay Swipe card Lu Geba The way he looks at swiping his card is so cool That's it Now please give your adventure group a name. How about calling Hope Adventure Group? I think it¡¯s better to call it Evergreen Adventure Group. let's adventure group Never fade It's better to call it tomorrow's adventure group Let's go against Konoha The name doesn't matter The important thing is that we are always together Actually, I already thought of a name call Chasing Ink Adventure Group Chasing ink Who is this Mo? Yes If you want to chase, you should also follow Brother Lu Why not call it Land Chasing Adventure Group? Wait, the one who fights the boss with us today Is your name Lin Mo? But our adventure group has nothing to do with him you are wrong Lin Mo is the father who is the financial backer behind our adventure group. without him There would be no today without me, Lu Fei have you heard The leader of the Muye Adventure Group is dead Their group is on the verge of disbanding what happened How could it be so sudden? I heard that I was fighting for the boss with someone else. As a result, I got myself involved. So Boss Lin wants to eliminate the root of the problem I didn't leave there his strength How strong is it? I thought Lin Mo He's a little brat This is so droopy hello We have discussed it Chasing Ink Adventure Group OK Name has been submitted congratulations The adventure group was officially established Yang Feng about Lin Mo being the boss behind the scenes I hope you will keep it a secret He is a person who likes to keep a low profile I understand, Brother Lu, don¡¯t worry Bloodline Recast The recasting of the Tauren Lord's bloodline has been completed Obtain a new form, Bull Demon All attributes increased by 20,000 This time, it¡¯s a big human shield that can be used to fight and carry. Congratulations to the host Obtained two million merit points from the Dragon Cavalry Team I didn't expect it to arrive so quickly It¡¯s almost time It's time for me to withdraw too where have you been Someone has been looking for you for a long time Who is looking for me That Zhang Huimin wants to challenge you She is ranked 62nd on the Heavenly List if you can beat her He will be ranked 62nd Qianlong Academy has a rule As long as the ranking is within sixty Just reward a single-family villa You're not far away from living in a villa So Does it matter to you that I live in a single-family villa? For the sake of taking such good care of you You won't let me move in with you? Xiao Mo Mo You think beautifully I'm a little tired Going to bed Don't Zhang Huimin has been waiting for you for a long time she said if you don't go He'll beat me up That's hard on you Xiao Mo Mo You can't just die without saving me. And the entire Qianlong Academy Everyone already knows the news Mr. Yin even spoke Who won¡¯t come to watch the game? No diploma will be issued So exaggerated Lin Mo where are you I bought all the light sticks You must win tonight's game I just returned to the dormitory ok i got it meet It seems that it is impossible not to go. Xiao Mo Mo I knew you loved me the most dear Kiss one stay away from me I said Mr. Yin You make tea with freshly boiled water I can't drink without foaming at my mouth. You want to burn me to death discovered by you Right Zhang Huimin makes an appointment with Lin Mo Why did you make the battle so big? What do you say? These bastards I feel that I am superior to others in Qianlong Academy. Have been at ease for so long It's time for someone to make them nervous You Really good at causing trouble Qianlong Academy¡¯s Top Ranking It¡¯s time to reshuffle the cards This time the professional competition unusual Listen to General Xu Mo¡¯s words top ranked There will be other arrangements Let's go It¡¯s time to go watch the battle I don¡¯t know about this guy Zhang Huimin either. How will he be beaten by Lin Mo? ¡¤You, you, you Are you deliberately stumbling on others? What I call killing chickens and monkeys Wenjia As a summoner, he should have weaknesses This battle Earn back the face lost in the Demon Tower Ladder dungeon Hello, Mr. Yin, hello, Principal. Hello everyone Why hasn¡¯t Lin Mo arrived yet? But don't give me any trouble Meng Junchen is not reliable at all. Should I make this bet? You bet again Right Not possible? How much are you prepared to lose this time? Millions of gold coins The result is not out yet What do you mean I lose? I bet on Zhang Huimin Can't survive three moves I think You have a good chance of winning this time Right? I think too Bai Bingbing Your battle Is it too exaggerated? Where is there Winning or losing the game is not important The key is momentum Must not lose Dude Hurry up Boss Zhang Huimin wants to challenge Lin Mo If you go late, there will be no seats. Good What's going on The protagonist hasn¡¯t appeared yet Ticket sales have already started Take a look How many people want to watch this show? Right I have something to tell you Yin Lao means Let you let go Try to extend the rhythm of PK as much as possible Zhang Huimin loses in this way Won't lose face good guy The co-author is using me as a gunman. Forget it For the sake of Mr. Yin helping me Just sell him this favor. How dare this guy Lin Mo come? Isn't he afraid of being killed by Sister Zhang? My sister Zhang is a fighter among women. Punch a weakling It¡¯s not certain who will kill whom. Look, you haven¡¯t gone to the Magic Tower Ladder instance. Lin Mo hides his secrets Fighters and so on are all weak. I didn¡¯t expect Lin Mo to be quite popular among the freshmen. this child like his dad great Fortunately I caught up You must witness Brother Lin¡¯s highlight moments with your own eyes Level 34, second-level legendary profession Zhang Huimin, the swordsman king Come for advice Sister Min is mighty Let him see the strength of our old students Come on Lin Mo Hammer her We freshmen are not vegetarians either. I'm Lin Mo Thirty-two and second-level hidden occupations boss summoner Lin Mo is actually thirty-two years old This is too fast I haven¡¯t even transferred yet. Qianlong Academy Challenge Officially begins Take the move So fast God level summons I go Can summons be this big? This is the bull demon recorded in ancient books This body shape is too exaggerated Are you afraid? Father Lin, come on Bull Demon He can actually summon such a thing This thing How to fight Didn¡¯t I ask you to drag me along? The summoning object was summoned so early. Wait what are you doing reply text message Don't be verbose own arrangement That's good that me Can we start? However I have a little problem Need to deal with it quickly Just this summon If you can knock him down at night, you will win. What is Lin Mo doing? This kid bullies people too much No, no, no You old students can't afford to lose, right? Lin Mo¡¯s father only needs to send out a summoning object That's your limit, old students. Your kindness is You go out to do something first Then let me knock this summoned creature down Even if I win are you sure Isn't this a waste of water? I'm in a hurry So let's do it This summoned creature will definitely be defeated by me But even so, I win You win first and then talk about it Good Lin Mo Remember what you said today It's finally quiet now Why? This is a blatant insult we don't agree If you don¡¯t dare, just admit defeat quickly Is it a shame? Ranked 62nd on the Tianban List Are you so cowardly? Good Then let's see how I defeat this summoned creature. Twenty thousand strength attributes If you don¡¯t believe it, you can¡¯t kill it A blow of twenty thousand power Who can withstand it? Take action Random splitting knife technique Why did Zhang Huimin lose the knife? What's going on The Bull Demon's defense is too strong Zhang Huimin¡¯s attack is completely ineffective The reaction was too much for her to bear. Lin Mo¡¯s father¡¯s summons Sure enough, strong enough Summoner's biggest weakness It's myself Now he's running away This is done That's right Lin Mozuo This is unfair to Zhang Huimin You guys call this a secret exchange of concepts. Summoners originally fight with summoned objects. That's right What happened to hiding? Reasonably avoid weaknesses This is called Gao Ming I still don¡¯t believe in this evil today. cut This is despised What the hell is Lin Mo doing? Command this stupid cow Show some skills Mr. Yin, calm down It's stable this time Earn a million Mount required Jingshouhuan Dinganshi Jade Heart-Controlling Jade these materials You have to go to a specific secret place to find it It seems that Zhang Huimin¡¯s attack is of no use to the Bull Demon. It's time to go back my knife How is it Do you admit defeat? I never knew what it meant to admit defeat Your summons are indeed very strong But you may not Burning soul line this How could this happen? This is my full blow He actually took the sword with his bare hands Is this reasonable? This is strength me Lin Mo is the best Big brother is mighty Domineering side leakage I just cheered you up did you see Shouted so loudly Of course I saw it Sister Aren¡¯t we going to congratulate Brother Lin? All a family No need to be so polite How about Mr. Yin? I won again little bastard What are you talking about? Have something to say Don't do it This old boy He really won¡¯t grow up. Don't forget your promise tomorrow Coming warrior Is there something urgent you want to see me for? Do you know the Hell Cult? know What happened ten years ago Is it related to them? It seems you already understand something Recently, people from the Hell Cult have made a comeback again The Sakura Country thugs you met in War Zone No. 1 Inukai Ichiro They are the minions of the Hell Cult. People from the Hell Cult also appeared in War Zone No. 2 And also released a large number of hell monsters Breaking through our first blockade do you mean Let me also fight against the enemy That's right This is a special proof for entering the second theater your task It's to clear out the hellish monsters that broke through the blockade. Investigate the whereabouts of the Hell Cultists as much as possible Understand Is this guy new here? Why haven't you seen it? I saw that he actually General Xu Mo walked out of his room Could they be relatives? What are you doing? Why don't you hurry up and send supplies to the second war zone? Here we go I go Why is this guy here? Lin Mo Why do you have time to come to the Dragoons? General Xu Mo gave me a mission Returning to the battlefield, the general assigned the task Just blow it Brother Hao Who is this? The bullshit is so big None of you know Lin Mo Stop hanging out with the Dragoons He has been for so many years only Let Xu Mozhan personally award the job transferees with military ranks. You are the top scorer in the national exam First place in the challenge That Lin Mo sorry sorry It¡¯s because we have blind eyes and fail to recognize Mount Tai I won't ask you to deliver supplies to the No. 2 War Zone, right? It's been very uneasy there recently. I do want to go to War Zone 2 That's a good feeling Let's go together But I'm not going to deliver supplies But to deal with the hell monsters true or false Hell monsters are not something ordinary people can deal with. Only job transfer candidates above level 30 are eligible What a coincidence I am thirty-two I go Your upgrade speed Faster than a hen laying eggs We are different Can only be a logistics soldier Right When we were investigating War Zone No. 1 found one A conspiracy related to Inukai Ichiro this guy Hidden in our country for a long time Have multiple identities He also just hosted the Kyoto Academy Challenge result Just after the challenge ends It was solved by someone I don¡¯t know. We learn from him Learned about the Hell Cult Information to attack the No. 2 War Zone Brother Hao We've heard about this too What a relief I don¡¯t know which master made the move Unexpectedly, I bumped into it by mistake. I won't be with you anymore See you later ok Then be more careful yourself The joys and sorrows of people are not the same They are obviously the same age We were overtaken directly You can't even see the taillights of other people's cars Wang Hao Yao Wei We made a big discovery After investigation The person who solved the spy has been found who What kind of hero did this? It's him This is Lin Mo Do you know each other? Just passed by Level 40 second-level rare profession Lead the team to clear the war zone Definitely no worse than the Dragoons When things get tough, support comes from all sides Is this cohesion? little brother Is this your first time in War Zone 2? This place is much more lively than War Zone No. 1 first time At first glance, you look like a student from a certain university Looks childish Envy you young people This is the future of Xia Kingdom My name is Kang Weiguo Was a squad leader in the garrison these They are all soldiers I have led I see you don¡¯t have a team yet Do you want to come with us? No need I'm used to being alone alone little brother Crises abound in war zones It's hard to survive alone Team up with us Yes We can also provide you with some help After all, he also got in on the battlefield. That being the case I join We will be friends from now on Monitor Kang Are you recruiting troops again? Recruited another guy missing an arm Still a broken leg He is the leader of the Miracle Adventure Group Called Liu Qi He used to be a subordinate of Squad Leader Kang This grandson is greedy for life and afraid of death Kicked out of the garrison by squad leader So I still feel aggrieved about it till now. Rufu also dares to point fingers in front of me Does it matter to you who I recruit? How dangerous are the hell monsters in War Zone 2? You old, weak, sick and disabled people I probably won¡¯t even make it into the rankings. Stop embarrassing yourself here Go back early Isn¡¯t it good for my wife and children to be on the hot bed? you We are dedicating ourselves to the country Do you understand? Coward What's the use of just talking? Do you dare to compete with our Miracle Adventure Group? Whoever loses kneels down and kowtows brothers Do you dare to challenge? Dare Why are these two teams still competing? Lao Kang retired from the defense team Now they are coming from the war zone to contribute. Lao Jifu Aim for thousands of miles But his team Combat power is too low The gap between it and the Miracle Adventure Group is too big I'm afraid it will be difficult to win brothers Let's line up rustic I have a special note in my hand Just wait in line here honestly. Go in Take the road with fewer people next to you Don't lose to us because you entered too late. He has to kneel down and kowtow to us. Abominable I just can't stand this kind of villain's successful face. We all enter the war zone as individuals. Don't be special Let them go in first Use this this This is the special token of the Dragoons little brother you you you How can you have this Given by General Xu Mo Good Then I'll try hello please can we go in first It turns out that you are the elites of the Dragoons. Please take the special passage here We will be honored by following you this time. Since we are friends you're welcome It would be better for your team to have a name. It will be used when registering the results. Just call Veterans never die how AgreeAgree These old bastards How come they're faster than us? Hurry up! I'm waiting to kill monsters. Why are you making such a fuss? All are VIPs What kind of big-tailed wolf are you pretending to be here? If it's too slow, go to the special passage next door. If I can go to the special passage There's no need to queue up here Isn¡¯t this a distinguished VIP? Why haven't we gone in yet? What a pity! I'm afraid you'll have to kowtow to us later. So what if you go in first? A group of elderly, weak, sick and disabled They're just rushing to their deaths. Right little brother We don't know your name yet Lin Mo The surname Lin is not common in our area. I remember that ten years ago there was a big shot also named Lin. I also listened to his lectures I have to say that his ideas are very advanced I even suspect that he is someone from the future who has traveled through time. what's his name I really can't remember. After all, we rarely meet at his level. So I don't remember the full name. Could it be my father? By the way, Lin Mo So what is your profession? Summoner Although the profession does not have much advantage But at that time we will protect you When not necessary You don't need to do anything. All on high alert It appears that some people have already perished. There are at least fifty of them. It¡¯s not easy to deal with our strength. Have we fought too few battles to win more with less? This little monster can't be solved Let little brother Lin Mo watch the joke What did the monitor say? Let's do it That's right Just do it and it's done. Good Next Let little brother Lin Mo See how we work together This battle Will be very handsome They are here to protect me OK Just learn their tactics. These little monsters don't pose much of a threat. noteworthy It's the big toad in the middle Passive skills are interesting This hell toad can add buffs to its kind And all the same kind are dead it will become stronger Worthy of being an elite-level hell monster Spread formation ready to fight raid The passive skill Frog Bond has been triggered Hell Frog gets 20 percent of Constitution and strength bonus Lure the enemy deeper Defeat them one by one Understand Just now You fell into the trap, you beasts? kill Defeated Hell Frog Experience plus 800,000 This level of coordination is truly extraordinary How is it Handsome Very handsome monitor It seems that they are going to attack me proactively. these guys I won¡¯t shed tears without seeing the coffin little brother Just look at us brothers Show off to the whole audience It seems that I also have a chance to win. Fuck me I surpass Kang Weiguo's group of people. Twenty-nine thirty-one leader We're in fiftieth place Qun Lao Deng still dares to compete with me Can't torture them to death Keep up the onslaught Finally entered the fifty A bunch of rubbish monitor The Miracle Adventure Group is killing more and more monsters At our speed Soon you won't even be able to see their butts. gangster Why are you looking at people's butts? Metaphor, do you understand? Stop making noise Let¡¯s solve the immediate trouble first. The four-dimensional attributes of this hell toad Taller than hell frog And the skills are even more abnormal It's really hard to deal with Unless we can attack simultaneously And everyone's attacks hit perfectly. Only then can we have a chance to break through his defense. But it's too difficult to do this what to do now That's it I just have to give it a try Principal Zhang Yin Lao You two are really rare guests I heard that you asked Lin Mo to go to the Second War Zone in Kyoto Isn¡¯t this arrangement a bit too fast? You don¡¯t believe Lin Mo No This kid has outstanding abilities Of course we can rest assured But the second theater is very dangerous In addition, the Hell Cult is secretly causing trouble I'm afraid I've considered it But the hands of the Hell Cult are getting longer and longer The same disaster as ten years ago I'm afraid it's coming Lin Mo must grow up as soon as possible Only in this way can we protect ourselves in the event of a future war. and protect others if you are worried You can check the situation in War Zone No. 2 So what are you waiting for? Lin Mo is also a student of my Qianlong Academy. You have to pay attention wait for me This guy is pretty safe I didn¡¯t brush it myself It reassures us a little bit Only the fiftieth? With Lin Mo¡¯s strength It shouldn't be so low Lin Mo is very powerful But the actual combat ability Still with those old guys? There is a gap these two guys You can see it directly from here They're good Before I could finish my words, I went straight to the war zone. this mission It seems that for Lin Mo 02. 00 Still somewhat difficult 02. 00 Am I overdoing something? Just follow what I just said Let's cooperate achieve success If that doesn't work, you can retreat as soon as possible Little brother Lin Mo If we lose later Don't look back Run away immediately Never mind us Do you understand? I know Follow me I'll draw the fire Your Majesty Understand Furious Blade Its constitution is too high Can't cause any harm at all You should seize the time to make up for the damage. Fast make up monitor Can't stand it anymore Withdraw Soul Breaking Technique Why did the hell toad suddenly stop moving? it's him What are you still doing? Attack together Defeated the elite boss Hell Toad Experience plus two million Reward has been distributed we won Little brother, come here quickly Have you seen how powerful we are? Indeed wonderful i learned a lot I read that right It was definitely Lin Mo just now You just saw Lin Mo Is there an energy emanating from you? what do you mean I doubt Hell Toad suddenly stopped moving It's because Lin Mo used mental attacks No way I didn't see him take action. This Lin Mo Pretend to be a pig and eat the tiger Not simple leader The Veteran Immortal Team is ranked 46th Everyone take a five minute break Continue to farm monsters We can't let these old people pass the exam. The eight of us killed a total of forty monsters from hell. That trick just now, going straight to Huanglong, was really enjoyable. Okay, stop bragging. Finally beat that elite monster If it hadn't been convulsed halfway We have long since become a puddle of meat don't forget We also made a bet with Liu Qi and the others. The gap is a bit big ap. on That kid Liu Qi is really difficult to deal with. I'm angry but there's nothing I can do They have strength in numbers And the equipment is more luxurious than ours We can only work harder alert What's going on when I go? Is this the toad's nest? It's the smell of hell toads attracted these monsters Don't panic, everyone Try to concentrate as much as possible to break through Even if we all die I also want to send little brother Lin Mo out. Understand These veterans are really kind and kind. Then we must not let them die here Lin Mo, what are you doing? Don't go any further Beware of danger Next my fight Very handsome too Lin Mo you are still young Don't be impulsive Yes, now is not the time to pretend God level summons Slime Bull Demon monitor Have you ever seen such a big summon? I have lived for more than forty years See you for the first time today Divine Bull Shield I go monitor My physical attributes increased six times What kind of incredible skill is this? I'm numb Take action Leave no one behind We are already in the top ten I don¡¯t believe that someone named Kang can be faster than me. leader Look at the rankings of those people What's going on Someone come and explain to me I'm afraid this guy is pretending to be too big again. No need to read any more Let's go back Jumping critical hit Sorry about that I hid my strength before Lin Mo, you are so awesome This kid is indeed still so fierce Can you see the information? I just wanted to stop you It's a pity that you ran too fast Can actually kill more than 5,000 hell monsters Is this something a human can do? These old guys It must be cheating Daytime scene Suddenly it reminded me of the situation ten years ago this time Not only do we need to eliminate monsters We also need to find out those scum of the Hell Cult. That's right What happened ten years ago It can never happen again Little brother Lin Mo What's wrong nothing Lin Mo has solved so many hell monsters Must be tired Yes Let's take a rest quickly I have to continue killing monsters tomorrow. Is this how you do things? We have agreed on our daily number of casualties Keep it within one thousand Look How many died today Lord Dream Crocodile I have investigated the matter clearly All because of the human race A strange summoner appears It's almost time. So many men died It's time for me to have a taste of fresh blood Otherwise I will be upset you mean Start taking action tomorrow That's right There are enough career changers here. It¡¯s time to close the net Something's wrong Everyone, wake up what did you find Help this this What's going on Hell monsters have sealed us all in War Zone 2 We can't get out What do you mean we can't get out? meaning us Dead The sky opens What nonsense are you talking about? Why can't you rush in? Some of you here Three turns have been completed But you can't even break into the second war zone? waste Idiot It seems that I need to go there in person. why Have you tried everything? Dean level or above Send them all to me You must rush in for me Principal Our students at Kyoto University Barely entered the second theater this matter There's no need for us to be in such a hurry, right? You know shit Lin Mo is inside Hurry up and send me people to support me. Lin Mo You must come back safely I know wait for me At present it seems The Hell Cult had already planned War Zone 2 has been forcibly sealed off We can't get in Those who changed jobs can¡¯t get out either. So Job transferees trapped in the war zone Can only save myself self-help Get out of the way We just peeked Even the outskirts of the war zone All have been occupied by hell monsters And this door Has been completely blocked by hell Even if our two four-star generals join forces Can't even be broken This is unusual Can the war zone be sealed off so tightly? This is definitely not the work of ordinary hell monsters. General Xu Mo cannot take action easily. Xiang was caught by them I'm afraid It will lead to a situation like the war ten years ago Fart Ten years ago I was not afraid Ten years from now, I won¡¯t be afraid at all At worst, we'll end up in hell together. Just say a few words less Since there are many job changers in the war zone If you let them hug each other for warmth Maybe there really is a chance of survival At present it seems That's all it can do Don't worry, everyone Just give our copy monitoring bureau some time Will be able to break the barrier General Xu Mo also said the same thing Just hug each other for warmth Only in order to win this war That thing about breaking the barrier I'll leave it to your Copy Monitoring Bureau. Dear career changers We are working hard to rescue Everyone must unite fend off monsters We will try to do it within two hours Break the blockade two hours I can't hold on for a minute who can help me I'm followed by a dozen hellish monsters I'm the only one left in the team Send us the location and we'll be there right away Who knows where the number one veteran immortal team is? Let's all go with the first one Agree Boss, please cover me Everyone What do you think I agree Our team's location is here Everyone come here this Is it just you? Just a few of us Is there any problem? you mean You guys killed more than 5,000 hell monsters how is this possible Shouldn't we step into a trap? I want to go to the guild channel to avoid lightning brothers Veteran Immortal Squad They are all a group of old, weak, sick and disabled people Too outrageous This kind of team can also kill so many hell monsters Don't believe anything you say ! Li Tai bunch of idiots God is really helping me Miracle Adventure Group Unlimited Recruitment Just come Each person will receive a platinum level weapon It's not that I don't believe you Just The other party gave me too much. A bunch of wallflowers The first place winner doesn¡¯t even hug his thighs I don¡¯t know who is the idiot In the past, we and Liu Qi were farming monsters in the dungeon. This grandson Not only did they not distribute materials to us, He almost injured my brother Don't listen to Liu Qi's grandson Now I promise so well There's no telling how much bad water there is in his stomach. Understand Brother We are all willing to follow you Then let's work hard together leader Our method worked There is almost no one there in Kang Weiguo. well done Dare to go against me I let him die without a burial place But let¡¯s distribute equipment like this Will it be too cheap for them? You know shit The monsters of hell are about to surround us. We have to recruit more people do you understand what i mean Do you want Use them as a shield Just know Don't spread the word They are carrying it in front There's nothing serious about our Miracle Adventure Group. We can definitely wait for reinforcements to arrive. These hell frogmen It's a warrior monster Be careful everyone Brother How many of our brothers can be companions? I'm satisfied Us old guys die in battle It's worth it Rest assured I'm here You'll be fine Little brother Lin Mo what are you doing You guys take a break first Let me take this fight Those are hundreds of hell monsters less than a second You will be chewed up completely. Slime Shoggoth Bull Demon Ice Mage him He actually has three summons This kind of summon Never seen it before You are safe in the ice Next Just watch my performance Soul Breaking Technique This is the same as when we killed the hell toad The situation I encountered was exactly the same. It turned out that Lin Mo secretly took action Only we can win Come on Defeated Defeated Frogman Defeated Defeated Frogman Experience plus 500,000 Experience plus 500,000 Frog bond has been triggered The physical attributes of the Hell Frog Man have been increased to over 150,000 It's over. How can we fight here? I didn¡¯t expect this passive skill of Hell Toad Can be superimposed without limit Slime God-level expansion God level split Jumping critical hit like a shooting star It's too powerful, right? Brother Liu is still the best One platinum level weapon per person generous What kind of veteran immortal team? At first glance, it looks like a half-assed word. The enemy is now We must work together from among monsters Fight a bloody path Go ahead Fight a bloody path Fast brothers retreat cover team leader burning in flames Asan Ah San, you can't die I will fight with you Look quickly Why did Liu Qi and the others run away? Just be obedient and act as a shield for me. Damn it This guy sells his teammates Miracle Adventure Group You grandsons Everyone, look Veteran Immortal Squad Killed thousands more monsters We fight and retreat at the same time Immediately rush to the location of the veteran undead team Look quickly what is that so much Are they all monsters from hell? It¡¯s the summoner¡¯s summons It's the direction of the Veterans' Immortal Team. Damn it Why didn't I follow them? Stop sighing Rush quickly Eye of Heaven open What's going on The team is missing Bull Demon The sky is falling apart Abominable You are a member of the Hell Cult Let my friend go Lord Mengcrocodile is very interested in you So I entertained your friends first want to save them Just come here obediently Abominable Can't see clearly at all Looking forward to seeing you again Genius Summoner those are Lin Mo Brothers Why are you here alone? Right Where are your teammates? We are now willing to team up with you Let's go together sorry I refuse Who is this? Let's come and help him He even dragged him on Lin Mo What happened? The hell cult is targeting me Take my teammates away Hell Cult Targeting you Let's run away Don't be implicated Come on There's no hope now No matter how powerful the summoner is You can't even deal with the Hell Cult. shut up Lin Mo Brothers Dragoons I am willing to go with you to save people No need for so many people Three is enough Our captain is willing to help you good enough You still want to pick someone? The four people who had great opinions just now are here to stay. Others follow me Just what I want I don't want to die There are so many of these hell monsters We have to break out first Leave it to me Bull Demon get us out of here I go Can summons still be used like this? It hurts, it hurts, it hurts Nice job bull demon We escaped But the remaining people you regret it Situation on the battlefield ever-changing People who are greedy for life and afraid of death Not worthy of sympathy They chose the wrong path Let's go It¡¯s important to track down the hell cultists later I'll deal with the dream crocodile You give priority to finding the Hell Cultists in Sakura Country from her hand rescue my teammates Got it Captain I guess The chances of other career changers surviving this time are low. The situation in the second theater is so dangerous I'm afraid even the senior management didn't expect it. Let's go It's time for us to go in Lord Dream Crocodile I follow your instructions Deliberately leaving a large amount of energy traces lure him here well done In this way I can swallow all his summons you say How many summons does he have? There are three in total Two of them possess ancient bloodlines. Very much to your liking ancient bloodline Can double my four-dimensional attributes Much better than those stinky job changers OK You go down first Take good care of our guests Yes The four-dimensional attributes are indeed very high But This guy is actually the boss That means you can get the boss crystal after killing it. You are the mastermind behind the kidnapping of my teammates. human how did you get in All the career changers are surrounded by me. Don¡¯t you want my summons? Why don¡¯t you even know the real owner? You are Lin Mo Since you threw yourself into a trap Then I won't be polite boy I'm very interested in your three summons. hand them over I will let your companion go I want to save my companion I won¡¯t give you the summons either. You won't survive today You're a thirty-four-level brat What can you do to me? you will soon find out I originally planned to make you hand over the summons without losing any blood. But I'm in a good mood today Just like you disappeared time and space displacement This is My time and space displacement So that's it In addition to calling Other skills will be copied by him Must be resolved quickly Tentacle strangulation you forgot You are in my hallucination now what So delicious The ancient bloodline is indeed extraordinary Something's wrong This boss is a bit evil Slime You come back first Divine Bull Shield Armor of Thorns Eye of Heaven This cow is delicious too Delicious Abominable OK Can't you eat it? I'll let you eat until you're full Goblin Summoner How many treasures do you have on you? Bull Demon Skill sharing Found it Let me go Xiang Ze Your friend is dead Take care of yourself first Slime Bull Demon goblin warrior Goblin Archer Goblin Magician let me go You green bastards Get away I¡¯ll give you a taste of the magic of steel swords, bows and arrows Defeated boss level hell monster Experience value plus 800,000 Obtain boss crystal Your level has been raised to level 35 Master Mengcrocodile is dead How could this happen? You have no way to escape Surrender as soon as possible Do you think you can kill Lord Dream Crocodile? Can we get out of War Zone 2 alive? Don't even think about it Such a powerful barrier Could it have been created by ordinary people? You are in trouble What a disaster The Demon King is about to take action Even if I die I have to drag everyone with me to be buried with him. flogging this is my thing brothers help me suffer death Abominable You are so despicable Are there any despicable people in your hell religion? What inhumane things did you do back then? Have you forgotten everything? Our Xia Kingdom Dragon Riders are here Your conspiracy will never succeed. brothers Increase firepower Even if I die Don't even think about it Get out of the way She wants to die together what is this Although a bit disgusting But Fortunately, it's not life-threatening The feeling of surviving a disaster Still a little lucky self-inflicted sin Not alive this is what you want our mission Completed successfully Thank you for your hard work Go quickly The cave is about to collapse Good risk What a critical moment Attention all career changers The barrier in the second theater has been opened Report location immediately The Dragoons immediately sent people to rescue I am Liu Qi, the leader of the Miracle Adventure Group Please come to rescue quickly This grandson Really lucky Reply to Dragoon Mark our location too Yes this How could this happen? What's wrong our newsletter intercepted Could it be The devil of hell? what did you say Hell Demon Do you remember what that female ninja said? she said We are in danger Said that the devil of hell will come to seek revenge or something Be careful I feel a sense of danger Eye of Heaven open Back What a big monster So disgusting The four-dimensional attributes and skills cannot be seen Be careful Divine Bull Shield Feeling dizzy Slime Cheer up everyone Attack together Go to hell if you see the trick No way We can't see how big its physique is And it's impossible to break through its defenses. avoid If you continue to waste it like this The entire army will be annihilated It seems that we can only find a way to contain it the rest of the people get out of here Seek reinforcements I'll stay too No My military rank is higher than both of yours i stay Don't fight You all retreat I can do it alone But You stay here On the contrary, it will drag me down Send this wooden box away open seal I promise Complete the task Slime take them away This is the first time the Bull Demon has been injured God level summons Red gold blood demon enemy unit Four-dimensional properties Reduce by fifty percent God-level skill sharing Tentacle strangulation This is Forbidden skills Then I'll ban you enough God level summons Goblin Legion Divine Bull Shield Armor of Thorns Forbidden Abominable Is it over? what I go Even if you blow yourself up, you won't die Lin Mo Turns out it's you again At the time of Xia Guo¡¯s exam You ruined my good deeds today I want you to die without a burial place Unless you also have the power of hell Otherwise Just be prepared to die Who says I don't have the power of hell God level summons Hell Flame Wolf This time It's time for you to go back to hell, right? Magic Flame Curse Hell Flame Wolf Let's do a super large fireball So-so on defeated hell monster Demon King's clone no experience No drops either this situation I've encountered it before on the Tower of Deception ladder. Forget it After the war zone is blocked what do you feel It was harmful at first But as the leader I know I have responsibility on my shoulders So Immediately summon everyone to fight against the enemy together Then why is it just you? The people from the Miracle Adventure Group are still alive This is it The reason why our adventure group is still alive It's because We often do burst training It's a well-trained team Really? I don¡¯t believe it what happened What the hell is going on we call everyone and distribute equipment But the veteran immortal team Deliberately causing harm to others Everyone save us sacrificed You are good Isn¡¯t Lin Mo in the Veteran Immortal Team? he would never do that That's right That boy How could there be no resistance? Was drowned by hell monsters Everything I said is true If you don¡¯t believe me, ask Just ask a question Didn¡¯t you say that you are the only ones alive? Not good Hell's Dream Crocodile Found in War Zone Energy fluctuations with the devil's clone The Demon King's clone is twice as powerful as the Hell Dream Crocodile Lin Mo and others Is it really more dangerous? that is you are still alive sir We came back alive It's him in order to survive Use us as a shield What's going on It was Lin Mo who saved us Liu Qi betrayed everyone Caused countless companions to die on the spot Lord Warlord We are also trying to survive Please let us go let you go Are you worthy of the person you betrayed? Keep it Have you met Lin Mo? He is fighting against the Demon King's clone alone Please go to the rescue quickly Go to the northeast immediately Near the cave collapse Must rescue Lin Mo Also He asked us to bring this out There are survivors inside It¡¯s the demonic energy of the Hell Cult Open it quickly Where is little brother Lin Mo? He's still fighting in a war zone brothers follow me We have already sent people You save it, you save it we are teammates Never leave him alone Forget it let them be Reached the specified location No target found this How could this happen? Wrong Found it That kid killed the demon king's clone what Where are others? Are you injured? He waved and left Said there was still something to deal with This is the Lin Mo I know It's a pity that the blockade in the second theater is seriously damaged. I'm afraid it can't be repaired The blockade has been resolved A young man broke down the blockade Changed to a chasm and filled with lava Could it be It was Lin Mo who did it again Reward five million merit points Can increase military rank level The reward is coming so soon Little brother Lin Mo I knew you were so powerful We shouldn't have let you join the team On the contrary, it drags you down No need to say more Keep it in my heart Hope to see you again in the future Can you become famous in Xia Kingdom? thank you Is he similar to the researcher named Lin from ten years ago? you said so It seems to be true this event Because of the obstruction caused by the hell cultists War may start again Thanks to the Dragoons for providing the materials Defenses can progress quickly Actually The materials are all provided by Lin Mo Lin Mo that Freshman I heard that this time the second war zone Blocked by hell monsters Someone relies on his own strength Killed the Hell Dream Crocodile Become a clone of the Demon Lord that person He seems to be called Lin Mo too yes He was the only one from beginning to end I have a daughter Don't know will he like it Lao Wang You rob me I have twins Can you steal it? I finally reached level 30 What about you? Forget it Level 131 Still used up all the copies Results after refresh We were too lazy before That¡¯s why the gap between him and Lin Mo is getting bigger and bigger. Upgrade quickly Can't waste any more time Principal Students complete tasks too quickly The ticket to the Realm of Illusion cannot be printed. This is all because of Lin Mo Not just Qianlong Academy The entire Kyoto academy Everything has changed Before I knew it, I was already level thirty-five. I don¡¯t know the secret realm my father talked about either. when to open sorry you little thing See if I don¡¯t beat you to death Come to my place every day to steal things A guy who has no father to teach and no mother to teach wait a moment Who is it? Nosy What is this kid doing? Even if a little beggar steals something, he should be taken care of. Steal like this every day Is the boss still doing business? How much do these steamed buns cost? How You have to pay for him one hundred A steamed bun is worth a hundred This kid often steals steamed buns from my place to eat It¡¯s not too much for me to ask him for a hundred dollars, right? Take ten thousand from me I will make all his steamed buns from now on. To buy steamed buns Thank you boss Come and play often There's only so much I can do why follow me you are a good person Can you save my brother? He was almost beaten to death Just in front of the garrison camp Did the garrison take him away? The dragon pillar that increases military rank It happened to be at the garrison camp as well. It's a good idea what is your name Lin Yue Your surname is Lin OK I helped with this Really? thank you people The garrison is also one of Xia's armies. But compared to the Dragoons Less powerful If there are some scum inside Then let me help clean up the door. big or small Buy and leave Be big, be big i won Damn it How did you win again? I'm really unlucky today If you're unhappy, go vent your anger. That man was still breathing a few days ago Otherwise You dealt with him That's for the Lord Lieutenant's amusement. his temper It¡¯s not like you don¡¯t know Also I brought back a beautiful embryo before I don't know where that guy got his courage How dare you hit the lieutenant in the face? It seems that the garrison Not all of them are upright veterans like Kang Weiguo. boy What for? Promote military rank It¡¯s new today Almost no one comes to our place bring it what I don't understand this Of course it's a benefit fee. no money Why should Longzhu give you free use? That¡¯s it You thought our camp was stationed here? No expense required What if I don¡¯t give it? little thing Where do you think this is? Now that we are here It's not up to you Even the king of heaven has to lose weight I think you are not too old How old is the private? Met us officers with the rank of second lieutenant Why don't you salute? Soul Breaking Technique brother What's wrong with you him This guy is cheating on me Dare to touch us I think you don¡¯t want to live anymore today You scumbags No one can escape Soul Breaking Technique Stop purple sky cover Lieutenant is here Boy, you are today It's like hitting an iron plate To improve the military rank what's the name Lin Mo Little brother, come over and upgrade your military rank. How can you ask for money from others? Isn't this what you told me? Talk back hard little brother We are the regular army All facilities are provided free of charge for professionals Please come in Sir We don't need to be afraid of him, right? Idiot Do you know how to handle things like this flexibly in the future? This guy's outfit and age At first glance, he looks like a student from a certain university If you disappear for no reason Do you think those colleges and universities will come looking for you? you said We were careless Not good little brother do you have any questions Yes Is this your first time to upgrade your military rank? No The process should be very familiar. Let's get started Look at your age Probably the rank of Private I want to check your tent what I think you're here to cause trouble, right? Check my tent I'm afraid you don't have the qualifications, right? That¡¯s it a little private How dare you come here to act wild? If you can say a few more words, just say a few more words. Anyway, he will die later little brother Could it be that you are here to find someone? Just dropping by I'm looking for Lin Yue's brother tell you the truth He's in my tent But already half dead Only one breath left How is it If you don't, there's still nothing you can do to me. one star lieutenant Did you see it? Unless your military rank is higher than mine Maybe I'll be pressured into letting you inspect the camp But now you can't do anything Next you Like a mouse trapped in a cage Just waiting for the fate of death Whether to spend all merit points to upgrade military rank Yes Lin Mo promoted to one-star major Major him He is still so young How could it be Can I check your tent this time? what to do This guy has a higher military rank than me. If you resist That is disobeying military discipline But if he catches him, he will definitely die. What bullshit Major? Everyone must die on my territory brothers Follow me Lieutenant is right If we really let this kid check the camp tent, Our team I'm afraid I'm going to be kidnapped. Two fists are no match for four hands He's dead Go ahead Do you want to bully the few with more? I have more than a hundred people here How about just bullying you? If you have the guts, you can also call me someone. Okay, this is what you said Goblin Summoner Summon the Goblin Legion this What's going on? Help Hahaha, my scalp is going to be ripped off. So hot Help It hurts me to death To capture the thief, capture the king first Just kill him These summoned objects will naturally become ownerless objects. Lion Fist Go to hell Boxer profession The attack power seems to be okay The lieutenant succeeded This guy I must not be able to withstand this punch from the lieutenant. what Sharing joys and sorrows skills Let the damage be divided equally among all summons The Xuanjin suit also enhances four-dimensional attributes This punch doesn't even count as itchy. it's my turn Help Run quickly break Are you Lin Yue's brother? you how to know He asked me to save you live well Your brother is still waiting for you benefactor you what's the name you don't have to know Seriously These people are really beasts Yes To do such a dirty deed secretly Too abominable Sorry little brother are you okay Our bodies are strong Don't break you again Look at your thin arms and legs. He's a student, right? This little brother So strange Forget it Don't look at him Business matters This time, there was an order from above We need to round up those scum These guys are causing trouble in the countryside common people It¡¯s time to clean up boss I didn't say that The lieutenant inside is very powerful. We are not necessarily his opponents. The order given to us by the superiors this time It¡¯s simply difficult to complete. Stop whining Give us such a task It's our honor Even if you die in battle That's also glorious The boss is right OK I haven't exercised for a long time. Just take this opportunity to do some activities I go Whose handiwork is this? He actually destroyed the entire camp. Someone is alert what do you do Why are you here? The thing is like this Impossible You mean there was a young man Kill them all how young Probably eighteen or nineteen years old Do you remember his clothes? or appearance He is wearing a red coat Looks pretty and handsome hair is dark blue It's the kid I bumped into just now too tired It¡¯s so difficult to refresh the book No Lin Mo Our efficiency is at least five or six times lower You know me now Xiao Mo Mo you are back Where have you been these days? Why don't I see you? General Xu Mo gave me several tasks I'm going to complete the mission It seems our plan is about to be put on the agenda I really don¡¯t want to leave you you What do you mean? I've already contacted my dad Go back to Beijiang City Accept his devil training brother After passing the Demon Tower Ladder instance I also thought a lot as your senior Also brothers I can't hold you back Another three-year national professional competition Coming soon This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity Bai Bingbing and I also want to get a good ranking I know this I heard it is the highest level competition in Xia Kingdom The top few can go abroad for further study You can also get precious materials and generous bonuses So we decided to take some time off Do a pre-match sprint good luck to you Feed dad You can't lie to your precious daughter. Our Bai family Is there really a place where you can advance several levels at a time? Just come back with peace of mind Professional competition is very important How could dad lie to you? I just don¡¯t know if I can keep up with Lin Mo¡¯s footsteps. that little guy What level is it now? Level thirty-five Why is Lin Mo already at level 35? who is talking It¡¯s Master Liangyou He has been inquiring about Lin Mo recently Always come and annoy me Lin Mo, is he okay? Not bad You tell him Come back when you have time I invited him to drink OK I'll hang up first Goodbye So It's because of you every time To summon boss-level summons That¡¯s why I need to find a quiet place You don't want to be disturbed, do you? My profession is no secret And you are my trustworthy friend So it¡¯s okay to tell you Xiao Mo Mo Your city is really deep Just tell me this kind of thing now What you told me earlier I can tell you a better place true or false There is such a place Didn't you tell me earlier? Don't you know there is a Summoner's Club? Those are all the summoner professions in Kyoto base of creation As long as your profession belongs to the summoning category and pay a certain membership fee You can go in There is an absolutely safe space there There are also professional tutors Answer your questions There is such a place Why have I never heard of it in Beijiang City? How big a place is Beijiang? Kyoto is a big city Complex personnel There are thousands of summoners alone I sent you the location Thank you Lin Mo It's time for us to go wait for me to come back Before leaving, I ate a mouthful of dog food. Your kid is so happy too new arrival Stop looking Hurry up and continue talking About the Challenger Competition There is a guy The faces of the three major families were swollen. What do you think his occupation is? Warrior or Assassin Or a mage It's all wrong, it's the summoner like us How is it possible Academy Challenge is a one-on-one challenge Isn¡¯t our weakness that our attributes are too low? So he is very strong If you really see this big guy I must get a signature Hello are you here to join the club? That's right According to regulations I need to check your professional information boss summoner Not the same as others Look, it¡¯s Zhang Jian Mr. Zhang, you are here How There's a new person coming again Yes I've never seen it before Whatever he is Prepare a room for me first A room that can withstand level five summoning energy I want to use Level 5 Your summons are getting stronger again Oh, what's this? Just for summons Just injected with some alchemical potions Oh my god Alchemical potions are expensive And it requires powerful summons to withstand the side effects. As expected of Mr. Zhang The room is ready You can just go there Oh He's quite knowledgeable. Zhang Shao is really handsome If only he liked me too Can you apply for membership first? Sorry This new boy is quite handsome too. But his strength is definitely not as good as Mr. Zhang¡¯s. Is there any problem? Nothing, nothing I'll handle it for you right now Lin Mo This name seems familiar I seem to have heard it somewhere Pay another membership fee of one thousand gold coins You can just use what we have here VIP room summoned black card I didn¡¯t expect that he was also a rich man OK You can now use the Club's Summon Room So Are there any level restrictions on the summoned rooms? yes An ordinary summoner like you Level 2 or below is fine Wait until your summons become more powerful Then you can use a room with a stronger structure. Oops long time no see love love you have grown up again what We just met yesterday I'm not talking about age. hate Open a second-level room for us brothers I want to try new summons Go on the 3rd Dude First time here? Do you want to come together? No need I like to be quiet Are there any rooms here that are higher than level 10? what Did I hear it right? Higher than level ten There is only a room dedicated to Mr. Wang. You just joined the club We can only provide you with rooms of the third level at most. If the room cannot withstand the summoned energy What should I do? Our club will be responsible for all consequences Dude This room is not as fragile as you think Feel relieved This is the first time I've seen such a conceited person. Can you really withstand the destructive power of my summons? I hope this big crocodile don't let me down God level summons Mr. Zhang activated the fifth-level room his summons Basically, they are captured from abyss level copies. Summon Show up Nunu Orcs Wow, so strong He is worthy of being a summoner that even Teacher Wang would praise. It seems that after the next injection of medicine Even a fifth-level room won¡¯t be able to accommodate me. Mr. Zhang is so handsome wow You are the glory of our summoner Don't hold back the summoner. I don't want to give up the name of Summoner destroyed in your hands We must work hard I'll collapse if I go here Who is this guy? The third-level room collapsed Sorry Can you help me change a room? you said It¡¯s not my fault if the room can¡¯t bear it This house cost more than three million yuan to build. Then a room on the fifth level should be fine, right? This guy Do you want to use the same room as Mr. Zhang? A new one A fourth-level room is enough But the rooms on Level 1 and Level 4 can¡¯t bear it either. cut If he can really destroy the fourth-level room I compensate Cost of building a fourth-level room It should be at least five million gold coins or more. Zhang Shaowei Of course I can afford to pay just five million This kid looks so weak I don't believe he can be stronger than me Such a good opportunity I must pretend to be big In this case Then I would rather be respectful than obey your orders. God level summons again Exploded again This guy Can you help me open a higher level one? Brother Lin Mo Hasn't your summon been summoned yet? yes Not summoned yet The room exploded Mr. Zhang, look Open it for him That To be on the safe side Go to the tenth level room Where does this person come from? I have a hunch He may be stronger than Mr. Zhang It is indeed the best room Just different It's just the first time I've been watched like this I¡¯m really not used to it. Right My summons won't be exposed, right? Don't worry If someone else's privacy is revealed without permission The consequences will be very serious That's good good luck to you Summon Hell Dream Crocodile What on earth did this guy summon? Is he really stronger than Zhang Jian? Abominable These wallflowers okay okay okay This guy didn't blow up Mr. Wang's room. Jiao Ai Ai You are such a crowmouth I go this What on earth is this? And there are two This guy is a bit too strong, right? It turns out that it comes with a clone skill No wonder there are two at once receive It's over The room was trashed Mr. Wang will scold me to death I remembered Lin Mo Academy Challenge It's him Challenged three major families No wonder it's so fierce what is going on Mr. Wang, you are finally here Lin Mo¡¯s summons are too powerful Your room was washed away I don't know what to do now I just collected his membership fee of one thousand gold coins. Blood loss What summons did he summon? Didn't see clearly Looks like two guys that look like crocodiles I have studied for many years I¡¯ve never seen a summoned creature that looks like a crocodile. But recently I heard that A man named Hell dream crocodile monster Very powerful But never seen it with my own eyes I don¡¯t know what the strength is Who is Lin Mo? It's him Such a young summoner No matter how strong you are, how strong can you be? room collapse must be related to other reasons There are cracks here It's a crack left a long time ago Wang Lao do you mean Lin Mo didn't collapse this room. Although this room has ten levels But it has been used for too long It¡¯s time to rebuild As for this new little brother Don't panic either You don¡¯t need to bear these costs Thank you But the fourth-level room was indeed broken by you Release the summons and let me take a look wow Can get advice from Mr. Wang Maybe later Even more powerful than Zhang Jian Will you still use it later? He is the No. 1 challenger It¡¯s clear that he is much stronger than Zhang Jian That strong feeling comes again Master you see How can you help me plan a strengthening route? Are you the one In the second theater The young man who defeated the Hell Dream Crocodile and the Demon King's clone That's right I've heard about your deeds Come, come, come Put away the summons Today Let's not talk about this Didn¡¯t you say you wanted to give me some guidance? I am a hidden profession I can't find a dedicated tutor no no no Available It's up to you to guide me. Actually I've long wanted to get a hell monster as a pet. Just never succeeded Any tips? I can't teach you my skills. What the hell What did Mr. Wang just say? It seems that I want to ask Lin Mo for advice on how to capture hell monsters. It's simply the opposite of Tiangang Zhang Shao That fourth-level room You said you would be responsible for compensation Still counting? Of course I, Zhang Jian, am not short of this little money. Abominable Not only did it not install Throw away millions in vain Little brother Just teach me the techniques for catching monsters from hell. If you don't teach me Old man, I won¡¯t get up. Go slow, boss Come and sit here often from now on what to do Why don't you go to training quickly? This summoner club Just a bunch of weird guys Lin Mo I'm already home I must prove myself in the professional competition See you in eight days This girl So motivated Xiao Mo Mo You really make me feel like you're following me Our Professionals Competition Let's decide the outcome That being the case Then I can't fall behind Who is this? hello Which one Is it Lin Mo? I am Dai Gao Do you still remember me? Director Dai What's the matter? I have something important to tell you A secret realm appears on the outskirts of Kyoto what father said It actually came true are you listening you said You can enter the secret realm at eight o'clock tomorrow morning This dungeon is very suitable for job changers from level 35 to level 39. Must come Thank you, Director Dai I know The principal and dean were present at the same time Something big is happening. I guess someone made a big mistake. Principal Zhang Yin Lao why are you here Waiting for you specially Been waiting for a long time I go The principal and dean became buddies with Lin Mo. It doesn't look like it Lin Mo was obviously forced Did Dai Gao contact you? Are you sure you want to go? I'll just say it okay okay okay Lin Moya Although the secret realm is difficult this time But the harvest is also great both of us Actually there is something I want to ask you for help What's the ink? Is there anything bad to say about my students? What's going on with you two? Might as well just say it Lin Mo Do you know about the professional competition? I know something Professional Competition Colleges are needed Provide precious materials Create handcrafted equipment As an additional reward for the competition This is also related to the ranking of the college The rewards the academy offers are more generous The higher the status of the college How many materials are needed This is it Any nightmare-level precious material Tens of thousands of copies will be enough tens of thousands copies Do you want to exhaust Lin Mo to death? How can I have The secret realm is different from the copy The monsters there are more difficult to deal with I see you clearly want him to die in the secret realm Don't spit on others with your mouth. Are you done arguing? Lin Mo You do what you can A few thousand is never too little Tens of thousands is not too much Just don't be tired Don't worry I have my own sense of proportion Right The highest level in the professional competition is thirty-nine Don't go overboard when you're happy. Got to know Principal Zhang What to look at I don¡¯t want to stay in the academy anymore Run away quickly Otherwise the principal will send There are loopholes there It must be repaired before eight o'clock Yes Lin Mo Why did you come so early? After all, this kind of thing Better sooner rather than later Ten minutes left The entrance to the secret realm is about to open You must be the first to get in. Otherwise, wait until the coordinates are made public The competition is huge Don't worry But Director Dai How was this secret realm formed? According to our investigation These are fragments of the continent left behind tens of thousands of years ago There were no cities then So this is an area untouched by humans. A continent that no human has ever set foot on I don't know what treasure is hidden there Don't even know Father is in this continent what was left for me Report to the Director The vulnerability has been fixed Professionals can enter normally good Treasures in the secret realm Take as much as you can Don't give others the advantage Especially those job-changers from foreign countries I try my best good Go quickly good luck to you Pig Deer Secret Realm What's this name? Why are you so eloquent? Forget it Let¡¯s go in first here is safe zone It seems that the entrance to the secret realm is right there. We should be the first team, right? Take the time to work Try not to leave treasures for those behind you That's necessary Hey Why is there someone earlier than us? Dare to steal the spotlight from our titanium alloy team I'm going to teach him a lesson right now Wait He brushes slowly by himself It¡¯s different from our route Don't cause trouble Captain Jiang You are just too soft-hearted If this goes on Sooner or later we will suffer losses Why is there also a gold-fishing rat from Xia State here? So disgusting Wherever there is a secret realm, there are them Ridiculous The little mice in Xia Kingdom seem to be angry He's been glaring at us Not afraid They dared to stare twice But I never dare to take action Who are you talking about? On the territory of Xia Kingdom Dare to be presumptuous I'm talking about you The rat spirit of Xia Kingdom How If you don't agree, come and have a fight. Looking for death Captain, are you okay? It's okay you are Soul Master Quite knowledgeable Dare I ask your name? Kitagawa Shuichi Level 35 soul master I admit that you have strong personal abilities But everyone comes to the secret realm to get materials. Why not give it a try See who can brush the most materials OK I will decide on Sakura Country How could you be afraid of a bunch of little mice from your Xia Kingdom? Oops captain I really want to beat him up and vent my anger He is so mean Don't worry Head-to-head confrontation is not our strong point. As long as you get more materials than them in the secret realm You can also slap them in the face Xia Guo team Come on, fuck the little cherry blossoms The Titanium Alloy Gold Hunting Team is a famous gold fishing team in Kyoto. Will definitely win The energy of these people is really strong. Nightmare level Unexpectedly There's a different world here God level summons The attributes of this secret monster It's really pitiful. Tentacle strangulation Successfully killed the wild boar in the Pig Deer Secret Realm Experience plus 600,000 The materials are also pitiful Let's go deeper and take a look. this sound There are monsters nearby No wonder it¡¯s called the Pig-Deer Secret Realm. It turns out there are so many wild monsters hiding there. good guy These are all reinforced The attributes are much higher than those of the previous wild boar. Eyes open What's on this stream is energy fluctuations Is it because of this The monster has been strengthened to such an extent Then let¡¯s accept the experience here first Let's check the source of energy again. God level summons Goblin Summoner Leave it to you Clean out all the monsters here Divine Bull Shield Armor of Thorns gain experience Rare materials Is that what these materials are all about? It can be done now The tasks assigned by Principal Zhang and Mr. Yin Why is there no sound? Finished it so quickly That's not right Aren¡¯t the monsters in the secret realm refreshed regularly? All monsters are gone Shouldn't my hands slip for a moment? Just wipe out all the monsters in the entire nightmare secret realm. I can't control that much anymore Let¡¯s first go to the source of the energy fluctuations Maybe what my father said is there Captain Jiang fights for Xia Guo¡¯s success Don't be embarrassed That's necessary On brushing dungeons and secret realms Our titanium gold fishing team has never been afraid How to say Do you dare to enter the nightmare level secret realm? What's there to be afraid of? Our titanium alloy gold fishing team Never clear low-level secret realms good It's decided Let¡¯s see who kills the monster last Take a lot of materials Strange Where have all the monsters gone? Captain what should we do now What else can be done Let's look again You can¡¯t leave empty-handed, right? Abominable Who on earth wiped out all the monsters? Are those sewer rats brushed out in advance? Hum How is it possible Let's keep looking Maybe those monsters All hidden The energy comes from behind this door Father's ID card Could it be This card is related to the stone gate It actually opened Oops What are you doing? Almost hammered me to death See what you see Is your father Lin Shu? Guess I can tell from your expression that you are his son You two look quite similar, right? Pretty much the same Isn't this nonsense? Can a biological father and a biological son be different? cut If it weren't for your father I would have beaten you to death a long time ago Your dad made a deal with me Let me be your summon for a while Say it first only temporarily you What kind of monster is it? monster you little doll Don't even know me listen up I am the famous damage-free beast Damageless beast The teacher mentioned That's a wilderness of habitat The top monster with immortality Isn¡¯t it shocking? listen to your dad you are the summoner Don't know What kind of weak summons have you collected? It's goblin More Lyme Or something as ordinary as a tauren This guy really got it right. It's just that my summons are different from what he thought. Look at your reaction It seems I was right. You have my summons Just have some fun I'm very demanding I want to be the boss your summon You must obey my orders You discuss it with them If they agree It doesn't matter to me either I will beat anyone who disobeys Stop talking nonsense Take me in quickly So that I can complete the mission assigned by your father But I don¡¯t know how to capture skills How can I make you my pet? What Are you kidding me? Doesn't capture skills Then how did you collect the other summons? Very simple get rid of them You can summon it Get lost I won't let you kill him and You can't kill me either Got it I can make a blood pact with you So I can be of use to you I can also live in your summoning space at ordinary times. There is also this method ok Then do as you say How can I cooperate with you? Fuse your blood with mine We can make a blood contract now Say the contract spell with me I am willing to be with the harmless beast Make a blood contract from now on Regardless of life, old age, illness or death Regardless of whether the sea is dry or the stone is ruined we all want to be together never separate Are you sure this is a blood contract spell? This is obviously a wedding vow, right? What are you doing? Read the oath quickly Ah scared Recite the contract spell I am willing to be with the harmless beast Make a blood contract from now on Regardless of life, old age, illness or death Regardless of whether the sea is dry or the stone is ruined we all want to be together never separate Blood contract completed The damageless beast has become your summon Wait Your four-dimensional attributes Why is the physique completely empty? Why are you still peeking into other people's privacy? I don¡¯t even know what my attributes are There is such a thing Don't worry so much Call out all your summons quickly I want to defeat them one by one you OK Of course Stop inking ok Slime Come out It's really slime Lin Shu¡¯s son is nothing more than this. boy Where are you messing around? I will cover you from now on you You are the slime ancestor Shoggoth You don¡¯t follow martial ethics I don't believe it Each of your summoned beasts are so strong Get another one OK This is what you said Who said you want to be my old lady? This is Bull Demon you you Did you hear it wrong? Fast Go back and have a rest. Shoggoth Bull Demon Could it be that you took all the mythical beasts in the Classic of Mountains and Seas Have you received them all? Almost You actually let me follow you Your summons are all so strong What a fool I am here. What to be the boss I'm ruined This damageless beast Purely a second-rate person This nightmare-level secret realm There's nothing left to brush off Let's go Just leave Anyway, I don¡¯t want to work hard anymore. Lin Mo You figured it out Something big happened What's wrong, Director Dai? All the monsters in the nightmare-level secret realm are gone Didn't you find it inside? These job changers are gathered here They are just trying to cause trouble for our copy monitoring bureau. Especially the one from Sakura Country They are clamoring for us to give an explanation. Your Xia Kingdom Will it work? There are no monsters in the secret realm at all What else is there to compare with? I can't compare with you. Otherwise, I'll open a scene Let's fight directly I don't have time to play with you I am now immediately I¡¯m going to clear the secret realm soon If there are no monsters in the secret realm this time I'll tell the whole world You, Xia Guo, are all liars sewer rat Don't touch your nose Scholars can be killed Not to be insulted Then you Go to hell He is the soul master Captain how are you deceive Too much The weak and the strong this is the rule You Xia people Don¡¯t you even understand this? These little bastards I don¡¯t care which country he is from Beat him first and then talk Wait a minute I'd better do it You are the director of the Kyoto Copy Monitoring Bureau Come forward in person to argue with the job transferee from Sakura Country Wouldn¡¯t it lose the style of the Xia Kingdom? I understand But when I saw the arrogant faces of those guys in Sakura Country, I just can't control myself Is that okay? A bunch of sewer rats Do you still dare? Fight with me I'll come Level 37 Second-turn rare profession Iron Shield Wings Zhou Hongguo Come for advice Another one Taking the initiative to die Then I'm kind Give you a ride Come on kill him suffer death I give it to you The last three seconds to survive How could it be This way him He is so strong Before the opponent can get close, waste You dare to fight with me? Job transferee from Xia Kingdom It's all rubbish What qualifications do you have to clamor? This is the territory of Xia Kingdom Please get out You Xia people What a tough guy That's it Do you like being humiliated in public? I let you go Can't you understand people? little brother Don't be impulsive He is the Soul Master of Sakura Kingdom Can directly attack the soul You can't bear it This time He's going to be finished too Since you want to die too Then I will make it happen for you Tranquility what My sorcerer why it doesn't work I go This guy is awesome He actually withstood the soul attack, Finally someone can subdue Sakura Let him be arrogant again this you you you Have you used up your sorcerer? Then try mine Soul Breaking Technique Don't stop Remembered This is the end of your arrogance in Xia Kingdom You are the soul master Not really How is it possible Then you What is the profession? Summoner what a summoner How could it be possible to master the skills of a soul-killing master? Just blow it Even if you beat me I will also tell everyone There is not a single monster in your secret realm of Xia Kingdom. Let all career changers around the world see it How ridiculous you are Are you talking about a nightmare-level secret realm? Sorry monster there I cleared it this is the evidence So there is no problem at all in the secret realm All this was done by Lin Mo It was he who brought all the monsters in the nightmare-level secret realm All cleared How on earth is it done? this guy Still so perverted Now the truth is revealed Isn't it my subordinates who are doing the work? There is a sixth child this This is a nightmare-level secret realm There are less than tens of thousands of monsters in it How is it possible such a short time It will all be destroyed what should we do now There is an old saying in the Xia Kingdom Thirty-six strategies The best thing to do is to take action Can't beat Can't run yet? You are cruel Didn¡¯t you look awesome just now? Why are you so timid now? They say that we Xia people are sewer rats Do you just want to leave like this? I just left What can you do to me? Can you stop it? Although there are many people changing jobs in Xia State here, But I still have a space escape charm Save your life No problem Play wildly in Xia Kingdom¡¯s territory Still want to escape unscathed It seems that Lin Mo will not let Kitagawa Shuichi go. Even if it's you It can't stop me either So what if you can teleport? You still can't stop me Goodbye to you Abominable It's a space teleporter This way they can move thousands of miles away in an instant These little cherry blossoms As expected, treacherous It's a pity After all, it couldn't be stopped. It's too early to be happy God-level skill sharing Open the samsara eye What's going on Got there so quickly Why are you back? Are you still running? Don't come here brother It was my fault before I apologize Just begging for mercy now Don't you know you are wrong I know I'm going to die God-level skill sharing Super large fireball end So handsome I can only say that Lin Mo is so handsome This is a real man Lin Mo The senior officials of Sakura Country will definitely order an investigation into this matter. You can't stay long It doesn't matter One person does things and one person is responsible If people from Sakura Country want to find me, just come. However Do they have the life to go back? It's hard to say I understand But it's best not to leave any clues Otherwise it will be very troublesome later Anyway, the secret realm has been cleared. Got everything that should be taken good Then I'll leave first Walk slowly The secret realm was refreshed after twenty-four hours. Come back when you have time This matter It¡¯s really hard to stress But for Lin Mo I can only bite the bullet and do it. Listen to me all What happened today Who dares to reveal a word ends of the earth I also ripped off his head Do you understand? Understand, understand In addition There may be high-level questions recently If I ask you whether you have met Lin Mo How to answer No Never seen Can't answer that way There are entry and exit records in the secret realm You want to say Never noticed What if you ask me if I have never met Kitagawa Shuichi? this Of course, I still said I didn¡¯t notice it. In short What happened today has never happened Do you understand? Anyway, anyone who asks will tell you Don't know Not sure Never seen it, didn¡¯t pay attention As long as the job changer doesn¡¯t let go I have my own way of dealing with the higher-ups. Hello I just heard about this too OK Understand Must cooperate with the investigation seriously Do you think Lin Mo can complete this mission? It's not you who decided for him The goal of tens of thousands of materials I want to tire my child to death In order to share Lin Mo¡¯s pressure The entire Kyoto Academy and Qianlong Academy Everyone is mobilized Then we may not necessarily Do you need to use secret realm materials to build equipment? You know shit How much competition pressure was there in the past years? Ordinary copy materials have long been ruined. Anyway I believe in Lin Mo Come in Report to the principal Dean Our team that brushes materials is back Great gain Come on Let them in quickly Don't have high hopes The materials they brushed Eighty percent of them are not competitive. less verbose Hurry up and count the materials with me Come one by one Pour all the brushed materials here. These are the materials for brushing from level 35 to level 38 abyss dungeons Especially this mortal best Number of people who brushed their accounts Must be controlled within six people Only then can it fall The six little ones went to brush the abyss level dungeon. Awesome, man Sprinkle water hundreds of materials Not enough to fill the gap between teeth you They are all top students from Qianlong Academy. Just that much ability this Just say a few words less The kids have worked hard Just get used to them Your dean is not in a good mood today Don't take it to heart continue continue Sure enough Want to distance yourself from other universities Rely on this material It's not enough Very little quality material use these equipment other schools Afraid of making fun of us as paper tigers Isn¡¯t this also Lin Mo? What are you afraid of? I usually give you so many resources Some people are lazy Now is the time to employ people It embarrasses me How many of you Go back and brush up the copy quickly Not upgraded twice within a week Just get out of the academy two levels This is too much How feel wronged Cultivation is not for me It's for your own sake Job transferees of the same level How many can brush so many materials? what did you say Do you feel that you have been wronged? Report to the dean What we are doing is an abyss level copy. Already very strong at the same level you Still too young You guys don't know how to push limits Your professions are all legendary The potential is much more than that What do you say? How much is too much? good Then I'll tell you The task I assigned to Lin Mo is Wan Qiqi No matter how strong Lin Mo is Thousands of precious materials It's almost impossible you are finally here back How was the secret harvest this time? Not too good did not meet expectations Yes Did you encounter any difficulties? Encountered a small thing But it's been solved Just solve it It doesn¡¯t matter if the materials are not enough We still have time to crowdfund Dean said to Lin Mo and us It¡¯s just two attitudes Does Mr. Yin have any leverage in Lin Mo's hands? Take a sip of water first Take a break We will discuss the matter of materials in the long term. Not enough I can actually brush more I was just delayed by something this This, this, this this that's what he said Not very satisfied this Mountains of top quality materials Treasure materials flowed into the sea What kind of bike do you want? We were so boastful just now I didn't expect to be slapped in the face so quickly now Do you still have any opinions? No, no, no Just have no opinion Why don't you hurry up and go back to practice? Got it these little guys Actually it's pretty good Not bad How to compare with Lin Mo? Lin Mo Thanks to you this time nothing But the points and gold coins that should be given still have to be given. Materials: 500 gold coins each The best three thousand This is already a friendly price Not yet
= 1
2 It¡¯s almost 200 million gold coins. that Because of our friendship It still costs money Are you thinking in vain? How can there be such a good thing in the world? Aren't we friends? Up to 40% off Don't talk about friendship Check out quickly what to do Then buy it Don¡¯t let the rich water go to outsiders? After the discount, put a zero Is 110 million okay? deal cool That's okay I'll leave first wait a moment Don¡¯t forget about the professional competition in eight days¡¯ time Be sure to control the level Got it, got it Since the level doesn¡¯t need to be raised so quickly, Then let¡¯s strengthen the summons first. Don't know about this competition What kind of opponent will you encounter? It¡¯s really exciting Start blood tracing The ancient bloodline of goblins is actually fallen elves I remember when I looked up information before It seems I saw an elf copy in the suburbs Lu Fei What do you want from me? The adventure group has a title mission You need to lead the team to complete it There will be additional buffs after successful completion. OK Then meet the adventure group tomorrow repair my most beloved apprentice I will definitely avenge you The one named Lin Mo I want him to know Job changers in Sakura Country are not to be trifled with. Value Partners heavenly being I want you within three days get rid of him I already remember his face Must complete the task If failed I commit seppuku go ahead the road here It's not easy to leave Not bad this black tower Provides us with a good place to practice Currently, career changers from level 15 to level 25 are allowed to spawn monsters. After our research As long as you collect materials, you can upgrade the black tower. and expand the range of levels that can be entered Not bad with it The speed of team growth It won't be slow There is the mission collection office and material exchange office. Can be redeemed with contribution points Material We will regularly put them on the auction house who is he Even the leader respects him so much who knows Maybe it's the investor who came to invest. Stop guessing This is the big boss of our chasing ink adventure group The big boss behind the scenes true or false how do you know You don¡¯t know this, right? Captain Lu used to be a member of the small league Later he was fired When you are down Meet this big boss Give him a sum of money directly Created Zhuimo How much was given A whole billion Really rich and powerful This is where team members form groups and upgrade Title missions can also be selected here. Do you think it's okay? I've chosen this team for you If you don't like it, you can choose it yourself It would be the same for anyone If the mission hadn't forced a three-person team I just brushed it alone Introduce yourself first My name is Xiaotian twenty-one years old Level 19 rare profession monster tamer Summoner branch My name is Xiao Xian'er twenty-one years old Level 19 rare profession White doctor's hand pastor branch Turns out to be a summoner Similar to my profession Let's go Just follow me on this mission Be sure to pay attention to safety Got it Death is worth it Those two are the treasures of the group. Usually held in the palm of Commander Lu's hand This time I go out with the big boss When I come back, my value will definitely increase again. Recently it has been the peak period for adventure groups to receive title quests. So you need to queue up This time, you can choose one of ten copies. The higher the difficulty, the better the title bonus. Take a look Which one do we choose? Elf's Nest What a coincidence big boss How about we also choose the grassland? I heard it¡¯s cost-effective low difficulty The title gain is also strong Choose this one big boss This copy is extremely difficult No one has passed so far Not selected by everyone by default little brother You are also the leader No In this copy of Elf's Nest, dogs are not selected. no one can pass And the title mission can only be selected once I advise you to be cautious Which group are you in? Do you want to join our durian fruit group? we just started But the prospects are definitely good Do you know the Chai Mo Adventure Group? It¡¯s been in the limelight recently We were founded on their model Absolutely reliable This leader Can you stop talking nonsense? We are from the Chai Mo Adventure Group. And this is our big boss Impossible How could he be so young? Now You still don¡¯t believe it? you Successfully selected copy Elf's Nest What idiot chose Elf's Nest? Don't you want the title? They are from the Chasing Mo Adventure Group. That dark horse adventure group Choose a copy like this that no one can pass I see Even a dark horse has to capsize That's right There is a saying called Hui Yitian Look, they are all still children. big boss Do we really want to clear Elf's Nest? This strange look I've long been used to it Let's go The task has been completed OK It's quite quiet here Nervous Yes a little Have a chat if you feel nervous In fact, there is nothing to be ashamed of by brushing the copy. The elves also use the power of elements Similar to the devil snake in the magic tower ladder I have my own way to deal with it Chasing Ink Adventure Group Choose nightmare level Dungeon copy The big boss directly chooses the nightmare level You really don¡¯t play by the rules. If I can go back safely this time Even if the incense is burned But it's a nightmare As for such a big reaction? big boss us I have never played a nightmare dungeon. What's more There are only three of us now Let's go You don¡¯t need to do the copy later. Call you to come It¡¯s just to gather the number of people Gather the number of people Is this outright disgust? take it easy This big boss has a weird temper But you can create such a powerful adventure group There must be two brushes That's all it can do This is the elf Is this the power of a nightmare-level monster? So strong Yes It¡¯s almost the same as our four-dimensional attributes. It would be very troublesome for one person to deal with one. But there are more than a dozen here Just step aside, you two. It's okay, big boss Although we are not strong But it can also help you share some of the burden Summon Goblin Bombardier This is my tamed elite summon His fourth-dimensional attributes are higher than mine. Really no need I can do it alone These elves can only be defeated with elemental skills Goblin Bombardier It's of no use at all Since the big boss is sure Let's not make any more trouble I'm really looking forward to the battle process of the big boss. God level summons Hydra I am a goblin in front of nine giant pythons Not even enough for a meal It's better to put it away quickly He actually swallowed it directly This is too beautiful, right? Successfully killed the Wind Elf Experience plus 20,000 flash sale This is too strong, right? Is this the strength of the boss? Really can't compare hold Wait until the copy is finished You two can almost do it alone The equipment drop rate is so low It would be nice to get a set together this time. The big boss actually said he wanted to get two sets together keep up There should be other groups of elves ahead. big boss There's something wrong with the wind The durability of equipment decreases very quickly Eyes open Nice properties And it¡¯s ownerless There is only the Wind Elf King in front can capture Can you still persist? Yes can capture Where is it? Of course I can persist follow me big boss this Can we beat this? How will you know if you don't try? Wind Elf King The attributes are so high Can still fly If you can get it You can replace the goblins But there are too many big boss How about we complete the title mission first? It's too dangerous here No need You guys wait here I'll come back as soon as I go Big boss him Someone rushed in Do we want to help? It seems that it is not needed anymore Successfully killed the Wind Elf Experience plus 20,000 big boss little fairy Ready to add blood We can't watch the big boss take risks alone Yes My physical attributes have already exceeded 10,000 This attack is like tickling Bull Demon come out Divine Bull Shield Just now Bull Demon Godox Shield Lock Got it under control The big boss is in control Too awesome Command two summons at the same time to coordinate with you Come and catch me I'm coming this is my new summon capture give me receive No It resists too strongly I can't control it Be careful when starting Don't hurt it too badly Wow This trick really works Continue quickly Just a little bit closer Capture success The Wind Elf King has become a summoned object into Successful Congratulations, Xiaotian Too strong This property More than ten times stronger than my goblin bombardier I¡¯ve almost collected the elf skins. move on Complete title quest big boss thank you Just convenient Let's go This one It seems that I can¡¯t capture it. Lord level monster rarely caught That would be much easier Divine Bull Shield So strong This is more powerful than the Wind Elf King Too strong Lord level monster They are no match at all Successfully kill the Elf Lord of Wind and Fire Experience plus five million Get the Elf Set and Staff Platinum level weapons Also Complete gold set This staff is suitable for a priest Here you go give me Xiaoguan has a summoned object Of course this equipment is yours I need a bowl of water to balance it Thanks Thank you big boss The copy is passed It's time to go back Good look They are the three people who just chose Elf's Nest Come out so soon It must have failed I'll hand in the task Chasing Ink Adventure Group Dungeon copy wait a moment you Choose nightmare level time one hour and one minute Five hours ahead of schedule No Impossible Elf's Nest Nightmare Level Clear the level in one hour they're really done Five hours ahead of schedule Your task is confirmed to be completed Title rewards will be issued to you now Sixty percent improvement OK Thirty percent elemental power and resistance I will no longer be afraid of elemental monsters Elemental gain title Such a high percentage If I had known I would have chosen Elf's Nest Fast We also choose Elf's Nest Wait Everybody line up Come one by one It's too noisy here follow me Good Lin Mo Brothers Got the title great Now the whole group got it Basic gain of elemental magic title Although only ten percent But it¡¯s also very strong leader We both have 30% Let¡¯s have a meal together tonight to celebrate No need I haven't collected all the materials yet. This little brother It really comes and goes like the wind. So handsome How could he capture such a powerful summon? This staff is not ordinary either. you don't know He is also a summoner His summons are a hundred times stronger than this one Oh my God Wouldn't the big boss be able to beat us all? strange Why didn¡¯t I find the magician¡¯s fragment and the inheritance stone? Brother Do you want goods? This is a good thing that is absolutely not available on the market. Philosopher's Stone Fragment Know the goods I'll give you two thousand gold coins a piece. Forget it, it's too expensive Don't go The price is negotiable How much do you plan to pay? two hundred You robbed Minimum one thousand how many do you have two hundred tablets If you want it all Two hundred thousand gold coins deal But first you have to tell me where you got it this This is the secret of our gold fishing team three million I want to buy out this material point You don't have to take risks anymore You can also get money all at once how three three three million Brother You are good at doing business But we also have our own plans The difference between eating for a lifetime and eating for a day We can still make it through What do you mean You pay one million gold coins We'll take you to the next few copies But I can¡¯t tell you the exact location. the whole process you have to cover your eyes OK The boss is grand You have to pay a deposit of 200,000 first Arrived at the place Pay the rest Two hundred thousand gold coins received Thank you boss How offended Brother Arrived Let's go Our boss is waiting for you over there Kuroko Let you sell goods Why did you bring someone here? Just wait here boss This person is good I know Brother There's room over there brothers Our first money Earned Really? great I said I would make everyone rich I will never break my promise Cheers This little brother Is our first big customer in one breath Gave us one million gold coins one million How long will it last for us? This guy is so rich Let's download the copy together tomorrow Get enough materials for my little brother good No need I can do it alone You don't need to follow Brother This is an undeveloped copy extremely dangerous Are you sure you want to go alone? You keep the money I'll do it myself Isn't this bad? Since customers have said so OK then Everyone, go to bed early Be strong tomorrow Full firepower A cav Lin Mo Can die in my hands it's your pleasure boss I'm sure I saw it clearly His card is black and gold one million gold coins He paid without blinking an eye. I guess he's Kari Said there are still millions It's best to lie to young people like this Little social experience Pure like a piece of white paper He is probably a descendant of some aristocratic family. In this wilderness Even if I kill him No one knows boss If you do too much injustice, you will surely die. Do we really want to do this? Full of jingles You guys want to take the postgraduate entrance examination? Black brother Aren't I thinking about us? Don¡¯t you often say Do what you do and love what you do Fuck you Can't I change my career now? Being a thief is much better than being a gold digger. shut up Since everyone wants to vote for this Then don¡¯t delay I think this guy is young No matter how high the level is, there are limits Two fists are no match for four hands We old guys Can't fuck him alone The boss is right Rather than letting him die in the dungeon tomorrow Why don't we give him a ride first? I agree OK Then listen to the boss Walk softly Don't make a sound what Could it be that he had noticed it already? Hire a bodyguard Abominable The people of Xia are indeed insidious and cunning However Do you think people like this can stop me? This is blood Someone attacked Who is it? Something comes out This place is so secretive How could anyone know Damn it Got fooled by this kid The guy in the tent is with this female assassin. one as bait A touch route Want to occupy our copy Too insidious What to do now Get rid of this female assassin first You are indeed Lin Mo's bodyguards It seems A fierce battle is inevitable Go to hell Advanced Ninjutsu Misty Fantasy Not good Don't look at those lights Lao Hei Take our brothers away I'm behind boss what do you do What's going on Why are you still fighting? Isn't she yours? People from Sakura Country I didn't expect you to be so alert Even me, a veteran killer, admires me However Your bodyguard is so lousy This is not my bodyguard what Then why are they ghosting Piao Chong outside your camp? little brother It¡¯s not that we are unkind It's because you have too many gold coins on you One person can't spend all the money We help you spend your time Sorry Unexpectedly Everyone is of the same mind After killing Lin Mo I will compensate your brother We Sakura people are very concerned about the spirit of contract. We Xia people are also generous Compensation is not necessary Just leave the body to me Dispose of it casually I just want him to die you How about we sit down and have a cup of tea and discuss it further? Deal with this kid That's enough for our gold-fishing team Just stand by and watch, okay? brothers Fuck me Soul Breaking Technique It hurts too much My head is going to explode. kill me Want to die I'll help you Not bad Relying on this ability to severely damage the soul You can indeed kill Kitagawa Shuichi easily It's a pity Your ability is in front of my illusion Not worth mentioning Do people in Sakura Country speak so well? Such a frivolous move Are you picking on me? unforgivable i in my name judge you If you want to kill, kill There's so much nonsense you are too young Even gold hunters know how to avoid my eyes How dare you look directly This is the price of looking down on me Advanced Ninjutsu Misty Fantasy Noisy for so long That's all Impossible My illusion The best among assassins How could he have no reaction? Could it be that his mental power far more than me Absolutely impossible Do you know why I won't fall into your fantasy? why Because in front of my illusion What a good couple you have Not popular at all Eye of Samsara Tsukuyomi No I have to paint materials tomorrow I can't sleep for more than a few hours now This is from the Sakura Country Killer Organization The forty-sixth level great illusionist codenamed Eri Classified by occupational levels in my country She is legendary Can break through the defense line Sneak into Kyoto Isn¡¯t she just a female killer? let her come See if I don't kill her Value Partners It is from here that the breakthrough What do you mean? Is it all our Xia Guojun's responsibility? This is true OK It is no small matter for Sakura Country assassins to infiltrate Kyoto. What clues are there so far? Preliminary investigation Eri was hired by a high-level job transferee from Sakura Country Came to carry out an assassination mission Assassination The goal is never simple who is Could it be related to the Hell Cult? According to the clues just sent We have identified her assassination target Lin Mo The top scorer in this year¡¯s national exam Hidden occupation BOSS Summoner it's him What trouble did this kid get into again? Just a young boy It's worth our going to war. He is a member of my dragoon team Anyway He must be found immediately ensure safety I have reported The captain instructs us Collaboration with Dragoons Search for traces of Lin Mo with all our strength Thank you Brother Hao Brother Yao Something happened Lin Mo was raped by Sakura Kingdom¡¯s female assassin Machami The dragoons and escorts are forming a rescue team Boss Wu asked if you want to join My brother is in trouble I'll be the first to go Lao Yao What about you? I'll go too Everybody cheer up Sakura Country Assassin Those who dare to touch our Dragoons what to do Kill nothing All have Follow me and set off immediately mom Birds flying in the sky Silly boy That's a Gray Harrier The public mount of the Dragoons They must be performing an important mission speed up Hurry up right there land this Search carefully Be sure to find traces of Lin Mo This is It's Eri her dead It depends on the situation She was killed by a high-level illusion. People who can use such illusions in Xia Kingdom Very few Na Lin Mota Lin Mo is not here And the assassin is dead It seems he is lucky Maybe someone passed by High-level job changer rescued Boss Wu These people were killed by swords The cause of death is different from that of Eri Could it be More than one wave of killers Confirm that no other killers have entered the country good I understand Let's take the body back to the team first. The rest of the people will continue to look for Lin Mo with me. His safety must be confirmed The materials are ready You can go back and reforge your bloodline. how is the situation Eri's body was found Dan Lin Mo Still missing There is an undeveloped copy below He may have strayed into it I'll take people down to have a look Lin Mo Just be fine It scared us Did an expert pass by and save you? What an expert what are you talking about Isn¡¯t there a female assassin from Sakura Country who wants to kill you? And all the people from the gold fishing team are gone too. I thought you were also brutally murdered. them I killed them all what So What we call an expert Actually it's you Everyone says you are a pervert See you today It's true Lin Mo You entered that undeveloped dungeon because you were grinding for materials. yes you You did it alone He broke into a house where he could turn stones into monsters. Magic Crystal Copy crystal Is this what you're talking about? you You actually got it Director Then can we continue to develop this copy? That's right Lin Mo You helped us a lot I just brush undeveloped copies Isn't it a violation? You solved our years of problems The reward is too late What about violations? Director Dai crisis resolved I'll take people back first The team still has things to deal with good It¡¯s time for me to go back and resume my life. Lin Mo Professional competition in six days¡¯ time Will you participate? I also participate That See you at the game No problem Right Mount material For example, the first ring Except for the secret realm Where else can I get it? Do you want to tame a mount? Raising a mount takes a lot of effort The higher the grade, the more expensive the feed is. I suggest you upgrade first Talk about it later Thanks for the reminder But that's not a problem for me ok Except for the secret realm Auction houses can also try their luck But the fastest way Or go to the combat readiness resources department to buy it? But buy things at combat readiness resources The military rank must be lieutenant or above Lin Mo Brothers Let's wait until you get promoted to lieutenant. Thanks for the advice Be polite We still have tasks Let's go first Having a mount can save a lot of time Spending more gold coins on materials is worth it Take a look, take a look, take a look High-grade alchemy materials withdrawn from the War Readiness Resources Department Five hundred thousand gold coins go through this alley Let¡¯s go to the Combat Readiness Resources Department. Mount material Innocent Do you have the materials for a mount? true or false So do you have a headband or something like that? Of course there is I have all the materials If you want, come with me This is the arresting ring This is Ding'an stone This is the mind-controlling jade All good stuff Eye of Heaven open These are defective products, right? What nonsense are you talking about? boy where did you come from I dare say it¡¯s a defective product. He's right You are indeed a fake cut Gone, gone It turned out to be a seller of fake goods. This is a defective product Then go to the combat readiness resources department to buy it. Came here Isn¡¯t it because the military rank is not enough? boy Dare to ruin my good deeds I'm afraid you don't know who has the final say in this alley boy Either buy all the materials today Or get beaten You choose Get away I don¡¯t know how high the sky is and how high it is I tell you in this alley Even if I kill you, no one will know Go to hell this All come up What are you doing? bully the few with more Don't you feel ashamed? Qin Master Qin why are you here Hurry up and get out of here yes yes yes Let's get out now Hurry up Give mercy to others If someone offends me I will offend I will leave no trouble behind Your Excellency is really Happy grudges What a bad temper you have I like it not like me There are always many constraints Meeting is fate How about making friends Under Qin Xiao Your Excellency what to call Maureen I'm sure you're not here just to hang out. What materials are needed Mount materials such as Jushou Ring Control Heart Stone Someone like Brother Mo mount Naturally unusual What a coincidence I just need to buy some materials too Not as good as peers Where to go Naturally, it¡¯s the Combat Readiness Resources Division This stall outside Where can I find the real thing? My father gave me a token Free access It doesn¡¯t hurt to bring one more person with you Thank you Readiness Resources Division It is the resource center of Xia Kingdom Rare materials are available Everything you want is in the special area Excuse me the two of us A token allows only one person to enter This is the rule This is my friend Mr. Qin Rules cannot be violated Unless he reaches the rank of lieutenant Or hold an equivalent family merit order molin brothers sorry There's nothing I can do This way There are several shops in my house There are also some treasures I can give you a discount No need Let's go to the Combat Readiness Resources Office But three star lieutenant Now Can I get in? can Lieutenant please Brother Mo is so young He's actually a three-star lieutenant The future is limitless I don¡¯t know which one it comes from in Kyoto. He's just a wanderer from the mountains. No family background Let¡¯s look at the materials first. He deliberately hides his identity Such people I must leave a good impression Does Brother Mo know? That mount material divided into different grades The effect is also very different Most of these materials are hidden in copies Or in the unopened treasure chest in the secret realm What quality can you get? It all depends on luck Got it Just like Open blind box Almost But we usually call it the gambling box look In front is the gambling box area. Many descendants of aristocratic families Everyone likes to come here and spend a lot of money Get lucky That is the head of the Fang family square chess It's the Fang family again This old man is Fang Le¡¯s father Abominable Another waste emitting white light Basically the texture is normal Three is probably worth hundreds of thousands of gold coins. Ordinary materials are just this price Keeping a mount is really expensive For big families Hundreds of thousands are like change They are proud to collect top-notch mounts After all, it represents the family¡¯s heritage and strength. There are many children from aristocratic families here Wearing a mask can save you a lot of trouble Thank you I didn¡¯t expect Brother Mo to put on a mask Added a bit more heroism You're not bad either So noisy It's always been like this here If there is a treasure chest that you like Even though I'll give you a few No need I can do it myself That's good I still have some trivial matters Excuse me for a moment please A new round of unboxing is about to begin Two hundred thousand once Up to three people per round On-site inspection Two hundred thousand per box Can produce ordinary materials It's already good luck If you open an empty box, you will lose all your money. No wonder so many children of aristocratic families Falling on the gambling box This little brother is very eye-catching. new arrival Which family is this young master from? Why don't you come and play two games? Can be opened directly In fact, there is a way The boxes in the first round cannot be opened Because they are basically white boxes Only ordinary materials or empty boxes can be issued After three rounds, you can press as much as you like No quality products There is also an ordinary guarantee More than ten rounds Just don't buy it A new round begins Is anyone taking action? The one with the highest price gets it I choose this I don¡¯t believe that we can¡¯t drive the best ones. Then I choose this Eye of Heaven open They chose ordinary materials That blue light It is a rare mount material Choose to leave Unboxing Open it Drive quickly continue I want to continue This guy is really crazy I have been gambling for more than two hundred rounds in a row. You have to stick to the box in the middle I estimate that I lost more than 20 million yuan. Here are some rare materials that have just been released Usually every three rounds The probability of getting a high-quality or rare item Just older Brother listen to me Like me later I issued rare materials last month It was resold for more than five million yuan. A new round begins Please choose light yellow The materials in this box The grade is definitely not low I'll come you This stupid young man Going to suffer a loss This is only the second round It must be an empty or white box Forget it Look at his mask, it's worth a lot of money It's probably the young master from some family who came out to play. Just messing around Xiao'er Why do you have time to see grandpa today? grandpa I brought a friend here today His name is Maureen However This is probably a pseudonym Although I am curious about his true identity The friendship between gentlemen is as light as water I don't want to ask further Please help me take a look Can you make my Xiao'er a friend? Definitely an extraordinary person That's the one that young He seems a bit impatient New here Get started directly I don't think he is an impetuous person maybe Did you see some clue? young age What doorway can you see? If only I could see through it at a glance Grandpa, I don¡¯t have to stay here all day long Studying these boxes That's right I spend my whole life Just want to find one Can 100% How to identify the grade of materials in treasure chests It's a pity Studying till now Except for some opportunistic rules Got nothing It seems there is something going on in the world Destined to be impossible to delve into Okay grandpa Our Qin family lacks nothing. The gambling box is just a pastime. If you could tame a real dragon this life No regrets It's a pity All required materials are of top quality There is still a lack of a top-quality heart-controlling jade. grandpa You can rest assured There must be a chance Hopefully I go Rare mount materials It's Maureen grandpa This guy Are you so lucky? I've been driving it since morning Opened more than two hundred boxes All whiteboards You kid just came here and you got the gold on the first move. Want me Do you want to sell this thing? Make a price I accepted it You are real I don't sell Why When did I offend you? Guess If you don¡¯t sell it, you¡¯ll be pulled down. I can open it myself little brother Just accept it when you're ready This kind of luck doesn't happen every day this material Saying less is worth tens of millions Xin Xie I know it well Another treasure I want this young people Don't know how to accept it when it's good Fall in like this All the materials I just issued will have to be compensated. How many young people have good luck at the beginning? Opened high quality or rare Just think luck is always there In the end, I lost everything. boy You were lucky last time Do you dare to play with me to the end? Let's make a bet of life and death What is life and death gambling? It's you and I who keep opening boxes Drive until the other guy is broke boring Don't dare to play OK Then take the precious materials you just issued Sell it to me at a low price Why Just follow the rules Our family¡¯s rules Either gamble to the end want Just listen to me Just this pattern He can also be the helmsman of the Fang family The Fang family's face was completely humiliated No wonder The Fang family was just a vassal of the Qi family back then. After the decline of the Qi family, he stole other people's inheritance Just started a home How high can the quality be? I just have no quality Our family still has a firm foothold in Kyoto Dissatisfied with rhyme Stand up Since he is pressing harder and harder Then let the Fang family Disappear from Kyoto as soon as possible good Let's get started decades Unexpectedly Another life and death gamble Maureen, what did he think? How could you agree to that old scoundrel Fang Qi's life-and-death bet? Doesn't this mean you are being bullied? Young people are full of energy Most likely to be impulsive Xiao'er He is your friend Should remind him Don't do stupid things Yes grandpa I'll go down right away I just said it I choose this I've chosen it too Bit Are you sure you want to unbox it? open Even if it's white I admit it too I have enough money to open hundreds of empty boxes But you little thing Can you afford to lose? open Ordinary goods again his luck Not much better Rare materials Heart control jade Two yellows in a row Just kidding Does this guy have clairvoyance? Do you still want to continue? continue Who is afraid of whom? You're new here I still want to imitate Qin Tianzhu back then Comparing net worth with Fang¡¯s family You can't afford it brother The Fang family has assets worth hundreds of billions You can't fight him I see It's better to admit defeat admit defeat Since the bet of life and death has begun There is no such thing as quitting midway We must gamble to the end To be fair Leave your life behind You Fang family, don¡¯t bully others too much. It turned out to be Mr. Qin It turns out he is from the Qin family Who are you, this guy? So protective is my friend friends Then just choose the box It's all covered up Good luck Grandpa asked me to remind you Don't be impulsive I'm sober But you should see it clearly Now Who is the least calm? ok If you are short of money You can find me on the second floor Just tell me your name Thank you I have remembered this feeling Didn't stop you also know People who are jealous of gambling It's hard to pull back But he is my friend I'm willing to help him You Just like when I was young Back then I also stood up to help my friends Make a life-and-death bet with someone But you won the bet Yes I want I will win too three empty boxes seven white boxes No matter who chooses this round It¡¯s all a loss Come open I'll choose this one laugh When you go bankrupt later Let me see if you can still smile. Choose a box That's it The aura of the European Emperor is gone Empty box Return to the European Emperor Dream on continue Looking forward to the miracle didn't happen make you friends Take a bite here future on the battlefield Maybe it will gain some wisdom young man Just accept it when you're ready I must apologize to the head of the Fang family. Even if this matter is over Yes The dignified Fang family I won¡¯t argue with you, a young man, right? I didn't say that I even got into a fight with this kid. Either keep the money Two A new round of treasure chests is available for selection Wait Two hundred thousand gold coins When will the bet end? Not as good as Add some code What an addition Tell me and listen Every box opened Add an additional 20 million gold coins Who produces higher grade materials? Who will get the 20 million? Trying to scare me off with your bluff I have been struggling in the world for decades How could I be intimidated by you, a young boy? Just bet The head of the Fang family should think twice. Impulse is the devil Today I will teach this little brat a lesson What does it mean to be wealthy? what Called rules Take the box Fast Taken the bait This time it¡¯s purple material you Lost Now that I have decided to bet Then let the entire Fang family Completely out I choose this Just a fine product this guest Have you chosen? I choose this Your friend is in trouble grandpa What do you see Fang Qi chose this box Whether it's carvings or faint energy fluctuations, Better than the one Molin chose much better this Open it Congratulations to Boss Fang Open a fine heart-controlling stone I finally produced a masterpiece God bless our family boy Where is your box? Open it If the grade is lower than fine quality Twenty million gold coins are mine. Unboxing This is The best saddle stone So amazing What kind of luck did this kid have? Two yellows in a row The fourth time it comes out purple directly Could it be that I am really born with Feiyou? A miracle happened Lord, this is This guy It's not just good luck He must have a special way of identifying treasure chests I have spent decades Finding the way to the gambling box I thought I had no hope of ever finding out about him in this life Unexpectedly Someone actually fulfilled my phoenix wish for me This piece of saddle stone should be enough to carry The power of the purple-winged dragon Keep it for later use little brother What did you do when you put it away? Come, come, come Let's make a price Sell it quickly There is only one Dingan stone I can¡¯t raise a mount either. I'll start fifty million gold coins Are you fooling the devil? This is the best saddle stone At least Starting from 80 million I will pay 85 million I pay 90 million One hundred million One hundred and one hundred million roll This thing is not for sale at the moment come on Let's continue In the third round, he definitely opened the empty box on purpose. Induced me into the game to increase the stakes Could it be He can really see through boxes Keep betting Our family will perish small count you lucky Uncle, I won¡¯t accompany you anymore. Why don't you play anymore? Agreed on the bet of life and death How can you give up halfway? who are you learn from me this word is mine Aren¡¯t your Fang family rich and wealthy? Push the young man to the edge I want to run away How can anything in the world be so cheap? I just ran away What can you do to me I'm afraid of you I don't care who you are Since I can't afford it Then Go to hell How can I do it? How dare you kid to kill people here? Wait Everyone Just be calm and don't be impatient Head of the Fang family surprised Alarmed Mr. Qin Yes I'm sorry. This elementary school Really murderous Have courage But take action at the combat readiness resources department The consequences are disastrous The bet of life and death has been made If one party unilaterally withdraws According to the rules Use family property as compensation The Fang family is also considered a famous family. How can you act like a child? Damn it Keep betting The family must be destroyed Don't bet The Fang family will become the laughingstock of Kyoto what should i do Brother Qin age And he comes out to mind the juniors¡¯ business. Our Fang family It seems that he has never offended the Qin family, right? father You come The ancestors of the Fang family have all come forward. This is a hard guarantee Our Fang family is a prominent family in Kyoto It was just my impulse Bet against this kid now I figured it out How can our Fang family use the big one to bully the small ones? So We have a large number of chess masters Take the initiative to withdraw from the bet This matter has been revealed what do you think If you can't afford it, don't play it What bullshit Fang family? What an embarrassment to Kyoto Mr. Qin Do you and I have to go to this point? This is Maureen There is a shadow of my past That fearless look Exactly the same It was the Fang family who first made a bet with my friend. So what I did it to give him face matter After all, he is Xiao'er's friend The bet with Fang Qi My Qin family Naturally, I stand with my grandson and friends. If he has no objection You can leave But if he feels it's unfair Nor is he a senior person That's right Could it be that the Fang family wants to rely on its power in Kyoto? bully others Who doesn¡¯t have some background yet? Mr. Qin My grudges with the Fang family Don't bother the Qin family Since they want to default on their debt Then pay the due price little doll Do you want to force yourself? You guessed it Since I can¡¯t afford to lose my family fortune Then leave your life behind time and space displacement Soul Breaking Technique God-level skill sharing iron mountain support my arm Dare to act wildly on combat readiness resources You're tired of living father Kill him for me Do you dare to take action? i am alone Death is not a pity But if you fight back Senior executives of Xia Kingdom Will you let your Fang family go? Moreover If this matter is found out It was your Fang family who broke the rules first do you think Can the Fang family still gain a foothold in Kyoto? This guy completely saw through my scruples If it weren't for Jichan's senior management to hold him accountable The old slave will crush you you Who is it? Who is standing behind you don't need to know I just ask you Do you dare to take action? me Don't come here Chess I'll fight you bully the few with more It's unethical As expected, he gave Fangqi to Use your own power to defeat the Fang family This is the real boss Can't continue to take action Otherwise, the Fang family foundation will be destroyed once My family started by speculation Unstable foundation Even if my son dies Don¡¯t lose your family fortune Don't take revenge I swear I will not be a human being Just wait for me Little friend Don't chase after poor bandits Brother Mo Combat Readiness Resources Division Law Enforcement Team Should be arriving soon later Explain the situation truthfully Grandpa will vouch for you Forbidden area of combat readiness resources department Who dares to make trouble here? It's Captain Zhang situation here I know best It was the Fang family who broke the rules first Pick the side first Mr. Qin I also want to give you face But the rules of the Combat Readiness Resources Division It's not me. I alone have the final say. Xiao Zhang this child He was also forced into a desperate situation by Fang Qi He took action only when the situation was urgent. Mr. Qin If today I make an exception because of you Afterwards, everyone came to beg for mercy. Readiness Resources Division What kind of credibility is there? Mr. Qin Thank you for dealing with me This happened because of me It's up to me What to do with the Combat Readiness Resources Division I'll do whatever you want It's a man Please check your identity first. Please take off your mask these eyes So calm it's scary What happened to the captain? I was stunned by this boy's handsome face Team Zhang And this special hobby I was actually stunned by the eyes of a young man. What a shame you are it's me Please come with us What did Captain Zhang see? So shocked Hey, who knows? It's none of my business hang high Come, come, come I bet That kid will definitely be severely punished After all, the Fang family just relies on Without killing someone first Seriously His character is too ruthless If you don't agree, you'll kill him I doubt it Is he a little too extreme? you After the Combat Readiness Resources Division found out the whole story Will not embarrass Maureen too much At most, it's just a fine of some gold coins. I hope so The bet is made and then regretted It's just that I brought my friends here But he got into this situation I feel really ashamed I will personally write to the senior management of the Readiness Resources Division Petition for Maureen Ask for a generous one Ouch bro What are you doing in the Readiness Resources Division? Don't be so impulsive You have a bright future Now we can only wait for the above to deal with it. Life or death depends on paint If you don't accept it, let it go When my subsystem is just a decoration The Bai family's business is my Wang's business. That boy Lin Mo fell into my hands Dead Don't worry, don't worry Wang Chu is relieved Today I will send someone two boxes of tea. There's no rush, there's no rush Qin family Nothing is worthy of begging me for mercy Just hold the Bai family's thigh tightly Getting promoted and making a fortune is not something that comes easily Wang Chu also has some friendship with our Qin family. Send the letter Even if you don't let him go You should also reply But there has been no news for so long I always feel like there's something wrong with this. I'll call your dad right now Let him plead in person Dad That guy is just a friend Xiaoer just met. Not a close acquaintance Let's just stay out of it Why are you so cowardly? Nothing like me Don¡¯t I have to think about the interests of the Qin family? you also know It¡¯s not easy to be the head of a household. Then you are not my son roll How did I give birth to such a coward like you? Dad What do you like about him? You are not a confused person The thing about the sky gambling box have you heard He opened four boxes in total Two gold and one purple good luck Idiot Just good luck Can produce so many advanced materials continuously Your brain has lost its clarity since you became a householder. you mean he can Identify treasure chests That's right With his help Our little Charmander's We can gather the domestication materials. Wouldn¡¯t your father and I¡¯s dream of training a dragon come true? good I'm going to ask for someone from the Combat Readiness Resources Office. Dad You must bring him back Lin Mo The Office of Readiness Resources is crazy. Even Lin Mo dared to move
