Title: This might be the best Kha'Zix build in Season 16.
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80tzr_yTlSg

Content:
Hello guys. How are we doing? I hope you're enjoying the new league season. I personally have been having a very fun time. Kha'Zix has been feeling great with the addition of Umbral Glaive and Bami's Cinder. It's been pretty good, man. Athene's Unholy Grail gone, Fervor of Battle gone. Thank goodness. Thank god they're out of the game and I have yet another juicy Kha'Zix game for you today. Now, this game is pretty much just me experimenting and testing the new items while trying to blend them into a build with the existing assassin items. I'm still testing and trying things [music] out with the build path, but I can comfortably say that this build path is probably one of the best ones I've tried so far. We [music] have had so much damage even without isolation and it feels like we can do Kha'Zix things without too much hassle from everything else. So, yeah. For you guys that are new here, make sure to subscribe for more juicy Kha'Zix content. Also, if you like what you see, make sure to drop a like on the video. It helps me out a lot. If you want to watch me live, you can find me on my Twitch stream. The link is in the description, but without further ado, let's get into the game. All right, here we go, guys. It's time. We are back. And we are playing some Kha'Zix again. Woah. Who could have seen this coming? Another Kha'Zix game, but yeah. Uh I've been thoroughly enjoying myself in season 16. It's been pretty damn good. Uh the game feels a lot better for me personally, in my opinion. That's just Yeah, that's just something I've been finding. Uh 20-minute 20-minute Baron is you know, it's great. 20-minute Baron being back, Athene's Unholy Grail gone, Fervor of Battle gone. Extremely important changes I think needed to happen and yeah. This is another clean game and I'm still testing out builds, so you know, still running the standard uh Dark Harvest page. Um I've been thinking a lot about running Inspiration second more lately just because um it just seems a lot more powerful with the true damage items being it being in the game now. And so, you know, maybe you can get away with not running Sorcery second, but for now, I still love Sorcery second. I think it's still just the king. Gives you the most damage. And damage is abundant in this in this uh in this meta, it would seem. Yeah, we got a lot of damage. So, >> [laughter] >> yeah, we're just starting with a full clear here. Uh there's not really much I can do. However, this is a really nice ward, so I'm going to take advantage of this. Nice ward on the Kog'Maw. Level one. Revealing the Diana here as she passed towards the red buff. Now, this is a perfect opportunity to just secure a kill real quick. Like there's nothing she can do against me one v one. And so, we're going to come along and try and kill her. So, she randomly wards the bush, which kind of screws up this invade a little bit. She tries to flash away. I cancel my auto, but it's fine. Reapply the slow with Unseen Threat. And we get the first blood. And suddenly, the bot lane went missing and I'm wondering are they really going to stop me from taking this red? Probably. I I would not, you know, people are psychopaths in in early season. So, I would not be surprised if they tried to stop me there. So, I'm just going to uh leave straight away. It's fine. We managed to get a kill for ourselves and we're just going to go back and take our camps. Your boy. So, I'm really not liking the early clear, I would say on Kha'Zix right now. I like I'm really noticing the the W nerf in combination with the camps I think being a bit healthier, but you know, it is what it is. Uh the AoE camps are just a little bit more annoying to clear, but overall, can't really complain too much. It's not too bad. Um but yeah. So, for the build, I'm basically going to be running the double true damage items uh first. You know, just to test. I feel like uh I mean, Umbral is just a given, right? Can we all just agree? Umbral Glaive is just chef's kiss. Oh, magnificent on Kha'Zix. But uh you know, it's it is Duskblade, right? So, Duskblade being back is pretty fantastic. And so, yeah, we're going to be running that first. Want to see if I can get crab here. I know Diana is going to probably try and contest this, so I'm just going to mindlessly run into her. Pure disrespect on my part. And I'm caught in a bit of I'm a bit in a bit of trouble here. Uh probably was going to lose that fight, but then Malzahar, my boy, yes, I did in fact pay him to walk towards me there. Um and he's going to give me a free kill before I die, which is amazing. I'll take it. Not going to complain about that. And as we speak, Malzahar is in Dubai burning his savings uh that I gave him you know, as you do. Thank you, Malzahar. Thank you for the YouTube content. And I'm going to head back down onto the bot side with my Dirk and my double sword. Your boy. So, dragon coming up. So, I kind of am wondering if it's possible to do this at all. Um but instead, I'm going to find the respawned Raptors here. Uh and this can be a bit risky because we don't know where Diana is and there's a high chance she can be here. But I managed to secure them, which is really good. In the meantime, my bot is fighting. Um but I'm not going to decide to come down cuz it's a bit too much of an investment. And my path here is really good. We get the Raptors into the Scuttle Crab. And so, yeah, pretty solid. And so, now I have couple options. I could start dragon or I can just wait for my Gromp to spawn. I'm going to decide to start dragon. Uh for one thing, my bot lane is resetting, so if needed, they can come and help me out. Uh also, Kog'Maw is here. Also, I know that the bot lane the enemy bot lane is also resetting. And while Pyke can potentially come and check this dragon, odds are I'll have enough time to um finish dragon before he comes along. It turns out he goes mid lane instead, so that's fine. As for Diana, I know that she potentially is bot side and she may have seen that her Raptors got taken, so yeah, as you can see, she's top side. I wasn't really too worried about her being on the dragon because uh most likely, she would just try and go for a clear um in this scenario. So, nice little kill on the Alistar. There, a very good stuff. And I'm just going to finally go back to my jungle and start taking camps. Hit level six. Q evolve. Going to run Q evolve. Still the king. Um I think now more than ever, Q evolve Actually, I don't know. I have yet to experiment with Ardent Censer first uh in this season so far, but you know, Q uh Q evolve is still doing wonders, obviously. Not not much has changed. Still amazing for increasing your DPS, clear speed, etc. So, that is very very nice. And my god, I hate clearing Raptors now. Notice how much damage the uh the jungle camp does in that scenario. I don't know if you could tell, but I only W'd the Raptors once there. And all of them basically died. Um and then I could kill the big Raptor with an isolated Q, which is really interesting, right? So, the jungle pet does do some pretty solid AoE damage um as the game goes on. And I think that's overall better for Kha'Zix. I'm not really sure. Doesn't really matter too much, but yeah, it's just something to keep in mind uh and it changes the way you cut your camps a little bit. But we finish our full clear, recall, pick up Umbral, the godsend of an item. Beautiful stuff and we're going to head back onto the map. So, couple options here. What can I do? We got Grubs coming up 30 seconds. Uh we can see that the enemy Raptors are up. What do we do? So, I decided to come up here and hopefully play for Grubs, it would seem. So, 20 seconds till Grubs spawn. Going to get into a nice position. Umbral Glaive is proccing. Uh so, we're going to be able to clear some vision in this area. Black out the the river. So, it's going to be harder for them to walk up. And in this scenario, uh fat chance that anyone is going to contest unless they hard commit like with Malzahar and Diana just walking up, but doesn't seem likely since Diana was just on her Raptors. And she's now in the bot side of the map, as you can see. Your boy. So, these Grubs will be free for me. And uh no, never mind. Sorry. I I remember. Yeah, sorry. I take this back. This psychopath of Malzahar comes along by himself and uh this is really unfortunate timing uh because his spell shield just came up and then he just insta ults me. So, I almost get one-shot here. Pyke comes along. I Okay, yeah, so a lot of things a lot of things here, so my brain was just struggling to keep up here, honestly. I tried to jump away from the Pyke. Um I was planning on flashing the ult cuz obviously, I have flash. But then I realized that the uh the Grubs were on like a thousand health and it was in smite range, so I was trying to get that. Um but I really should have just flashed out and we would have been fine. And probably, Kog'Maw wouldn't have died as well because uh Pyke wouldn't have got the reset. So, it was 100% my bad. Like I don't know what to tell you guys. My my brain is still like I'm still warming up with League. I haven't played in a while, so give me a break. I apologize. Nice CC on the Malzahar here Malzahar here from the Braum. The flash is not able to save him. We're going to come along, pick up a free kill. Really good stuff. And now, I have my entire jungle to clear. So, I'm thinking about what path I want to take and the obvious path here is top to bot because you know, dragon's coming up in a minute, so we want to try to prioritize that. If I were to path from bot to top, I would run into the Illaoi and the Nasus and there is no objective up in the top side, so why, you know, why would I do that, right? It's just not exactly the greatest thing to do. So, the obvious choice is to try and get down to the bot side of the map uh where I can take the dragon that's coming up. And because we have Umbral, you know, full HP, not only do we have Gathering Storm active now at 10 minutes giving us five AD, we have Absolute Focus giving us eight AD and we have Umbral Glaive. Like, we're very [ __ ] powerful. Anyone in who in isolation is going to die to like two Qs and that's it. Like, it's really really powerful. Uh you're really powerful at this stage of the game so long as you can uh keep managing your farm and staying up in levels and yeah, really really good stuff. So, I decided to walk up here, try and get a good, you know, find an opportunity for when the dragon's coming up. I don't really want to be sitting on camps right now because my priority objective is coming up. So, I managed to come along here. Pyke is going to be trying to go for the execute, but he What the What the flying [ __ ] did >> [laughter] >> I didn't even notice what he just did when I was playing this game. Oh my god. So, he flashes and then he ults the the water. My guy hates hydration. I don't know what to tell you. >> [laughter] >> That was crazy. Anyway, so that's going to open up an opportunity for us to get the dragon with ease. Um unfortunately, the Illaoi has gone down. Was Was Diana there? I can't All right, I wasn't paying attention. Anyway, it doesn't matter. We get dragon and we're really just playing a very simple game. Like, Kha'Zix uh I mean, I think this meta really if if last season you had to take your camps like nonstop, this season it's just even more. You have to take your camps all the [ __ ] time it feels like. Um otherwise, you just feel weak and you just fall behind etc. But no, Diana was not there. She's bot side. Guess that's Tristana. Unlucky. Okay, don't watch this. This is horrendous by me. So many mistakes. Holy [ __ ] So, first hit First thing there was hesitation. Completely hesitated going on the Pyke there. Second thing was I used my R after I walked out of the bush. So, I'm [laughter] sorry. It's [ __ ] horrendous, but it's all right. Sooner or later, you're going to see me pop off, guys. Don't worry. It's happening. I'm just I'm just brushing off the cobwebs right now, but we'll get there. Okay? So, back onto the map and we've got a Dirk and a Pickaxe, right? So, this is going into the Bastion Breaker and I'm just on the fence as to when I want to buy this item because it is really it is really solid. It's a really solid item. It has pretty you know, pretty awesome stats. Uh a lot of lethality. Uh it only has 55 AD, which is not ideal, but you know, that's obviously fine. 55 AD is more than enough because you get lethality with it and the true damage and the tower breaking passive. Like, it's just it's a really good item for pushing leads and gaining leads and um yeah, I'm just on the fence as to when I want to build it because Ghostblade exists, Profane exists, Edge of Night exists. There's so many great item choices that I just have no idea when I want to buy it. But second item seems very sensible to build this item. Uh second or third, in my opinion, that's when you should build it. And so, we're building it second. So, walk up here, find an opportunity to get behind the Illaoi. Let's see where she is. Sweep the bush. Turns out she's there. Let's see if we can kill her here. Uh passive auto reset. Get you know, I mean, beautiful stuff. Really really good stuff. I didn't have to flash there. Uh again, just just shaking off the cobwebs once again. >> [laughter] >> Uh pointless flash, but it's okay. That's all right. Still get the kill. And you can see like just damage. Such consistent damage. It's uh really nice to see. Really really nice to see uh with the Umbral Glaive. So, if there was any ever doubt that uh what the first item I'll be building on Kha'Zix I think the answer is pretty obvious. Like, Umbral is just taking over at this point. Very very good. Very good item. But yeah, I'm going to walk up here because I want to pressure this tower and I thought maybe we could get the Pyke, but then I remembered oh yeah, um getting back to lane is much faster for people that die now. So, yeah, I kind of miscalculated that one. And uh yeah, that's something to keep in to keep in mind, guys, if you're going for like opportunities like that, you definitely need to take into account how fast people actually come back to lane now. It really is quite impressive. Um I I like it, you know? I like the game being a lot faster paced. I like how you don't have to wait 1 minute 30 for minions uh for jungle camps to spawn. I think that's pretty great, too. Granted, it does leave less strateg- less strategy for the early game, in my opinion, but uh I think the faster pace is really good. Anyway, all right, find this chance to go on the Malzahar here. Unfortunately, I'm not able to iso Q him and he flashes out. My Q cancels. And so, I'm like, [ __ ] this [ __ ] That's just unfortunate. Um I do get the kill. Definitely should not have jumped there cuz he's obviously running towards someone. But come on, I'm not going to let a kill, you know, get away that easily, you know? Uh so, yeah, I used the issue there was that I used my jump to get over the wall in my jungle. If I did not do that, then I mean, he'd just be dead meat. Tristana tries to get him. Uh fails miserably, unfortunately. But Kog'Maw comes along with the roam, picks up the double. Huge. Good stuff. And yeah, now we have Bastion Breaker and also [clears throat] level 11. We're going to evolve wings because I'm not really I don't see much of a need for R evolve in this game. Uh we're going in, we're going out, dealing a lot of damage, jumping out etc. So, E evolve in my opinion, I see the potential for E evolve to be really solid in this meta. So, normally everyone's just running Q R, but give Q E a try. I think you'd be surprised. But before we talk about anything else, watch this. Isn't that not great? I know he took a tower shot there, but that's non-isolated, by the way. And that's something to keep in mind. This is a very very powerful setup just for that reason alone, right? Having the Umbral Glaive and the Bastion Breaker true damage allowing you to deal that damage even without isolation, that's oof. I can't tell you how awesome that is for Kha'Zix. Like, that is going to help you in so many scenarios, it's actually insane. And so, you know, just that just that kill alone, you know, this might be the best Kha'Zix build in the game right now. Just for that reason. It's that good. And so, we Bastion Breaker the dragon as well to take it faster. Very good stuff. Um so, we don't have to sit around just taking it all day. We love to see it. We actually missed the dragon. That's unfortunate. Uh dragon gives a little more gold now, so you should be trying to 100% secure it, but it's all good. And so, I am going to tell Tristana to push and we're going to walk up here, try and place some pressure. We see Malzahar pushing the lane. He's going to try and pick up the Tristana, but we're coming in behind him. He actually hurts a lot, so yeah, thankfully Tristana burns the spell shield on him, so we're going to be able to auto Q him before he presses ult. We're going to R because I'm afraid of him hitting that silence on me and then I might just dying. So, yeah. I should pick up the kill. He does a lot of damage. It would be good to get Edge of Night into this uh into this Malzahar, but we're not actually going to go Edge of Night. We're going to run Profane third. Um I'm a firm believer of just not running Edge of Night. I think if you play your cards properly as Kha'Zix, you don't actually need Edge of Night in a lot of cases. Don't get me wrong, it's a fantastic item and it it'll help, especially if you're like a newer Kha'Zix player who's not really used to positioning well etc. Uh Edge of Night is still fantastic. But I'm I myself am trying not to run Edge of Night so much uh because I think it is possible to play without it in a lot of cases. But yeah, we recall and we're running Profane third. So, Profane Profane is still just incredible. Um it's you know, it's being a bit overshadowed by Umbral Glaive right now because it's just Umbral is so great on Kha'Zix, but Profane has not changed. It is still incredible and we now have three different damage sources that are not from our abilities that aren't dependent on isolation. So, incredible stuff. Horrible jump. Jesus Christ. What am I doing? Absolutely horrible jump. Um not able to get close to him, have to disengage, but we do burn the spell shield, so he's kind of dead meat now. Um I tried to jump on the minions and him at the same time. We're going to do the same thing we did before and pretty much just kill him. Uh you know, tower kind of helping me out a little bit there. I think he's a bit tilted at this point. >> [laughter] >> And so, we're going to be able to kill him, shove the wave. And you know, I decided to keep pushing. All right. I decided to keep pushing because look at the pressure on the map. We have Illaoi pushing. We just killed to go top. We killed Malzahar. Udyr just died. My team is pushing mid. This is all really, really good stuff happening all over the map. So, I decided that it is possible for me to go for this tower. The only threat to me was Pyke, who is top side. So, this is pretty much a free tower. We bastion break it. Look at that. It is so nice. It is actually so nice. Oh my god. Being able to push these like this really, really good stuff. Just that extra bit of gold is going to propel us forward uh you know, so much further than you know, if we didn't have bastion breaker for that moment. Very good. And so, we recall. We pick up profane. And we pick up another Dirk. So, I actually I feel like Serylda's priority is definitely a lot lower in this season because of how good the the lethality items are. I'm going to limit test here, by the way. This is why I jumped. I wanted to see if I can try one be one this guy. Uh probably could have because he has no armor. But, TP comes in from the Malzahar. I want to try to get my Crocs here, but this you can tell this guy hates me. I've killed him so many times that he just flash ults me. I jump out just to be safe because I don't want to die to any random [ __ ] in this scenario. But, we're going to re-engage here. Use our R. I try and go for a big AoE stomp, but doesn't work. Um a little bit awkward with the jumps there. Everyone's just dying to the Illaoi tentacles, which is kind of crazy. Just Udyr showing up randomly. Limit tests. Oh, okay. Not able to get the Pyke. Couple miscalculations there. Um I actually wasn't expecting that damage to come out of him. Uh the Umbral Glaive damage really [ __ ] me, though. From the Pyke. I think I would have lived if he didn't have Umbral or if it was last season, but you know, >> [laughter] >> you know, got to remember Umbral Glaive exists now. So, my mistake there. And also, my W came up at like a really awkward time. So, if I W'd there, I think if I W'd there first, we probably would have lived and got the kill. Um cuz our damage is like through the roof, but you know, it's all good. We're going to respawn in a second. And uh we're just going to head down to the dragon that's coming in 30 seconds. 20, sorry. And yeah. So far, build is feeling great. This is probably one of the better feeling builds I've tried. I think profane second or third is just great. Like, oh. You really start taking off once you get profane third uh with this build. Really is good stuff. We have so much lethality, so much AD, and two sources of true damage. Uh the active from profane like no one is surviving uh your combo in isolation. Like, it's just not happening. You're going to You're going to do so much damage. Um Yeah, we start dragon. Diana's going to try for the contest with the Pyke. Let's see what we can do here. We try to jump on the Diana, who's one HP, but I get silenced. I can't finish her off there because Malzahar is like right next to her. And if I appear out of stealth there, I get ulted by him. I'm not sure if he used it. I don't think Malzahar used the ultimate there, which is why I didn't go in uh further. And even if I did go in there and didn't get ulted, um I'm still surrounded by like four people. So, I can very easily just die there, 100%. Um and I don't think getting a reset from E evolve would have saved me there. Um but, yeah. So, I got a couple options here. I can keep pushing. These guys are going to get the inhibitor, no doubt about that. Um or I can recall. I'm kind of on the fence about it here, very indecisive. Um but, I decide to just sack it and um push the wave instead. I probably should have recalled because my bot lane came along and they engaged. They managed to get a kill on the Pyke. So, maybe the best play there was to just recall just to be safe. But, I am still getting some fantastic value here. I got a wave. Now, I got two waves, and I get the entire bot side jungle. So, this is going to propel me towards level 16. Overall, I think what I Yeah, okay. I'd say after that, I think me just staying was the right call because we get that much closer to level 16. And I'm going to Well, yeah. I'm going to hit it right here. Uh which is great. Hit 16, get the R evolve. Q E R. Classic Evo path. Very good. We're going to engage with our team here. Uh everything was burnt, so we jump on the Diana straight away. Stealth towards Udyr, one shot her, auto Q. Try and double jump the Nasus. Not going to work because we get stunned by the Pyke, really unfortunate. Can't get that double jump off, but the damage. Oof. Oh my god, we are back, guys. We are back. Damage is so nice in this meta. Um actually get hooked there. That's all right. We're going to start the Baron. Bastion break the Baron. Bastion break the Baron. Triple B. And we are going to pretty much just send Braum to his death on the Pyke. We EQ the Pyke. Actually, okay. Yeah, we just one shot him with uh auto Q. If you didn't notice, I think that's what happened there. Maybe I ulted connected there with him. I'm not sure. Yeah, I think he I think I E connected there. So, uh auto EQ and he just died. That's kind of crazy. >> [laughter] >> That's a lot of damage, guys. That's a lot of damage. In the meantime, Illaoi is doing her doing her thing in the top side. Uh she goes down. Unlucky. Um and we're going to recall. We have so much gold. Edge of Night is bought to protect ourselves, and we are going to go into Youmuu's. Just kidding. I forgot about Serylda's. That's how crazy our damage is, right? We actually probably don't even need to buy the Serylda's uh just because of how potent these lethality items are. I mean, it's kind of crazy. But, we are going to buy it because there is a bit of armor being built on the enemy team. So, you know, you know, buying Serylda's is still I would say core in a lot of games just to make sure you're scaling properly into the into the mid-late game. So, yeah. Going to settle on that. I do miss my ghost blade. I will say that. I'm debating like whether or not it's worth dropping one of these items for ghost blade, but I really just have no idea. These items are so potent. Plus, you have the jungle quest now giving you move speed in the jungle for free. Uh so, maybe you don't actually need Youmuu's in this meta. I'm not sure. We'll have to see, guys. I need to test more. I really need to test more. But, at the moment, it does seem like you don't need it as much as you did last season. But, yeah. We'll see. We'll see about Mr. Youmuu's. We will have to see. All right. So, we're going to walk up here. See what we can do. Try and close out the game now that we have Baron. Um huge damage from the Illaoi clone. Cool. Walk in. Enemy team can't really do anything here. Diana's dead. Uh Pyke is going to try and kill the Jistana. Not going to happen. He dies. Jump on just uh Udyr, kill her. Jump on Malzahar. Unfortunately, I'm revealed by the tower somehow here. Try and go on him. My auto cancels. He's on his ult anyway. That's all right. GG. That's the game. Illaoi going to go in. Everyone's going to die. GG. Season is pretty fantastic so far um from what I've seen. Very fantastic all around. Kha'Zix has lots of damage. And uh yeah. I will see you guys next time, guys. Thanks for watching. More builds coming. Stay tuned. Catch you later. Bye.
