Title: 3 Minute Skarner Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFg4pTUk2ns

Content:
Why play Skarner jungle? Well, he is very easy to pick up and play. He has brilliant unique ganks. He brings a ton of lockdown and he's naturally very tanky. However, his lockdown can be flashed or dashed away from and he does need his team to follow up his strong engages. Skarner's passive are his basic attacks, Q, and ultimate apply a stack onto the target. Enemies who have three stacks on them take damage over time. Skarner's Q empowers his next three attacks with bonus attack range, bonus attack speed, and bonus damage. The third one of these attacks deals even more damage and slows the target. And this ability works as an auto attack reset. Skarner can also reactivate this ability to end it early to throw out a straight line skill shot which deals damage to the targets hit. Skarner's W grants himself a shield while dealing damage in a circle around him slowing enemies hit. Skarner's E causes him to start charging in a direction where he can't be slowed and he ignores terrain. If Skarner hits a champion or large monster, he suppresses them and attaches himself to them where he then carries them for a short distance and if he hits into terrain, he deals damage to them and stuns them. And hitting them into terrain also reduces the cool down of this ability. Skarner's ultimate is a cone skill shot where after a short delay, up to three enemy champions hit take damage and are suppressed. Skarner then gains a burst of movement speed where he can now move with these three suppressed targets. For combos, Q then engage with E, attack into reactivating Q before attacking into alt and then when the alt ends, W. And a strong engage combo is to flash into alt. When your alt ends, W into E-ing them in the wrong direction. From here, attack into Q before attacking away. For matchups, Skarner is great into squishier junglers who he can easily tank and lockdown. However, he can struggle into great team fighters who outvalue him in fights, especially ones that deal max health damage. For runes, grasp is the go-to. For build order, start green monster and path into a heart steel and tier two boots. After this, an unending despair is a great pick up before finishing a build with any of these as needed. For skill order, start Q then W then E before maxing Q then W then E taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and smite. Starting the game, you have a couple of different options. The safest option is always to do a full jungle clear to make sure you're as strong as you can be if you do need to fight for scuttle crab. Your clear is also very quick as you can use E to move through walls to quickly get to camps. Your other route is to clear one half of the jungle to get a quick level three. Your gank paths can be incredibly creative as you can run through terrain. So, ganking at level three where you run through terrain in a strange way is a great way to catch enemies off. When ganking, always consider the three main points of what CC that your team bring, what escapes do the enemy have, and where is the lane pushed to. Skarner's unique gank paths really punishes enemies who default their wards down as going through terrain means you easily skip over a lot of the basic wards. And if you keep in mind where these wards usually are, think of creative ways to get around them and into your opponent's lanes. And of course, once you hit level six, landing your ultimate is basically a death sentence for anyone hit. Entering the mid game, you love getting picks. Your E allows you to quickly catch out enemies and your alt drags them to danger. And then you can convert these into objectives. Entering late game team fights, play as your team's engage. Go in with E into something valuable and try and alt their backline. Dragging their carries towards danger is just a great way to start any team fight. From here, your W is further good disruption while your Q is surprisingly good at taking out the frontline. Just keep being disruptive as heck.
