Title: 3 Minute Nidalee Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeIODDvggmQ

Content:
Why play Nitali jungle? Well, she has amazing burst damage. Her mobility is incredible. She can easily solo carry games and she has a very high skill ceiling. However, she doesn't bring any lockdown at all. And she is damage reliant struggling from behind. Niti has a few passives. Firstly, she starts with her ultimate. Secondly, while in a brush, she is ghosted and gains bonus movement speed, which is massively increased when moving towards an enemy champion. And this bonus lasts for 2 seconds after leaving the brush. Her third passive is when she lands a human form Q or W, she's granted the same movement speed buffs as though she were in a brush. And in addition, the first use of her cat form Q and W against that target is enhanced. Nidi's human form Q is a straight line skill shot which deals damage to the first enemy hit. And this deals massively increased damage based on the distance traveled. In cat form, her Q is an auto attack reset which enhances her next attack to deal bonus damage, gain bonus range, and deals even more damage based on the target's missing health. In addition, if the target's marked by her passive, the damage is increased by 30%. Her human form W places down a trap on the floor, which goes invisible after 1 and 1/2 seconds. Enemies that step on this take damage over time and are marked. Her cat form W leaps in a direction, dealing damage to enemies when she lands. And if the targets marked, she can leap even further. And if she gets a takedown in cat form, the cool down of this ability is reduced. Nidi's human E can be used on herself or an ally, which heals them a small amount and grants them a large amount of bonus attack speed. In cat form, it deals damage in a cone skill shot to all enemies hit. Niti's ultimate switches her between human form and cat form. In cat form, she is a mele champion and in human form, she is a range champion. And when she marks an enemy with a Q or W, the cooldown of this ability is reset. For combos, starting cat form and use W into R and Q. Follow up with W and E before changing back into cat form and going in with W, E, and Q before attacking away. And if you land a spear, use E on yourself, then change into cat form and go in with W into E and Q before attacking away. For matchups, Nidley can struggle into pure jewelist, so you're always happy to fight her. However, she's great into champions she can easily invade and assassinate. For runes, take this. Dark harvest is great burst damage. For build order, start red monster and pot into a lichbane and tier 2 boots. After this, a shadow flame and zonas are great pickups before finishing a build with any of these as needed. For skill order, start Q, then E, then W before maxing Q, then E, then W, taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and smite. Starting the game, you almost always want to do a full clear. Nidi's early ganks are strong, so you can clear one side and go for a gank. But honestly, her clear is so fast, you may as well do the full clear. From here, you are a very gank heavy jungler, and when looking for ganks, always consider what CC your team brings, what escapes the enemy has, and where is the lane push to. Landing your human form, Q or W is incredibly important to get that long dash and easy kills. Enter in the Midame, you're all about picks and objectives. Set out your traps and land spears to mark enemies before jumping in and exploding them and converting into those objectives. Entering late game team fight, place the backline mage waiting for your chance to jump in. Use E on yourself or a carry and look to land your trap or your spears. You essentially want to keep dealing damage from the backline until you can mark one of their carries. And once Mark, jump in and assassinate
