Title: BEST Champions to ONE TRICK in EVERY Role in Season 2026 League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_p-hsQdySc

Content:
There are so many amazing champions to one trick in League of Legends and the time you put into them can be extremely rewarding. So, in this video, we're going to be covering three champions for every role that you should consider one-tricking in season 2026. First up in the top lane, we're going to start it all off with Fiora, a tank shredding, jeweling, split pushing monster in the right hands. And the more you play her, the more you will understand her damage limits and just how hard you can carry games once you get ahead. If you truly love that top lane 1 v one miniame, then there's really not many better picks to play than Fiora. Yes, of course, like every top laner, she does have some difficult matchups, but it's almost part of the fun learning how to overcome them and win and carry anyway. From simply bullying enemies with your passive and your Q to completely perfecting the one-shot combos with her ultimate. There's a lot of fun to be had when playing Fiora. And this season, she's actually a little bit less popular than she has been recently. So, pick her up, put the hours in, and enjoy the LP. Our next pick is going to be Gangplank, who's arguably one of the most difficult champions in the entire game to master. He's got an extremely punishing skill floor and takes a lot of time just to get used to the basics. Because if you don't understand how to use his barrels, all you're going to be doing is parlaying and eating oranges, basically. But when you perfect those barrels, you can carry any fight in a matter of seconds in just a few clicks. And not only that, you're going to get tons of positive pings, if that's a thing, from your teammates, as well as a bunch of honors, which will make up for all the times when you're learning him that you're going to get question mark pinged instead. Gangplank is having a fantastic season 2026 so far. So, if you are looking for a champion that takes a lot of practice, but can be super super rewarding once perfected, give him a go. Then, finally, our third pick to one trick in the top lane this season is Ambessa. a real staple and popular pick, especially towards higher ranks, largely because of how fun she is and also how difficult it can be to play against a good one. Ambessa is all about trading and dashing and diving in and out of fights with her mobility and chunking and chopping and charging down her enemies. When you do get that early gold on Ambessa, she just feels so much fun to play. And there's nothing quite like bypassing an entire team, landing your ultimate on a backline carry, deleting them from the fight, and cleaning up the rest of the team shortly afterwards. into the jungle next then. And of course, we have to start off with Lein, one of the best junglers in the game to one trick for as long as he's existed. And this season truly is no different because he's still one of the most skill expressive junglers you can play, who's extremely rewarding, extremely fun to play, and he's also in a great spot in the meta, even getting some buffs next week. The basics aren't as hard as you might think, but it really is his skill ceiling that truly allows Leon players to show off and carry. from insects and kick flashes and ward hop combos. There is so much to learn, but learning him is a fun task in itself because no matter how much experience you may or may not already have on Lein, every single game is going to be fun. Next up, we have Fiddlesticks. An extremely unique AP jungler that has the ability to basically farm pentacills in the right hands. One good ultimate at any point in any game is all it takes for you to make your mark. From learning how to efficiently clear the jungle to mastering your passive effiges and of course perfecting your ultimates too. Fiddlesticks really is one of a kind. And when his stats are as good as they are so far this season, but he's still not being played that much, it's the best time to pick him up and master him. There really isn't that high of a chance that Fiddlesticks ever truly gets nerfed too hard. He's always decent and sometimes he's even better than decent. And right now he's in a great spot. Our third and final champion to one trick in the jungle this season is Shako. This assassin is everybody's least favorite champion to play against, especially towards lower ranks. And there's nothing worse than seeing a clown pop out of stealth before you even hit level three and ruining your day. But instead, if you want to ruin other players day, then pick up Shico. Because right now, so far this season, his stats are looking super strong. And there are tons of tricks you can learn when playing this guy. From max range ultimate stealth combos to perfect Jack in the boxes and brutal backstabs. So watch a few of his jungle clear videos on YouTube before you get started and enjoy the LP. Into the mid lane next then. And first up we have one of the most popular champions in the game in Ahri. Ari's versatile kit has everything you need to pop off and climb the ranks with. And the more you play her, the more you'll get familiar with her charm ranges, her burst damage combos, and her ability to reset through teams cleaning up fights in seconds. Ari's skill expression might not be as complex as some other combo based champions, and she is definitely easier to pick up and learn than some other champions in this video. However, with that being said, that's not to say you cannot get better and carry harder the more practice you put in with her. And the only real downside is that she is quite popular, so you might not be able to pick her every game, but with a huge variety of lanes and matchups she can excel in, and really not that many bad ones, she's a super consistent champion to one trick this season. Next up, we have one of the most OG one-t trickable mid lane assassins in the game in Zed. And ever since his release, he's been one of the flashiest champions you can play. No matter what year or what season it is, Zed always does have a pretty high ban rate. So, you do need to be prepared for that if you are going to one trick him. But despite that, when you are learning and mastering Zed, you're going to have a lot of fun along the way. And there is nothing more satisfying than dealing the perfect amount of damage to execute your enemies with your ultimate. You've got tons of different ways to use your shadows to your advantage. You need to learn how to perfect the lane phase as this can be either the best part of his game or definitely the worst. Matchups are a huge deal for assassins like Zed. And of course, you've got that side laning and roaming and other ways to impact games as well once you put the hours in. So, if you have forgotten about Zed recently, here's a reminder that he's still one of the most exciting assassins you can play. And when you get fed, your enemies are simply just going to roll over because there's nothing they can do when you're tower diving them from level six onwards. Speaking of assassins, our third and final champion to main and one trick in the mid lane is Katarina. And what a season 2026 she's having so far. It's safe to say that nobody likes going against a good Katarina. So why not become a good one yourself? And if you enjoy that roaming, snowballing, super aggressive play style, there's really not many better. All it takes is one good double kill in the bot lane with an early roam and you will completely take over the game and before you know it, you'll be jumping from target to target, executing everybody in team fights and recording multiple pent kills for your next kitty cat montage. Moving down to the bot lane next then and our first AD carry to one trick this season is going to be Jinx. Jinx is the kind of carry that just summarizes exactly what you want an AD carry to be. a little bit weak and vulnerable in the early game, but scales up to be an absolute menace with those passive resets cleaning up teams in seconds. There is so many little tips and tricks you can learn when mastering Jinx, from animation cancelling some of your abilities to resetting your auto attacks with your Q weapon swaps and placing perfect jumpers to CC your enemies to get the lead in the early game. And if you do get the early leads, you will snowball incredibly quickly, especially with the right enchanter in your pocket, allowing you to zap and zoom around the battlefield, resetting your passive and chunking and chomping down your enemies. Our second AD carry one trick this season is Caitlyn. And if you'd like an oppressive lane bully, then look no further. Caitlyn has a surprisingly high skill expression. And if you've never seen some of the top onetrick ponies playing Caitlyn, then you're missing out because the sheer amount of quick burst and insane combos you can pull off with her traps, head shot, and Q's is honestly some of the most addictive and satisfying AD carry gameplay. She really isn't just all about the lane phase or killing towers. Because the better you get at Caitlyn, the more you realize just how abusable she is in the right hands. Then our final AD character one trick this season is going to be Samira, who might be a bit of a wild card pick, but with the recent buffs, she's getting back to her best again. And really, when you get the hang of Samira in the right support matchups and 2v2s, when you can get fed, this champion just feels absolutely broken and a lot of fun at the same time. When you get fed on Samira, you are basically just playing for more pentacills. It's that simple. In team fights, you offer so much AOE burst damage and those resets with your E make you super mobile, too. So, it really is just waiting for the right moment to get stuck in, press all your abilities, and deal a ton of damage. And I would definitely say if you are playing duo Q with a friend who likes playing aggressive supports, then this is the perfect opportunity to learn and perfect this champion. Speaking of supports, let's finish off there then. And first up, we have Thresh. One of the most one-trickable support champions of all time. And this is never going to change with his perfectly versatile kit that slots into any draft, any team comp, and any game. Thresh has always been one of the most creative and playmaking supports you can play, and this is not going to change anytime soon. Of course, you have his hooks, which take a bit of getting used to, but you definitely feel yourself getting better with them. But then you have clutch lanterns, perfectly angled and timed plays, and combining all of the pieces of his kit together is what makes a good Thresh player the best. Speaking of playmaking though, we have to talk about Bard here next. And if I could only play one champion for the rest of my life, Bard is definitely one I'd be considering. Bard is one of the most fun champions in the game with those perfect magical journeys, amazing clutch ultimates, and creative angles to use your stun against walls and other enemies. A good bard can carry his entire team without question, but a bad bard can almost do the opposite. So, a big part of learning bard is understanding when is actually a good time to use your abilities and when not to. You've got a much better lane phase than many people give you credit for. Your roaming is exceptional and your team fighting and playmaking is top tier. Then, finally, our last champion in today's video to one trick this season is going to be Pike. Pike is an extremely unique support that takes a ton of practice to play. Not just learning his hook ranges and timings and his E and ultimate, but actually learning how to function and stay alive, as he's super squishy and can die easily in less than a second if you don't position well. Pike is all about picking your moments and making them count. And oftent times you'll either 1v9 or simply do nothing at all. So part of learning him is pretty much understanding when and how to make your mark and not just be completely useless. Pike can be a pentacilling machine in the right hands and in the right games. Just be prepared when you are learning him that he does take some getting used to. But when you do get the hang of him, you're going to have a lot of fun and farm plenty of LP, too. Well, there you have it, guys. That's three champions to one trick in season 2026 for every role. We hope you enjoyed the video and let us know below who you're one tricking this season. Don't forget, you can check out builds for all these champions by clicking the link below and heading to our website. Thanks for watching, guys, and we'll catch you in the next one. Take care.
