Title: Bard has a NEW build, created by a MADMAN
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQllUXsys5E

Content:
What is up boys and girls? Welcome back to another Tuber. Today we're going to be showing you the what is potentially the new genius Bard build. So Bard is just one of those champions that every single item just seems to work on him. There there's just something about his kit and his numbers and his versatile play style that it really feels like you can plug and play anything on this guy and it just straight up works. Now, when the new boots got revealed, Gluttonous Greaves, I was really bummed because it just didn't seem like they really found their place on any sort of supports. Kind of just felt like a new toy for like ADCs and some junglers. So, I was really bummed. Then, I was watching a challenger streamer last night and he was against an enemy bard that went gluttonous greaves and an on-hit build. Sort of an on-hit build. So, the build was Bandal Pipes, which is going to give you a little bit of attack speed, PTA, and then uh the new Gluttonous Greaves. So, really really crazy tech coming out of this guy and it looked really really fun and I figured I had to give it a chance. Uh, you guys know I love my bard so so much. So, anytime there is some new crazy tech on bard, I'm always the first to try it. Well, at least, you know, I I guess I'm the second to try it in this case. But, but yeah, let me know down in the comments if you guys have any other crazy bard tech you want to see. So, we are going to be going for some PTA uh adventures here. Boom. I think I actually have to flash this. That's crazy. Tomkinch all in is just a little too scary. So, we're going to go ahead and pop one of our potions, get our health packs going. So, P uh the the full runes, guys. We got PTA, Legend Haste, Triumph, Cut Down. We got magical footwear, and the jack of all trades. I've been preaching about Jack of all trades for a while now. It's just really, really, really good on every single champion in the support role. Oh, you think you taking my health packs, huh? You really think you're taking my health packs? You have you have teleport, sir. >> All right, so this is turns out kind of a hard lane to really interact with. Was kind of hoping we wouldn't be against a mage, but that is okay. We're going to make it work, guys. Going to get a W going there. Going to make a small excursion to pick up some chimes. The nice thing about go getting Chimes is that it gives you XP and it g basically creates, you know, temporarily another solo laner, which solo laner XP is just crazy crazy OP. So yeah, uh that's what we're going to be doing, guys. We're going to be tanky. We're going to have some nice sustain damage through our PTA and our increased attack speed with uh Bandal Pipes. Boom. Boom. going to get the last auto for PTA. That's okay, though. I just don't really think with the Zeras support, I don't really think we're going to be having like much actual kill pressure. But who knows? I could be wrong. It might just be like a roam angle, like let this guy kind of like wave clear, which case I will actually give him the uh the what's it called? The the health packs. I can come to this, but I have no mana, dude. going to have to start coming to me here. You are going the wrong direct direction, my boy. Ah, we can maybe fight this out. They kind of need to like engage on the TF, bro. You're going really deep. Tomkench is behind you. Come on, Zed. >> I'm so sad. I missed my Q. I missed my Q. So, I actually die now. God dang it. All right. Bit of a disaster start for the boy. I mean, dude, the the Fizz just sat there trading autos with the uh the war. Kind of low IQ, but it is what it is. I don't know. They might have even just straight up had a ward in that bush with a Zed was moving back and forth. Okay. Well, yeah, disastrous start. It is okay, though. Dang. Electrocute Zed with a Dor and shield just merckked me. We're going to be saving some gold with our magical footwear booties and on top of that getting what what are they called? Slightly magical versions of them. Just like 10 extra movement speed, which is really nice. Speed is everything on this champ. Don't know about the uh the Fizz jungle pick, but guess we'll find out. There we go. Nice pick or nice poke. Nice. Good laser. Good laser. Good laser. Got him stunned. Get him, boys. Are you joking me? Come on. Okay, he dies. He dies. He dies. I'm okay with that. I am okay with that. So, that's flash and flash. We take those boys. Considering I had no flash to get out of there, I think that is aok. Okay, we just going to be getting tankier and getting some early KP is really nice because also gives us earlier magical footwear. Um, this looks pretty tough. Not going to lie. I feel like my TF is definitely just going to die. Hi. Hi. Our auto attacks are looking a little pathetic early game. Kind of feels weird not having electrocute on bard too, but it's kind of like an invisible electrocute, right? We hit him three times and PTA rocks. RIP. All right, let's see if we can recover this slightly unfortunate start. Zera should be hitting level six before them. Nope, he's not. Wow. Wait, how does that even make sense? Should have gotten like quite a bit of solo XP. Health pack city, baby. Dude, Tom Kinch is just like the bane of my existence in bot lane right now. It feels like every time I'm against this champion, it is just psychotically strong. That landed. I think we could have alted. I think we can probably go, bro. Can look for like Q flash. He doesn't have Oh, he's getting Riverfruit, though. Bummer. I do think if we're going to have a kill pressure situation, it's got to be before Tomken's six. Nice. Definitely not killing this thing. This freaking nature champion. He's just so insanely like so insanely tanky for no reason. All right, we got a kill though. That's big. That's big. We are on the board, fellas. I didn't want that minion anyways. 200 damage from our PTA and I think it'll be a lot easier to proc it once we're out of lane from Tomkinch and once we're against champions that like actually take damage. We're going to we're going to get tankier through laning phase and then we'll be able to like, you know, stay in the fight longer, get PTA. All right, I have al. I can uh going to have to go on Tom though. Yeah, Tom is six now. I might be warded over there. I'm not sure. Yeah, if we uh if we engage on No, I wanted to live. It's whatever. It's another two for one. You know what? You guys got me. You got the bard. All right, it is time for Gluttonous Greaves. So, these are kind of a weird boot, right? We got 45 movement speed. Um, we're going to get the omnivamp uh and 40% omnivamp and then gain 0.6% omnivamp on champion takedown stacking up to 10 times. So, it's kind of a boot that you naturally will get stronger and stronger and more omnivamp from through the mid game. On my way to this, it's looking pretty fried. It's looking incredibly fried. >> Aha. Oh, he took a really safe TP there. Uh, buddy, what inarnation? Why? That is so funny. Oh my god. Oh, we can kill this guy. We can run him down. We can run him down. We can run him down. No. Do we really not going to be careful of Warwick al? I mean, there's no way he has alt, right? We just don't have the damage for this, bro. All right. All right, I got my first stack of gluttonous grieavves, though. Not too bad. Hard win. Now I know you're sub sub 2 IQ. What? What is everyone like arguing about? Why is everyone so mad? Oh, wait. I'm playing League of Legends. Of course, everyone is mad. It's embarrassing. Let's focus and win. Smile. >> Sometimes I forget I have to be like the uh the babysitter for the team as well. >> We needed a yellow card there, pal. All right, we're just going to abuse very, very frequent resets here, guys. Oh, he does 2v1. Nice. My goat. Actually, I need a 100 more gold. So, I guess we'll just stay up. >> I think if I tunnel in, he's going to alt, do all his damage, and then shadow out. Yeah, I genuinely have no idea what Darius is complaining about, but he probably doesn't either. It's like, uh, guys, something bad happened 5 minutes ago, and I just want to remind you of it. Like, why is every why is everyone that plays this game like such a loser? All right, now we're going to be going for Blood Song. Baby card's a very, very good Blood Song abuser. All right, so we're going to go for this and then we're going to go into Leandre's. I mean, we could go something like static shiv. Actually, maybe we go dead man's here. Get some armor against the zed. They have 4 AP though. It's kind of tough to justify going armor. I'm here now. Every single time I auto attack, I just get a nice little attack speed buff. Got him son. Got him son. Got him sunned. Nice. Good stuff. We can keep fighting. Keep fighting. I'm tanky, baby. And I got Omnivamp. Fist. What the hell? My jungler is so lost. Just hitting him. I'm just hitting him. I'm just hitting him. Boom. Got the PTA active. Dude, look at this. 600 damage for PTA. Wait a second. Wait a second. Wait, that's actually kind of lit. That's actually kind of insane. And now that I'm like a little bit more tanky. Ouch. actually like get the PTA off. I got to be careful. He might just like Q flash me. Uh we'll leave some head uh health packs and then just take a reset, I guess. All right, let's go. Yeah, let's go for Leandre's here. Honestly, we could go Nasher's Tooth, which would be like kind of funny, but I think that's kind of troll. Nice dodge. Nice dodge. He has no mana. Oh, he has TP, though. Get his TP back. It's kind of just tough to like pick these guys cuz like I have to alken or else Bran just gets scooped. No, dude. I Doesn't matter. It does matter. Tom Kench would have got me on the flash auto, but wow, that was actually insane. Guys, we are just man mode barred, bro. I do not I do not care. We got another stack of our gluttonous greaves. We're grabb haunting guys. This is We getting a little wacky with it, fellas. I I'll front line, dude. I'll front line. Listen, Zerith is the king of playing for KDA, bro. This guy is never going to front line. He's never going to start a play. He's never going to do anything. If I want something to happen, I need to get in there and make it happen. All right, the stars. It the joke is not funny anymore, bro. It's a mute. Oh my god. Oh my god. Go ahead and like the video if you haven't for that freaking Bard stun, guys. They just got cooked. They got fried. They got grilled. They got broiled. I love bard, man. I love bard so so much. Huh? Huh? >> That was brave. I don't even know what else to say, dude. That was brave. A bummer. Oh, he messed up his Q though. We got him. We got him. >> 900 damage on the PTA. Oh, baby. All right, we finally have a positive KDA, too. 54 and six. Can we push this? I'll push this. Yo, the gluttonous griege, though, boys. is the gluttonous. I'm starting to see I'm starting to see it, man. I'm start honestly I don't know if it's actually made the difference. It almost made the difference in this play over here. If we had survived with one HP, I would have been a gluttonous greed believer forever. You know, f this game. Wish Tom would honestly just leave lane so I can get the XP. Is Is it just me that this happens to? Like is does do you guys have this experience where it feels like everyone on both teams is just the biggest crybaby little maybe it's just my experience. I don't know. It's It's wild how consistent it is though. All right, we got our jack off all trades proed. We got I don't have alt Dang. If my ulti was up just two seconds sooner. >> No way. Speed him up. Disgusting. >> Oh my god. I can block the queue. I can block the Q. I'm blocking the Q. 1300 damage from PTA, bro. What? The Zed was one HP, so we knew he reset. I mean, low key, I'm kind of down to uh Is this guy a fault? Oh my god. Oh my god. I love this TF. TF You my boy. You are my freaking See, that's what I'm talking about, man. When I have someone that like actually commits to the play with me, almost every single play works. I'm not I'm not flaming this Zerath, but you know how Zerath players. My bad. I forgot. I forgot people come back to life in this game. Mage on mage action. Oh my god. Oh, he didn't see this one coming. but now he's dead, bro. Wait. Oh, what's happening, man? All right, I'm going to go Dead Man's just because I really, really like the item. >> I got to say, 1,400 damage on PTA plus we're getting big value from going this uh precision tree as well. Like look, 300 extra gold from triumph. That's basically an extra kill. 930 damage from cut down. Oh, can this guy kill me? Genuinely the craziest sequence I've had in a week. Oh my god. Oh my god. Tell me I didn't just do that to them as support the greatini. You thought you had him but he always maketh the enemy disappear. Bro, tell me I didn't just do that to them as bard support. I I solo killed their mid laner. Old their jungler and their support into the dragon. Dodge the tom. Oh my god, man. I love this champion, bro. I love this champion so so much. I've got red buff now. I mean, honestly, got him. Oh, I didn't get him slowed. Uhoh. What is this, dude? They're literally five in our jungle. Guys, do you not realize you have a top lane? That was weird. They literally sent five people under a jungle. You got me. You got me. Doesn't matter. I got the gluttonous greaves all the way stacked up. Yeah, I just don't I I thought about going something like Bork. I think we will go Bourc next though. We'll go Dead Man's Plate into Bork for Tomkinch. This is so fun. Like I am having the time of my life right now, honestly. Oh, >> pick this up. You got a Tomkinch coming in behind you. This is a This is a crazy game. Honestly, this is this game could go either way. I see you, Bozo. Your turret has destroyed. >> Yo, it's like my Zerath just doesn't care at all about my life. That's crazy. I got abandoned. Whatever. Oh. Tom Kinch still has the scoop. Yep, there it is. Play together, heart. Got ocean drake coming up in a minute. Yeah, the the full movement speed. Warwick level 15 just sprinting at I hate junglers. I hate junglers. I hate jungle gaps. Okay, it's not the worst jungle gap in the world because we do have two dragons. That's all I can ask for. As long as long as my jungler gives me like something literally anything, you know. Oh my god. >> Wait, what if we went to like Baron here? Wait, what if we go Baron? Actually, we have five people top side. Zed is bot. Win is dead. There's no ward. Nice. Bursted him through the grey health. Excellent. See, that's how you're supposed to do Baron, man. Like, you don't necessarily have to like finish it. You use it to bring them in and fight in unfavorable circumstances. Very nice. Very nice. You know what I mean? You use it as an objective. It's not like the end all be all. You have to kill it. You use it to make them funnel in, check for vision, get caught, and then you fight them. Good stuff. Yeah, I just aled my Fizz so he could get off like another rotation of spells. Stunned up the Tom Kinch so we couldn't gray health. I'm way too invested on this red buff, bro. >> He really thought he was He really thought he was going to get that. All right, dead mans. And now we're going Bork. Now we're going Bork, baby. Yeah, I feel like I'm doing like disgusting amounts of damage while also being insanely tanky and like providing utility cuz remember anytime I'm auto attacking the big circle around me from bandal pipes is giving people attack speed. Another dragon. I love it when my team listens to Baron calls, bro. Oh, ta. Oh. Oh, nice yellow card into Zerithal. That's pretty That's pretty broken. Free inhib. >> All right, let's get out of here. Guys, we are we are getting out of here, right? 3,000 damage from my Leandre. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. I just love this dude. 20 2200 damage from PTA. I'm just There's nothing more satisfying than Bard auto attacks like actually dealing damage. Try it, Warick. Try it. See what happens. Uhoh. Get off of me, bro. Oh my. Well, I didn't expect to get double alted by them. I think they lose the fight because of that, but you did it. You guys killed the bard. Weird way to spin your ultimates, but okay. Oh, Brand is dead, too. I think that's just game. We have a super wave mid now. I'm kind of bummed out. What? What an anticlimactic end for Bard. >> Oh, wait. They didn't help him endur. >> They went bot instead. I don't think it is over now. Tomkinch can saw for 5 seconds. Nah, no, no, no. Wait, we actually don't end the game now. >> I mean, I'm that makes me happy. I want more gameplay. destroyed a turret >> or bard fun. >> Your team has destroyed a turret. All right. Well, now I am well aware that they very well just might triple alt me. I'll keep that in mind. If nothing else, we have soul coming up in 2 minutes, so we could just play for that. Uhhuh. Can push. We probably should have pushed one more mid wave so that this is actually like pressuring them. They're all just going to be able to sit here and like defend this. Oh, Warwick is mid. I missed. Did I? I can't see. Oh, big stun. Big stun. Big stun. I'm autoing. I'm going crazy. Oh, the Q flash. No, wait. Did we lose that? Wait, we lost that fight. Wait, what? >> Unless Unless. Yeah, we lost. >> Give the pentto, bro. Give the pinto. All right, the game continues, guys. It is It is truly one of those games kind of just back and forth. Lots of lots of silly nonsense, but I like a little bit of silly nonsense in my life for whimsy maxing. Yeah, I think this is the gluttonous. It's tough to tell if like they made like a big difference this game. You know what I mean? Like I've definitely enjoyed having them. The idea of having 10% omnivamp, but it's tough to tell without like seeing the numbers how much they've actually given us back. You can check the stat I think at the end of the game from like life steal. But it it'll still be hard to like quantify like, oh, did that actually like turn any specific fights? Oh. Okay. Uh, don't think we should be doing this. Ah, spooked them. We >> should just go get our our soul here, guys. >> Their turrets are back. So, there's no reason to fight under their turrets. We could just go get the dragon. All right, team wants to try to end. I mean, it's probably it's probably doable. Okay, it's definitely doable now with the pick on Brand. A nice little stun. Okay. Yeah, it's definitely doable. All right. Good call in the end, I guess. GG's, boys. 99 and 16. Not too bad. My ADC died a single time that game. All right. Well, there it is, guys. That is an on hitish still tanky building style of bard that I saw being played by a challenger player. So let's take a look at the stats because I think we did a good amount of damage. We were we were definitely in there. Yeah, our damage was pretty nuts. We we outdamaged the Zarath, which is pretty crazy. And then I can't actually see how much damage we healed because Riot's client is really really bad. But anyways, I I don't know. You tell me guys. What do you think about the gluttonous greaves? I love playing new builds on board. So, I definitely want to try this one out. So, let me know what you guys think about the build chat in the comments, boys. Take it easy. We saw
