Title: THE FULL SEASON 16 TEEMO GUIDE TO NEW ITEMS AND RUNES
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXS1kQ5Ij7Q

Content:
Hey YouTube, how the heck we doing? We're going to be going over everything for your Swift Scout Teemo in season 2026. This includes runes, items, roles, and how to generally play Teemo. So, get ready for a lot of info. There's some new changes, not the craziest, but still enough. So, make sure to pay attention. So, we're going to start with the builds first that will follow up with the runes after. So, I looked over everything. I put together these builds for the scout. Now, this is what I think is going to be the best because we don't know. We have to play the game and figuring it out together. But being a multi-roll, multi-season challenger team mode, this is what my intuition will tell me. So, we're going to start with the first the best build. So, and again, we're going to get into runes after. We're going to do builds first, runes after. It'll make all the sense by the the end. This is [clears throat] going to be the best build. I intend this to be for top lane, mid lane, and ADC since support and jungle work separately with the support item and the jungle item, right? So, it's for top, mid, and ADC. The best build. So, one thing to note, you will not see Gumblade because for some reason it's not in the shop, but Gumblade is in this build. So, I do think we're going to be making the switch to Doran's blade starting first season 2026. That is because Doran's blade will stack nicely with the gunlade, creating a good amount of sustainability, survivability in the form of omnivamp. Now, again, Doran's ring has been meta for a while. Dark seal had its time in the sun. These will be fine, right? It's not like you build these items, you're trolling. I just think we're not looking for that level one, two, or three kill anymore, and we're looking to get that gunlade item as our spike. So, this will make your early game a little bit worse in favor of a better after the early game. Now, the big thing why we don't go Dorne's Blade is because, oh my god, we're wasting the AD. AD on Teemo doesn't scale. Well, this isn't that big of a problem anymore because Gunlad is going to give you AD as well. So, it's not like, you know, it's a compounding effect there. If we're building 40 AD already, what's another 10? It's not like you're losing infinite value. Again, slightly weaker early game now, but I do think this will be the start. Now, for your boots, it's always going to depend on your runes when we get there. Remember, berserker greases are for prey attack. Sorc boots are for nonpressy attack. You can always go defensive boots, but I think that's going into the niche category, the very specific. I want this guide to be good for everybody. I don't want this guide to be only good for challenger players. I want this for everybody. So, when you go into defensive boots, gets really niche. It gets really situational. We're trying to avoid that. So, berserkers for pressy attack, boots for non-pressy attack. Now, again, gumblade will be the first item. So, this build, Gumblade is first. So, we're going to use dagger as gunblade here. So, this will be your gunblade. Gun blade is going to be a rush item because of that AD. That AD will actually be useful in lane because you can build the vamp scepter where building that gunlade later in the game will be absolutely useless. So, generally I'm going be rushing vamptor sustain is good right for laning phase. So, it'll be vamptor into gunblade into dusk and dawn. This to me is just going to be replacing Nash's tooth, right? Because this between if you look at this and Nash side by side, this is just more friendly for overall teaming. 70 AP, 80 AP, no health, 300 health. 25 attack speed versus 50 attack speed. But I think 25 is more than enough. 20 AP ability haste, 15 ability haste. This is the [clears throat] spell bleed. What? Right. This is the on hit damage. This on hit damage is very little. the spellb blade's going to just be better because it applies your onhit effect which is all you know it'll be damage with on hit also your poison that's just made for team I think dusk and dawn is just going to replace Nashers in every build so again it's going to be gumlade into dusk and dawn and then I have void and death cap here but really it's going to be situational so this is always going to be fine right if you want just one build okay gunlade dust of dawn Leandre injuries, void, death, death cap. That would be like your allaround build. However, I want you guys to be building situationally, right? These are my situational items. So, Gumblade, Dusk of Dawn, right? And these are actually situational. So, it would be, hey, are they pretty tanky? Leandre. Hey, are they stackmr void staff? Hey, do you need to survive? Hey, are they all squishy and you're fed shadow flame? Hey, would a shroom build work good here? Malignance. Hey, do you have dark seal 40 stacks? Go death cap. Right. So, this is actually situational. Now, I will just put it here. This will always be good. So, if you just want one build, gunlade, dusk of dawn, Leandre's void set, death cap, that'll always be good. But I do think the situational approach is the best. This is what I will think will be the best build for season 2026. So, if that's what you wanted to, hey, have a nice day. You got the info. However, I do think this build is going to have a lot of promise. This might be the Trojan horse. So, we all know on Hit Teimmo has been pretty bad recently. The items just don't make sense for on hit teammo. Well, that might change in the new season because Dusk and Dawn again is going to be perfect for Teemo. It is the perfect item for Teemo. So there is a world we go on hit Teemo. Instead of going tanky, we're actually going just full glass cannon with a Zagna's kicker. So I'm going to explain the sauce process in a second here. So the start's going to be the same for this build. You will always have to go berserkers, which is on hit. [clears throat] Now what I think will be the best on hit build, and again, this is the Trojan horse. This is my personal opinion. I'm be testing this. It might it might turn out to be a dud, but I don't think it will. So, what I think will be the best is Ragelade first item. That gets everything rolling. First item, Ragelade has been insanely strong for a while now. But again, Dusk of Dawn is going to be an insane item, right? This item is tailor made for Teemo. It's going to be insane. This is why I think on Hit Team will be good because now we're replacing a bad option. Before this, our option was with Sendend, right? Runan's hurricane. Not really the strongest item. replacing a bad option with a good option. That could change on Hit Teimo, right? So, I think Dusk of Dawn second and then it's going to be either Terminus third or Nasher's third. I'm not quite sure which, right? Um, but it's going to be one of these two. We'll have to test it. We're going to do Na. We're going to do Terminus for now and then Zna's kicker. So, the whole theory of this is, hey, on it Teemo is hard to play and it's bad because you have to auto a lot as a squishy Teemo. Well, I think this season we might just nut up and get it done. Oh, Shelby just grabbed a swagger toy. We'll show him in a second. This season I think these items might be worth that risk, right? Quality item ragelade, quality item, desk of dawn, quality item in terminus. These items might be worth the risk of potentially dying. But I do this in my games where I go full AP, full squish, but I have the one zas as a defensive because if you can use the zas properly, you can survive any game, any team fight, right? You don't have to go into the traditional tanky options, the dead man's plate, the force of nature, the the abyssal mesh. You don't have to go into those tanky options. Use this as your one tank option. So, I think this will be a brave build, right? We're going to have to work it out together. Again, I think um I think it's going to be these three into Zagnas. And the Zagna is is movable, right? So, if you feel like this is enough damage, you need survivability, it work like this. That gives it flexibility, right? You can go Za's third item if you feel like you already have the damage, right? Or if you need more damage or you don't feel threatened, you can go Za's fourth item, fifth item, right? But I think this might, again, I'm feeling really strong about this build potentially being the dark horse. So, this is what I think will be my favorite build. This is on hit Teemo. Also, you're just a badass saying, "Hey, I can play on hit," right? So, this will be for top, mid, and ADC as well. This will also be for jungle, right? Because [clears throat] jungle, this build path is the same. Right now, um, gunblade, right, gunlade, we might be working into this build, we might not be. I'm not quite sure yet. If you need gunblade for on hit Teemo, we're going to have to we're going to have to see where Gunblade fits in this. If we need it, if we don't need it, that's that's where the dark horse element comes in, right? Is a gunlade first item, then we build our attack speed. Is it gunlade, you know, not in this build and we go full glass? We'll have to find out [clears throat] and we'll see, right? But this is going to be my dark horse and you guys can join in. Is this going to be broken? Are you going to try it? I think this will be the ticket. Now, those are the common builds, right? So, I'm not going to go over every single item that could be good or could work out. For example, right, this item actualizer is not going to be good on Teemo. That's going to be strictly for fun. Ludens, I think, will be underwhelming. Why would you build Ludens when you could build malignance, right? [clears throat] Lichbane is going to be outdated. Dusk and Dawn is just better. This is not actually in the game. This is arena only. Uh, where are the other new items? I think there's one more we're missing. Perhaps Horizon Focus, right? It kind of just falls flat. So, we're not I'm not going to include all the items that I don't use, right? I think these items are just under the tier, right? So, now one build I left out is full AP Teemo, right? If you notice here, you don't see a full AP Teemo. What I mean by that is no attack speed items, right? There are some Teemo players that are going no attack speed. to like malignant's first item into just void staff, Leandre's all that. I don't think that will be good in season 2026. I don't see how you don't build that is double negative. You should be building Dusk and Dawn for every [clears throat] AP build. This item just looks insanely good, right? So, full AP Teemo with no attack speed. I don't think that is going to be playable. I don't see why you should do that. I feel like you're just gimping yourself. It also just feels like crap, right? So, I'm not going to be including that here. I'm not going to make that build. I think it's bad. You know, if you build it, it's like the beauty of Teemo is that every Teemo build will work. So, you can build no attacks and still climb. That's fine. But I'm talking what are going to be the best builds here, right? I'm talking the best of the best. Um, so now we move on to Teemo Jungle, right? Teemo jungle very specific build with the power spikings and how you approach the game. So, Dusk [clears throat] and Dawn again off the rip. Now, you're going to notice something here. No gunblade. You do not build gunblade in the jungle because you do not need the omnivamp. That's the big one. You don't need omnivamp. You heal from the camps. No gunlade in the jungle ever. If you build gun in jungle, you're messing up. It just won't be worth it because you already heal from the camps. You're already full HP all the time. That little bit of omnivamp you get from a team fight will not be worth it. So, no gunblade in the jungle. That's a big deciding factor. And then again, you do the situational build. Now, in the jungle, right, you can go two pages, which we'll get to. Same as always. Berserk or grease for pressy attack, sorc boots for nonpressy attack. Um, and again, situational build. Now, again, with the on hit build, right? When we go on hit, this might be better. So, this Te-Mo jungle build is a is the best build, right? Same thing without gumlade, but this could very well turn into on hit teammo build. So again, I think the best build it will be the best on spawn, but the on hit teammo might be better. So these are going to be the two builds I'm rocking, right? I'm going to be doing some variation of these two builds. They're pretty similar, so you can't really go wrong. And again, the difference between jungle, right, because we're a multi-roll gamer here, no gunlade. Now, last but not least, support. Support's very unique. support is a one to two item power spike only. Right? One to two items. You can rush malignance first or you can rush Leandre's first. That's it. That's all you're doing, right? So, I prefer malignance first. I like the more damage, but if you prefer Leandre's, that's fine. And then if you get the two items, you just build the other one. The reason why you rush these two items because they are all in the base damage, right? Their damage is flat. Their damage doesn't scale off of AP. It's like, hey, you get this damage, you get these stats. There's no if ends or buts. So, you build these because they're good base damage items. [clears throat] You could rush either first. It doesn't matter. Build the other ones second. I put my default boots as swifties. I'll be honest, it doesn't really matter. Like, there is an argument if you want to build lucidity boots or that's fine because you get more mana from that support item. That would be fine. If you want to build sword boots, more damage, that'll be fine. Want to build berserkers for more autos, that would be fine. Totally up to you. I put swifties here because I like to roam, but really the boots does not matter. And support Teemo again, it's in its own ball game. So that will cover everything on hit. Teemo and best build will be top mid in ADC. Teemo jungle is by itself in the jungle. Supports by itself in the support. Again, best build will for sure be the best build on spawn. On hitimo will be our Trojan horse. So now we're going to go with the runes to pair him with the runes now which I have all set up as well. So Teemo has a pretty concrete meta and these runes don't change from season 2025. So it's just a refresh or more of changes. We are seeing outdated runes be phased out. Nobody is really using fleet anymore. It got nerfed to an oblivion. Lethal tempo has always been worse than prey attack. Electrocute is sleeper in my opinion and we'll get to that. Hail Blades unfortunately has been nerfed. Look at that nerf. Range champs get 80%. Melee champs get 160. That's complete BS. This rune has been shot and killed for Teemo, right? And then AR is just outdated. Although I think AR is good. People don't really use it anymore. It fell off, right? Grasp got nerfed to the ground. It gives 40% value as a range champ and that got nerfed recently as well. So, just fell off, right? Phase rush also got nerfed. First strike is one of my all-time favorite picks and I think it has its uses, but again, very niche. I want this to be general guide. So, those are all the runes you're not going to use and why you're not going to use them. They just all got nerfed to oblivion. These are the runes you will be using. So, start with the most popular, press the attack, right? Press the attack has been a staple for Teemo. Getting three autos is very manageable. Auto, auto, auto, then Q, right? Or auto Q, auto, auto auto, and you get three procs and all that damage. It's a staple for Teemo. He's a Teemo is best defined as a marksman mage, right? Because you have to auto, but you also have that full AP element to you. So, he's kind of like a blend of a marksman mage. press attack lends itself well to that. So, I like to go triumph, although absorb life is also fine. Elacrity is a go-to. I like to go cut down a lane, but realistically, it doesn't matter. They're all kind of whatever. Now, the secondary is totally up to you, right? Secondary for top, mid, ADC, and support, right? These these are this is for all lanes. Jungle will be separate. So, top mid ADC, support, the secondary is up to you. And there's a couple different combos you can use. You're going to be the most common, right? The most common is Sler and Nimbus Cloak. You have a lot of movement speed, right? This would be good versus a Darius top, right? You're versing a Blitzcrank support. You're versing a Synra mid, you have to dodge. This will be good if you have to dodge, right? Movement speed's always good on Teemo. Absolute focus is also good if you want to pop off early game. Absolute focus manifold ban would be fine as well, right? Popular combinations. You can also go for a shroom setup, right? Taste of blood ultimate hunter. This would be good for your shroomies. Then you also have a tanky setup which I don't recommend. I think this is kind of fell off a little bit, but you can go tanky where you go overgrowth from more HP. You go bone plating or second wind depending on your lane. And then of course you have a scaling setup, right? Biscuits and and cash back is a popular scaling setup. You can go tonic and cash back. I don't recommend this page. I think that's a little bit too crazy. But it really doesn't matter your secondary runes, right? So, kind of pick whatever is favorite. Don't stress out about it too much. You can go with the old I'm going to pick one room page and one build for every game. That's viable. Or you can do it by lane. That's also viable. Totally up to you. Now, the shards, you always go for the first attacks v1. It's infinite value. This will always be better than 9P or the haste. This secondary shard has been generating a lot of buzz, though. The movement speed shard is viable because 2.5% movement speed when you have 400 movement speed is a lot. I'm not going to embarrass myself and do the math. But movement speed shard is actually viable. It is weaker early game, stronger general gameplay, right? So feel free to use that if you'd like. Scaling health is always the go-to, right? You're going to get your levels. If you're playing support, you should go flat health, but scaling health is going to be the go-to for everything else. So this is the most common page. You pair pressy attack with berserker boots. You have an insane power spike for 1100 gold. Right. Most common page for sure. Now top and mid. The second rune page. Again, the secondary spiel is going to be this exact same. Go whatever the heck you want, but I think electrocute is one of the most slept on rune pages, right? It does a pretty considerable amount of damage. And for Teemo, you auto Q auto. That's a clean combo. Auto Q auto, you pop electrocute. So, I do recommend going electrocute when you have lanes where you can't auto that much, right? Electrocute versus cannon is gonna be so much better than pressy attack, right? Um, now keep in keep in mind this is for top and mid only, right? I don't recommend this for ADC and support. All right, very big deciding factor here because top and mid is a slower paced game, right? top and mid and electrocute trade level one could decide the lane. Electrocute trade level six could decide the lane, right? So, electric cade will be big punch, big value, big damage. Now, Dark Harvest, I do recommend this for ADC and support. The reason why is because it's not going to be as strong level one or for that punch, but the upside is crazy, right? bot lane with ADC and support. You have two chances of getting Dark Harvest if a fight goes well. Also, this is used top and mid as well. It's just less boom and more just like general gameplay, right? So, Dark Harvest is going to be the most popular. A lot of people run it. It's good for top and mid. I don't recommend using it top and mid all too often unless the lane is really non-threatening. I'd rather have the electrocute for the top of mid, but you can run dark harvester top mid and you definitely should run in for ADC and support if you're not going to go the prey attack route. So again, a lot to handle. Let's just break it down so far. Little midway stop items. We have our builds, the runes. You have top mid AC support press attack, top mid AC support jungle, top mid only electric. Now the jungle pages going to be completely different, right? Jungle's very specific role and team of jungle is popular. You have two pages for that. Start pressy attack. This is going to be early game focused, right? Early game page. Early game. I want to win the game early. I want to fight early. Pressy attack is going to be your biggest punch. Look at the secondary. There's been a shakeup recently. A lot of people are still running old tech. This was the old tech here, right? Boots, cosmic insight. This attack is now outdated. Triple tonic is shrimply better than cosmic insight. At level three, you get 50 gold. The elixir of of Avarest gives you 50 gold flat. You also do more damage to minions, right? Level six, you get an elixir force that gives 30 AP if I'm remembering correctly. So, you have a one time I'm stronger than you card. Level 9, you get an extra skill point. This is just better than having more smites because you're not going to use item haste. Having more smites, the summoner spell haste is just not as good as triple tonic. So, this is included in every jungle room page because you don't need to have solarity nimbus cloak. don't need these. You're you don't need movement speed to kite the camps, right? The reason is why this is the major jungle. You don't need these one v one aspect room pages. You're not going to need bone plating for a jungle camp. Solarity nimbus cloak for jungle camp. So, you go for general health the game. So, this is my prey attack jungle page. And again, same secondary here. You can go movement speed, but again, I like the 9 AP for a faster clear. And then dark harvest has been picking up. I again I'll be transparent. I like prey attack better. I like playing for the early game, but Dark Harvest has its value, right? When you get rolling, Dark Harvest is the best rune. It's the best rune when you have over 20 stacks, right? I just would rather play the early game. That's my play style, but both are correct. So, that is going to be every rune and build for Teemo. Top jungle, mid ADC support. Now again, new season, a lot of craziness is going to come on. Check the stream in a week. Check the YouTube videos in a week. Maybe some sleeper item is broken, right? Maybe we were wrong, right? Maybe the Teemo console decides that this build, that build. This is just my first impressions, my intuition on what I think will be the best builds, what I think you should be running off the rip. So, go out there and go win some games. Let's have a happy season 2026. And I'll catch y'all every day on the YouTube and stream for some freaking fun this season.
