Title: Summoner Spells for ADCs - Everything You Need To Know!
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3Y_8gS6bW4

Content:
Hi everyone. It's time to talk about summer verse. This is something I never ever talk about because I'm like, hey, we pick barrier every game and we call it a day. It's the best one, right? Well, yes, but I mean, if you just take a look at a random website here, analytics, let's say, and look at the win rates here, it's like, yeah, bar is the highest, but then wait, ghost is pretty good. Cleanse is not bad either. Exhaust is pretty damn good. What TP? I mean this sample size is small for TP. But wait, it means we could have options and so on. All right, let me explain my idea. First of all, uh I'll show you a clip. Uh I did this yesterday. I was against Lucian and Zed. So I decided, you know what? I'm taking exhaust. As you can see, I have exhaust. Look down here. I have exhaust. I took exhaust. And this is what happened. Level six, no items. I have a call. Lucia is level seven, pickaxe and the hammer, right? So, it's got 134 AD versus my 94. And look at this. Milo doesn't need to be a hero. I would have won anyway. But wait, the exhaust made a big difference. The exhaust was crazy. Yeah, Luca didn't take the best fight, but theoretically I should be losing this always, but here we exhaust his basic attacks. His Q like no damage. By the way, his Q is what he maxes. That's the most of his damage early game and does another basic bar does anything. It's kind of like damn. And then you you see barriers. Barrier gets destroyed by ultimate instant. It doesn't even matter. It's just it's insane. It's crazy. Honestly, exhaust made a difference here. So, let's talk about um all the summoner spells and what they do and which one you should take. I don't know if I should use the wiki or the client. Let's use the client for now. So, barrier, this is this is the idea I have going forward. barrier is a good default and you should take especially when they have let's say a mage like a zeraf and stuff like that or long range in general because it just blocks damage you don't have to target anything just blocks damage exhaust on the other hand when they have a Tristana Lucian uh nasi like ring or zed those guys jump on you Diana maybe they jump on you And you can't do much unless you have flash to flash away and there is attack word. But the thing is that exhaust is point and click and it has relatively short range. Unlike when you play Jinx, let's say you want to stay max range, you're not going to exhaust the Zeraf. It's too far away. But you're going to exhaust the Rengar that's jumping on top of you to destroy their burst. So I would pick exhaust against those champions. Then ghost. I think ghost is actually not bad when enemies have, you know, a lot of melees, a lot of front line, not that much dive and you are kind of expecting to play a front to back team comp, especially if the enemies also have like, let's say, hyper carry like a Z or something. Ghost sounds very good. It's going to help you so much in Midame especially. It's so so so so nice. And then the other option I'm thinking about is cleanse. Cleanse against in this example shows against Ashimate. Insanely good. Cleanse against Leona Lilia TF. Good option. I don't see why not. I I used it sometimes already anyway. So that's really not changed. And then another option would be ignite if you know this suffers the problem that exhaust kind of has. You need to be close to the enemies to use it. So only if you are playing Tristana Lucian, if you want to bully enemies, you could maybe take it. I'm probably never going to take it with Jinx, right? But maybe another ADC can test it, see how it goes. If you think you can win very hard with it or if they have a lot of healing in lane like a Soraka, maybe it's a good idea to apply Grievous wound as well. And then teleport is something I haven't tried yet. And I would love to try teleport against mages because if they arise pick mages bot lane, you could take barrier which is nice against mages as I mentioned already. Just box damage from afar. And then teleport is a good pick against mages because mages take teleport on bot. If enemies pick a mage bot, they use teleport like 90% of the time. So if you see a mage boat, you're like, "Ah, I'll take teleport and match their TP." Cuz what they do is like they could shove a wave and then they like, "Oh, they left, so I'm going to shove a wave and recall." But then they TP and then you can't recall anymore. It's awkward. Maybe you could use teleport as well to match them. Just an idea, you know. So these are kind of the options we have. Heal is not that good. Why take heal when you have barrier? Barrier just gives you more and does the same thing. Yeah, heal gives you a bit of movement speed. I know, but I feel like bar is a bit better, especially cuz it's lower cool down. This is 4 minutes. This is 3 minutes. So, that's a bit nicer in my opinion. Again, like maybe I'm wrong, but I feel like heal should be picked by enchanters because enchanters really love to take heal and shield power, which also amplifies heal. If you have Millio, they're going to pick heal a lot of the time. So, you know, uh go for body instead. Smite is for junglers. Clarity is a mark is a those are your options. So I hope this makes sense. And if you want to look at some data here together uh let's see uh data is not always 100% accurate and so on. But let's just check out this is emerald plus. Okay plus you get above there. You see the V rates are quite close. Very very good. But something that was very surprising is the fact that exhaust is a 61% V rate. I know it's only 200 games because yesterday I played one game with exhaust and I won. Uh I legit made the win rate go up by 0.5%. Just just one game, right? The step is very tiny. But it just goes to show that if you don't default to barrier and you pick exhaust when it makes sense, you pick ghost when it makes sense, you pick cleanse when it makes sense, TP when it makes sense. This is too small of a sample size. I think it's very solid. I think we should do it. I'm going to try it and I'll tell you how it goes. You know, I think it's just a good idea. Especially in Ghost. I'm very excited about Ghost because when they have Olaf and Trinda, you got to run away. Okay. Ghost might help you. So maybe maybe it's a good idea. We'll see, right? I'll just let you know how it goes and hopefully try it as well. I hope it makes sense. Remember, they have long range stuff barrier. They have a ton of CC cleanse and you expect front to back. They don't really have that much dive kind of want to run away and play team fights. Well, it's kind of easy lane maybe ghost. Uh they have super dive, assassin, Lucian, Tana, stuff like that. Exhaust and TP against mages, right? And then I don't know about I'm not going to take it. And that's kind of my idea and we'll see how it goes. I'll just I'll just keep you updated in a few weeks and I'll tell you how it goes. Until then, hopefully you try it as well. Tell me how it goes for you. And I'll see you next time.
