Title: SEASON 16 TOPLANE TIER LIST FOR ALL RANKS + EXPLANATION
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Eoyf-Echy8

Content:
You know, since not made a tier list, I think we can split a tier list the way I like to do it in two different brackets. So, we can do a quote unquote lower and more tier list, which I don't mean in the coal setting manner, but just objective from iron to emerald and then from emerald and above. See, I'll do from emerald and above first because I've only played changer level games since the release. So, I know that one a little bit better. Then what I will do is I'm going to do S like I'm just going to do S+ as in broken. Then I'll do A B C and I would say it's like only useful as a counter pick or and then I'll make one more bracket which would be I always have a wooden recommend. Good. Okay, your entire blow emerald though. Okay, then we can reverse it. We can start lower ELO but then I'm going to need some guidance too. I'll do my general feelings, but I want to check the stats sometimes as well. So I use Lolithics and you can just sort to top lane and we'll go to gold plus, right? So you get a bit of the average. I'm not good at reading stats, but I'm just curious to see like Jerry speaking what's up, right? Uh, let's go in order two. So, Atrox. Okay, there was one homie that I know, Luca, my arrow buddy, actually, who's currently changer playing Aatrox. But past that, I believe there are currently no other Changer top lane players on Aatrox because Atrox has a lot of say hindrances. He plays Aatrox with electric flesh ignite food damage every game. That's good because then you actually have kill pressure and damage, right? My issue always with AOX, especially in the lower ELO environment, too, is that he's good for lane. You can lane against like melee champions, bruisers, tanks, range champion, like you can lane to everything, but it's really hard to single-handedly. Yeah. And now you sorry, but it's very hard to single-handedly carry a game with Atrox because you mostly play through team fighting, not through like split push and stuff like this. Now, that I guess I give a little bit of context and I recommend players to play like X champion and lower MMR. I would recommend a champion that has like very clear wing conditions. So either like really good split pushing, um really good scaling, really good like stat check in lane, uh these kind of things, right? But Hog is a little bit of everything. I'm going to put him C. We can just every time I select a champion, we'll verify it in the list. And well, he's down. Where was he? I saw him pretty low. I put him in C though. I would generally speaking not recommend the champion. Akali, however, see the thing is Akali is definitely S tier in Hyo right now. The champion is disgustingly broken. I believe mostly due to gunlade being introduced. It's just literally an item for her. Before I'd only have her as a counter pick to melee champions. The thing is Akali has a very high skill ceiling. So I don't know how she would play towards lower M wars because when you have a champion like Akali, right, she has insane ling right now, good sustain, but not the best scaling, not good split pushing, not good like and you're good at team fighting, right? You're good at skirmishing, but it's not as easy to win a game as Akali than it is for example with a champion like Mundo or say Set or Garen towards lower MRS, right? So even though she has a lot of benefits right now, if let's say you're a silver player, right? You go 80 as a Kali in lane, you might not be skilled enough to translate that 80 skill or like lead into like an easy win. Whereas if you're 80 on Mundo, you're going to win like 90% of your games. So that is why as a baseline, I just wouldn't recommend this champion too much. But I would say she's better than Atrox. I just want to verify what her stats would be like. Where do I see her here? B. I [snorts] think that's fair. And I'll put a B. She's so broken. Very high skill ceiling. and her skill floor like like how easy it is to play is pretty high, right? Which is already like harder for her to play in say the lower ammo. If you're like emerald elo platinum, I think it's fine to be like Ambessa, but very low elo. I don't think she's that easy to to to execute and uh and and function too well. Good ling phase, good scaling, good side laning, but not insanely easy. I'm hesitant between A and B. I'm leaning towards B, but let's see where her win is at. She's D tier. That's interesting. I'm going to keep around B, though. the the only reason why she's this low, I'm assuming, is because she's so hard to play, right? Um, but if you're like emerald, I would recommend this champion. And so, since we're doing iron to emerald, I'm still going to keep her around Btier. Also, this is gold. I checking, right? Ania top. There's a few players that play it. I just simply going to say wouldn't recommend. There's one guy right now in EU. I'm going to shout him out cuz he said he wants to make a video together. Tissue 9. I played against him twice. Phenomenal Anivia top player. The thing is, you only play this champion if you're a full one trick and it's very hard to make an top lane work. So, I'm not going to spend more time. Don't play. Please don't be an idiot. Aurora wouldn't recommend. I'm going to say this on most range top lane champions. And there's two classes that I generally speaking would not recommend for lower MR players. And to preface with when I say wouldn't recommend, it doesn't mean like if you're playing these champions right now, quit playing them. If you have most fun playing them, first things first, you are bad. You should play Aurora. But secondly, you enjoy that, keep doing that. You know, range champions and tanks. Those are the two classes that I generally speaking I'm not going to recommend because in order to win with the champions, you have to either play really really good playing a range laner, right? Or you have to play to facilitate your team. So when you're like an or Shen, these kind of champions, right? They're fine in of itself. But if you want to climb, you have less agency and it's like harder. If you're five and zero with a Shen, you might still lose because eventually enemy, I don't know, Jack is going to outskill you. Something like this. What is that on the left of Mundo? I ain't got a clue, brother. I wouldn't recommend Aurora. She's one of the best lady champions in the game. You make one mistake, you're useless. Hard to side lane and hard to push you. You know, normally you take it to tier one. So yeah, just simply wouldn't recommend. I mean, people say play. There you go. Oh, that's my thoughts on Brier. Okay, Camille. I believe everything we talked about with Ambessa is very similar with Camu. I This is maybe a very hot take. I feel like Camu need needs like maybe a little bit of a small rework or some changes because her kit just feels outdated with how top lane currently plays and that is also why you see Camu more often in support role because her base sets are like stronger now. But yeah, you know, the top lane walls are so wide. Laning is so isolated in top lane. You cannot roam as a top laner because you have to play for your quest. I just feel this this Kamu right now is in a very weak spot. is just a champion that if you're a full one trick, they can work. I've coached Camu players in LowMar that were very successful because they're primarily like a one trick, right? But I also would only be a one trick if I'm playing Kamu. I don't even have to check her stats. This is just where I put her. Choath. Chug for me would probably go A tier or Btier. So, two ways to play Cho top, right? You can play tank or you can play the more Halo Blades AP variation. If you play the Halo Blades AP variation, I put him in a A tier. If you put him if you play him like the more like food tank with grass, I would put him in B, maybe even C. I think Chugget is great, especially the lower ELO you go because there's a few like really big like benefits that most players, especially when they're new to the game, will struggle playing against. He's an insane amount of sustain, insane amount of static potential. Also, with halo blades, he has pretty damn good scaling, right? He can split push, he can team fight. I think it's a pretty I enjoy playing myself a lot as well. It definitely has him between B and A. >> Kiss marry, choose between daty walrus. >> Killing dut. I'm marrying the boss cuz he's rich as [ __ ] And uh I'll give a fat smooch on sloppy waddles cheeks. Yeah, a chok tier. I'm curious where his winner is at here. Actually, he's Ctier. That makes me hesitant. I expect him to do better. Then I'll put him in a B tier. I'm still A tier, but maybe maybe the skill expression is still high. I mean, he's literally press E and old. No. Okay. Well, that's weird. Um it's tricky. What build do they play then? Here. Why is he so low wind rate? Yeah, they play grasp. Okay, that's the one I wouldn't recommend. What about here? B minus. Very low still. I think we'll put in Btier. I think with Halo Blades and you play him well, Caspia top. I'm just going to say wouldn't recommend. This champion Halo is omega broken, but the skill expression and like the amount of games you need only one trick otherwise probably a Ctier cuz again range playing champion very hard to play. Okay, Darius probably has plus, right? Yeah, I mean Darius is everything you would want in a low elo to playing champion. His skill ceiling, by the way, Darius skill ceiling is extremely high because his kit is so limited. But his skill floor is also very easy. You just play around your pass if you do get five hits off before melee range, right? You just want to ghost down your opponents in the early game. Insane scaling, stat check potential, insane scaling, a little bit lacking on the sustain side, good split pushing, good team fighting, everything you want in a top laner. I expect this champion to have insane win rate towards lower Mars. Where's my boy Darius, guys? What the [ __ ] What are you guys doing? This one I find hard to reason. How is Darius below Jayce when it comes to win rate? That just seems stupid. I I don't give a [ __ ] what about the stats. Okay, I put Darius in a tier then. I guess people start I mean the one thing that I could say what would make Darius hard to play is that it's like your champion requires a lot of spacing but bro I don't know I I would expect him to be higher Mundo S+ why Mundo S+ I think the quest of course made this champion get fast to level 11 uh there's plates on literally every single turret you have insane scaling you have one of the worst early games but there's a big benefit to that when you play towards low MMR because games will tend to last longer because people don't close out as easily and also people don't know to like demolish your early ling phase, which is where Mundo is weakest. So, literally every student I've coached that plays more than 100 Mundo games has like towards a 60% win rate when they are lower MMR, right? 55 to 60 because this champion will function so well towards lower MRS and you just need a bit of champion mastery, understand your damage output, understand how your champion wants to lane in the early game, you're going to be fine. Fiora. So I will put her Btier and that is because even though her skill ceiling is insanely high, you can make Fiora's skill for easier by playing grasp, right? That's one thing. But same reason, the game lasts a lot longer and Fiora is one of the best late game champions in the game as a top laner. Insane scaling, insane potential, insane sustain. She definitely has a lot of downsides, right? Cuz ling with the champion is tricky and you need champion mastery. But I'm really hoping that my guess is correct that this champion is like half decent, right? Perfect. All right, moving forward. Gangplank. Now, I love Gangplank. I think Gangplank is so good right now as well. But I would also argue that Gangplank is the hardest to play champion to play and to master. Um, there's one top laner right now that plays Gangplank only. Uh, this guy. And I think it's very impressive always when I play against him, right? He is ranked 20 right now and he plays Gangplank with Flesh ignite every single game. And the the reason why Gangplank is just so ridiculously strong right now is because you have cash back, you have first strike, you have your passive, and you have there so many like the higher you go, the better it will be. But Greg has always struggled kind of being like a champion sol. The cry build is back, which makes him a lot better. I'm expecting his wound to be low. If this guy's wound is somehow high, I give up, by the way. A tier. That is surprising. He is relatively high. I'm so baffled, bro. Like, how is Gangplank higher win rate than Darius in low MMOR? On a real note, what the [ __ ] are you guys doing? Nothing makes sense. I struggle versus GP is good, but do you struggle more against gameplay code against Darius? Low elo, don't kill barrels. I mean, the crit buffs and the first flank makes his champion better. Yes, but it's still so hard to play. Garen, did Garen win or lose from the new quest. I'm going to put him in a I'm guessing. I don't think he's as good as the high elos champions, but again, Garen has always been a low elo demon, right? Like one of the best. To to be fair, I don't care what the stats say. If there's a new player to the game, right, we're doing iron 2 emerald, right? If you're a new player to the game, you should try Garen. He's probably the easiest champion to learn when it comes to just everything in the game, right? You have good sustain, good split pushing, good scaling, good siding potential, right? I I like this champion. Nar, I'm going to put C or wouldn't recommend. I always say the same when I talk about Nar in any tier list. I just feel like Nar is a jack of all trades, master of none. Uh the champion just kind of does everything that a lot of champions do, but like a little bit worse. For example, he's good disengage, but he has decent engage as well. He's a range champion, so he's obnoxious in like a lane bully, but he's not as obnoxious as say like a vein, Aurora, Varys. He's a good team fighter, but it's conditional. And so I put Nar into Ctier cuz I just believe that there's way better champions to play and I generally speaking wouldn't recommend him. If he's up your alley, go play him. Graore probably wouldn't recommend right now. I think Gragas is extremely weak. He's only good as a counter pick as a baseline in higher elo. But Gragas literally every ability is is like skill oriented because everything is a skill shot besides his W. Uh I don't think he's like a really good build right now. I just think Gragas is weak. I was expecting this champion to have a low win rate. Solid moving forward. Gwen, S+ or A? probably S+ in my brain is up the champions I would always recommend to play. Why do I find Gwen so valuable? She has one of the worst laning like I think Gwen is one of the most tricky champions to blind pick in high elo because nearly everything is like a counterpick to you. Like there there's so many champions that will destroy Gwyn in lane but if he gets to the laning phase even or ahead you are going to be extremely broken from dust till dusk and dawn is really broken on Gwen as well. I I always use this as my reference as well my my eye roll brother right uh climb from bronze to diamond being a Gwen one trick and so I've definitely seen it work as well just being a complete wing one trick like your ways to win a game as Gwen are are so easy too you can win through split pusher you can win to team fighting you can win to side laning right and what I mean with that the difference between split pushing or sideling is like you can kill people in side lane you have insane scaling you're one of the best scaling champions in the game the champion must have like a high win rate right I don't care it stays as plus Illaoi I think the champion needs a rework by the way this champion stinks. Like this champion stinks, but she's a loyal monster, right? I think out of all the champions I played, I'm sorry if there's allow you like players in my chat right now. Out of all the champions that I've done like on ringing to master or that I played myself, I don't think there was any champion as unenjoyable to play as a Illaoi because you have one way to win the game or like one win condition and that is it. By the way, you play to split push, that's it. You like the odds of you joining a team fight or anything like this is very low. Let's say you go even in lane or slightly losing, you play against like a mage inside lane, right? you play against I don't know like a Hi or an Oriana. Illaoi is already kind of just just tricked, right? So like how do you play against uh like a mage inside lane, right? So if you can't split push against a mage, what do you do? You going to are you going to farm jungle game? Are you going to group? No. If your team is losing, by the way, it's very hard to split push as well. I just think this champion is is so limited because she's slow ELO. I know like people hate playing around her. If this champion has like an above average win rate, I'll be extremely s I think people just get distracted by Riven is the same when written low elo or Riven is really the most broke. Oh, wait. Gwen is here. Let's see. Gwen is broken. Yeah, good. It's all different, too. Gwen is number three here, but Gwen is like a lot lower here. Okay, fine. A himer wouldn't recommend. Like, the thing is I think Himer and Cinched are the only two top lane champions that have no transferable skills to any other champion that you would play. If you're sing or a himer on one trick, nothing that you do is transferable to other champions. If you want to be a Himer one trick, by all means, go and do it. If you want to learn to get better at League of Legends, play the game and like have like get better then don't be a hyper player. If you enjoy it, do your thing. But I wouldn't recommend it. Aelian lower MMR is always different. I think she's probably like in line with like the Ambessa and the Fiora, right? Insane skills feeling. Actually, I probably put her a great lower. And my thought process is that a champion like Fiora has very clear scaling win conditions and sideline wing conditions. Whereas sideling with Aurelia is extremely tricky. Aelia functions from ahead. She doesn't function from even. She doesn't function from behind. If you are behind as Aarelia into a lot of champions, you will never get back either. And also sideling as Aarelia is not as easy. So I I'll put her seat here actually. Please tell me this champion has [ __ ] win rate. You guys are freaks. How how how is this champ? What the [ __ ] I'm going to stop using these sides. I'm I'm going to go based on my own logic. I don't What the [ __ ] are low elo players smoking? What? I'm going to go based off of what I think. Just genuine my thoughts. Lame bully. I really a lame bully. Bro, like the best static champions, Darius, Set, even champions like Cho'Gath, Garen, Gwen, Arenelia can play Smurfs. That has to be it guys. Guys, objectively speaking, anybody with a functioning brain could know that like if you play 100 games of Darius, 100 plays of Aurelia, every loyal player would function better on Darius like like 90% of the player base. So, I'm going to put it like this. This is my thoughts. If you disagree, you're No, you're fine. You're fine. Will you agree to disagree? Okay. I'm hesitant to put Jackson A or Btier. The reason I would want to put him A tier is because in my opinion, Jax is the complete top laner in the sense that he is good early game, good scaling, good skirmishing, he is like burst, he is like overtime damage, he can split push, he can like team fight, right? Like he can do everything. Problem when playing Jax is that every matchups plays quite different on him in terms of like your ability order. Also, you have to manage resources well. You're playing a champion without a lot of mana or health sustain, right? And itemization can be tricky on this champion as I'd say Jax is like a really really good top playing champion, but there's also a lot of downsides to him that make him a bit harder. So, I'll put him here. Good set check, right? Good split pushing, good skating, but there's definitely ways to I don't know, fall short on this champion. I I have no idea what this is, by the way, guys. Okay, Jay, Ctier close to recommend. I think Jay Jay is primarily play jungle right now as well. He's okay into play, but not that good. Why would I not recommend playing Jayce? You're a range champion. We talked about the range class earlier. And also, uh like you need 200 games to be a functioning individual on this champion. don't like uh playing Jason lower. That's it. Moving forward, kill S+. Exact same reasoning as we mentioned with Lindo. One thing that I always warn kill players for though when they are kill one trick games towards load tend to last a lot longer, right? So kill will always get level 16. You have the quest, you can get level 20 kill. Dusk and dawn is amazing on kill. So this champion has a lot of benefits going for heading into season 16. And yeah, people will not shut you down in lingan phase as hard, right? Counter picks don't matter as much. But again, what I was saying is when you are a kill one trick, be careful because what I mostly had when coaching lower MR players on kill is that they are only able to like not lose instead of playing to win. They are so defensive and they just only cater to like getting to that level 16, right? They are like so passive. So when they play anything else, they are useless. So that's always like I guess a little bit of a a warning that I give with kill players. Why is he saying kill Kale kill top? Just don't play it. Don't be a don't be a freak. Canon. Okay, this weapon is broken in high elo. I'm going to put him in Ctier. Why? Ranged class, similar to tank class. I don't like ranged or tank champions up in the lower MMR, especially in a sol environment, right? No bueno. Also, you make one mistake on cannon, you're use for the remainder of the game. He is deceitfully hard to play. Like, he's good as a counter pick into melee champions. But you make one mistake, you're going to get rolled even if you play in some of your best matchups like Riven. This champion requires a lot of spacing and a lot of knowledge. So, yeah. No one on Cled. Damn, I haven't seen Cled in ages. Actually, I watched Ba win le yesterday on CLD. The thing about Klet is this like I I always say this because it just baffled me. I once coached a master casante player and he didn't know how cle works. If you are a [ __ ] one trick towards the lower MMR, I think most of the time you're going to win your lane simply because your opponent doesn't know how cle functions. I think Kled has a place on lower MMR because he's extreme good stat champion. He can side lane, he can split push, he's decent at team fighting. But I think literally the biggest hidden passive that you have when playing Kled is that people don't know how his kit functions. Don't know how his W works, for example. So, I'm going to put him in in Btier, though. Casante, I just wouldn't recommend it. It's a tank class. I think historically, he's always had like the lowest run towards lower AM war mares like forever. The only reason he's like he's just pro play champion, high level champion, Omega broken, but u don't play towards low mars. He's a tank player. Again, if if you just joined in, I'm going to rephrase one more time. I don't recommend playing tanks or range champions towards lower mors because like the conditions you have to winning a game are a lot more limited. You need to facilitate your team. You need to rely on your teammate. you need to play perfect. You can't like make mistakes and skill back into the game when you're playing a champion like Canon or Jace, right? That is why I wouldn't recommend those champions. Just like the champions that are going to have the highest [music] um rating are also the champions that are both the easiest to play, have the most like win conditions possible. Even if they fall behind, they're going to be doing fine. And like I'm always talking about like scaling, split pushing, these kind of things. Mold fight, you know, the ship that has like the Okay, so this is maybe the only tank that I could re recommend to play a lot MMR because he is probably the E. Well, he's like Omega. easy to play, but he's statistically always has an insane rate insane win rate because he beats every melee bruiser, right? And there's a lot of melee bruiser players towards a lower MMR. Normally, M is only a counter pick. But yeah, he statistically always has an insane win rate to lower extremely easy to play. Probably the only thing that I would recommend. Maokai, I mean, if you play Maokai top in this season, you're asking to lose Morichiser S+. He's like the AP version of Garen, I would say. Extremely simplistic to play. I've coached 50-year-old dads that end up climbing to like I don't know emerald playing just Morichiser only. What I love about a Morichiser is that he is extremely simplistic to play you play 20 Moriciser games. You know exactly how his kit functions, right? Um he teaches you all the core concepts about the game. Also Morichiser right now with Dusk and Dawn. I don't know how it works but it's very strong. You can beat even some of these like omega set heavy champions like Darius by playing flesh ignite and flat health on Morichiser. So he just has a lot of options and uh he's great. Hey Hey yo, what's up gang? He likes getting pet like this. Don't play it. Don't play too much slow. Don't do it. Nasis tricky. I think Nasus also, by the way, is a mid game monster, not a late game monster. I think it's a general misconception that people have where they seem as like the late game monster, but he's a midame monster. Super late game. He he gets outskilled by quite a lot of stuff. Even though games will tend to last longer, I don't think it necessarily benefits him unless against quite specific comps. Bad landing phase and he doesn't have the late game insurance to say Gwen Akale Amundo has. Uh so I put him on Btier. I wouldn't recommend him as much as I would recommend you to play Jax Darius. Maybe maybe I change some of my thoughts later on when I compare all the champions cuz ultimately right it would also go by like order of recommendation. But um so far Olaf [snorts] probably at right insane such a potential good sustain right good sidelining. A lot of people don't know how to deal with a kid like Olaf's. I think he's just like very similar to to Darius. Simplicity to play as well. They also add or I know always has a pretty good win rate towards the lower MRS. I'm going to put him in B tier though. He always has a pretty good win rate and that is because games tend to last longer and just like existing in the late game as Or it will you will provide a lot of um value, right? So I mean with Mal fight, he might be the only tank that I would say like he's fine to play. Just my personal recommendation wouldn't statistically he probably is a tier. Again, my problem playing or is even if you go two and zero on or you're not going to take over the game by yourself, you kind of rely on your teammates having hands, which is just why I don't like to play that much. Pantheon, I'm hesitant between B and C tier. Pantheon and Olaf play very similar in this in the sense that they're like extremely aggressive early game champions, right? Problem with Pantheon, though, is you make one mistake, very hard to get back in the game. If you make a mistake as Olaf, you can still, you know, get level six and and catch your opponent off guards. With with Pan, it's significantly harder. You also have to pilot playing with a um with a global ability from the top lane, right? And another issue you have is Pantheon is I feel like Pantheon's power levels throughout the game. He's like omega early, then he kind of dips after one item and then he picks up again. But that dip is pretty hard to pilot, right? Because you have to pilot yourself well through that dip in the game until until you reach like level 16, three items, four items. Then you get really strong again. So, and you have to manage mana and health. Uh you make one mistake, you kind of fall behind. I honestly I would put him in Ctier. I don't think I would recommend playing Pantheon to a Lord player. In general, I'm talk I'm saying my thoughts on all of the champions right now lower in higher elo. I'm going to change it around and and give like a little bit of my thoughts, right? But right now, I'm going a bit more in depth, especially towards lower players. Poppy also decent tank. Uh very similar to Or again, he's she's super good against most melee champions, right? Molly Bruiser, she [ __ ] She also is a tank destroyer, but again, my problem with a champion like Poppy, I say this about every tank champion, is just the amount of like win conditions that you're going to have are limited. You need to facilitate to your team, right? All right, you're getting single-handedly one v game as easily as you could on all of these other champions. Less Wing Editions, I put it on Btier. So, why is nobody in counterpick? To be fair, I think counterpick is kind of fake towards lower as well. I I I guess I can just remove counter pick for now and add it later. But, we'll just keep it open there. But counterpick, theoretical counter picks up to emerald I think are kind of fake. And that is because like a lot of players play a lot of different roles and a lot of different champions. And only if there's like a full one trick, then maybe counter picks can matter. But let's say I'm a Riven player, right, in lower MMO war and I play against a cannon. That cannon may have just picked cannon simply because it is statistical counterpick, but maybe has like three cannon games in total. So it is a counterpick, but because they don't have the champion mastery and or the knowledge to abuse that counterpick that much. I think counterpicks are kind of a fake set towards Lor. Yes, Met is an insane counterpick, but he has an insane win rate in Lor as well. So you can just blind pick him kind of Quinn. Everything we talked about rage topline champions earlier. I also think she kind of just feels weak right now. Wouldn't recommend play a similar cannon. Rankton. Okay. Rank is actually a champion. I'd be very curious to see his win rate. My thought process would be to put him in aim, but the way that you should play rankton towards the lower MMR is with an extremely aggressive and scaling oriented setup. So, you shouldn't play like uh I've coached a lot of Rankington one tricks in lower MMR. I would say you play Rankton with Flesh Knight nearly every game. Uh unless you play into a matchups where you cannot get priority in the early game such as like a cannon and then you should play with jack of all trades. go for like a snowball oriented setup and then I think he's great to Laura Martin because he has like very good stat check very good early game he gets slightly well with that setup but if you go like dshoot flash TP resolve rankton you're just not going to be that strong you're going to follow very hard in the late game as well so I think you should play rankton with flesh ignite and jugal trades and he should be a tier you missed y and rexi I mean I just I know there's like this hype about massie top player right now but I bro I just wouldn't recommend playing massie top you can do it it's and I guess you have to be like a full one trick playing your hell of blades easy messy setup and you can do that. I just wouldn't recommend it. And Rex, I also wouldn't recommend for Lordmore. The only reason Rexi top works is because you're playing like the sustain completely annoying top lane champion, but um he's also just like a tank, right? Kind of similar to say like a Poppy or something like this. You're just like a neutralizing tank. Also like Gragas. I just wouldn't recommend them. Oh, Fiddlesticks. I guess Fiddlesticks I didn't talk about. I think Fiddlesticks can have its place. I also just wouldn't recommend it honestly. I just honestly wouldn't recommend it. What are my thoughts on fiddlest sticks? There is a Fiddlestick top still playing one trick in the US. So ultimately you can make it work being a top ler, but it's extremely niche and just not as easy to win games by. Uh yeah, I wouldn't recommend it. Riven a tier is an omega weird pick to put Riven in. But I actually think together with Varys right now that Riven is the most broken champion in the game. She is so disgustingly broken. The items are so good on her. Whenever this champion can play with Jack of all trades, even low elo players should play her. Which is funny because when Jack of all trades got changed and Dorne's blade got three stats. I think it's the first time that I saw over the past like 3 years having or seeing Riven with a positive win rate in almost every lower ELO bracket as well. And when Riven has a positive win rate in lower ELO, that's scary. Then the champion is really really broken because her skill ceiling is very high, but her skill skill floor is also very high because you play a champion that like needs to snowball in order to function and plays without sustain and plays flesh ignite, right? So it's like a very feast or famine. Primarily, she's played by one chick. She cannot casually play game of Reven and do fine. However, she is so disgustingly broken right now that I believe that, you know, she is a tier. The hardest thing about being a Riven player right now is mastery of matchups. And if you play Riven into like a champion like Morichis, a Garen, even like all all the other champions here, you make one mistake, you're going to use for the rest of the game. Like Riven against Olaf, Riven against Mal fight, Riven against J. Like you make one mistake, you're useless, you're going to remain useless. That's the only reason I'm not going to put her S tier in in in in high elo by the way. She is the best of the best. But here I'll put Renee. A champion that I always like to mention is Rengar. And he's like one of the niche junglers that I think are good to play. I would compare this guy very much to the description that I gave about KL. So Rengar top, you should only play it if you're one trick. Okay. But um he is so good as a niche champion because people don't know how to play against you. You have an extreme static heavy early game, very obnoxious to play against and people just don't really know how to play against him, how to trade against him. How could I have missed Shen when I'm on Renington Riven Rengar? S is after Rengar. So, I didn't miss him. Mochi. I think Rengar is a great champion to have if you are a niche top laner that is like a topline one trick. But man, in Korea, I think, well, maybe not this time, but like one of the last times I went, there were like three Rengar top one tricks. Yeah, if you're a full one trick, this champion is extremely obnoxious to play against and can do a lot of good work. So, Rumble, this champion is Ztier in high elo. I'm going to put him in Ctier in low elo. The reason why Rumble is weak level one to level two and then he is legit a very strong historical figure up until like level 11 and then at like two items three items you're going to get outskilled and because games tend to last that long I don't think this champion is so good right cuz you will get outskilled and it's pretty tricky to side with this champion you want to win through team fighting but he is so broken in laning phase it's just hard to pull right managing your energy the entire game so I'm going to put him in CT rise he's broken right now but he's a range top lane player champion and I wouldn't recommend to low champion. That's it. Nice. Suani is a champion I've been asked about a lot. I need to try her. I don't need I don't know how strong this champion is right now because I've played against it once and I was filled mid. But I know Dusk and Dawn works in this champion and that she has a place. Um, and I can see that she's pretty good in Lora Mars as well, but again, it's a tank, right? So, she's good in lane, but then you're a tank. They kind of have to facilitate their team in order to win. So, I'm going to put her on Ctier, but I'm a bit unsure about this one. She might be stronger. I'm not sure. Set. I'll put him eight. This is this. By the way, every time I mention this, everybody freaks out. But set is an extremely hard champion to play in high elo because his kit is extremely linear and limited. However, lower you go, the better set is going to be because he's a static heavy champion. He's just like a brick wall in top lane that people have to play through, right? But if you don't know how to play around his cooldowns and around his damage, he can be arguably one of the most annoying champions to play against, right? So Set is an Aier to play champion, very similar how we uh talked about like Olaf, right? How we talked about Darius. very good scaling too. So there you go. Shen, I'm put him in Ctier. Um I wouldn't recommend being a Shen player towards lower and my main reason for that is first things you are a tank and facilitator champion in the game. So uh but you also have like one of the strongest early games, right? So Shen kind of wants to win lane in the early game and then you want to start facilitating your teammates. But why would you ever choose willingly to play a champion that is designed to facilitate their team when uh yeah, I would always want to play a champion that has the most agency and has the most win conditions possible within the champions kit. And so sideling for example with Shen is just not a thing. Split pushing is not a thing. You want to win to team fighting and skirmishing and I hate that kind of play style. Even though you might like if you're an extremely good laner, right, why would you waste that talent playing Shen? Why don't you just go play I don't know one of these champions and just go mech fist. True. The trooinched. I think the champion is A or S+. He is always turbo win rate in low elo. By the way, by the way, when I say low elo, I was just rephraseing. I never mean that in like in a in a condescending manner, right? This champion always has turbo win rate in low elo. But I remember when I first picked Riven, when I started playing Riven, bro, I got fisted by every sing player. I hated playing Sed. He's just like a low elo menace. People don't know how to play against him. He has so much stats. Um, I think he's one of the most fun kits in the game. I don't think he's S tier because like you can't really win through split pushing like you want to team fight but he does that really well. He's super easy to play, like omega easy to play, but no split pushing, no side laning, right? So, that is why I wouldn't put him in S+, but definitely A tier. He's he's very strong. Sm guys, he's a tank. Yeah. And also, I think S isn't as easy to uh get away with. I mean, he is very tanky right now. I'm very tricky. Actually, S is a champion that I've been thinking about playing myself. So, remember you guys told me that I need like a third champion, like a fourth champion next to like Mundo Riven. I'm thinking of picking. That champion is just so broken high elo right now as well. But yeah, it's a tank, right? everything that I've explained about tanks. He's decent ling phase but not the best. So yeah, so I'm going to put him in B tier with that. I think the only tank that deserves to be A tier is Malight. Also stat statistically, I think the stats back that up as well. Tom Kench, bro. Like I'm going to be honest, I would want to put him in wouldn't recommend, but I think Watley is going to say something British to me. So I'm scared. My problem with Tom Kench, guys, is that why would you play this champion? Your your early game is as bad as Mundo, maybe even worse. You have no wave clear. one of the two three champions that I totally have no way to play. Shen, Tomkench, and Vain. I don't see a wink condition besides licking. I did miss Swain indeed. Um I mean I put him in he's annoying set champion, but I mean he's very similar to like a champion like Kenanol. I do know that um Swain has gotten buffed. His stats are a lot better. My problem as Swain is that you're an extremely obnoxious lane champion, but you're very susceptible to ganks. You're going to get outskilled. You're good at team fighting but not good at side laning. Uh and you're a range champion. You make a mistake you use for the rest of the game. So my thoughts is that he's Ctier. Dusk and Donkench is a menace with face rush. True. In side lane maybe, but then you still have all the other crippling things that Tomkench has. So yeah, Teemo, you know, the champion always has an insane lord MR. I think people just can't lose their minds playing against him. Might be the only range champion we have to put A tier. Is he's either A tier or like high B tier. I mean I like I myself hate playing against Simone. Nobody likes playing against Teimo, by the way. Maybe I put him in Btier as well cuz I think he's better than a champion like Kenan and Quinn. Like he's objectively one of the best lighting phase champions. His scaling is actually really good with his shrooms as well. Um, racist tier. True. I don't know, guys. Just the win conditions as a range champion is pretty tricky. You make one mistake, you're going to be useless. His old is always useless. Yeah, I'm going to put him in B. If you disagree, that's fine. I just wouldn't recommend it. Based on my own like recommendation also, right, Shle top, don't even think about it. Trundle A tier, maybe even S tier. I'm going to put him in. Did you guys know that Trundle's Q actually is a Darius passive? If you're curious as to how I know, Darius's passive level once grants you 30 AD. When you press Q as Trundle, you gain 20 AD and they lose 10 AD. So, you gain 30 AD as well over your opponents. Did you guys know that? That Darius or that TR is actually Darius passive. I think I'm going to put them in S tier. Why? I know battle pipe strand was really strong. Kaguru was like 1k LP playing this [ __ ] And there's plates on every single turret, right? There's plates on literally every single turret. Uh Trundle is the best split pusher. He is very good stretch check in the early game. Home guards on every side allowing you to split push. Ah, he has to be S+. Oh, it's happening, GUYS. IT'S HAPPENING. IT'S HAPPENING. MOVING FORWARD. I DON'T KNOW how I'm going to be able to stream in that, but it's happening. It's happening, guys. It's happening. I'm going to put Trundle in S+. Okay, I'm going to go max split push through the mirror. I think this champion is like dog [ __ ] but he's like good at low elo, right? Especially the low elo. You go. I'm putting him [sighs] Btier. And the only reason I put him B tier is because his itemization and this champion is genuinely so [ __ ] right now. But there's two ways to play trinamer with grasp revenous hydra or halo blades full crit. Okay, I'm going to put him in B because hisization is so [ __ ] and his scaling is not as insane as it used to be. But he's really good to like learn certain things to which load out more like trading health, right? Small trades into allins, yada yada yada. Okay, good. Who your top wouldn't recommend? Urgot. Urgot has to be A tier, maybe even S. No, I'm going to put him A tier. I think Urgot is like an amazing champion to play towards the lower MMR because his kit is very simplistic. He has very clear conditions in the game. So Urgot is one of the strongest level one champions. So you want to learn to play very aggressive level one to level three. Then you play pretty safe and then you wait till level nine and then you can split push. You can team fight. You can you skill very well. You can sideline. I'll be honest guys. This champion right now is gen like I've said it. I said it. This champion I think this is the only range champion that is even going to make it above AS tier. This champion is just the strongest champion right now in the game as a top laner. I've actually somehow been able to dodge it so far. But if you want to spend the time to play this champion, he's just the strongest in like laning isolated against Varys with a combat summoner. There's just nothing you can do. If this guy plays exhaust, there's nothing you can do. Like really? I guess the only champion that can function into it is like Jax, maybe Jax or Yoro. Oh, Yoro. Yoro. Okay, decent. Maybe I'll try Yoro myself into him. But the thing is, guys, this champion, he plays with the combat summoners. There's just nothing you can do. You just sit back and and you just take it up. I hate this champion so much. Instead, really good scaling. Dusk on this champion is disgusting. Uh you can split push, you can side, you can team fights. I think um this is uh this is the champion right now. Vain. Vain I would put probably in C tier or Btier. My problem with Vain is very similar to like Tom Kench is that you have no like okay Btier because she has insane scaling, right? And like good late game insurance. Uh that's the same thing as scaling. She can sideline but no I'm going to put in CT maybe even would recommend because Vain top is actually extremely high skill expression even though it's like a disgusting champion in of itself. I would recommend low elo players to play Vain rudely ever. You are playing a champion without wave clear, you make one mistake, it's going to be very hard, right? If you don't play your wave states perfectly and you get gked to like a wrong timer or you get a Lind on a wrong timer, you can like it's really hard to pilot the champion. And also then even later on in the game, right, if if you get super late game, she's still high skill ceiling. So I'm going to put her Ctier. High elo, she's definitely a lot better, but she's not that good. Vladimir Btier. She's neutralizing scaling Andy. Um maybe even A tier, right? Cuz he functions very similar to kill just not as good as late game insurance. So maybe at hesitant between like high B tier or A tier. To be fair, when thinking about it, I'm going to put this champion in Ctier. Even though she's so strong right now, I'm probably put Btier. He's definitely very strong. Has light game insurance. He's good in lighting phase. Everybody plays with combat summoners. He likes that. You can play with like phase versus skill. You can play with air and actually static a lot of players. Volleybear. I haven't seen this champion. I have not played against a vol yet. This doesn't good on me. Has to be, right? I think he probably is 80, right? Insane static. Good scaling, good split pushing, very good early game, super obnoxious to play against. I think he's a tier. I don't think he's S tier. Yeah, he's just solid. Solid. Warick kind of same, right? I think War Voric and Volibra have a very similar play style. Only thing with Warick is Alexi is like with no wave clear. And bro, I will say this, by the way, I think Warick is hard to play, bro. I think it's hard to play. I can't make him work. I'm just like maybe maybe something in my brain. Maybe I'm too smart. So I I cannot understand like I cannot position myself into the true work experience, which is like completely degrading yourself void of IQ. Never mind. I'm a Mundo player. I don't I don't know how to make him work, bro. I don't know how to make him work. I I I I I suck at Warick. I really suck at Warick and who cares. Wukong top wouldn't recommend or Ctier. I have gotten this question quite a lot to play Wukong top. I don't see why you would play Wukong Top if you can play a champion that functions the same way as Wukong but just does it better like Jax for example. Um he's a melee bruiser, right, that has pretty limited windows to play. He's good against 80 heavy top side. So like he's good against like I don't know Riven Kindra top side for example cuz they're both AD, right? So So then Wukong can function. I just think there's champions that do exactly like he does like I don't know Olaf or Urgot or Jax they just do it better easier to win better scaling. I don't like Wuk on top. Yo Yaso don't do it. Yon also honestly right now it's either don't do it or Ctier. Yon used to be really good in top lane but I think this champion just suffers a lot. Now the benefit that he has is he has his W right. So he has a more conditional shield and trade patterns. But Yon used to be very strong in lane and then hard to play late right because Yon is one of the hardest champions to pilot outside of ling phase. I just think that his ling phase has gotten so weak so that now he doesn't have like the insane laning phase but he's still very hard to play after laning phase. Yeah, I'll probably put Yasu on Yon here. Yoro, I'll put in Btier. Uh a good stat check. I think they they butchered my boy Yoro by the way. I love playing the old version of Yoro where you could go lethar do passive income on Baron solid 20. Right now your goose are boring. You're just a stat check champion in laning phase. You're very similar to you're you're like I don't know like like or almost but then you just have the maiden and then you can just push the whole time and split push, right? And you do have extremely good scaling. So that's that's why I think Yoro is so good, right? And with your design being solely based around split pushing, I think well maybe he's actually 80, right, towards low armor more because you'll get to late game. He's a very good late game champion. Plates on every turret. Split pushing is a very good wing condition. You're going to meet less resistance because people just play out. The shop is probably pretty good. Yeah, I'll put him on a tier. Zahen, I'm going to guess a tier. Zahen also late game monster, right? His skill is pretty damn high though, but if you get the combos down, I think he's all right. He's either B or A tier for me. But his scaling and his like set check potential is so good. And I mean, as you guys can see, nearly every champion that I've put high up is a melee champion. Z does well against a lot of these melee champions. This champion that I have never checked the win rate of. Oh, S+ here. He has a very high play rate, too. Wow, Z is pretty high pick right there. Yeah, I'm going to keep him in a tier, then. Zack. Yo, we should play some Zack again. I haven't played him in a new season yet. Maybe tomorrow I'll play some Zack games. Tomorrow the race is over. I I want to play some variety champions for sure. I don't know what is that win rate in new season. Did did much change for him? Oh, his pick rate is just so low. His pick rate is omega low. Was good though. Oh, he's good win rate. Oh [ __ ] But like I said, right, so the champions the win rate I'm going to go base of it too much. The reason why I would I put Ze in Btier and not an A tier is because he's a tank oriented champion. And yes, you can sideline and yes, you can team fight really well. I just think that it's not as easy of a weak edition and Zach still requires a lot of champion mastery in order to make him like a 1v9 beast. So, I'm going to put him in B2. I think it's safe. Let's see. Would I swap any? Would I swap anything around? Reminder, I'm going to do like a little bit of a summary here at the end, right? This is the emerald. Sorry, this is the tier list for iron to emerald, right? And the the metrics that I go off of are completely different than high elo. I don't care about how good your champion is in like X scenario uh in the sense of like can you blindly pick this champion and still be fine in laning phase. Uh what I care about when making lower MR tier list is scaling options and the amount of like general wing additions your champion has. Right? Your games are games tend to last long. your scaling options, your sideline options, add a few more things. Uh your stat check, right? Always like these words with S that I like to phrase. And also, how easy is it to pick up your champion? Because if you play 100 games on Mundo compared to 100 games of Riven, 90% of low players are going to be perform better on Mundo than they would on Riven, right? Same of like, I don't know, with Aelia or Mundo. So, I think the metrics that you go off of is like how easy is your champion to play, how many win conditions does your champion have in general, like can he split push, can he skill, can he side lane. Yeah, that's why the range class and the and the tank class fall off for me because they're simply not that good. And yes, I do I don't put anything in counterpick in this elo bracket simply because counterpick objectively doesn't matter too much. People don't have the champion mastery to make a counterpick really function nor the understanding. And of course, some players are going to have it. Let's say you are Riven one chick and you queue and they pick cannon because they counter pick, but they're canon one trick. They're going to suffer, but the frequency is pretty low. I'm pretty happy with every choice that I made. That's it for lower tier list. Now I'm going to make a high tier list. Things that or the metrics that you look for in a higher EL list are very different. Your champion needs to function in a lot more scenarios. So, uh, diamond to chell tier list. Okay. Now, when you're making a tier list for high elo, your champion, it's like, how many different scenarios can I put this champion in and for him to still be useful? Blind pick ability is extremely important in high elo because if your champion is bad at bite picking, you're just cooked. Also, counter picks will matter a lot more because blind picking is so important, right? And then games will not tend to last that long. Like, you can't play a champion and expect that it's going to go fine. For example, a champion like kill doesn't function well in high elo because you're going to get counter pick most of the time and if not you're going to get fisted like enemy jungle will path to you support will run on to you. You just cannot play the game right. So for example a kill I put in CT instantly. I would put probably in counterpick. You can never blind pick Mundo because they can pick a champion like Yon Atrox Gwen Aurelia and you're just not a champion ever. Right. Garen I probably put in probably wouldn't recommend even at how like I I have not seen Garen once in high elo so far. Uh, Anuvia I think is Btier if you are one trick. But let's go from bottom and then all the way down. Okay, [snorts] so this champion is S plus tier. This champion is S+ tier. They're like these two champions by the way like Riven and Varys in my opinion are the two best top laners to play right now. Um, like in high elo, but even in low M, right, we put Riven here and Varys here. These two champions are objectively the best right now. Then let's start off with Aier champions. I think Zion is definitely an A tier champion. Uh, Rumble comes to mind for me. So, where is my boy Rumble? Rumble is Omega Broken Champion will meet a lot. I still believe that Ambessa is very good. So, we're going to go I'm just going off of like the champions that I would play against the most myself as well. I think Ambessa is very strong right now. Rank is a champion I actually never see because I bet every game, but I'll probably put him in B tier. I think Gangplank is a tier right now uh because of his scaling potential first rank. I've talked about every champion, right? I talked about literally every top lane champion. So, now I'm just going to put them in order for high elo. If you want to hear my thoughts on a specific champion, you can go back into the vault and find it there. Fiora, is he A tier? I believe she's A tier. There is probably Btier. Sing, I think, is Btier as well. Canon is S tier. Canon is really, really strong right now, especially with combat summoner. Akali is S tier. Warick is like Ctier. Volibar is like I wouldn't recommend playing Warick. Aurora is [snorts] probably Btier. Set honestly is like Ctier, not so strong at all. Uh, Vain, I'll put him B. I'll put him at A. I don't think she's as strong as some of these other champions, but she's very strong. top meta for Hyo. I'm curious also to see just the general stats to some of these. Rengar is very high. That's surprising to see. But let's continue. Let's first start with my own thoughts and then then we'll get to some. >> I've been hearing that Sally is very strong, but I haven't seen him myself too much yet. Uh Yoro, I'm going to put the Ctier actually counter pick. I think Yoro is counter pick. Mal fight is OP counter pick. Every champion that you'll see in A and S tier, by the way, guys, have to be at least decent as a blind pick. I I wouldn't recommend playing Trundle in high elo. And that's because you'll meet insane amount of resistance, right? People are going to be Oh, Caspipia is an Sier A champion. Maybe even S tier. This champion is [ __ ] broken right now. By the way, I think I'm going to put Caspia S tier as well. I think Casio River are probably the three best champions right now on top lane. Olaf is definitely not here. Gwen probably be here. Wouldn't recommend Morichiser. Uh Moris maybe counter pick to specific champions. Casant A tier. Rice is probably a tier. Rexai Btier. I think every champion that's in wouldn't recommend should stay in wouldn't recommend. Damn. Maai is just a dead champion. What does the cat think? I don't think my cat thinks he ah I know what he thinks he wants my food. Gangplank cannon Akali I agree everybody but Urgot should be in here. Tier champions Glad should definitely be Ctier. Wukong wouldn't recommend. Aella probably Btier. Quinn is even Quinn is a counter pick. Dog [ __ ] Dog [ __ ] also. Dog [ __ ] Um what else are like really good counter picks? War maybe. No. Maybe sign is a tier. Although h pretty good blind pick still. I think at least Nar is not Ctier. He's for sure Ctier. Poppy counter pick. Yes. Very good call. Jace. Yes, Jayce has to go up. Jay's A tier. Good call. For high elo, Jayce is definitely A tier. Sorry, I had Jayce Ctier for low elo, right? But Jayce is 100% A tier here. Rexi could be A tier. Also considering Diamond and Master, right, I think he's fine here. Darius is fine here, too. Rengar, I think, is fine A2. S I'm the only one not too sure about. I think the champions are fine, too. Vad is probably a really good counter pick, right? Gwen is fine here. Rington's fine here. Choath probably a great below. Illaoi never played that champion. Uh, Jax, I think it's fine. And I think every champion here is fine too. I wouldn't change anything. Kill. Yeah, I don't think Olaf top is really that strong at all. Yeah, I agree with every champion counter pick. I mean, of course, some of the changes function really was a counter pick, too. Nar Nar is completely useless. I think he's fine in Ctier. I wouldn't recommend. I mean, no. I mean, maybe this champion functions as like Ctier. I think that's it. Gragas counter pick. Yeah, good call actually. Good shout. We ranked the scary dolphin. Who's a scary dolphin? This guy. Garen counter pick two. I mean what's Garen counter pick two besides J Jack Riven? Sure we'll put him in G counter pick then I guess. Gameplay better with first track or Kubet. What do you think? There's one game player in EU that plays first every game and I think he does it well. Okay guys, I didn't know that took a long time. I think we took like more than an hour to make a tier list but W. We got a tier list. Let's go. Make a dance. [music]
