Title: Aurora In-Depth Item & Rune Guide! (After Item Changes)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0dIOZuRAE8

Content:
It has been a couple of weeks since the AP item changes, and the patch right after brought us even more buffs to one of them due to it underperforming. Yo, and welcome. In today's video, we're going to break down what these changes mean for Aurora and other AP champions that also commonly build these items. We will go over the most optimal item builds for her right now, but besides that, we'll also cover some frequently asked questions about runes. Why runes? Well, lately there's been an ongoing discussion around a particular keystone, and a lot of players have been wondering whether that actually might be the best current choice for her. But before we start, a few important things. First of all, everything I say is of course my opinion. My credentials are that I finished around 1,000 LP challenger last season, and I'm currently sitting around 800 LP climbing the ladder. In both of these seasons, my most played champion was and still is in fact Aurora. And while I do have a fair bit of experience, at the end of the day, there's more than just my way of playing and view of the game. So, if you don't agree with everything I say, that's totally fine. Take only whatever you feel like is valuable to you and use it to refine your own gameplay. The second thing is regarding Aurora. Everything I say does apply for both top and mid lane. But no matter where you play her or what your setup is, in order to find success with a champion like her, you need to make sure that whatever you do, you have enough damage to carry the game. Aurora doesn't really provide all that much besides straight damage. So, if you can't assassinate enemy champions when the time calls for it, you're not going to have a lot of success. That's really the most important rule to follow when designing your setup and build. And lastly, of course, I hope you enjoyed the video. First, let's talk about runes. The keystones I've always recommended for players are electrocute, airy, and comet. Each one of these have their own purpose on when to bring. Electrocute is the most universal one, so you can bring it anywhere technically, but if you want the more stable laning phase, and ensuring that you can match certain champions in the laning phase, you can go airy versus melee and comment into range matchups. Of course, there's more specific room pages that you can bring, and also the explanation on when and what to bring is more in depth than just million range champions, but that just simply put the general idea behind the three keystones. Recently, there was a rudder thread made by high elo NA player, Toky Bunny. To summarize, he is advocating that first strike is underrated, and it's an insanely good rune on Aurora. So, let's talk about First Strike. The reason I've personally never mentioned it in my videos is because I don't think it's a very good rune in general. After the backto-back nerfs it received a few seasons ago, it got changed from a keystone that you can bring in any situation where you want the high-risk high reward rune on a burst or poke mageike champion to a keystone that still has the high-risk aspect but not that big of a reward. It's more of a scaling rune now. And while it still has its place on certain champions in certain cases, Auro specifically can only bring it against opponents that do not outrange her, can't remove first strike very easily, and she doesn't need extra firepower early on to put them behind. If all these conditions are met, you could consider bringing it in exchange of one of the other runes. Now, even though I'm not the biggest fan of the rune, I do bring it in certain matchups. But you've never told us about that. The reason is, well, the matchups where first strike is actually good are very little, and you don't even need to bring it in those situations. Any of the other runes will do just fine and will be better in certain aspects. Learning to be an aggressive and precise laner, in my opinion, is the best thing you can do for the consistency of your game. and is way more important than the maybe potential advantage you get from first strike. If you're someone who's already well acquainted with Aurora and the game already, you can consider bringing the rune in the cases I've mentioned. Now, the keystone does come with a very good rune page, so it ends up being very effective in the midame as long as you can bypass the almost non-existent early game. However, in any other case where first strike is not ideal, currently as it is, I do not recommend bringing it. If you do, you're brute forcing and you won't have a pleasant time on average because it won't be very useful. The core of Aurora is to be an early game champion that transitions the lead into the mid game due to that strength. With First Strike, you remove that aspect in a free matchup and you end up having a stronger midame, which is a valid strategy again in some cases. But in my opinion and experience with using it, it's very rare where that's useful. You will be a way more consistent player if you just win your early game with one of the other runes and use the generated lead to win the game. And that's my view of the keystone. You bring it can be a very strong weapon for you or your opponent. So use it at your own risk. [Music] Before we move on with items, a few other concerns people have asked me are what about these runes on Aurora? Conquer. It takes too much time to stack and other runes outperform it. Dark Harvest is just the worst electrocute for the most part and it's hard to get a ton of stacks as a top or mid laner. Phase rush. Aurora already has a ton of mobility in her kit, so this is honestly overkill. Grasp, it can work, but area is just better in cases where you'd bring it and also doesn't provide too much later into the game. That's basically it for keystones. But one more thing I just remembered though, unflinching also got a buff recently, and it's pretty good. So, in the tree versus ribbon or jacks, you could end up exchanging overgrowth for it if the enemies have a bunch of crowd control. For the full room pages, I won't be showing them here since I've already went in pretty in-depth on them in my previous Aurora guide, and not that much has changed really. If you're only interested about the runes portion, there's a link below with all the pages that I use with explanation on where to bring. Everything is up to date. And now, let's talk about items. Since my initial guide, I've started going some other options. In the past, for mana items, you had the classic choice of Ludence, which deals the most burst damage, or malignance if you want to be more teamfight orientated. Both of these items are still best in slot, and I build them in the majority of my games. But recently, I've also started building Blackfire Torch in some very specific games where the enemies have at least four mele bruisery or tanky champions. It's very important that you're building it specifically against these type of champions because that's how you're going to get value from your alt proing both of Blackfire's torch's passives. Even champions like Swain you can also get value from. But sometimes you don't end up going mana items because you end up having two mana runes aka man flow and presence of mind. You can go straight into Leandre if your opponent is a tank and the enemy team overall has at least two tanks or if let's say you face someone like Yoni or Yaso on top lane. I recommend this page and together with it you can straight up build Storm Search for a first item just like some of the other cooler assassins do. Storm Search got a significant buff. So once again, it's back into its glory days. Moving on to secondary items. Storm Search is still a good option if you didn't skip a mana item and the enemies have at least three squishy champions and you want to be able to oneshot them specifically. Or if the enemies have a mixture of everything, you could just jump into Shadow Flame. Shadow Flame is the best item when it comes to dealing with mixture of squishy to tank enemy champions. So always default to it if you're not sure what to build secondary in my opinion. On the topic of damage, I cannot not mention Rabidons. The thing is, I actually almost never build this item. Mainly because all it gives is ability power and the two components it has are extremely hard to build. Occasionally though, I do get the game where I'm really really ahead and I can afford to buy two needles large rods after I've complete my second item. Then I will look to buy it as a third as long as I don't need any defensiveness. The thing is I will always prioritize actually being able to play the game against assassins by purchasing zas or not being caught out by abilities like Ashalt or RE by purchasing Banshee's Veil. And actually the thing is sometimes you end up having more damage if you just go for void staff third instead of rabbitons due to natural level ups and enemies getting the slightest bit of magic resist. Rabidons just ends up getting outvalued by most of the other items due to their overall flexibility. But maybe you want some ability haste. Luckily for us, cryum is basically void staff but better in some circumstances. If your build ends up not having enough ability haste due to specific items having priority, going for cryum third or fourth is a very solid option. This item can single-handedly salvage your build, and losing on the 10% magic pen is honestly not that bad in comparison of how much ability haste you get. As long as you scout for information utilizing tab, it really comes down to your judgment on how much magic resist the enemies will get and the overall idea behind the build you're going for. I personally build crib more often than voidap, but it is individual game dependent. And what about this item? Don't worry, most people don't know what it's called. After getting to play with Bloodletter's curse for a while now, I can confidently say it's not a bad item in the right circumstances. The thing is, Aurora is not the best user of this item. You rather buy it on someone like Brand or Zyra due to their array of damage DPS, but you can buy it on Aurora if the enemies have at least three tanks, you already have Leandre or somebody on your team has it, and you have at least one more AP damage dealer. Otherwise, just going for Voice Staff or Crybum is better. Next up is the two ability haste printers, aka Horizon Focus and Cosmic Drive. Both are a solid option for Aurora and champions that like to have more team fight presence by spamming abilities, but have different use cases due to their other stats. Horizon Focus is primarily a stat stick because of the AP it gives. You want to buy it whenever you just need raw power and also ability haste is technically more damage with a twist. It's overall very good damage boost versus enemies that you don't need magic pen into and at the same time it allows you to have more alts in a game. I also love building this item if I'm the only AP since it will be a hassle for them to stack early magic resist. It's a very good burst combination with Ludens. And when it comes to cosmic drive, its partner in crime is Leandre. The reason I say that is because that's when you rather build it whenever the enemies are tanky and bruisery. Unlike Horizon Focus, you want to build cosmic in a manner where you get value from the movement speed to kite enemies and HP to survive some unavoidable damage. But just like Horizon, it lets you pump out more abilities, which translates to constant DPS in combination with Aurora's passive. The battle mage archetype still exists in certain games. On the topic of battlemate, rift maker is legit if you've already built these items into a game where they're all tanky. I personally tried it a few games and I think it's an okay choice. And the last item we're going to discuss as a viable option for Aurora that honestly is weird that is even an option to begin with is # rocket belt. The reason why it's a more viable option now is because they made it more damage orientated rather than tanky. And a champion like Aurora or Silus, that's pretty good. When do you actually build it though? You want to get it in a situation where everything it does makes sense. Obviously, the AP is okayish and the haste is pretty good, but the HP should also have value. So, against assassins preferably, and Rockefell does something very unique that helps Aurora immensely. Right now, you're probably picturing in your mind about that extra gap close that you get from it. And you're not wrong to think that's pretty useful, especially sometimes to get those good engages going. But the unique thing that I'm actually referencing is the ability to remove the opponent's spell shields that come from Banshee's Veil or Edge of Knight by starting your combo with Rocket Belt. One of the most annoying things you can face as an ability reliant assassin is a spell shield since it removes one of your abilities from the damage cycle. But with the help of this item, you can catch people off guard and still pull off your full combo or just use it to get close to very immobile enemies like a secondary dash. Just make sure you're building it in a game where it makes sense and you won't miss out on the damage you get from other items. It's pretty niche and I really do advise it to build it only in these cases, but it does exist as an option. Last, but not least, there's a few things I'm going to add for boots. Not much has really changed. These are the best boots for almost every game. These are your situational boots, but I've actually started building these boots more. There's three reasons for this. In some games, you end up having no easy access to ability haste. So, if you go with a very aggressive build, these are a very good source for that. Second, these boots are a very good tempo buy due to their low cost, but also if your summoner spells are just coming up, you can buy them beforehand for more usage. And third, after they lower the cost of the tier three upgrade, I think they're a very good source of utility. All right, so that was the theory behind each item and when you would prioritize building them. Lastly, let's look at the actual build thought process and how you would go about making the decisions. Starting off with the most universal core of items that you can always build if you're not sure what to build, Ludas plus Shadow Flame. This provides a mixture of every stat you'd need as an assassin to start off and basically all the damage you need early on. For what you would build next, you have a lot of options. You can basically build any other item given the enemy team compars. Let's say the enemies are mainly squishy, so you can go for storm search for more damage. Let's say the enemies are squishy, but there's a lot of team fights and skirmishes happening around the map, so you want to have more alts. Rise and focus is the best option in that case. Or the opponents are not squishy at all. They end up stacking a lot of magic resist. So now is the time for you to hop into a magic pen item. Especially because at this stage of the game around the third item is when the enemies start getting naturally a lot of magic resist. This could end up being a great purchase. Alternatively, let's say instead of ludence, you went for malignant so you have more already from the core items. In that case, you have to make sure that you don't overdo it on the ability haze due to diminishing your turns. With your future items, you have to go for more damage. But now let's look at a situation where the enemies are extremely tanky. If you have only one mana room to work with, my recommendation is to go for one of the three mana items into Leandre. Then, depending if you're the only magic damage dealer on your team and how much magic resist you think the enemies will stack, your options are cosmic drive, blood letter curse, cribloom, or void staff. Now, if you went for two mana runes instead, you have the option of completely skipping the mana item and straight up jumping into Leandre. While Leandre is obviously not the best item for Aurora in general because she wants to go more assassiny, it's still the best tank shredder item in these type of situations. So start off your build with it. And after you've developed your core, now you can go for any more situational item that I've mentioned before. Of course, the variants are endless, but I just wanted to show you the idea on how to problem solve your build in different instances. And last, last, this time for real, I made a Google document with all of this information and even more so you have it all in one place for reference. And also, I went over all the room pages that I bring in my games with explanation for each one. Everything is up to date with the release of the video, and I plan on updating it whenever something new pops up. link down below. And that was it for this video. Occasionally, I'll have to make more updates on Aurora since League is a constantly evolving game. Also, sorry for the wait on this video. I had to take care of some things in my personal life. Hope you guys understand. I hope you enjoyed the video and any subscription, like, and comment is welcomed. Wishing you all a fantastic day or night. [Music]
