Title: ULTIMATE SEASON 16 GANGPLANK GUIDE! RUNES + BUILDS
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pa8S13wuFrE

Content:
Welcome everyone to the season 16 guide, Essence Reaver's back, First Strike is back, and let's just get right into it. But before we get into it, two announcements really quick. First one, I'm hosting a 48 streamer or solo queue race between EU and NA with big names like Baus, Alois, uh Tyler1, Solarbaca, obviously. Um it's going to be insane, so if you want to check that out, twitch.tv/solarbaca or go to my YouTube stream. Uh I'm going to be streaming there on both platforms as well. Second thing, I'm going to give you guys two things of the new season 16 guide for free. This is available on Patreon, but if you're interested, it'll be in the description and the comment section down below. Cho'Gath, this is how it's going to be uh summoner spell, you got your champion, difficulty level, and rune, and then how to play from minute one into the game. Same thing with Garen here. If you want to pause the video and study this, get it for yourself for free, feel free to do that. Now, with that being said, no more wasting time, let's get into the guide. All right, we're going to be starting off with the items, and then we're going to go into runes. >> [clears throat] >> Core build, Essence Reaver's back with Sheen on it. Then we're going to go double crit cloak, then LDR, Infinity Edge, 90% crit, build a lethality item, then build Shieldbow. You can build Collector instead of Shieldbow, but when you purchase Shieldbow as a fourth item, that's going to give you a 700 health shield. So, do you want 700 health or do you want a 5% execute? The the the choice is truly yours. Next, you're going to sell boots for one of two items, and listen very carefully. The first one, Youmuu's Ghostblade. You go Youmuu's Ghostblade if the enemy has any ranged characters. I would say two ranged characters, go Youmuu's. But if they have three or more melee characters, go the new item Endless Hunger. It gives you AD, it gives you omnivamp tenacity. When you kill somebody, you get 15% omnivamp, and the more important passive, gain ability haste based off of the amount of AD that you have. So, if you build this as a sixth item, I've tested this in practice tool, you'll get anywhere from 35 to 45 haste. Um for those of you who are wondering, the next highest item is Shojin with 25 ability haste. So, this is an insane amount of cooldown reduction you're getting on your barrels. Along with Essence Reaver straight up giving you 20 haste right off the bat. If you were following my previous season 15 build, it was Sheen into Collector. That's a thousand gold more expensive to for 10 ability haste less. So, new season Gangplank guys, we're going to be thriving. He's strong. Next build. Versus three or more melees, Essence, LDR, IE, crit cloak, and then you're going to go uh Death's Dance. Also, make sure after Essence Reaver, you're buying double crit cloak, guys. Crit just got buffed to 200% damage. Your damage is disgustingly high, and you'll be in laning phase when you purchase Essence Reaver. With Trinity, you were in the last two minutes, three minutes of lane. With Essence Reaver, you're there for a minute. You can get it as early as seven minutes and keep it until 14 minutes. Like you can just I'm happy. That's all you got to know. I'm happy. You guys have a reason to be happy. Uh Gangplank is incredibly strong. And with that being said, let me replace this crit cloak that was right here. Let me put it back. Death's Dance, and then after Death's Dance, complete this crit cloak into Shieldbow, and then you're going to sell your boots every single time for Endless Hunger. Guys, this is the unkillable Gangplank build. If you're looking for something that makes you feel like a bruiser, something that makes you feel like, "Damn, I'm unkillable," this is your build. I recommend it versus three or more melees, but you can technically build this every game as well. So, again, ER, LDR, IE, Death's Dance, Shieldbow, sell your boots for 40 haste. Beautiful. Versus ranged top. Now, this is the build. I know we don't like seeing Trinity, but that's why I have two top lane builds. If you're if you're against ranged top, uh then I have two builds for you. Here's the first one. Trinity, Youmuu's, Bastion Breaker. Now, for those of you don't know, I'm going to give you a quick rundown. Bastion Breaker, 22 lethality, and anytime you get an assist or kill, your next auto attack on a tower deals like anywhere from 800 true damage to like 2,000 true damage based off of how much lethality that you have. And yes, those numbers I just said are real. You can literally one-shot a tower with one single auto attack. It's really disgusting. Um that being said, that's why it works best against ranged top laners because they're very squishy, and typically you can kill them in two barrel combos. So, then after that, you're going to keep it going, Collector, then LDR for all this lethality, then you're going to sell your Trinity for Infinity Edge. Next build. Versus ranged top and you get a pretty big lead early on, Essence Reaver, Infinity, LDR, crit cloak, Bastion Breaker. Now, let me explain why LDR is not rushed in this in this scenario, but in every other scenario it is. Because LDR works if you have any amount of bonus HP. So, if if you're just a naturally scaling bruiser, right, and you buy, I don't know, Plated Steelcaps and you buy a Ruby Crystal, LDR is better than IE in every scenario. Guys, I know it sounds stupid. It's like, "Why would an item that is 35 AD do less damage than an item that gives you 75?" Bro, ask Riot. I ran the numbers, my viewers ran the numbers. I tried 30 minutes, two hours, bro. There's no just I don't get it. I don't get it. Now, that might have to something to do with Giant Slayer. Giant Slayer gives you 15% more damage on LDR based off of the bonus HP, so we can melt tanks now. But again, I don't know why, you know, 40 damage difference against squishies, LDR is still mostly better. Weird. Anyways, Collector then Opportunity with this crit cloak, right? And then Youmuu's. And guys, if you don't if you haven't already noticed, uh we're going to be going pretty much Swifties or Berserker's Greaves in every single matchup. Now, the reason for that is because Berserker's Greaves allows you to hit your barrels faster. Swifties is good against ranged top laners though because um you're able to close that gap much faster. Uh but in this scenario, for example, versus three plus melees, I I I would honestly probably just say go Berserker's Greaves. You can't go wrong with it. This is what we used to go back then, and I think this is what we'll continue to go against melee characters. So, I'm even going to put it as another option right here, and then we're going to save that. All right, next build, we have the final build, APGP. And guys, I know this looks like a really short guide in terms of items, but that's because it is. So many things are more fun, they're smaller, and there's a lot of good items. There's a lot of good items out there. Like can you go Essence Reaver and and Shojin? Yeah, you can do that. However, is that the best build? No. Right now, it's not it's not the best build. Those items aren't buffed enough for Shojin to be viable. Uh with Essence Reaver, you should just go crit. Enjoy it, play crit. Now, APGP, I highly recommend that you go APGP versus Malphite or if you're playing Gangplank mid. This is your standard build. Essence, Sorcerer's Malignance, Liandry's, Shadowflame, and then Void Staff, and then I think Actualizer is actually better um when you sell your boots. I do think it's a pretty good item. I also think you could do it instead of Void Staff um if, you know, you you end up melting the enemy team cuz they only have like one tank. And then finally, this is the other version of APGP versus all squishies. Shoutout to Fearn Gear, he was the one who uh showed me this build and said, "You know what? Just go Malignance, then go Shadowflame, then go Stormsurge, and then go Actualizer, and you'll actually melt people." So, if you're versus a lot of squishies, this is going to be the build that you're going to enjoy. And with that being said, that is all the builds for season 16 Gangplank. Those are the best builds that I recommend. And again, if you want access to what you should do in every matchup, then that's in my guide. Now, standard. First Strike, Alacrity for the attack speed, that way you can hit your barrels faster. That means it's a very very very big difference on winning the barrel, and also winning a barrel against a ranged character. And then we're going to be taking Cut Down. Now, this is just the best scaling. Now, why is First Strike good now? Because with Trinity, Trinity was an expensive item that took longer to come online in lane, right? As a result, you needed to be in lane longer to fight. Since you get Essence Reaver, this is the main difference, Essence Reaver is burst. Essence Reaver's burst, whereas Trinity was these like short trades that you got. So, because of that, First Strike is better, and First Strike will be more viable in lane, especially once you get those double crit cloaks and Essence Reaver. Ooh, you're going to be making some money. Now, next setup, Comet. Actually, one more one more time with First Strike. Here are some variations you can do, like you saw against Garen. Uh boom boom. Uh and then other variation you can do against like Jax or Aurelia, Bone Plating, Unflinching, same thing with Fiora. Uh so, you can adjust it however you need. And if you're playing mid lane Gangplank, this is actually um a build that I've been I've been saying or a setup that you should take is Treasure Hunter and Taste of Blood if you're going AD, but if you're going AP, then you can do this. Uh either way, for top lane, this is what we're going. Uh you can't go wrong with this setup. Next, Comet. Comet is still very good because everybody's taking Ignite. Since everybody's taking Ignite top lane, you need to be able to fight back. How do we fight back? Comet. Manaflow or Nimbus Cloak. If you have Ignite, go Nimbus. If you have TP, go Manaflow. That's how you keep it in your head. Then we have Absolute Focus and Scorch. If you're running if you're running Ignite, this is going to be your setup. If you're running TP, this is most likely going to be your setup. But this is going to allow you to fight back. Again, Alacrity, same reason, you want to hit your barrels faster. And then Cut Down is going to proc on all of your damage. So, Comet's going to proc on Comet, it's going to proc on Scorch, and it's going to proc on your barrels. Perfect build for the maximum amount of damage. Next, we have the fleet setup. Your toughest matchups, it could be your Rumble, it could be the Aurelion top lane, although against Aurelion, I think you're better off killing her than you are trying to sustain yourself. But against Rumble, that's harder. Against Kled, that's harder. So, if you're against the Kled matchup, this is what you should be taking, in my opinion, Bone Plating, Unflinching, maybe even Bone Plating uh Bone Plating, Revitalize, Bone Plating, Overgrowth. That choice is yours. But what I would personally run is something like uh probably something like this against Kled. Now, if you're against that Rumble, like we mentioned, Second Wind, Revitalize is going to be pretty strong, especially once you're at low health. Uh but yeah, you this is really your choice. Just against poke, Second Wind, Overgrowth, or Revitalize, choice is yours. And then Bone plating unflinching is usually going to be a good combo as well or bone plating overgrowth. Absorb life over presence of mind in my opinion because absorb life comes online at like level seven. I believe the number is level seven. It could be level seven, could be level eight, but the point is you're still in laning phase and you actually get a pretty good amount of health and that combined with fleet footwork, I mean it just feels great to have. Next rune page we're going to go over is where is it? I don't know why this is listed Cassio, that's the wrong one. APGP, so this is the final one. So you So far we've gone over three setups. The only setup I guess I'll go over here very quickly before we get into APGP is grasp. So grasp setup, when should you go it? Um, I'll be honest, you should only do this if you can get melee auto attacks and I'll even write it right here. Melee melee auto attacks. Uh, no die, like without dying. If you can get melee auto attacks without that auto attack getting canceled or dying, then it's worth it. So for example, um, Gragas, melee character, right? But can you auto him? No, cuz the fat man will body slam you. However, can you do it against Shacks? Probably also no because he has counter strike. So you can't auto him. However, Illaoi, that's a champion you can auto cuz she has to get in melee range to do deal damage. So Illaoi is a good example. K'Sante is another character who has to get melee range. Now, do you want to be melee range of K'Sante? That's another question. But you can beat him early on with grasp and deal a lot of damage. So those are the times you're going to be going grasp is if you want to go melee auto attacks without dying. But again, this is like guys, I I'm I'm telling you try not to force yourself into grasp. Try to learn first strike. And if first strike's too hard right now, learn comet. Comet's going to help you to get used to first strike. Okay? So grasp is viable. It is viable into Illaoi and to K'Sante, but try to learn first strike. You'll feel so much happier. Finally, we have APGP. This is the only setup you should go on APGP hands down. Um Now, I said hands down, but I was kind of lying cuz you can go first strike with domination secondary, but no, this is what you should go. We got comet, Axiom Arcane, Transcendence, Scorch, Taste of Blood, and Ultimate Hunter. You really just go Scorch just for the laning phase. Uh, yeah, it's just Scorch for the laning phase. I I I think Scorch is one of those runes that like people say, "Oh, but it's only early game and it gets outscaled after 10 minutes." And I'm like, "Well, yeah, but my champion struggles in the first 10 minutes." And that's true. Gangplank is a character that does kind of struggle for the first 10 minutes. Um, you know, one mistake and you're you're out of it. And then after that point where you get your first item, Essence Reaver or Trinity Force, and by the way, it is Essence Reaver for APGP, let's go. Um that is when you're going to be chilling. So we're just trying to get to Essence Reaver. So if you get the Scorch if you take Scorch you get Essence Reaver faster, you know, so be it. But again, guys, that is the end of this guide, only 13 minutes, so much shorter than I thought it would be. And once again, reminder of two things, that 48 streamer that 48 streamer solo queue race, check me out twitch.tv/solarbacca or go to my YouTube. I'm going to be streaming 10 hours every single day. Second thing, if you guys want access to the guide, the link is going to be in the description and the comment section down below. Here's your free two matchups. We got Cho'Gath, what runes, summoner spell, etc. And then how to play the lane, and then same thing with Garen going on here. So with that being said, I hope you all enjoy the video. And the last thing I'll say is what are you most excited for for season 16? Cuz for me it's it's Essence Reaver. I would say first strike, but nah, it's Essence Reaver. But yeah, that's my question to you guys and I'll see you all in the next video. Peace.
