Title: The Updated AD Shaco Build for Patch 26.10
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEKvzaQr3p4

Content:
Yo, what's up, guys? Um, I wanted to make a brief, like a short video to update my Shaco builds. My guide was a few months ago, and not much changed, to be honest, but um, I get the question a lot, like, "What do we do with the new Voltiac? Opportunity got removed. Like, what is the build?" First of all, let's get straight into it. The core build in 90% of my games is Umbral into Voltiac Cyclosword. Like, Umbral is like almost always my first item rush. It is um, I always get the question, "Is Is Voltiac better to rush or Umbral better to rush?" And the answer is Umbral. Umbral is cheaper. It's now 200 gold cheaper after the nerfs, and it's also like more damage against less than full HP targets. Also, it has more like utility with the vision passive. It is like the stronger earlier power spike, while also having this insane utility with the vision. So, it also has the better build path. So, I always rush Umbral Glaive. The second item for me, in like 90% of the time, is Voltiac. This item just deals insane damage. Like, this item got nerfed. It's like 100 gold more expensive now, but this changes nothing. This is basically like the old Voltiac price, so I'm still always going to buy it as my second in like 99% of the games. After you have these two items, you will deal insane damage. Like, the only thing from these two combines is like it feels so good, to be honest. Your third item is usually like I prefer to go Youmuu's, but if you want, you can also go Profane, if you want, and this is also viable. And you can decide, do you want a Youmuu's for more gap closing, or do you want Profane for more damage? Profane will be more damage, but honestly, I prefer to have Youmuu's over Profane a lot of the times, because I value the, you know, movement speed that much. Usually, depending on what comp you play against, if assuming you play into a full squishy comp, like the enemies like mages, AD carries, like no tanks, bruisers, no one really buys Ninja Tabi's for some reason, you know, there's no reason to go crit, so you don't go Lord Dominik's. If you need to buy an armor penetration item, you would want to go for Serylda's. Um, because A, they don't have any HP, while Giant Slayer is, you know, not going to be useful. And B, like, Serylda's is 300 gold uh less expensive and has the better base stats. It gives you 10 more AD. And uh this will just be the stronger power spike. This is especially important when you are snowballing and you're stomping and there's no reason to, you know, take the extra risk of going crit item. Because crit items are like bigger risk but a higher rewards when you have Infinity Edge. But there's no reason to do that when you are already snowballing and already like half stomping the game. So, to close out the game, you want to have quicker and more consistent power spikes. And Serylda is the better option for that. And then, last item could be something defensive to protect your shutdown like Edge of Night. This would be a perfect build. Sometimes, when you are so ahead, you don't even need to buy Serylda's. Like, you will have so much lethality that you can just do full full lethality and still deal true damage to the enemy. Obviously, this um works only against people that don't build against you, that which is kind of rare, but it happens. Um, but yeah, you have to decide that in the game. Does the enemy buy armor? Then you might need to go for like Serylda's as your fourth item. Sometimes, when you are really behind, you cannot afford to go Youmuu's as your third item. For example, when you are even or like you die once or twice, um and you have built these items and you see, okay, the enemy already has like Dead Man's Plate or like they buy Ninja Tabi's already, then you want to go for a third Serylda's grudge. But depending on how ahead you are, like, the further away you can push this uh Serylda's purchase. This is like the first build. Pretty solid. The second build is the critality build. It combines um crits and lethality. By the way, you never you never buy crit first. You always start with lethality, okay? Like, and the only two good crit items are armor penetration and Infinity Edge. So, Mortal Reminder, Lord Dominik's, and Infinity Edge. Those three items are the only good crit items, guys. Like any other item gets outclassed by lethality counterparts. Okay, that being said, the core build is the same. You can still do Youmuu's Ghostblade or Profane, however you want. And then your first crit item will always be armor penetration. Like you don't go Infinity Edge first. You don't go Essence Reaver, Collector, whatever. The first arm like the first arm Sorry. The first crit item will always be armor penetration. So, in most cases it will be Lord Dominik's. Like this. Um in edge cases where the enemy has a lot of healing, you can go Mortal Reminder. It's fine, but honestly, you you're not the best anti-healer player, so Lord Dominik's will be like your go-to armor penetration item in 90% of the time. When is this good? When they go critality. You go critality when the enemy stacks HP and the Giant Slayer passive becomes really good. And when you need the damage. So, I'm telling you like this build you go when the enemy doesn't have any defensive items, right? They don't buy armor, they don't buy HP, whatever. But the moment the enemy buys like they have something like Trinity Force or like they have like tier three Ninja Tabi on Akshan mid. Like they are kind of beefy and um the enemy is not that far behind or you're maybe not that snowballing right now. And where you just know, "Okay, wait. Actually, I might need the additional damage. Like this game might like last a few more minutes and you feel like you just need the additional damage." Then you can do the um critality option. The first item will be Lord Dominik's and the first crit item will be Lord Dominik's and then you can go for Infinity Edge last. And this is actually like instead of Youmuu's, if you have Profane. Like this is actually the highest damage Shaco build right now. Like this exact build is like the most insane damage. It is really good. Um but as I said, don't always do this. Like you have to make this decision based on draft, on comp, like how far the enemy is ahead, how you how far you are ahead. But you Up to this point is usually the same. Like they build the same, right? It's the the same core. And one thing you can do, you can you can go with Lethality and depending on how much money you have on your next back, you can do another Lethality item because one thing that's really annoying about the Infinity Edge is when you don't have the money to afford BF Sword, right? If you reset with 700 gold or like whatever like what are you supposed to buy? You you can buy this and then it's kind of awkward and you sit on this [ __ ] for like 20 minutes. Sometimes it's better and more efficient, the better tempo purchase, to just go for another Lethality item. Like let's say you can do this. And then you can sit on this and you can build it into Edge of Night, which is also totally fine. Completely fine, too. You can maybe just sit on the Lethality and not build into Infinity Edge. But the beautiful thing about Infinity Edge I'm sorry, the beautiful thing about Lethality fourth is that you have the option, right? To transition to crit. This will be the most damage. But then again, you don't need to buy Infinity Edge, especially if you have awkward money afterwards, you know? Like sometimes it's just better to buy the stronger item in the moment instead of buying nothing and being weaker. When you need additional damage, you can go critality. There's another variant I want to talk about and it is against tanks and melee heavy comps. It's like with Blade of the Ruined King, sometimes you see me buy this item. I sometimes go Bork when I play against very melee heavy matchup. Like the enemy has like Sylas jungle, then they have something like Galio mid or like top lane they have Garen, like completely melee Braum support and then they have something like low range Samira, you know? A game where you can auto attack a lot a lot, like skirmish heavy, right? And in those games you want to go Blade of the Ruined King because they will always stack HP, like bruisers and melee champions usually stack HP. That's why I want to incorporate Blade of the Ruined King in this build. >> [music] >> And the best way to do it is if you take this this because usually when you play into these type of comps, these champions will buy armor early. You don't want to really delay your Lord Dominik's or sometimes you can't delay your Dominik's because they keep buying or rushing armor early. I would still like you can still rush Umbral Glaive and you can you can actually still do this core like Umbral into Volibear Tyke. You can do like this, right? And go Bork third. But sometimes that's too late for your Lord Dominik's. Some like sometimes they already have so much armor that you need armor penetration earlier. You can do this into this if you want, but um technically like the most damage you can get against tanks and armor is going Sanguine Blade into Bork into Lord Dominik's. This way you don't delay your your armor penetration and you also have like the most armor damage and yeah. After you have this, you can decide to go like you can go crit. You can go Infinity Edge for the most damage once again, but if you play against tanks and bruisers, it helps to be somewhat bruisery yourself like have some HP. So I personally like to go for earlier um Edge of Night and then if you want you can finish with this. But you can also finish with another defensive item like you can go for GA here or like more of their AP. Against these melee bruiser comps, it is [music] unlikely that you one-shot anyways, so it's more important that you can stay in the fight for longer and like deal more DPS, you know? Okay. Next build, my last build I want to talk about. Sometimes you see me play Eclipse Bork with Trinity. It is not something I do very often, but um it is exactly into these comps I talked about like a second ago like when you play against full melee yeah, bruisers uh skirmisher heavy team comps. Like let's say the enemy has Lee Sin, Sylas, uh top lane they have a [ __ ] Garen whatever. Like you know, you know these very close range like people that want to like jump you and want to fight you. And against these types of comps, you can still do this build if you want. This is a bit more chill to play and still okay build in my opinion. This one gives you like HP like good skirmish stats whatever. This is pretty good. Like Eclipse also gives you the shield nice damage. Like these two items make you kind of tanky especially if you're snowballing. You can stat check the enemy a lot with this. Yeah, it kind of it's kind of easier to play the game because usually when you play into these bruiser-heavy melee-heavy comps, like the enemy usually has a lot of threats for you and you you are at risk of dying a lot. And these items basically help you, you know, not die as much. I like to go Bork first and then if you want to like commit to the damage part, you can go this this. This will still do a lot of damage, but you can also, if you want, go more defensive here, but you know, that's up to you. This is some something I do very rarely, like I have to admit, but sometimes you see me do this. Then I want to briefly talk about boots. I think all of these are fine. I usually finish my boots after my first item, like after Umbral Glaive, and then 90% of the time I go Berserker's Greaves, but I think all of these boots are also fine. You can decide which boots you want. One thing I do though is I sometimes just like this this depends on how far ahead you are or how far behind you are. Like if you are behind, I like to sit on these boots. Like don't upgrade your boots too early if you are behind. Because if you are behind, you cannot afford to waste money on stuff like attack speed or like haste on this. Like you need your second power spike, you need damage. Um so, keep that in mind if you're behind, um try to finish your next item and then maybe you can upgrade. But usually I get to uh have a lead in the early game and I just finish my boots second and I think that's it regarding the builds. I think summary, Umbral Glaive the best core, like it's so good, nice damage. And then depending on how the game goes or how the enemy drafted, you can decide to go for more lethality. I actually I really like this core. I really love it. Um and [clears throat] then the moment you decide if you want to go for armor penetration, you can be like, "Okay, what does What does the enemy have? Does the enemy have HP or does the enemy is very squishy?" So, then you decide between Lord Dominik's or Serylda's, you know? And when you have Lord Dominik's, then you can make the decision, "Do I want to go Infinity Edge or not?" Don't go Infinity Edge if you don't have Lord Dominik's. This is not worth it, guys. Trust me. Like at this point just buy another lethality item, like this, but only go Infinity Edge if you have Lord Dominik's. Like when the enemy has low I mean when the enemy has lots of shielding, like a lot of enchanters, you might want to go Serpent's Fang. But what I do is still like this core like Umbral Glaive is always the core. I will never like almost never change it. And then instead of Youmuu's or Profane, you can do Serpent's Fang third. Like um like this for example, if you need the like anti-shield. And then once again, you can decide do you need armor penetration? Then you use this. And you still have a thought to buy another another lethality item. You can do this. You know, you get the gist, right? I want to briefly talk about the runes next. Um like it didn't really change from my from my guide, but let me just like rush this over. Um like this is the same. Uh when you ask Okay, but by the way, Hail of Blades um my thoughts on the new Hail of Blades. >> [snorts] >> Like the true damage is like you don't notice the damage. You notice the like drop in attack speed. But [music] it's okay, you know, it's like a neutral change. I don't really I guess whatever. Like it's still the best rune for you to take. Sudden Impact, Six Sense, really important. And then I prefer Treasure Hunter. You can do Relentless if you want. I prefer this one right now. Um and then once again, the same three rune pages secondary are good. You can do this with attack speed and cutdown if you want attack speed. This is good into >> [music] >> like these bruiser um melee comps that I mentioned where Trinity or like Bork is fine. Like you want this additional attack speed that helps you in these like skirmishes in the early mid game, right? One thing I really like to currently is the sorcery um for the most scaling because in my experience, the the games drag out a lot in this in this in this season. Matchmaking is very weird and I feel like you play a lot of games with like master like lower Elo players. And so I for me, I noticed games drag a lot, you know, the games last too long. This just basically ensures I can like one shot when it goes on too long. You know, it's nice. It's the most scaling, most damage. I like it. But then again, inspiration is still perfect. You can do magical footwear or cash back, one of those two. And then you can either go approach velocity or cosmic insight or even triple tonic if you want. Like this is usually when I go inspiration, this is my go-to rune page. Um but currently I must say this is my most useful page. But you can experiment yourself, do what you want. I think you can't do go wrong with either of those three rune pages. That's it. Anything else? I think that was it. Might have forgotten something, but yeah, if you have any questions, leave them down below in the comments. And you can always ask me on Discord, on stream, here in the comments, like yeah, that's it. Thanks for watching. See you next time.
