Title: THE LEVEL 2 SPIKE - Thresh Theory | ep. 28
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rm7J-zWc78

Content:
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am back. I'm in the middle of a very hectic moving process right now. So, my apartment here is starting to get completely empty. And with that, my energy levels are also quite empty. I can tell you that much. Oh my god, Christmas map. It's kind of cozy. I can't lie. We are playing against a Jana and MF this lane. Usually I would go glacial against the Jano because I don't need that much resistances. I don't need the Aftershock in lane, but I saw that my team this game was very heavy ranged. It's Kindred, Vex, Yara, and Jace, which is hybrid. So I think I will need to supplement a little bit as a front liner in fights and I need the resistances when it comes to the team fights, you know. So you need to think about your role in team, what the fights are going to look like, what what piece you are kind of playing as the thresh. So some games you can be a little bit more of a sideliner, you can be uh a little bit further back and kind of peel, but uh some games you also need to step in a little bit as the front liner and be a little bit more tanky. We will definitely get level two first. We've pushed a lot more than them. I don't know if we can squeeze anything out of them though. Maybe we can. This Jenna's kind of beef. Oh, she [ __ ] up. She definitely [ __ ] up. That's nice. And I'm going to walk up because I have some time right now because Jana is dead. Get very deep vision on their jungle hero. You always got to look out for the level two spike in bot lane. Thresh has one of the strongest ones as well. It's strong for everyone, but especially on Thresh, he can literally always get like a summoner spell or a kill if the enemies don't respect it. Going to try to deny this cannon. She's still level one. Look, Aftershock for the trade here. Not taking that much damage. We can probably kill the Jana again. I don't know if that's crazy. Yeah, we can. Wow. Got to play around the aftershock. When you have your resistances up, you can't really take that much damage in the trade, but after it, you need to kind of back off again and chill. There might be a jungler in the area that's going to try to bail bot lane out of this sticky situation that they're in. That would not be weird. So, might need to play a little bit more chill. Kindred is pegging it, too. Kindred could maybe um I do still have flash and Jana doesn't. So if I flash EQ, I can maybe get a hook and maybe Kindred can come in. Don't know if this is an angle. We will have to push out and uh just take the reset. I think that's nice. Going to get a pretty classic reset for me, which is boots, ruby crystal, and a control ward. I would maybe have looked mid here for a potential Rome, but it's Malahar. He has a spell shield. It's not really an angle. Now I kind of want to sneak in to a bush further up and see if we can get a kill. We have vision for when they walk in. No, I'm spotted. I do have flash. So if Jana walks up a little bit too much, I will completely annihilate her. Going to play pretty aggressive here. Kindred is botside. She's coming in for the gank. So even if their jungler shows up, we have backup as well. Get the Jano. Yep, it was just a distraction. Get a reset here as well. It's very nice. We like it. A little bit awkward gold though. We're a little bit away from CDR boots, so I'm just going to keep building stuff. The drink of the day is apple and mango straight from the source. There is something going on here. Is this Sahen champ going to [ __ ] one v9 here? Oh, he is. It looks like it. Get me out. I'm ulting that [ __ ] Is he okay? Can low key play this though. Oh, that's a lantern. Okay, that's a flash. We got to run now. Oh [ __ ] Oh [ __ ] He's angry. I don't have anything. Um guys, what if I can hook here if they try to push another? Hold up. Hold up. As long as she doesn't kill me. Damn. Okay. Okay. The out of vision queue when she's trying to push the wave. Yara was standing here waiting for the lantern. I like that. I like that a lot. Going to gamble on us getting the feat this game. Get the CDR boots so I can get the upgrades afterwards for a [ __ ] ton of haste. Should I up? Oh, no. He jked. Back out. No. And now I don't have lantern for the No. No. And he has the spell shield. No. That's such a tragedy. I'm going to wait for someone to walk up here. I feel like Jana wants vision. So, I'm just going to stand here and pretend I'm not in the area while in reality I am just waiting out of vision. Oh. Oh, I'm going to ignite. I don't know what this champ does. Does he heal? Kill him. Kill him. Okay, he's dead. Hook. Oh, minions. Yunar though is [ __ ] melting him. Okay. Hey, very nice. I even got the souls. And would you look at that? We got feet already. So when I get my support item upgraded, it counts as two legendary items. One normal and one support item counts as two. And uh then I can get my upgraded CDR boots, which is great. Feel like I'm joining the wrong fights, you know? Now I joined the botside when I shouldn't have been botsside. Sahan champion. What is he going to do? He's doing something. I'm okay. I'm okay. What is going to happen now? Oh, I lowkey played his ass. Please get him. Please get him. It's not okay. It's not okay. Oh [ __ ] Oh [ __ ] Oh [ __ ] Oh [ __ ] I'm drinking my uh apple juice. That's a flash. That's a Jace engage. Uh run Jace. Um that's a spell shield gone. Oh you know you are a little bit crazy. Oh I could have predicted that honestly. Okay, this game is not easy. Even though I'm doing pretty damn well, I didn't get spotted. Wait, hold up. Wait. MF needs to walk in here. She's out of position. Look, look. There's an MF. There's an MF. Kill her, please. Oh my days. My team can't just calm their titties for two. Oh, there's a turret here. Oh [ __ ] I'm in trouble. Wait. Yeah, I'm good, bro. Can't the team chill for like two seconds? I got us a free kill on the MF. If we just chilled for a bit and didn't fight, then we could have had that. Jenna might walk in here. Wait. Slowed hooked. Oh, what? [ __ ] What? What the? We got to steal this or some shits. We got to steal this or some shits. No, you're not serious. Hold up, Ly. Go, go, go, go, go. Oh, the Vex ultimists. Feel like we got to chase them here though. Oh, he dodged it with Protobolt. Jked my ass. Okay, lantern for the shield hook over the wall. Oo, no. The Kindred. The Kindred. You're not serious. What is that? I think it's actually my first game seeing this uh Zahen champion by the way. Is it good? What do you guys think? I think that rest ability is kind of interesting, but I don't think it's OP. I think it's pretty perfectly balanced. What the [ __ ] Oh my god, that was a [ __ ] sad way to end the game. Jesus Christ. Deeper down in the trenches we go. I tried to be a little bit of a front liner this game with Aftershock. Tried to be that piece that my team needed to win, but uh we just couldn't play out the fights correct and we just gave some very stupid objectives. uh from doing stupid things, which is usually what happens in this ELO and u a lot of other ELOs. I hope you guys still enjoyed the episode. Hope you maybe learned something. And uh if you did, I would appreciate a like on the video. Leave a comment if you want to get featured in the next episode. And I'll see you next Friday. Bye-bye.
