Title: 3 Minute Pantheon Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgdiCysMutQ

Content:
Why play Pantheon support? Well, he brings massive kill threat. He has guaranteed lockdown. He's very strong at roaming and he brings semi-global pressure. However, he's very all-in with little disengage. And being damage reliant, he can struggle if he falls behind. Pantheon's passive is he generates a stack every time he lands a basic attack or casts an ability. This stacks up to five times, and at five stacks, it empowers his next basic ability. He also fully stacks this every time he backs. Pantheon's Q can be used in two different ways. If the ability is tapped, it is a short-range rectangular skill shot and a large amount of the cool down is refunded. However, if the ability is held down, Pantheon will charge up the ability, slightly slowing himself. During this time, it becomes a longer range skill shot. Both casts deal the same amount of damage, and this damage is massively increased against targets below 20% health. However, the charged up spear will deal reduced damage against enemies beyond the first. When empowered, this ability deals bonus damage. Pantheon's W is a point-and-click ability, which leaps him to the target, dealing damage to them and stunning them. When empowered, he immediately attacks him three times, dealing reduced damage, which does indeed count as three instances towards fully stacking his next passive. And this ability also works as an auto attack reset. Pantheon's E holds his shield in a direction and channels for 1 and 1/2 seconds, where he constantly deals damage in front of him in a cone. During this time, he becomes invulnerable to all non-turret damage from that direction, hitting a shield. At the end of the cast, Pantheon deals a chunk of damage again in that cone. When empowered, after the ability ends, Pantheon gains bonus armor, magic resist, and move speed. Pantheon's ultimate has a passive where he gains bonus armor pen. The active causes him to channel for two seconds, then leap into the air. He throws out a circular skill shot into an area which deals damage to enemies hit and slows them. He then crashes down, dealing damage in a large area and appearing there. For combos, start with a fully charged W into your three attacks. From here, Q into an attack before using E and attacking away. And this combo works very well if you start al. For matchups, Pantheon bullies most enemies in lane, but it's particularly good into squishier supports. However, he's not as strong into enchanter support who will outscale him. For runes, PTA is amazing as his empowered W instantly stacks it. For build order, start world Atlas and pot into an eclipse and tier 2 boots, upgrading to a blood song. From here, a Sununded Sky and Black Cleaver are great pickups before finishing a build with any of these as needed. For skill order, start W, then Q, then E, before maxing Q, then W then E, taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and Ignite. For synergies, Pantheon is amazing with carries who can just play aggressively with him. Starting the game, you're looking to play aggressively and look for kills out of the gate. Having a point-and-click stun on a basic ability is incredibly strong in this game. And from level one, the fact this procs PTA is just a ton of damage. From level three, your combo is insane and will one-shot tons of enemies. So get early brush control so your carrier has pressure to farm, poke away with Q, and keep threatening all-ins. Your level six gives you amazing roam pressure, but also is amazing at even ganking your own lane. Enter the mid game, take tower as soon as possible, and look to make plays around the map. You'll often find yourself roaming with your jungler, hunting kills. Entering late game team fights, play as the follow-up engage. The strongest way to fight is as soon as everyone's committed, ult in. This gives you a very good chance to land the spear in your ultimate and you just crash down dealing massive damage. From here, even as support, you can quickly one-shot enemy carries while your in keeps you very
