Title: Ultimate Neeko Item Guide Season 16: Best Builds, Runes & Tips!
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgkhVfp97h8

Content:
Hey guys, season 16 is here and it's time for me to be going over all my builds. As you can see, I've been climbing after a two-year break, and I have lots of thoughts on the new meta and how to play with the builds going from AP to AD to support. You can use the timestamps below to skip the build you're interested in. And at the very end, there will be a time stamp of me explaining where the hell I've been for the last two years. Guys, it's so important that you guys like, subscribe this video, and comment below because I have not posted anything really for two years, and it's just going to help out a lot out a lot a lot. We're not even going to edit that out because this is raw, okay? So, appreciate it and uh let's start. All right, so to start this whole page going over all my builds, there will be a link in the description with the codes that you can import it if you want. And to preface, other than the AD build, Dark Seal Rush is good in every build and I do build it in most my games. Let's start off with support because you know, Dog Lightning, the godfather of support. I don't know about this Curia, but I've been playing this since season 9. Put respect on my name. All right, Curia's very good, of course. So, to start off with the traditional support core, not the AP variant, but the dog lightning tank support, as you know, I've always liked tank items on Eco. Rocket Belt seems like the best first item this season. I have in some games been going locket rush if like I just want to be as tanky as possible, but to be honest, the game feels the best when I've just been rushing rocket belt this season. Now, after rocket belt, you can literally pick from all these items here. The only one that I'm not really sure about, I haven't really tested this protoplasm much, but like reading its stats, it seems pretty good. The only thing is it scales with levels and resist, and Nico as a support is underleveled, and you're not really building resist. But if you do the lock it rush, I could see this item being really good after like lock it once you have some resistances. So, question mark on this one, but other than that, pretty good. So, if your team needs anti-heal, oblivion orb. Um, the verdant barrier I think is really good just sitting on it. I'm not sure if you need to upgrade it all the way all the time. You can if you want, but like if the enemy team has like a Syndra, it's like I'm building this item because if she stuns me, I just die and it makes the game really unfun. I haven't been building Charelas too much this season, but I mean Sharelia's Charelia is really good. Um, what I've actually been building is my core item build. So, most of the time I'm always going to be going the CDR boots. Also, by the way, celestial shield is what I usually go, but um, the one that makes it when you CC gives move speed and HP is good. The one that makes it when you auto attack amps your damage for team is pretty good versus like tanks. And the one that gives you a little bit extra damage I think is not that great, but it's all good. So anyways, um yeah, I usually go rocket belt rush and then if my team has some APS and the enemy team has some APS, I've honestly been finding Rocket Belt straight into Abyssal Mask being really good, um the Abyssal Mask radius is actually bigger than the than the um ulti, right? So if we look at the radius of like when we hit our ulti on the edge, right? They're actually in range right now of the abyssal mask, meaning that this 12% damage amp will go on your ulti and anyone that you combo within your alti is taking the 12% increased damage. So, it feels really good because, you know, you can start getting tankier and then after that, I've actually been finding a really good combo with this item is to just go straight into cry bloom. Um, with this three item spike, I feel like you're just really strong because you have the tankiness, you have the damage, and then you're scaling into late game the heal for your team. So, if you want to do like a tanky build but actually do damage, I've been finding this three item build to be really good. But of course, you can also instead of going that if you just want to be utility, throw in utility items. But in terms of like a core kind of build, I've been kind of doing this versus AP heavy teams. And I've also been really enjoying if you have like a fed ADC or something, going like Knight's Vow into Bandal Pipes has felt really good to me so far because if I have like a really fed Aphilios and my whole job is just keep Ailios alive, you give him like Knights Vow and then you hit the CC and you're giving him like attack speed. you throw on like a locket. I'm not kidding. A game I had um the other day, this was like my full build and the game literally and as soon as they engage on my affilios, I just redemption him, locket him, CC around him, and just try to keep him alive. So, I mean, this build right here is a really good protector ADC build. And if your team has a lot of APS, right, I would just sub out the redemption for the Abyssal Mask. But again, you can just look at any of these items, sub in whatever you like. They're all really good. you need some, you know, they have like a Fiddlesticks or a Zoey or their whole team is like attack speed characters. All good. For the AP support build, the bread and butter, nothing's ever changed. You know, I would still go CDR boots, but um pen boots are also fine, but I would go CDR boots just because you want your ulti on a lower cool down. And of course the core for if you're going again I know lots of uniko mains find it too if it's too many keybinds don't get the znas get other things but you know you got to be able to rock belt flash you know and then znas and try to stay alive so that's the core for AP support always has been in my opinion and then again you know you got your oblivion orb if you need you know like versus a cyn or something your verdant barrier and then just some like random AP items mix and match whatever you want from here uh if you build these items you will do a lot of damage and kill stuff. And again, if you don't like Znas, even if you don't like Rocket Belt because it's too much damage, you know, you can just build any of these items, right? You can just go Storm Surge Rush and, you know, go that into like a freaking cry bloom and you'll do a ton of damage. Now, for the mid lane options. So, for mid lane, um, mid lane. So, there's actually a viewer, um, who's been watching me for a long time, and he's actually hit rank one E, and this is the build he was recommending, and I've tried it out, and it feels pretty good. So, you're going your pen boots, and then instead of going rocket belt, um, storm surge, because storm surge just gives you more damage than rocket belt. And realistically, when you're playing an AP burst mage, the idea is to AP burst the enemy. I know a lot of unique mains like Ludens. You don't see it here because I personally don't like that item, but Luden is a very good item. Um, if you have issues with mana and you just want something to help you, you can just go Luden here. But storm surge, shadow flame, and then the biggest thing about this build is that now you can get your Zna's third, which gives you the survivability. The problem with going rocket belt first is that if you go rocket belt, storm surge, zas, you're getting two utility items in your first three. Uh when you watch pro play, most of the time when they would go like this build, they'd be going like raidons, death cap, void, and then getting like znas really late because you can't just get zas with rocket belt, you're going to kill your damage. So if you like rocket belt, sure, but you're like picking that over znas. At the end of the day, you really only have spot for one utility item in your build. Picking between zas, rocket belt, and banshees and like morllos, right? And I think you go storm surge, shadow flame, and then it's like I can get my zas. I can just go in for my big Nico oneot play clay zas void staff, you know, finish it off with a death cap and you're just doing massive damage. Or if you're, you know, you're playing on the side lane a lot, you know, you want some split push, take the Nasher's Tooth, you'll just shred towers. Um, fun fact, Nico does bonus damage to towers as a melee minion. And fun fact, or not as a melee minion, as a melee, she does more damage to tower plates. And fun fact, every tower has plates now. Um, so you can just shred towers if you turn into a melee champion with Nasher's Tooth. So yeah, that's my uh AP core mid, but again, you can just go whatever you really want. This is just what I've been doing this season and what's felt good to me. Um the AP bruiser core. So for AP bruiser core, um you can go like the resistance boots. Um especially if you're playing like mid-lane Nico, the like upgraded boots are really good um for the tank ones. And [snorts] I've, you know, it might seem troll, but this build's actually pretty good. Like say you just like like when you go this build, you have a ton of HP. like you're super tanky, like 300 HP, 300 HP, 350 HP. The upgraded boots mid lane are going to be giving you that extra shields. And Nico has crazy high base damage. So, with this build, you're still going to like you're still going to slap. Like obviously I'm level 18, but um and this is like a no resist unit, right? But like full combo, right? Like we just did after the burn finishes, we just did about 2,900 damage, right? Like my HP bar at level 18 is 3,400. Like we're almost one-shotting. And by the way, this is me with all these resist items, right? Like without resist items, right? I have 2,400 HP and we just did 2,900 damage, right? So, um, and that's only three items spiked, too, right? So, like, yeah, I'm level 18, but obviously like we can change levels. So, the point is this damage actually this build actually slapped. You actually do a ton of damage. If your team is like not got any front line engagers and you're playing Nico, this build's actually really strong. Um, you can go first item, Rod of Ages if you want. And if you go like Rod of Ages with these items, you're going to be really really freaking tanky. Um, not bad at all. Um, I've kind of strayed away from it because it just feels like you're pushing your curve away compared to like these items first, but like it's it's very good. Um, unending despair scales with how much HP you have. So like for instance, if you got the Rod of Ages and then you got the Unending Despair, right? like you're are now doing like you're really tanky pretty good. Um and it might seem kind of weird but um Nasher's tooth actually feels pretty good. I wouldn't go with abyssal mass with Nasher's tooth but like Nasher's tooth here and like a a cry bloom like you're pretty tanky and you actually do a lot of sustained DPS in the fight so it's hard for them to kill you. Nasher Leandre actually increases your damage over time like you do more and more damage ramping. So yeah, this is my bruiser build. Pretty good if you want to just be like kind of tanky and not just get one bot shot by everything. Um next is Apon Hit. AP on hit, you're gonna want to take Sorkc shoes. You don't want to get attack speed boots. I've tested the DPS with attack speed boots to AP boots is almost identical, but now your burst is lower for just doing your combo. And it's also harder to manage um faster attack speeds. So, isn't it crazy, guys? I have This is all one take. Like, since I've started since the I'm sorry I might be cutting it up, but it might be for you, but this has been just I just started one take through. I haven't made a video in two years. This is my first video and I'm just the goat. I just turn up and I'm like, "All right, let's go." Anyways, back into it. So, these items are the core. I am not sure on the build on to go it. I've been feeling like Nasher's Tooth into Shadow Flame into Void Staff are the best three to start because this item kind of kills your your damage. Um because and the sustain doesn't really start to get too good until later in my opinion. So, I've kind of been feeling like going this item fourth where it's like you just do as you got your items to actually like be bursty and take towers and stuff. Um, this build will shred towers, guys. Like, this build will shred towers faster than AD, even though you don't have much attack speed, cuz towers have like take increased damage from magic damage sources, I believe, instead of AD. And you just turn into a melee champion, and you will just shred towers. Um, so yeah, I know Wo, who's an AD Nico player, goes this exact build, too. He's come to the same conclusion except he goes gunlade first, he goes gunlade, Nasher's Tooth, Shadow, Flame, Void. My problem with this build is it feels like if the enemy team's building R, you're just like your damage falls off. So like if you're like the only AP on the team and it's probably fine, but like if you got multiple APs, which a lot of times you do, it feels like I feel like it's kind of hard to build this first, but I mean it gives the same amount of AP as Nasher's Tooth and you're just trading attack speed and like I just I don't know. I mean it does do a lot of burst. the the almost I don't know the order doesn't really matter. These items are good and with it you can build any of these items on top. Um I've I love ragelade but it doesn't feel optimal. Your burst just goes down the drain when you build this item and the damage does go up on DPS. But like the caveat is apon hit Nico never is going to really kill tanks. It never has. It's always been the one reason I've never really liked Apon hit is that it's never actually good into tanky units and then to squishy units, you might as well just be going full burst. But the nice thing about this build is it's really good if there's enemy team squishy and you want to split push. Split pushing with this build feels amazing. Um, you know, wits end if you need some magic resist feels really good. Zna's death cap, you know, death cap will increase your damage on this from to 113 per auto from 71. Quite a big upgrade because it gives so much AP. Um, so yeah, that's the AP on hit build. And finally, AD on hit. Don't at me on this one. I have not played AD on hit, Nico, in two years. So, this is pretty much just the 80 on hit build from before. You heard me mention there's a guy named Lolero. He has a YouTube, although he doesn't really upload. He all he streams regularly though. He is a challenger, Nico AD player, so I would refer to him. Um, he likes to go like tank items. This is just like a pure DPS AD on hit, but he usually likes to go like tanky items, like you go these three items into like tank items. Um, so if you're top lane, that's probably good. If you're ADC, you're probably in yourself playing ADC Nico bot, but if you're going ADC Nico, this this is core. Um, I probably should have moved Witsend down here as situational because after these three, you know, if you want maximum DPS, you're going to go Phantom Dancer, right? If they're all like going to be bruisers grouped up in a bundle, you want to be applying your Bork to all the targets. you want to go runons, right? Um, you know, um, if you need anti-heal, you're going to want to go mortal reminder. Um, blood thirstster feels amazing because it just gives you a ton of sustain and it gives you that shield for survivability. So, again, don't at me with the item builds, but on this one, but uh, you know, you can't go wrong with it. So, yeah, if you guys have any questions about these builds, let me know in the comments below. You know, I love to answer comments. cringe. So, the one thing I'll say that's really different about this season for Nico specifically is homeg guards. Homeg guards changes the game for Nico quite literally because when you back and you time your back timers, you can use home guards to catch minion waves into another lane. So, if I time my back timer perfectly, you can always be like getting back and even if the wave was like up here, you can use your home guards to catch up to the wave. Now, the one thing I'll say is that you want to be making sure you drop your home guards or it gives it away. So, you want to walk into the jungle a bit and then go gank a lane. This is really important for Nikos this season. Um, I think even taking TP, right? So, like say you're playing mid lane and you like, you know, you shove the wave in. You shove this wave in and then you recall, right? And now I'm going to recall and this wave is spawning. This is what I'm saying about the home guards, right? So, I shove a wave in and I go, "Okay, I want to gank bot now." So you take the home guards and you can catch up to the minion wave just like that, right? You go in and you make sure you drop the you drop the move speed and now all of a sudden you're coming in bot lane with your alti. We're on we're coming in bot lane with the alti, right? And we're flash alting. you get a kill or something and then you pop your TP and all of a sudden you're back mid and you essentially lost nothing for that Rome timer. And the same thing is going for support. So obviously as a support main you hit level two off of this second wave. So what I usually do is on the first wave we kind of keep it frozen and we fight. I fight super aggressively. I don't care about my HP pool. I just keep dumping damage, damage, damage. After the second wave gets pushed into tower, I recall in the bush. This timer actually gets me on time to now roam top or mid on the minion wave because we pushed the wave into tower. The minion wave will always bounce back and hit our tower. So my ADC can either stay and just chill or he can also recall and come and I can always just go in another lane. So I've been it's not every game, but like in lanes especially lanes where it's like say you're facing like Karma Caitlyn, right? And they just do a ton of damage into you. Instead of worrying about my HP and taking good trades, I'm just trading into the enemy Caitlyn super badly over and over again. we get the push into wave and I just recall and then after that recall I can just go straight back bot with full HP and have the advantage off of that or with that I can just go gank one of the lanes, right? So, um especially for support on the level two and level three spike are good ones to just trade aggressively and on either level two or three shove the wave in and recall and go minion gank a lane. I think this is honestly a massive change for Nico that can't be understated. I don't think any other champion gets as much of an advantage as Nico does with her minion passive um with this new home guard change. Um I've been it's part of why I've been climbing so fast is because I've been trying to abuse a lot of players are still really new and to be honest a quick story dog yapping. It's never quick. It's a quick story. I did this exact play where I shoved in and then started recalling. My ADC started recalling and then at the last second he canceled his recall and started spam question mark pinging me. I went down mid and killed mid and instead of him just like sitting under tower waiting, he should have recalled and just come back. Pray fest two, we were both half HP. Like he should just recalled and came straight back. He um Why is there like a this jungle camp got like the ocean soul buff on it? That's weird. Anyways, he like stayed and then he started pushing the wave back to them and then he's like 1v2 with the wave pushing and he started flaming me and then he rage quit and I lost the game. like he got so mad. But it's like so you can't really help it with your a people don't know. But the whole point is like if your my teammate in master's elo can't even understand the play I'm making when he has full vision of what's happening. The enemy doesn't either. When you full shove and recall in a bush, they don't know you've recalled and they don't know you're about to be minion ganking mid or top. They're not going to be pinging mid like we're careful careful or top careful careful. They're thinking like oh is Nico in that bush. We have to be careful for oursel. So yeah I I think um again I play supports. of abusing at support. But like if you take TP mid or top and you just shove a wave in, recall, gank another wave and TP back, at most you're going to miss like half a wave or like one wave and stop them from taking plate and you're going to just win that lane for you, right? That other person's lane. So I think right now, Nico, trade crazy aggressive early. Get the early sho recall, minion gank, TP back, and you've just won another lane. If you can be good enough to win your lane, you're winning two out of three lanes in the game. The odds of winning go up. Yep. Yep. Yep. Off to the runes, which I was going to like edit the runes with each build, but now I'm thinking I don't know. I'm just leave it all in one flow. So, off to the runes. It's being raw dog this video. Okay, we're not we're not we're not keeping that in the video. Or are we? Okay, so for runes, this will be kind of a smorgishborg. So, let's just go with it. So, again, the Nico support god. Let's just start off with some support. Um, this room page is the best room page if you're playing really aggressive. Um, these runes here are kind of preference on play style and how you want to play. You know, like the ability haste one is really good um if you want your W, you want to lower cool down, if you're in a match up, for instance, like a pike matchup where you want your W always to be up when he goes in or something. Uh, attack speed is really good if you like to auto trade and it's really good for like early all-ins where that extra DPS is going to matter. And adaptive force is really good for just poking. This goes for all the pages. So, I think although I haven't really been running this page much this season because I've been trying stuff out, this is probably the best build for just, you know, consistency. Um, you taking your Comet Scorch level one, you're just throwing Q's and you're getting a bunch of damage. Level two, I actually like to take W level two in most lanes. Um, because if you take your E, I find you run out of mana. Again, with the play style I said where if you're trying to shove and do early recall, the E can be fine. You can just like be looking and then look for the roam. But if you're not going to roam and stuff, the thing about W is sudden impact, the true damage procs when you go invisible. And true damage, by the way, goes through resistances. So, Scorch does 20 damage level one, but after resistances, it does like 16. This does 20 true damage. So, this actually does more damage than Scorch. So, what you do is like level two is you pop W to run forge and you throw Q. It's a guaranteed Q because you're running at them with W and they're not expecting to have W level two and you're landing, you know, your Sun Impact, your Scorch, your Comet, and the Q. Um, it's a lot of damage. it adds up. And deep ward is really good for just making it harder for the enemy to clear your wards and it makes it also um your wards last longer. So, this is like the most aggressive page. Um if you're not as aggressive as a player, um I think magical footwear is actually this season got a lot better. This is like more of a page I've been running a lot this season. Uh actually, I've been running electrocute more, but that's besides the point because I've been going back to W level one, not because I think W I'll talk about electrocute. Shut up, dog. So the free boots I think feels a lot better this season. You know, 300 gold they're not spending. They can go straight into like your dark seal or something rush. And again, we have home guards. Home guards gives you all that move speed out of base. So you don't really need to be rushing boots to be able to rotate around the map. You can just recall and get to the top objective. Recall and go back bot, right? So I feel like free boots is really good and cosmic insight. Obviously Nico and flash is really important. My other room page that I've been going this season mostly right now a lot is this page. Uh because electrocute just does big damage and it feels good to watch the lightning bolt come in and then just get one shot later. It scales better than comet. And I like to take W level one into most matchups where I just take W and I'm auto attack harassing with Sun Impact. This play style is much harder and to be honest in a lot of matchups it's kind of griefing. I think this build is really good into like tank supports though because like versus a tank support, you can really abuse the auto attacks level one. If they hooks you and you have W, you can go invisible and then like W into route onto their ADC, right? Where like if you're going comet, you don't get your W to level three, which leaves you open to getting hooked. It leaves you open to getting ganked, stuff like that. So yeah, I mean this page also is really good for instance when you have a Caitlyn ADC cuz with Caitlyn you can turn into Caitlyn and get her long range and like abuse autos with Sun Impact. But um yeah, this is like a page I've been going. Um Comet uh for mid lane, right? Again, bas the exact same that I was going support. I mean, again, League of Legends is all play style. If you have a different build, go a different build, you know, like you could be going freaking like biscuit delivery probably into like some matchups where you really want the sustain, but again, I think the sustain from biscuit. It's just with home guards, recall, get full HP, come back, and then okay, if you're doing that, take magical footwear, right? Like I feel like the biscuits were really good when you were like playing in a bad matchup and you were stuck in lane, couldn't recall, and you needed that extra sustain. You don't really have that anymore. So yeah. Uh what other builds were there? Oh yeah, bruiser Nico, I would literally just go this build again. Um yeah. Oh yeah, for support Nico, I've haven't been running it much this season, but like you know, Glacial is still always very good. I would just go this build if I was going Glacial. And um I've gone it a couple games. Usually if you play glacial, you want to be playing it with an ADC who um allins off of a route so that you can um route the enemy and they go all in. For instance, if the enem is like a Jin, someone a mobile, like if you it's an Ezreal just going to E out of the slow, but say they have a Jin. This is actually literally the game I ran it this season as versus a Jin. I have a Draven. I level I got the I went for an E flash on their ADC level. As soon as I hit level two, their ADC flashed it. Level three, I W4s. land the route on Jyn. He gets glacial, no flash. My Draven comes in, kills him by one auto because the enemy Jin cannot run out of it. So yeah. Um, pretty good. I've also with the Bruiser Nico build found this build to be kind of fun when going top lane. Um, if you're going to go this exact build with bruiser build, I'd probably switch up these a bit like maybe like this, right? Or like that or something. Um, but it can be fun into certain matchups top where it's like versus a melee champion who like finds the glacial slow really annoying. Um, for on hit for AP on hit, um, I would literally just go again this rune page, you could go transcendence for the scaling on your Nasher's tooth. Um, and secondary runes for Apon hit. I would actually go like these because this gives you the best like scaling version of it. Um, this is what I would go for Apon Hit. Apon hit. You're still playing for Q max into W max second into EAX last. You can even go Q into E and leave W at rank one until later, too, because you're not really getting crazy amount of attack speed. Um, so you still want your your your regular play style. And then for AD on hit, you're going either um press the attack or lethal tempo depending on matchups, right? If they're you want to do maximum DPS and in scale lethal tempo, but for most lanes, you want to bully them top lane, you can go PTA. Um, I like Triumph personally. I don't know. Again, look at Wo what he's going um elacrity and um again I don't know look at Wow, but this is the build that I would go if I was going AD on hit. Yeah, for AP on hit, I'd also go attack speed. I'd go attack speed rune for also like mid lane. Even for regular AP, it just helps you farm and stuff. So yeah, that's my build. Guess who's back? Back again. dog is back. Welcome, friends. Guess who's back? Guess who's back. Guess who's back. Guess who's back. Guess who's backa? Bam. So, it's been two years, guys. About two years. Where have I gone and what have I been doing? So, to start off, I am streaming again um and making videos and stuff again. I am not doing this stuff full-time anymore, just as a hobby. Um, it feels way better because I don't have to care. My stream's usually sitting at like 20 to like 35 viewers now. Where about when I quit, it was like about 200. And I have no care at all. Before when I was streaming, it was so stressful because you had to always care about if the viewer count went up or down. And then if you had slightly less viewers, you felt like not in as good of a mood and the stream quality would go down. when realistically when your numbers are not looking as good, you need to be putting out even better than when they are good because you know just like how things work. It was all stressful. It was hard. And I turned 30 years old and streaming, you know, was paying the bills while I was living in my mom's basement. But, you know, I want to have kids. I want to have a family. I want to have my own life. And I want to be able to support all of that. and doing content creation, although it was fun, something I love doing, and something I'm glad that after I quit, I didn't know if I was going to come back. And now that I've come back, I've been making TikToks and shorts and stuff and doing my streams, and the love has been so good. And it feels good to know that this is something I built that I'll have for the rest of my life. Um, a community of people online. And and even if League of Legends dies and I play a different game and my viewer numbers will go way down, I'll still have that core viewer base of people, whether it's 20, 30, 40 people will watch my content and be a part of that. Um, and it feels good to know that this is something I built. So, why did I quit? Like I said, I kind of said that I TLDDR I never write scripts for any of the videos I've ever made. I just freaking go out, push the start button, and just off the top of the dome. Uh if anyone watches um his name Henry Mack, HMAC off the top of the dome. He's a rapper. But anyways, um yeah, I kind of there was like an incident that happened where a lot of hate blew up online and I've been used to getting hate throughout being a content creator, but this one was such a large number it kind of broke my mental a bit and I just wanted to get away from that and just start focusing on my life. So since then I worked really hard. Um, I had a degree in computer science before I started streaming. For people who know, I'm not going to go in the full story on this video, but TLDDR, when I was in my last year of school, I went to Thailand. My driver fell asleep. Car crashes where like in the back of a truck with no seat belts. I wake up in a hospital. You know, I'm I'm going to die. My brain's bleeding multiple spots. Hospitalized for a month being pumped up with drugs. I want to do stuff in my life that I enjoy. Got a degree in computer science, but never really was that passionate about coding. went into content creation, something I was passionate about. My philosophy on that hasn't changed, but my goals in life are different than they were when I was younger, where it was like, I was going to die. Let's just have fun with my life to like, you know, I'm not going to die and I want to have a family. So, I got a I worked hard to relearn to code. It had been like 10 years since I got my degree and I hadn't really coded that whole time. I found a company that was doing stuff in the video game industry that I was passionate about and I made a game using their their proprietary software um as a prototype. I DM' the CEO. I got a job um as an intern there. I spent a year working my ass off as an intern to get promoted to a full-time software engineer. Skipped the junior level. Now I'm a software engineer. Hey, someone just subscribed to the to the YouTube. Make sure you guys subscribe and check out my streams. Um, it'd be nice to meet you guys again and say hello. So, yeah, I got promoted about three months ago to a full-time position from a junior. And finally, after all the money I saved up being an intern, I felt confident to move out of my parents' basement because if at some point, say I, god forbid, lost this job, you know, I wouldn't be screwed. I have money in the bank where I could like get another job. So, I finally, you know, this is my own apartment. my own place where everything in here is stuff that I pay for and that I own. I live downtown Toronto because I was a bit of an introvert. I didn't know I was going to come back to content creation and sitting going from interacting with hundreds to thousands of people a day to I'm alone in my room working from home. I have like one meeting a week, sometimes two, and other than that I'm just not really interacting with anyone. I have one friend that I'd play like Arams with after work sometimes, maybe once every other day for an hour. Other than that, I was just alone and I wasn't depressed. I don't really get depressed, but I was lonely. So, you know, I moved downtown Toronto to force myself to, you know, try and get out and meet people. I try to do stuff. Once a week, I go out to play Riftbound at the store. Having a lot of fun. You guys should try out Riftbound. It's pretty fun. And um yeah, I decided to start streaming a little bit after work here or there. And then I was having fun streaming and I was like, you know, let's stream more. And then it turned into like streaming every day. And then it turned into like there's this girl named Purple Pixie. You should check out Purple Pixie. Um maybe I'll put a little clip of Purple Pixie and her reaction to seeing me right here. >> Pause while it's playing. [screaming] >> Actually paused. >> Anyways, hopefully that's uh that's done. So I I went to her stream and she was her reaction was so cute. It made me want to not just stream again, but make content. And the reception to making my shorts has been amazing. I mean, my my short I put out two days ago is at 110,000 views, right? And so many people saying how they miss me and they want my content. So, yeah, that's where we are again. Um, the future of this channel, I've never been happy with my YouTube channel. Never. Um, I feel like on Twitch, I was never satisfied either with my personality on Twitch. I was just carried by the fact that I'm a good at talking and I was very educational and people would come to learn Nico. But it never felt like I was building a brand around my personality. And I felt like that also slips into the YouTube where it's just like uploading VODs for my stream where I'm like that into like my YouTube that are like that. It just I don't know. It's just not the content I want to release on here. Um, I'm releasing this guide because it feels like a good way to kick off maybe the algorithm a bit and because people want it, but what I really want to do is I want to find a way to like show my personality more. And I think I mesh better when I'm playing with other content creators. So, I kind of want to message content creators. One of the nice things about me is that I have lots of friends with lots of content creators after doing it for like six years. I want to start reaching out to content creators and making videos together where my personality can shine and maybe make better edited videos. I don't know. I just feel like I've been trapped in this ball where it was like being an educational content creator and I feel like I really hit the cap of that to be honest. I feel like there's only so far you can go where it's like you keep making educational content. And it's like people come to watch, they learn, and then it's like, "Okay, you're not that entertaining other than to teach me, and I've learned from you, so now I'm not going to watch anymore. I move on." And I had really good marketing. Like the fact that I had 200 viewers on my stream was like, "Yeah, I was marketing well. People would come." But the feel that that it was capped there and didn't keep getting bigger was because you need to play a personality when you're streaming. You need to be big Tonka T, right? Or something, right? And that's what I want to inspire to do. I've always wanted to do that, but I've always found it really hard to find this inner person that I want to bring out because I actually am a very um personality kind of guy. But yeah, I feel like there's just a cap to like educational content. And if League of Legends ever dies or I want to switch games, that's not going to transfer over. I want to build a community that enjoys watching me for like me. Not saying that you guys don't enjoy watching me for me, but you know what I'm saying. So, I'm still trying to figure out, but the direction I kind of go right now is find other content creators that I've had fun with in the past. They don't even have to be big ones to like boost the numbers of my channel or whatever. I don't care. Like, they can be like 10, 20 viewer freaking no view. No, they don't even have a YouTube of their own. It doesn't matter. I want to find other people that I can have fun with and then upload me having fun with that person rather than uploading like here's the new broken build and then it's like a clickbait video of me just playing like a build all game that like isn't even that broken but we need to clickbait it for views, right? I don't know. I don't really care. Again, the nice thing about coming back as not a full-time content creator, I don't care about views. I don't care about numbers. I care about putting out good fun content and if I don't get views for it, I don't care. When I was a job, it mattered. I needed to make money to pay my bills. I don't need this as a job to pay my bills. In fact, I can hire an editor to make my videos for me and take a net loss and just say it's a hobby that I put money into, right? Like, I go play Riftbound. I buy cards for money and it's a net loss. Like, this is a hobby for me now. I can just focus on having fun uploading the content I want. And yeah, so that was a bit of a yap. This will probably hurt the algorithm of the video. But for people who watched it to this point to help the algorithm of the video, you know what to do. Leave a like, comment, subscribe, come check out a stream. I've honestly to the bottom of my heart missed you guys a lot. Appreciate you guys a lot. And I hope we'll have a good year making content
