Title: HOW TO PLAY BRIAR! RANK 1 CHALLENGER BRIAR GUIDE!
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4z4KjvG_pA

Content:
How are we living, boys? This is your rank one challenger brier guide. I'm not going to lie, this information is so fresh, it should be a prince in Belair. This video would generally cover the most competitive information to get you into ranked ASAP and not running it down. I think it's very important for me to say that Brier can do so many different things. So, when you talk to the Brier community, you will find that a lot of people run different things. It is both a blessing and a curse, but it's easy to get lost in. So, I'm telling you that now so that you know it when you see it. Now, I'm going to talk to you a little bit about runes. Runes, this is by far the best page. It's not even close. And every single thing has a purpose. So right here, if you don't know what press attack does, it's hitting an enemy champion with three consecutive basic attack, deals a big burst of damage, and then gives you 8% damage amp until you leave combat with champions. So Brier applies that really easily with her spells. Her Q counts as an auto attack, and her W2 does. So if you don't know her spells, we'll get into that later. The deal of this is that this is a very easy rune to get maximum value out of no matter what game or build you play. Triumph is an awesome rune for fighting. It basically just gives you a bunch of health back when you get a takedown, so kill or assist, and gives you extra gold. In the legend spot, basically these are like scalingish runes. One is attack speed, one is ability haste, and then one is lif steal. Ability haste is best for Brier. She needs all three spells to function correctly, and legend haste just allows you to do that. An extra auto attack here and there. Really isn't as valuable as having your E. Again, we'll go over abilities later. Then you're left with a last choice of the bottom row where you want your damage. So this is 8% more to people that are low health. is 8% more to people who are high health and then you have this weird mix one where it's when you are lower health you get more damage and it's pretty cool overall last stand I like more for lane brier but this is more of a jungle guide so I would say go with kudigra every time make sure that you're lasting these kills now secondary runes get a little interesting this is the most consistent rune page that's what makes it really good climbing is all about consistency and this one allows you to do that so free boots what this allows you to do is one it just gives you better boots with 10 more movement speed and jungle buying items is very good completing full items. Um, on top of the fact that Brier's first item is her biggest power spike within a game. No matter what item you get first, her first item is the most important. So, this is 300 gold that you don't have to put somewhere else. Very, very useful. And then cosmic insight gives you summoner spell haste, so you get more flashes. Brier sometimes finds herself in weird spots. It is what it is. Extra flash is good. And then item haste works with certain builds that you play. For these specific shards, I will say just adaptive force is just attack damage. That's the best certain stat for her in this page because of the fact that she already gives herself so much attack speed that this is kind of overkill. When you do a bunch of small damage autos, it's not as useful as just some huge damage autos. And then flat health or scaling health is more preference. I will say flat health makes your jungle pet deal more damage. I don't know if you knew that, but your jungle pet scales and more flat health helps your earlier clears. So, this one's found a lot of value now and I suggested to you for sure. Now, if we wanted to talk about domination rune secondary, this is more of a burst damage, more of a a snowballing rune page. And I wouldn't blame you if you ran this because it does give you sudden impact. This one is a damage rune that after you use a dash, which Brier has two of at minimum, you get a burst of damage. And it's actually pretty noticeable within all of your combos. And then treasure hunter ends up giving you around like 450 gold in the game. So, when you think of free boots, it's like, well, that's 300, but I don't have to do anything. And it gives me 10 more movement speed. This is a conditional 450. kind of where you stand. Basically, domination rune is all about the snowball. Do you feel consistent in your early games? This could have a lot of value to you. Next up is sorcery. If you were going sorcery, you'd likely go something like this. You know, transcendence for a little bit more ability, haste or water walking for some movement speed, and adaptive force while in the river. These are okay, more conditional, less consistent value. So, I usually stay away from these. And then you have resolve. Resolve is actually like pretty good. You have heal and shield power you can take, or you can go overgrowth for more uh just flat up health. And then you have conditioning which can give you more tank stats. So this is actually very real in jungle. Um I will say it's just kind of meh. I prefer like the getting to the my first item and having more flashes over just being you know tankier at certain points of the game because if I flash and I kill someone very important then I feel like that's very valuable. Now press the attack we covered has a lot of initial burst and then helps you scale with a percent. Lethal tempo is like the evil twin brother in a way where this plays to get six auto attacks and then it ramps up into extra damage. So instead of putting your damage in the front, you put it in the back. Most people that usually like this like the longer fights which tend to happen in lower elos like diamond and under. But again, it is like more of a conditional value where you have to get six autos before it and some fights happen in really bursty chunks rather than long engagements. Overall, this is a very real page and I think you definitely could use it. So definitely give this a try if you're finding that you're running out of damage halfway through a team fight. Here's the third most competitive build and this one actually plays a little bit different than the standard bruiser than you've seen. This is lethality brier. This one you build like Kiana Zed, Talon, everyone like that. You hop in, deal your three auto attacks with a ton of damage. Hopefully one-shot that person pairing sudden impacts damage. Then you have your ward second tier rune. Uh this one, grizzly momentos is my favorite. It gives me more sweeper value or placing more wards. Six sense is like a technical option that you can go where it'll just show you one random ward, but I feel like often it gets wasted, which sucks. It definitely could do better with that. Uh you have treasure hunter, which just gives you money. This relentless hunter gives you movement speed, which you don't really need that much of given how much that you already have. And then you have ultimate hunter, which lets you kick alt more. Secondary runes are pretty simple. It's either cash back. Cash back gives you a lot of gold when you purchase many items, but you have to get to a point to buy those items. So in early game that you effectively have no rune in this slot, but it is really good late game insurance to make sure that you get full build, which as an assassin, you should be playing to get kills, get items, and then snowball. So this is actually very real. or you can just stick with magical footwear for the first item really quick and you don't have to waste money for boots. And then cosmic insight is like almost always the extra choice here. You can experiment with triple tonic. It gives you like a burst window with some of these elixirs. Basically, they give you random various u buffs. At level three, you can kill minions better. Level six, you get a good chunk of damage for a minute. And then level nine, you get an extra skill point. Does have a lot of value. Is very good, but I just think flashing more is a lot better for an assassin. Let me talk to you about builds real quick. So, this is mobile fire. I'm not sponsored or anything. I just use his website a lot because it's really good at streamlining information for you. If you check my YouTube catalog, I've tried like over 200 Brier builds. It's just something that I like to do. I think that Brier's very entertaining. I like trying new stuff. But because of that, there's often people saying, "Logan, you're so you play so many builds. I don't know what to do." And I'm like, "Hey, go to the mobile fire. I always keep best build, second best build always right here updated. It does not matter if it rainstorms or anything. This will always be updated. So to keep you from getting lost, I think you should definitely just throw this a check every week. See if anything changed. Not many things change unless a League of Legends patch goes live. So like if Titanic Hydra isn't changed on a patch, it's likely going to stay really good. Now Titanic Hydra is the best brier build, but in this video I'm actually going to play Bork by Cleaver for you. And I'm going to do that for a specific reason that a lot of new viewers will be watching this. Hello, how are you? They should start with Bork Cleaver. The average player is sub grand masters. Titanic Hydra becomes like a really good high elo item and Bourc slays in low elo. So for the sake of playing the game how your games will look like I'm going to play the second best build. And when you're ready to pick up Titanic Hydra and play the most competitive build when you feel like you've refined your jungling and your understanding of Brier and everything, then swap over and do what you can do at around masters. Now this isn't a beginner guide, but I'll give you some of the bread and butter of the decision-making that goes into playing this champion. So um obviously you can just W towards someone and then hop to them to Q, right? are with you. That is your jump to a target and start hitting now. But there is a more efficient damage option depending on how close you are. If I can just W close enough to this person and get an auto attack, I obviously want to reset my auto with Q. So sometimes you'll see me do a dash auto then Q. That's if I don't need to deal damage really fast. They're not like about to get to a turret or their team and so on. So I can greed an extra hit. Sometimes it is the difference of killing or not. And then sometimes you just need to send for a full WQ to start hitting to slow them down, right? Stunning them stops them from walking, slows them down from getting through their team. And depending on the situation, you might need to do that. Now, it is important to note that Brier's Q is 085 stun and charging up E is 1 second cast. So, you can't QE completely. They are always given the ability to walk out of it. Um, sometimes easier, sometimes harder depending on your E angle, but overall it is pretty consistent if you pair that with like another slow. So like, you know, if I get my bork slow right there, it does make it a little harder for them to get out of. That also works for like things like red buff or a team slow, something like that. So it's good to keep in mind. So sometimes you will see QE, sometimes you will see W auto Q, sometimes you'll see WQ, right? And those are like the main breadandbut things. One of the last like big things that you need to know is that when you ult someone, you get the improved frenzy. Now again, this spell right gives me frenzy forever towards this target no matter what until they die or I hit E. So it's important to know that you will be running semi linear, but there are like small things you can do to dodge spells because you know sometimes that big stun's going to come out. So you can always just W, right? And that'll actually activate snack attack. So you can keep this timer. Look at this square. Know that you can use W one and then W2 and it doesn't overwrite it. It doesn't mess it up or anything. And you can also word hop if you want and do some winging. Some of that is also uh pretty noticeably good. And then one of the last things is so the full charging of E, right, is um you know a big stun and it'll push enemies back. So let's show you one quick one. So fully charged. We'll push this back. If it hits a wall, it stuns. You don't have to fully charge it. You can do something like that. And that breath attack still actually applies an 80% slow for.5. So sometimes if I'm autoing someone and I don't want to stop, like I don't want to push them back. Sometimes I want them to stop walking just for a little bit to get one extra auto. This applies to early game a little bit. Sometimes you'll see me do a tap E. So, that is most those are the most like breadandbut basics I can give you. Um, it's really just a bunch of like small damage amps, but also just knowing what's on the other end. You know, when I when I hit R and I hit W, what actually happens? And if I can give that information to you now, save you some time. Uh, that's the point here. So, thank you. And let's get in the game. Now that we're in game, I'm going to try and give you my general game plan. I think this is something that a lot of people lack and just not like having an idea of what you want to accomplish can definitely like leave you feeling like you didn't learn something or that the game kind of just got away from you. The number one main thing that I try and do is I try and clear all my camps and then utilize the time between the camps to get a play, if that be a gank or a neutral objective. Now, ganks and neutrals can be approached in so many different uh ways depending on your champion and just how you like to uh you know, even like just get the job done, but um this just how I do it. So, you'll see me uh put a big priority on either, you know, well, one just just flat out farming my camp. So, I'm doing raptors. I have to do all my camps, do the crab, and then come back for my raptors and my kugs. And if I if I sway if I stray one even gank top lane after the crab, then I might lose my raptors. And that actually can be a huge compiling bad thing to happen to me. So when you do raptor start, you do have to be very aware um if you do stray away that you need to start recovering ASAP because you don't want enemy team obviously to get any advantage into you. Why would you ever give that? So, that's what you're going to see early game is just uh efficient clearing. And you need to really prioritize learning your full clear. You should never do your full clear slow just because you're unwilling to go into practice tool because if you're 1 second late to getting to top lane to stop your Riven from losing to Aurelia and then that Aurelia dropping 30 kills on your head, uh you don't want to be late for no reason, right? So, for that reason, uh, I like to practice it a ton and make sure I can clear my camps very, very efficiently. That's what I do. And I do have a full clear guide for anyone that's trying to get a little bit better about that part. But either way, again, you're just seeing me clear camps and clear camps and clear camps right now. Now, before you go to this crab, it's pretty good to uh look for pryo. Pryo can be this like really annoying thing sometimes where you know I might not be able to go to this crab if Scarnner would walk to me first. Now I assume in this position that Kenan would be happier to walk. Uh so how Ivvern works is Ivvern can't steal your camp if you're dealing damage to it. He needs to stand next to it and like channel his thing. So he just walked over here, did nothing. Uh we take the the crab and we're good. Now, one cool thing that I'm actually trying to do right now. Oh my god, he kind of just got he kind of got a little rolled there, but he recovered it super well. I'm going to ping ASAP. I always think you should be pinging enemy jungler. Never let anything like this happen for free. Um, we could then look for a bot gank here or we can look for our own camps. I think I'm going to look for my own camps because it looks like their Annie might walk to me here. Um, maybe if I was on ward. They do want to look for a gank because Ivvern's there. But again, you have to be disciplined with your uh with your clear. If I take the gank, that's essentially saying like, "Hey, you guys will carry this game." Um, you know, if it's at the cost of my own resource. So, because of that, I'm just going to believe in myself to carry this game. Take my camp. Now, we are good. Now, you can see my next camp is my wolves. And not trying to have this be too much of a like how to clear guide, but this is just what you have to keep in mind when you play Brier and Bruisers. They need to function from even or ahead. And so if you're not those, uh, the game gets very tough and it does not feel good. Oh my god, my recall just went through. That sucks, bro. So sorry, my boy. Craigy lives, though. And he's the goat of all time. Good [ __ ] Okay. So, now we're in the same position right here where we have been clearing. And you see that there's like some pressure that's actually being applied. But unless it's pressure that I can do something about, I'm I'm really not like too happy to try and do something with it. So, I actually can look right here. This is wave is pushing back to us. So, he actually doesn't need to fight this. And I can continue to gain an advantage over Ivvern like this. So, again, we're going to show some discipline here. And again, I think it's very important for your consistency that like you only walk to plays that you're you think or know that you would like get something positive out of um in more times than not. So now I have 48 seconds until my raptors are up. So that means I have that much time to to clear or to gank. Life is good or or do a neutral if that's what I plan to do. You have all of these options now. And you can see that you're instantly rewarded because well would you look at that? There's no trade here. there's nothing for Ivvern to do to make my game unplayable in this spot. So, because of that, um, yeah, life is good. Feel free to spend another 20 seconds on that play. So, now again, I have I have 18 seconds here. I'm going to try and utilize that to gank to gank mid lane. Going to take this scrier away. Don't leave them anything. Uh, we don't really know where why she's going this way. I'm going to try and sneak level six on my experience bar by standing next to that minion before it dies. So then I will actually send my ultimate by getting that level up. We hit Aurelia. So we're going to play the stun here. Good. Good. I don't think we need to hit the blast cone. They're likely going to get dragon. That part's going to suck a little bit unless they already left it. Um but we're still going to play for this fight. I'm going to take a lot of damage. I might even die here, but it'll be a worth trade. Um even if I do die, it looks like I won't have to. And there we go. Nice. Would you look at that? And again, right, when you think about how this game has already started to look good, it's because I don't get baited into just following what my team thinks. Okay, I am the jungler. They are the midlaners. Okay, they are the AD carries. They are the whatevers. I know more about what will cause my game some issues. And those issues will likely be, oh, I took this gank and because I took this gank, now I lost this camp. and then he got level seven and then he turned it into this thing. Um, that's not what we want to happen. Now, unfortunately, I wasn't able to uh get the dragon. That does suck, but I was able to get us, you know, four kills or take part in four kills. Um, and how that trickles downwards, you know, maybe it meant that Aelia killed an enemy there. It doesn't really matter to me. Um, like, you know, trying to get too much like quantifiable value there. I'm going to try and help him. Okay, let's leave. Uh I wanted to try and go about there to try and get my Blade of the Rone King, but uh it seems like Ivor might even be walking there, too. So, just going to head on out. Um now, one thing I do, I'm very greedy. Okay, so I need 1,200 monies to get this Blade of the Rune King on my next recall. But I just bought two ruby crystals. Why did I do that? Now, that's more advanced. I don't think you should always do this, but my guess is that before I recall again, I'll have that much money to get bor. And because I wouldn't have bor regardless, I would only have vampceptor. I'm going to buy two ruby crystals because they're going to build into my next item. So, you can see kind of how I'm looking at it is that like, you know, if I don't have work this recall anyway, um, you know, then I would likely want the stats from the next item and so on and so forth. I feel like Ivvern's just hitting these unfortunately. I'm just going to have to run and take the fight against him. I'm actually going to ultimate him here since uh Daisy's about to knock me up and then we're pretty good. Get the kill on him there. Then we're actually just going to take this straight to the grab annulars. Nice. My Kenan wants me to just take a gank and we one shot, but I think we're actually wasting too much time. So, I'm just going to despite we likely do kill um Scarnner here. If I take too long on Scarnner, then I'm going to lose my opportunity to get to get the kill on these grubs because I will come back. So, because of that, I have to just uh kind of follow my own judgment here and go for the neutral. Bang. And you can see like my cannon's low health with ultimate. Like we very much so could do that, but you have to think of what happens after that, which likely would be something pretty bad. Oh yeah, here it is. The kill. And now Ivvern might trade my botside camps for this, but I'm actually kind of okay with that. Ryer's auto pathing to Scarnner in that state was pretty weird, but I might put him into the wall. I could try. Uhhuh. That's okay. To be fair, Kenan could have stepped up there and we could have gotten that kill. The reality is that we don't actually need it. Him getting those minions under the turret might give him a recall and that could be very good. Um, can he ward? No, I wasn't able to communicate with him fast enough. I don't dislike him recalling. I just You can actually ward while recalling. I just have a hunch that Iron's going to walk botsside. At least he didn't walk to my camps, I guess, yet because he's definitely going to my uh uh my kugs here. So, what Ivvern does, he marks a camp, he can uh smite it to instantly proc it. Otherwise, he has to wait a like a little bit of downtime. And that's what we didn't want to happen. Like, we didn't want to lose that just to gank top, but we did. And now you can see kind of the mistake. Now, again, I like all my camps to be dead or as many as I possibly can have dead before I go for dragon. So, you see that dragon's up in 40 seconds. Um, so you know exactly what I'm doing right now, right? I was going to clear all of them and um and and just do my thing, but now, you know, he took the krug, so I just changed direction a little bit, keep moving. And that is the essence of how I play Brier is that, you know, I I keep myself very farmed up, so I'm always very strong, but on top of just being flatout strong myself. Um, you know, I look for ganks to help my team, but it's only when it is actually good. It either, you know, it can be good through wave state, there's cool downs, enemy team just being too far up. You know, it can show itself in many different ways. But now you see right, look at the farm here. We're, you know, nine CS a minute. We have the grubs and and they got first dragon, but now we're getting second drake. Life is good. So yeah, this is where I'm at to carry games. Um, stay on the farm, trainman. Stay on the farm. So now we get this neutral. Life is good. Now you have 30 seconds till your red buff, right? But you also do want that crab. So that you're doing something in the meantime. Aelia is taking another gank. So like we could just gank this Anivvia, I guess right now. You got to think that enemy team is staring at me uh to some degree off that. I'm fine. It's going to chunk. It's fine though. I'm not too worried about it. Uh they're looking to kill here. Ivvern might go for the crab. I'm going to look for a counter alt on that one. Nice. Now I can defend the crab. Boom. You're gone. >> And that's the coolest part about Brier is that right there where like I can kind of mess up a little bit or sometimes I can get forced to do a job that I don't want to do, but I can make it work because I ultimate to the exact pinpoint location of an enemy, kill that enemy, and then I'm back to the grind, right? So, oh, I needed to be at that crab, but I also want to be botsside. That's cool. Pick up the midwave. ult to the noob, kill him, and then get the grab. And then you're back to farming. And now you can see, right, there's no neutral on this map. Uh I'm back to full clearing. And then once this full clear is done, I'm going to look for uh you know, plays with my team. And that's where Blade of the Rune King actually does a ton of good stuff where uh Blade of the Rune King kills camps very very very very fast. So makes your clearing pretty pretty sweet. Again, you can queue to like blast cones and scriers and even minions and allied champions. Like you can do all of that. So, um, you know, it's just a, you know, these one% improvements to make the game a little bit more, uh, you know, cool, badass, I don't know. And you can see now, right, how much time do I have before I have to do something? I have a minute and 20 seconds. I could take a recall. I could go fight right now. I can do all of these things. So, I'm going to look for an invade now. Looks like this Scarnner is trying to uh stop our Kenan. He is likely getting his red and then he is going to smite it. I doubt he's still in here, but I could check it with W. If he was in there, then Bri would have ran to him. Looks like he got these camps. Now he's leaving to go to his bot side. He marked this one but didn't have smite cuz he likely smited the uh red buff. So, we can take this one. Now he's on his wolves. I have 40 seconds to the next big thing. So, I'm going to take my recall now, right? Like until 30 seconds are up uh for my blue buff. I can recall with no loss. It's not like Iron's doing anything either. Always worth take TP. And now I'm back on the map and I have 20 seconds until. So now let's go for a gank on this guy. Well, so Kennon's actually going to go for that wave. I'm going to gank this Scarnner and just kill him myself, I think. Oh, he drove through the wall down here, so I might not be able to catch him. That's okay. We actually am we're denying him a wave in doing this, so life is good. Aelia took another bot walk, so I don't really know what's going on. I I hope Tristana just swaps now. That way we can stop losing that. Technically, you know, I lost a wave mid to go to top lane, but I made him lose the wave. So, uh, it's kind of even. But what it did do is it let me kill my blue buff, so I have more ability haste for this play. Um, they are all three there. We need our Braum badly. We might have to, you know, back against the wall, shoot an ultimate here because we're down a player on the cannon. So, we have to go for the Ivvern here. We have to flash past his Q because we don't want to lose that. Bleed should kill this guy. I'm likely dead. I'm not going to lie to you guys, but I'm going to try my best to juice. Nice. Now, if Tristan lives, that's two for two. Now, trades favor the team that's behind. Uh, undeniably true. But you won't have a game that doesn't have some, you know, some trades that go the opposite direction. It actually worked out for us. We got four for two. So that was just, you know, it ended up being good. But yeah, you you won't just always be able to have a game without trades. It is what it is. Sometimes you got to cook up like, you know, one way that you can see it is that I didn't have to ult. I could have just let them have the Rift Herald, but the opportunity to, you know, not have to lose the Rift Herald and give us a winning play um was the route that I decided to go with that and I don't regret it. You know, C for this game. There's certain games where you have to do that. Me hitting these wolves is not that good. Um because again, you don't want like neutral objective trades. So, our preference were were to have been kill the Rift Herald so that they we could have um you know, dragon without a trade. But we actually just saw Ivvern, so we know that Ivvern isn't on dragon right now. So, we can do this and then we can go right to drag. If they were to be rushing it right now and my team is like able to fight for it, then I would just be playing it with them. Back eye hit didn't count. That's okay. We're actually seeing Ivvern again, so life is good. So, we're going to grab this. Now, again, look at your top side, right? There is nothing on my top side to trade. So, I'm going to go to dragon. My Kenan will be their trade. He is uh he's limiting a little bit. He's one and five. Uh my team, unless Ezreal ult just gets that dragon. Where is this at? Oh my god. Nice. I do want this crab since there's nothing else to really do, but I don't want to walk past my kugs for no reason. And again, this this match has turned into Anarchy. A lot more games will have a like more confirmed play where, you know, people aren't sending it as much. But, uh, you know, some games are like this. And it's okay to like kind of, you know, figure out what these games look like a little bit because um, you know, you will have some crazy matches, especially when you play Brier. Brier makes the game like go into anarchy really fast because she just she loves the fight, man. She really does. So, Q auto E there again. Just auto spacing um between everything I do. I have 24 seconds to my second camp. So before I go to my red buff, I'm going to take the recall since there's enough time for me to recall and take the TP, get the red, and then go to wolves. Again, you actually should at this point prioritize like when your team's ahead and we're starting to press into their side of the map. You should actually care more about getting their camps than your own. So right here's where we stop farming. And maybe it could have been even a few frames before this. Um, their camp's worth double, right? money. They don't get money. I do get. So, um, we see them sending four people top lane, so we want to trade their bot side here. If there were more turrets, like a tier one or a tier two, then we would likely be Rift Heralding it, but uh, there just isn't this time. >> Ivvern's sitting there looking for a play, I guess. Uh, they're starting to make their big move onto that. So Ivvern's now going to start walking to here. Unfortunate death. Not really necessary, but it's what happened. I'm going to try and burst through that. We at least get exhaust cool down. Um, so that's not too bad. Has to be warded with the way that they played. So now we've taken Ivvern's camps. Now let's take Ivvern's camps again. He's going to look to smite this one. So he's trying to mark it and then smite. So we have to use ultimate to deny him that camp. And again, if you want to start taking the game away from people, you got to start you got to figure out when you don't need to farm your own camps as much and you need to just go to theirs. Because if you play like this where you prioritize their camps, what will end up happening is if if you're ever in a position where you can't take their camps in a game where you should be able to, like, you know, two two of your teammates die, then your default play becomes do your camps. So, if you do your camps, then go for their camps, what will end up happening is that, you know, if you do all your camps and then, oh man, I can't I can't go to their camps, my teammates died. Well, then you're left with nothing to do and then you're going to get antsy and you're going to send it and you're going to die. So, you got to I've made that mistake more times in games you've queued up. Okay? I trust me on that one. Yeah. So the the Brier basic game plan is again I I keep myself very fed very well fed, right? And then I uh look for very consistent plays. I'm not trying to over send um for something. I'm always thinking of what will happen in response to me looking for something. And throughout all of that um you know everything starts basically landing where it should. Nice. spend all my money before this dragon. But yeah, this, you know, this current match ended up just being a stomp. Like we're I don't know, man. We're all winning for cannon, I guess. But um I mean that that's the consistency that we talk about. I try and not have a lot of variance in my play. I don't I don't like to just like, hey, I'm going to take a level two gank and then I'm going to do one camp, take a level three gank, then I'm going to clear as many camps as as as I just feel like. I try and have the same game plan going into every single match. And then I just figure out the different avenues from that. Like, oh, if they if they invaded here, then I would do this, and if they do that, then I would have done that. And, uh, that's how I build consistency in my climb is just by doing stuff like this. Um, and as you can see, man, it definitely pans out and works really well. I mean, I got most farm in the game. I'm more than 10 CS a minute with 13 KP and almost every neutral. So, uh, clearly this stuff works. And again, this this game was a this game was like the lowest ELO that high elo can really look like, which is awesome. Um, but reality is that you just, you know, here are the tools, right? The tools are farm, then I look for ganks, and I look for neutrals, and I'm always thinking of what enemy jungler is going to do in the free time, like or rather, you know, to counter it. And that's just it, man. And this is currently my highest ranked jungle account because I've been doing the uh midlane challenge. Um, and this stuff works every time. Man, it felt illegal for me to not show you guys this play. So, this is one of the videos that I made previously. And basically what I do here is try and open I'm trying to open your mind to the cooler things about Brier. Again, just going forward and killing people is very cool. But let's talk about the thought process. So, I have in this game full cleared. Got my crab full cleared again. And now I'm doing dragon. Okay. And you can see that this dragon will always give you level six if you had double full clear. And I think that their jungler is topside. So what do I do? I actually just shoot my ultimate. And this is just a hawk shot where basically if you know depending on the pathing, if my top side camps are up, if the enemy jungler's botside camps are up, if he's invading my top side, then I need the info to know to go to his bot side so I don't lose camps. I can at least trade them. So in this circumstance, I just shoot al over both of them. Briar does give vision. You can see that. And because of that, now I have the information that okay, uh I thought he was topside. He's not. So the likelihood of being bot is higher. So now I can ping off my bot lane and then I can take my top side camps and then life ends up pretty good. And that's something that does have a lot of value in Brier. And I will say, you know, like this specific Hogot ultimate, it's something I do I do it often enough to put it in this video. Um, so for all my zoning ult users, this one's for you. Thank you so much for watching the video. Have a good one. Peace.
