Title: Xayah is the Best Designed ADC in League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBToCx8OgN4

Content:
As most of you already know, I am terrible at AD carries. However, Zia is an AD carry with a get out of jail free card, an ultargetable and sets up CC with her feathers to get her out of any danger. That means even a terrible AD carry player like myself can probably do well with her, right? So, for the next 10 hours, I'm going to try to learn Zia in three steps. First, normal games. Second, do some research. And third, play some ranked games. I'm doing this because I'm trying to learn every champion so one day I can make the greatest VGO video ever. So, what runes and build should you go on Zia? Well, the most common runes on Zia are either Lethal Tempo or Conqueror. I personally liked Lethal Tempo because it makes your attacks feel more fluid, but conquer is a little bit more flexible. For your build, you have two main options. An Essence Reaver build so you never run out of mana, and a Yunl wild arrow build, so you just do a little bit more damage. Honestly, both builds are pretty much the same. game. The only difference is what item you build first. You either start Essence Reaver or start Yunl, then build Navori, Flicker Blades, Infinity Edge, a Last Whisper item, and then finally a defensive item like Blood Thirstster or Guardian Angel. And with that, onto some normal games. But before that, really quick, I want to talk about today's sponsor, Surf SharkVPN. Believe it or not, even though I work pretty much exclusively online, I have never really used a VPN before. So, when I started using Surf SharkVPN, I realized I had been missing out on a lot. They have so many ways of keeping you secure. I mean, they have an antivirus. They have an alert in case any of your information has leaked. And obviously, they have the VPN itself. But the most important part of me is the fact that you can connect to and stream shows from other countries, like the United Kingdom, for example. I don't know about you all, but my fiance loves the Love Island US and more importantly, the Love Island UK series, which let's be honest, I'm also a fan of. Just when they say, "I've got a text. It's it's awesome." And you see, normally if I were to watch in the US, I'd have to wait two weeks until I can see the UK season, which means I miss all of the internet drama. But if I just click on the United Kingdom, now I can watch and miss nothing. And that's not all. It has over 100 different countries that you can connect to, and I'm still just scratching the surface of what Surf Shark can do. So, what are you waiting for? Use the link in the description below, or use the code ecore lol at checkout to get four extra months of Surf SharkVPN. It's honestly a really good value for its price. Hope you enjoy. The start of my Zia journey was a bit of a weird one. Immediately going against a weird duo bot lane of Allistar and Cho'Gath that I just did not know how to deal with. After that death, my Braum got frustrated and just kind of refused to help me for a little while. And then the flame started to roll in. Luckily, we did eventually work through our differences, but the damage was already done. My confidence was shattered and I was quickly remembering why AD carry was my least favorite role in the game. To be fair though, I had improved a lot on AD carry since my 100 hours of AD carry video. So, if I could just focus and remember how to play with my supports, this might be a fun challenge. Sadly, I continued to struggle in my next game. The dynamic of just having four people in lane was not something I was used to, especially when I felt like my supports were always standing behind me. I also kind of forgot AD carries aren't supposed to roam early. It's not like mid lane a Collei or a support Nautilus. No, AD carries are supposed to stay in lane and farm for most of the early game. But needless to say, AD carry was starting to get the best of me. Like, why is this the second time in a row my support just permanently stands behind me. I'm literally doing everything I can to stand behind this guy and he just keeps walking behind me. The worst part is we actually won this fight. If Swain just stood in front of me the whole time, I would not have even died. At the time, I was just so blinded by my supports that I wasn't even considering my own misplays. And because I was so tilted, I was making a lot of them. I fucked that up. No, that was me entirely. And a funny thing happened when I swallowed my ego and started to play with my support. Instead of forcing them to play with me, I started winning. But even though I was starting to play better and was more of a team player, I still had a few issues I needed to work on before I could play rank. One, I was playing so aggressive. I'd see these sick Zia outplays with her feathers and just assume I could do them right away when usually I just end up dying. Two, I was not keeping track of my feathers at all. Like here, I flashed forward thinking I'd somehow kill Smolder just to realize that none of my feathers even hit him. Three, my ult makes me feel way too safe. Like I said earlier, it's kind of a get out of jail free card, but that doesn't mean I can just randomly take fights and expect to win, especially if I'm already super far behind. And four, Zia's attack range is super short, like one of the shortest in the entire game. This means that there were situations and fights where I would walk way closer than expected to auto attack and I'd die because of it. Meanwhile, my main AD carry, Jinx, would have been able to attack from much further away with her Q, and I probably would have killed everybody here. Despite pretty much everything I just said, I was super excited to learn the ins and outs of Zia's kit because of all her outplay potential. I just needed to get used to her range and limits first. Because right now, I was kind of just throwing myself at the enemy team, hoping I'd somehow outplay them without really having any clue of how to outplay them. And to my surprise, these next few hours were some of the best I've ever felt playing AD carry. From early ganks to one of the best supports I have ever played with, this guy had no fear. Maybe it's just my aggressive play style, but when I see a support flash into the enemy team to engage a fight, I just want to give that support a slap on the ass. Not in a weird way, like an athletic way in sports. Sheesh, why do you guys got to make everything so weird? Anyway, with a support who was on the exact same page as me, things started going well. Like really well. I was starting to gain confidence with every fight, which helped me keep track of my feathers and play better mechanically. And when I got my first Racon support, that's when things really started to click. Things are going so well. I was surprised actually. Oh, I actually killed him. But you know what? This may be a hot take, but I honestly was a little disappointed with the Zia and Recon duo. And I'm not just saying this because he got three kills in this fight and I got freaking zero. In fact, I was kind of happy for him during this fight and he killed a fucking Sona, too. You're the best. No, no. Despite all the unique combos and synergies, there was just something that felt like it was missing a lot of the time. Like, his engage was good, but for some reason, it felt a little awkward, and he had decent healing and shielding, but it wasn't enough to keep me alive sometimes. I'm so dead. Don't get me wrong, the combo was good. I was just expecting a little bit more from one of the most iconic duos in League of Legends. That's all. Small nitpick aside though, I was getting better with every minute. I was getting more used to her short range, and I was definitely more comfortable using her feathers. I will admit, my laning phase still had a few issues. No way. I'm just going to back in this bush, right? Fuck. But even then, with every auto attack thrown, I was locking in more and more. Positioning myself so my feathers would one-shot Samira, and then using my ult so I didn't die to Zoe. My damage was just nuts after one item and I was starting to onev2 fight sometimes. Then the rest of my team would see my damage and go, "Oh shit, our Z is massive." And then we'd just win the fight as a team. Z was starting to feel so smooth and I was entering a flow state. My feathers just tore through everything and everyone that stood in my way. With this final laning phase, I knew I was ready for ranked and I had definitely learned a lot from my early mistakes. I still played slightly aggressive, but I knew my limits much better. I was way more used to a range. My feather usage had improved significantly, and I was way more relaxed when it came to team fights and using my alult. My mindset had finally become more calm during fights, and I finally remembered how to play AD carry again, even if I didn't get many, you know, kills this game. After these games, I realized Zia is so fun. So, I did some research on YouTube, and here's what I found. One, you don't always need three feathers to use your E. Sometimes it's worth it to just press Q and instantly press your E for poke, even if it's just two feathers. Honestly, throughout this whole challenge, I tunnneled so hard on getting snares with my E instead of just focusing on the damage that it could deal. Two, always keep track of your feathers. Sometimes the enemy will forget about them in lane, and you're able to change your positioning slightly to hit them with a lot of burst damage when they're not expecting it. Three, go into the practice tool and practice your three- feather combo. And there are two main ways of doing this. You can press W, auto attack, and then use Q and E together for a fast three feather combo. Or you can press Q, auto attack, and then press E. This combo is a little bit slower, but it saves you one extra move, so it's a little bit more flexible. Four, use minions to set up feathers. Sometimes the enemy will be outside of your auto attack range, but if you hit a minion, the feather will fly past them, so you can potentially combo them with your E, even if the opponent feels safe. Five, Zia is kind of a better counterpick into teams with a lot of melee champions or a lot of burst because of her ult and feathers. She can genuinely counter any engage with her ult and then snare all of the enemies with their E if they push up too far. And six, your E flash combo can lead to some nasty outplays. Sometimes it's just for style points, but sometimes it's actually a really useful way to turn around a fight. And with that, onto some ranked games. After these tips, I felt on top of the world. My fighting was cleaner. I was more in sync with my supports, and I really thought I was playing quite well. But that's when I realized my biggest issue with Zia, and to be honest, AD carry in general, relying on an engage or tanky support. Even though I played this particular fight darn near perfectly. I mean, look at this amazing E setup at the start of the fight and my E snaring both Nyla and Senna. I mean, that was just chef's kiss. But you see, with engaged supports, it's just so much easier to lane. If my support goes in, I go in, which is extra important on Zia because it helps me know when to set up my feathers. But there's a problem. A problem I wasn't going to be able to avoid much longer. Ranged supports. All of a sudden, I was clueless in lane again. And I realized that for the first 5 hours of this challenge, almost every support was tanky or engaged. It was way harder to set up feathers when my support had a longer range than me, especially because Zia is one of the shortest range AD carries in the entire game. And then a bad early game would lead to me being frustrated midame where I just didn't know what to do anymore. Things didn't get much better with my next range supports either. My positioning was all messed up and I didn't have a tank to peel for me if I was in danger. I just felt so completely alone during these games. Obviously, I know Enchanter and Poke supports have their strength. I just couldn't figure out how to play with them as Zia. Back when I played Kog'ma and Jinx, it was way easier because my range was longer and my champion was a little less aggressive in the early game. And to be fair, not every issue is with the support. Sometimes I just get 1v4 tower dove because, well, I'm an AD carry. Let's be honest, >> there's nothing I can do. The one saving grace at this point was I had improved a lot at Zia mechanically, able to completely take over fights with my feathers, even if I was down in golden levels, but then I'd get paired with another range support and I'd start having the same issues all over again. Luckily for me, this game my support was way better and actually poked the enemy. So when they did engage, they were so low they couldn't do anything. To be fair, this guy kind of played like a tank, too. tanking a tower shot or two, setting up a dive on the enemy Kai'Sa. More like a Nautilus than a Zerass. Fucking love this guy, by the way. You know what? Maybe my other supports just weren't very good because this guy was landing every ability and making it impossible for them to play the game. I want him to have my children. Jokes aside, after playing with the Zerth, I understood what I needed to do with a range support. Basically, play patient and let them poke instead of constantly trying to fight. I mean, just look how low the enemy was before they even started this last fight. Sure, it still sucked getting ganked because he didn't have many tools to help me escape. But at least I understood how to lane with a range support now and I kind of wanted to play with more. Goodness, my next game had a tank support though because man, it fits my play style so much better. I mean, this guy had CC for me. He tanked damage for me. And I know it's unique to just Thresh, but he also had a lantern to get me out of dangerous situations. It just fills me with so much confidence when I see two tanky boys standing in front of me, you know? I mean, the enemy has to go through Jax and Thresh just to get to me. I'm chilling. Like, watch this fight. Thresh literally blocks off the entire choke point by himself. Tanks almost all of their burst damage. Fucking lives by flashing over the wall just to land a hook and go back in to set up kills for his team. Okay, he may have died at the end here, but he died a hero. But this was nothing compared to the most fitting, maybe even destined final few hours I've ever had during one of these challenges. I like to call these last few hours the era of Rakon, where I had a Racon as my support in every game. I love this person's name, Scadoo. Well, except for one game, but I'll save the best one for last. Anyway, the era of Rakon was truly magical. I may not have loved the duo at the start of this challenge, but now that I was a Zia one trick, my thoughts had completely changed, especially since we were starting to win more fights. I'm not sure what it is, but Zia and Rakon seem to have this sort of connection that make them work super well together or something. Oh, right. They're both furry. Anyway, his engage that I originally thought was awkward was way better than I remembered. I think my issue early on was his engage is so fast. But now that I was better with Zia mechanically, I could set up my three feather combo and follow up way quicker. And it's not like I needed Rakan. Zia is totally fine and strong on her own. Thank you very much. Yeah, put that ping away, Rakon. But even though Zia could be fine on her own, the combination of Zia and Rakon just felt unstoppable. And if by some miracle the enemy team killed my beloved recon, I would just enter a love-filled rage where I killed everyone on the enemy team. Then when I saw my darling revive and run to be with me again. I'd enter another murderous frenzy, this time in my excitement. When I play with Rakans, things just feel so natural. I don't feel pressured to go in like with the Nautilus. And if I am in danger, Rakon has enough healing and shielding to save me. Honestly, this stretch of games would have been a great way to end the challenge. I played well. I had several recon supports and genuinely had a lot of fun. But I'd be lying to myself and to you if I didn't talk about the one little insyweensy tiny 60-minute game that almost broke me. A game with a Teemo support. This game had everything. My Teemo support sitting invisible under tower while I fought for my freaking life. getting camped and dying because I wasn't paying attention. Fucking hell, man. Then getting tilted, which caused me to overstay for gold when I definitely should have just regulled. And on top of that, I couldn't figure out if my Teemo support was ining or just as tilted as I was. I mean, this motherfucker had 21 deaths this game. I just wanted it to be over. Sho or Shako, I don't know, followed me all over the map, killing me over and over and over again. But just when everything was at its darkest, when I thought it was time to give up and throw in the towel, we made an incredible last stand in our base, saving the game and giving us some muchneeded gold. All of a sudden, I knew this game was wable, and I locked in, even getting some revenge kills on the enemy Shico, who killed me so many times this game. Let's Let's just watch that one back real quick. Yeah, that one felt good. Anyway, I realized since the game had been going on for like 45 minutes at this point, I was actually full build now. So even though my score looked terrible, I was really strong. And before I knew it, everything came down to the final fight. They had Dragon Soul and Baron, but we had Elder Dragon in the bettermental. That's when the enemy Shico through the entire game trying to kill our Lein. Just goes to show that every game is winnable. Even when things look terrible, you just got to keep your head down, farm, and lock the heck in when it matters most. Zia definitely took a while to get the hang of, but man, she was so much fun. Holy. Oh yeah, don't forget to use the link down below to download Surf SharkVPN today. Oh yeah, I stream most days on Twitch, so feel free to give me a follow. And don't forget to like, comment, and subscribe here because it helps me out a ton.
