Title: The Definitive Aphelios Guide | 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSQSVKvGyq4

Content:
This is Ailios at full power. Everything is just disgusting. What the [ __ ] I owe you. [Music] [Music] is your faith. Yo, I'm Hallow. I've got over 1,500,000 mastery on Aphilios. I've hit monsters with just Ailios. And today, I'm giving you the only Aphilios guide you'll ever need. [Music] [Music] For simplicity, we're going to refer to each gun by its color. Crescendum is white, severe is red, etc. Gun rotation is actually relatively simple if you follow these three steps. First, get rid of red. Second, always get rid of the oldest gun in your inventory. And finally, keep white in between red and green in the gun order. Let's go through an example. As always, we start with green and red. So, let's follow rule one and get rid of red. Now, we follow rule two and get rid of the oldest gun in our inventory, which is green. Now, we just continue following rule two until we get to red white. This is where we have to consider rule three. To get white in between red and green in our gun order, we have to ignore rule two and burn red even though white is the older gun. This is the only deviation in rule two. So, don't worry. After we get white in between green and red, we can just go back to following rule two like normal. If your gun rotation is messed up, just make sure you follow rule three and put white in between green and red, and then it'll fix itself. If you guys want me to go over other variants that more experienced Ailios players may use, I can do that in a later video. [Music] Aphilios's gun swap animation takes approximately 0.25 seconds. This is about how long it takes for Talon to one-shot you. You have been slain. If you want to maximize your damage output when fights are close, you need to learn to cancel animations in three main ways. First is by auto attacking. This method is more difficult the less attack speed you have, but effectively you just need to time your swap with your auto attack. So just W and then auto attack as fast as you can right after. Now let's look at the effects of good animation cancelling. We can also just cast our ultimate while we're swapping guns to replace the gun swapping animation with the ultimate animation. This is really important for when you want to catch your opponents off guard with the next gun you have in order as they can only see the indicators for your current two guns. So, we can hide what ultimate we're going to use and we can also max our DPS. The Q ability of Aphilios does act as an auto attack reset. So if you want to maximize your damage, you need to weave in autos in between your Q's and alts. [Music] [Music] [Music] Now, this chapter is going to be a long one, but I'm effectively just going to go over every single gun combo that you should get if you followed the gun rotation I just went over. I'm going to focus more on lost stick gun combos, which is basically just when one of your guns has less than 10 ammo and then you switch to the next one and do a combo with that. We start with red green, which doesn't have much synergy. All you need to know is that level two, this is a very bursty combo if you can layer your cues. Calibram is the only Aphilios gun where you can flash after you've queued to change the direction of your queue. This last tick combo is great for setting up a free route and using that route, you can then land an easy caliber Q. You need to be aware of this last tick combo in lane if you're trying to help your support or jungle get a free engage or if you just want to chunk them out a little bit. If you can hit your Q and your alt, you also get two guaranteed auto attacks, allowing you to get long-range snipes like this one. For this combo, make sure that you consume your Q mark before your alt marks, otherwise they might cancel. This last stick combo isn't too strong, but all you need to know is that if you're consuming a caliber mark, you hit with whatever your off-hand weapon is. So, we can swap to gravitum here if we want to hit with Infernum instead. Blue purple is a really strong combo for AoE and wave clear. You can blue Q and then swap in purple Q to root several enemies or take out the entire minion wave really quickly. This is also the combo you see in all of the Riot 200 years Ailio's compilation videos, so take notes if you want to hit clips. Keep in mind that Blue Q's range is slightly longer than your auto attack range, so this could save you from using flash when chasing a 1 HP kill. Now, this is what I call the kill combo. It's probably the most important last tick combo in the laning phase. When you have less than 10 ammo on blue and red is next, you cue the minion wave to get as many chalk rims as possible. Then immediately red Q to stack even more chalk rooms and use the movement speed to get up close and personal to the enemy bot lane, starting the fight with around 10 chakra typically. This combo almost always gets me a kill in the early game, so make sure you tell your support in jungle and get them ready for the fight. Now, red, white's probably one of the most famous combos in the game with the Felios. There's the saying, red, white, don't fight. Basically, you just want to use red Q to stack chalk rooms before the fight starts and then use those chalk rooms to outdps your opponent at melee range. Also, little tip, you can place down white turret to block threshs or pike hooks. Now, this is what I call the objective rush combo. So, when you have red on its last tick, you want to rede the objective or scuttle crab, just anything in the area where you can stack chalks off of it. And then you're just going to place white Q and use those marks to basically melt the objective in record time. Keep in mind that when your turret dies, you need to green Q the objective to keep your chalk stacks. So if you're looking to rush the objective or if you guys just have control over the objective, you want to make sure that you're getting this last hit combo ready right before any big objective spawn. So keep that in mind with your gun rotation during the game. You can use this combo to do Baron from outside of the pit as well. However, you will need someone in there tanking or aggroing it so that it doesn't heal. Also, this gun combo is one of the best for just holding vision and objective control. So, you want to place turrets in bushes like this leading up to any objectives, and you can basically kill anybody that face checks them. This last combo allows you to route whoever walks into your turret, and then you can land a nice caliber Q or alt or even both. Now, this is one of the strongest general gun combos for late game team fighting and survivability. You have the AoE from Infernum and the healing from Sever. The great thing about this combo is that if you blue Q a stack minion wave or raptors, you apply Sem's healing passive to each target hit, effectively healing your whole HP bar. Another important tip, especially if you have a high attack speed, is that you don't want to do a last tick swap on two guns in a single fight. You don't want to have 10 ammo or less on two guns at the same time as usually this will waste too much time during a team fight. Unless you have perfect play, you're going to waste too much time swapping. And in the late game, it can take just a second to decide a team fight. [Music] [Music] These are the runes I generally go. PTA is the strongest for laning, but if you're in a really hard lane, you can go fleet for more sustain, movement speed, and scaling. Generally, I just go PTA regardless. Absorb Life is the best for sustain here, but if you're in a situation where your team looks really weak, and you can tell you're just going to 1v9 damage wise, you can go triumph. I do this occasionally, but absorb life is typically better. These runes stay the same. You can swap out sorcery for inspiration just because of cosmic insight if you're in a game where you really think you need your flash. You can go boots or biscuit secondary, but cosmic insight is very good onios. For the rest, I usually keep it the same, but for health sometimes I change it to the um higher base one in the early game if you're against a lane bully like Draven or Caitlyn or something. But yeah, other than that, I keep the rest of it the same. In terms of your build, you typically want to lean towards either collector or yontal first. I almost always just go collector here because I think it's easier to play ailios as a lethality adbased caster these days rather than just going full attack speed with yall. Yunal is a good item if you just want to scale and do front to backs and need the attack speed. But 90% of your games you're just going to be going collector. [Music] you start collector. Always go Berserker's Greaves of course. And now I second is necessary. You have to go this otherwise you just don't hit hard enough in the mid game. Now this is where um there's a lot of personal uh decisions here. I really like just going um Phantom Dancer here even though a lot of people don't just to make up for the lack of attack speed if I go collector IE. But of course you can go runons as well. And I think this is just a nice cheap zeal item for you to get early. And I usually do this only if I'm ahead. Now, if you're behind, of course, you're going to go some sort of um uh armor penetration items. So, mortal reminder if they've got a lot of healing and LDR if you just need straight damage. So, yeah. For third, you either go one of the armor pen items or one of the zeal items. After that, uh it's really up to you depending on the game. So, typically I'll get these four items first. But if I was in a game where I just needed to do a lot of damage and they had a lot of burst, I could go um you know, LDR and shield bow for example. This is also fine. All that's really important is that you get IE second some sort of armor penetration. And the other two items can really be um customized. It's not that important. Depends on the game you're in. But um yeah, I mean if they're if they have a lot of spellcasters like Lux or Morana, for example, you could also prioritize a zeal item for movement speed, there's plenty of options you can go here. But let's say I just do my um my default build, Bon Dancer LDR. Now, for your last item, again, I do really like going bloodthirst. I just feel like it gives you so much more survivability and healing. But of course you can also go GA or um sometimes if you need you can go material scitar for QSS. [Music] All right, so here is the tier list I just made for all of the ADC matchups in this season. I can go more into depth in a follow-up video explaining every choice I made, but for now, the general consensus is that if they have some form of bursting you down before you can kill them or blocking auto attacks, it's a really hard matchup for us, especially if they are a lane bully like Draven or Caitlyn. And if they take a while to scale and they're not too strong in lane, then it's usually Ailio's favorite. Aphilios is so versatile. He's kind of in a role where he's better in lane than the scalers, but worse than the lane bullies. He's kind of in the middle. There's a lot of matchups that are skill matchups, but generally speaking, it's almost always winnable unless it's Nyla or Twitch. Twitch is fine in lane, but if you don't have exhaust or a good support to CC him as soon as he appears out of nowhere, especially in Loila, where you don't have great vision control, you're going to die before you can kill him. It's a similar thing with Nyla. If she blocks your first few auto attacks in a 1 v one or skirmish, you can't really survive her burst in time. Of course though, if your team plays around you and doesn't get one-shot, it's always winnable. But this tier list is more focused on the actual one-on-one or skirmish focused uh engagement against these champions as Ailios. [Music] Now, here's a support tier list I've made mostly based on my experience with these champions historically rather than the current meta. But the general consensus is that enchanters or supports that can give you a lot of shielding, healing, peeling, and especially mobility like Thresh, Tom Kench, Millio, Ranata. These are the best supports for Aphilios. The champs that are mostly damage focused or heavy on roaming are horrible for Aphilios in lane. Honestly, as Aphilios, you just have enough damage for the team. You just need someone to peel you and prevent the enemy from capitalizing on your squishy HP bar and lack of mobility. So, champs like Bard, these are horrible with Ailio. Same with Brand, same with Pike. But all of the champions here in S and A tier are really great for laning and team fights with Ailios. [Music] [Music] Now, in terms of team comp synergy, Aphilios is a champion that although he has all sorts of versatility with AoE, DPS, healing, range, etc. The one thing he lacks is mobility. So, if you're going against an enemy team with a lot of dive and mobility that can get on top of you easily, it's really hard for you. If the team locks in champions like Kane, Camille, Talon, etc., it's just not a good day for us. It's still winnable, but the worst thing is when they lock in champions you can't auto attack. So champs like Jax, Nyla, Akali, etc. Aphilios is just too squishy to wait out their dodge or shroud abilities, so we can't survive their burst in time. Ideally, a good team for Aphilios has a lot of tanks and not too much AD, as you already have enough AD yourself. Ideally, you'd have some sort of enchanter or peeling support and some sort of AP mid laner, maybe with an or tanky CC jungle as well. [Music] This season, Aphilios isn't really that much of an auto attacker. He's more of a coster. So, as a result, we max Q for attack damage, then we max E for lethality, and lastly, we max W for attack speed, as it's just not as important anymore. Aphilios's laning has changed quite a lot over the years, but these days, he's pretty strong early game. Statistically, most Ailios players do end up down in golden lane, so I'll touch on how to play when you're ahead and when you're behind. If you're winning lane hard, maybe even getting a kill or two, you want to prioritize building more damage. So aim for a derk and boots back or a pickaxe for example. The goal is to snowball by building collector as soon as possible and getting more kills on our champ. Now if you're losing lane or you're against a boring uninteractive lane with no real gameplay, the best thing to do is to rush boots or a cult and play to sustain and eventually outscale the enemy champion. The general thought process of an Aphilios main in lane should be something like this as you go through the guns. Level one, you play to poke with Calibram and heal off the wave with Se. Level two, you look for a bursty trade with red Q into Caliber Q, getting two autos off from range. When you have the last tick combo from red to purple, you land a route with red Q and then follow up with green Q again, landing a big trade. Then you play safe at range or look to set up a double route for your jungler to gank and play respectfully until you get the kill combo. Once we have the kill combo, as long as we don't get engaged on first or CCD, we will almost always win the 2v2. So, please don't play afraid. [Music] As an Aphilios main, I'm used to high pressure situations in the late game. What took me from goal to masters in one season was following these five rules in the late game. Firstly, pay attention to important enemy cooldowns and stand out of vision or at least behind teammates until their cooldowns are all blown. Secondly, never overchase or follow enemies into areas without vision. Thirdly, sometimes it's better to use alt and only hit one than to die with alt ready while waiting for the perfect angle. Fourth, always prioritize flash and its cool down. If there's no objective up, sometimes it's better to die in the fight 2 minutes before the objective than to use flash and only get one extra kill, then end up having no flash for the important elder fight. And finally, always keep midway pushed in so you can play around vision for objectives and let them come into you. As well as following these general rules, we also have to prioritize and rotate to the correct guns depending on the fight. in order. The strongest guns in the late game are Infernum, Crescendum, Severum, Calibram, and then Gravitum. Of course, all these guns have their different uses, but typically you will need to have some combination of Infernum or Crescendum alongside another gun if you want ideal damage output in the late game team fight. This varies a lot based on the team comp. For example, if the enemy is extremely tanky, you may prioritize Crescendum more. If the enemy is squishy, you might need Infernum to try and oneshot them. If the enemies are poke heavy, you might need Sever the most for healing and movement speed, etc. It all varies depending on the game. It's your responsibility to be aware of what gun you will need for each upcoming fight and to rotate your guns accordingly. Also, a big mistake that I see a lot of Aphilio's players doing before a big objective or team fight like Elder, Baron, Dragon Soul, if you have extra money in your inventory, it is worth it to just buy an elixir for 500 gold. You should spend your money and be as strong as possible. You now know more about Aphilios than 99% of players. If you have any questions I didn't answer in this video, please leave a comment. I will respond very quickly. I have no life. Let me know if there's any videos you guys want to see. Thanks for watching. Like and subscribe. [Music]
