Title: WASD MOVEMENT GAMEPLAY GUIDE - League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hvh0vUW0NPI

Content:
WD movement is finally on the PB and this is going to be very interesting. So you can activate it from the settings and it has a couple of things you can toggle. You can have the new camera mode that moves in the direction you are moving the mouse to near the edge of the screen and move with WD. You also have this new scout ahead toggle mode that lets you look even further in the direction of the mouse while you're holding that key. Default is middle mouse button for this and then goes back to you when you stop holding it down. There are multiple options for how Flash works too based on movement or cursor. You can also just enable WD movement, but not the camera, so you can move with the keys, but look around with the mouse if you want to. This feels quite different. It also sucks testing it with lag, but I'm sure it will be better than with the mouse on some champions at least. Though, it might take some getting used to if you want to play like this, and any lag will make it feel odd. There are some rules, though. Certain champions are forced to auto attack after casting specific abilities, even while holding down a movement key. Cancelling an auto attack with some abilities forces the champion to follow the auto attack command after using the ability. Champion auto attacks override movement inputs when walking towards a wall. And champion is forced to follow the sequence while an ability is being cast. I showed you how to turn it on and also you shouldn't play VGO because of course he's bugged with this. Don't change your classic controls while WSD movement is active. And if you do, restart your defaults. go back to classic and then back to WSD. Mendler said that to balance this out if it becomes too strong on some champions, they can make it so that if you hold down a movement and are attacking constantly, your swing timer is a bit delayed or animations are not cancelled at the earliest possible frame or they can nerf attack speed if you're constantly holding down your keys. Either way, this is a very strange addition to the game. It won't be available in ranked right away. So, we'll see how this plays out. But let me know what you think about this. And if you're going to use it, leave a like or I will nerf your attack speed. And thanks for watching.
