Title: Why Zyra hard counters most enchanter supports | Tips & Tricks, Runes, Items, Build
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3BYtIeWMXw

Content:
The last change to Zyra were buffs in 25.16 where her E and were buffed. After the buffs, Zyra feels like she's in one of the strongest states that she has been in a while. I picked her in this draft because the enemy bot lane was smolder Nami. Zyra is a very big counter to most enchanters because they can never trade well into her and because she is one of the best champions that builds healing reduction due to Leandre's and Oblivion Orb. These are the runes that I ran. I think this is actually the most optimal setup with QW Emacs. I know most support Zyrus go Emacs, but I promise you playing around spamming your plants is 10 times better. The visual rank of this account is plat 3, but I'm in a diamond average lobby. Yo, what's up guys? Shust here. We're doing Ezreal Zyra into Smoulder Nami. So, this matchup is um definitely Zyra favored, but I get outskilled very easily. Um, so I need to like hard win lane. It It shouldn't really be an issue, >> but um, as soon as I fall behind, that's when things get really bad. Okay, I know this is warded because Nami just hit me in the bush. >> Let the AD carry last at that. We're going to get level two here. >> I'm going to start walking up. Nice. Okay, that was huge. That was huge. Even before um I hit level two, I was just walking up because that way Nami can't win out on a trade. So, we get level two here. Um I'm looking at the map. I see that Jax is on Oh, Jax is invading. I'm actually going to walk up here. I'm going to shove this as fast as I can and then I'm going to go help. >> I left three minions. Uh, Ezreal should be fine, but I'm first move here. Oh my god, you [ __ ] up here. I hit that cuz I know I hit that because of comment. >> This guy is level two. Okay, nice, nice, nice, nice, nice. Um, I think I should have just pushed this wave in. I was just afraid that he was going to take it before. So, I just pushed in the three minions and then I rotated so that Ezra would be okay. Ouch. Okay, so Jax's pretty he's 0 and2 right now. Uh, yeah, that invade was like horrendous. Got Nami. Nami's running bone plating, which is actually really bad in this lane. Um, it doesn't really make sense to go boom pling against Ezreal Zyra because I can just poke her out really easily. I might be dead here. >> Okay. >> Wow. Uh, this wave is going to slow push into us, so I don't need to shove it. Um, I played that really bad by getting bubbled there, but Ezreal clutched it out. Also, I couldn't ignite cuz I had to like flash out early, but it's all good. Walking mid. This this wave is going to bounce back to us, so we're fine. Kane is clearing his bot side. I can't really look to gank here. I mean, I'm here, but like >> I'm going to help shove this. Jax is top. I'm going to walk back bot. So, I actually bought a control ward here because we're up two kills and we're most likely just going to uh have a lot of pryo here. I know this is warded the way Namu was moving. Start a plant. Make it so she can't walk up. I don't want to put my control down here yet because this is a big wave. It's going to bounce back. They're going to have pryo for >> Oh, I could have dodged that. They're going to have pryo for this wave and then for the rest, we should just be um >> just permanently pushing them in. So, once we get the wave going, that's when I'll put down the control ward in the uh bush in the river. put out a Q there. I should be playing the bushes. >> Slowly walking up. Damn, I landed E. Couldn't hit the Q. All right, that's fine. I think Jacks could actually be bought here. Grab this. I'm going to just check with my plants, the bushes. This should This is something you should be doing as Zyra a lot of the times. Um, just using your Q or your plants to check bushes like that. So, we know that there's a control ward. I am just getting hit by all of these. Yeah, this is a little scary. I want to clear this control ward in the bush, but we got to push this in once. I need I need Ezreal to walk with me. But ideally after we push this in, we can go through this. >> See, this is the problem with buying control wards as an enchanter when put the plants over to harass. Um, yeah, this is the problem with buying control wards. If when you don't have when you don't have pryo, the enemy can just push in the wave and then go clear it. But in the case where you do have pryo, enemy can never go walk up and clear this. So I'm just going to use my plant again. See if Jax is there. Put my ward down. I have 800 gold. We can dragon is going for invade. I'm just watching the map right now. Should have dodge that. Nami went back. So in this case, there's two things I can there's three things I can do. Can play for play. I can go dragon. I can go gank. I don't think there's really a gank angle mid. So yeah, we're just going to play for plates. Nami definitely. Yeah. Okay. Nami Nami's back now. could have queued that earlier. >> Could be a kill. Okay, we're not. [snorts] Uh, Ezreal was not hitting the right person. I'm going to reset. This sucks. wanted to close this way before we left, but cannot. I can go walk here. I'm going to get your two shoes here. I'm waiting for this crystal. >> Oh, hit the plant. Oh, still look for this. Yeah, I like I think rushing sword shoes on Zyra is like so good. Like the flat magic pen. Okay, he's not on this. And now I couldn't clear that. Sad. Flat magic pen is just one of the best stats for Zyra. And then the movement speed also helps her because she's very immobile. We got one grub. Just going to do my rounds here and sweep. There's a big wave bop, but I should be okay. Putting that down there. Emo still fine. Going to hop over. Take this. Oops. My W was like in one second. Get this. No problem. >> Okay, let's control W it again. Can't really clear this right now. Let's go to the bushes. Wow, that was a horrendous combo, but it's fine. >> I'm just getting hit by everything. >> No assist. Okay, that sequence of combos was so bad. Um, >> my E, the direction I hit my E made no sense either. I needed to just wait for Similar to get out of his uh his his little flight thing. So close. >> Jax is here. >> I don't want to burn flash, but I might have to. Okay, Nami got shut down. I landed Q there. He actually Ezreal doesn't have to die. But little sloppy uh Zyra gameplay for me, but it's his first game of the day, so I'm uh warming up. That's my excuse. But we're we're chilling, I think. Like even though that was really scuffed, we're still up 41. So, I'm just going to walk straight bot here. Um I don't think there's an angle mid. Usually with Vlad, it's like really hard to make plays since uh not a lot of kill setup. Honestly, he has like no utility. Clearing the wards. Um see Teemo Jax Nami on the map. Just going to pan camera. See what's happening. >> Wow. So close. >> Nice. >> Nice. Nice. Nice. Okay. Thumbs up. Thumbs up all around. Fist bump. Yeah, I mean, uh, Smoldder had no items. Ezra had a whole triforce. Kind of scared we're going to get ganked. So, I need to ward this. I think we might be able to get this. Would be very huge. I'm going to grab this and go. Nami's going uh Moonstone Rush, I think. >> Not a fan. >> Let's be a little careful here. Wait until >> Dude, that really sucks. It's 15 HP. Can't stay here. Just going to plant this. Maybe Kane can come. Just going to ward. >> Okay, nice. Another control ward. This is like I don't want to use my control ward here. This is so bad. How many uh How many control wards this Nami has bought? Spawn like four. Cleared like all of them. >> Your team has destroyed a turret. >> I want to push this last one and then just recall. Yeah. So what? That's four gold. 75 300 gold on control wards. Wait, what? What is warded here? Oh, okay. Do we want to take this? Low key. It's kind of greedy. Yeah, this is like uh one of the biggest problems a lot of supports kind of do. Just over buying control WS, I think. I mean, I bought one. I'm usually very conservative when it comes to control WS in the laning phase. And I'll only buy it if we have a lot of control. And like you just saw, I was control wording this. I had a lot of value for it, but Nami kept control wording try and we just kept clearing it. So don't make that same mistake. Okay, that guy exploded. Jax is a freak. Oh, he's an OTP Kane. And then our jungler took Kane away. That makes sense. I'm going to go help this. To be honest, I'm not going to uh control word the pit cuz like even though they see us taking it, they can't really do anything about it. So, I don't want to waste it. They're on kugs. I don't have sweeper. I could control ward this once you this. So, control warding this bush is you need to have a lot of control to defend this and their tier 2 mid is down. So, I think we can it'll we'll get a lot of value. And once you start shutting down this quadrant of the enemy jungle, like the enemy just loses so much. Probably didn't need to there. Taking control of this area in 17 minutes is like insane. It's so hard. The game is like pretty much over if your team like actually is good because you're essentially just locking out the jungler into one quadrant of farming farming, right? Where they can only farm their blue side. And like I don't know how Thumbs up. What the [ __ ] Jax is behind us. Did I hit? I did. Did I hit that? I have no idea. Yeah, at this point they're just like giving up. Yeah, I don't even know what happened mid either. This flat is 10 and0. It's just a stomp. Okay, but this is really important. This game is a stomp. It doesn't really matter what I build cuz we're going to win either way. But buying an oblivion orb after Leandre's I I talk about this in my like other Zyra videos, but this is like the most value combination because the Leandre has damage over time, right? So after damaging abilities burns enemies for 2% max health for 3 seconds. So your abilities do 3 seconds of burn and then you combo that with the Oblivion orb, which is you apply Grievous for three another 3 seconds. you every ability you do basically gives 6% or sorry 6 seconds of healing reduction. It's uh it's what makes Yeah, I have a feeling it's like all shoomed up. It's what makes um mages like one of the best anti-healing. Can I hit this? Oh, so close. Even if I don't hit, I can still just qw >> and I just do a lot of damage. I actually think like there a lot of Zyra's max E, but I think I think Q max into W max just makes the most sense cuz like I didn't even hit I didn't even hit her with an ability and she's like down 400 HP and I can just like perma spam this port over sieging bot >> look. So basically like one auto from a plant triggers my Zazax, my comet, my Leandre, my healing reduction. Also, Scorch if it's up. >> Your team has destroyed an >> just like it's it's I'm basically just like my plants are just a vessel for like my items and like I don't even need to hit my abilities. They just >> Bro, there's so many shrooms here. They just uh >> Yeah, like when you just constantly trigger all your items. >> Got him. >> You just do a lot of damage. And like the range is so ridiculous on Zyra. A lot of people don't know this, but a lot of people don't know this, but like so Zyra's Q has a lighter rectangle and a darker rectangle in the middle. And like basically the What am I building? go. I'll go this. Usually, you want to save a space for a control word over component, but it's fine. Zyra's inner rectangle is the hit box of the queue and then the outer rectangle is how far you can go to spawn your plants. So, essentially, you could have a plant very far from the actual hitbox and it's very generous and it'll still spawn. So, like >> Oh, I didn't hit that. You can when you Q, you want to W like further because the W range is actually further than the Q. So, you can actually go a lot further. Obviously, you want to hit um your Q whenever you can. But if you want to just harass, we should go top here now from like a safe distance like non-committal, just poke, you can just throw down Q, W like that. Pretty sure this is warded. >> I need uh more sweepers. Okay, >> we just siege top here since we have uh top mid inhib. Throw the ward. Ideally, we want Baron, but this game is so like accelerated that Baron's not up for 2 minutes. Dodge that soon as you hear the uh smolder ultip out. Holy Think >> I can snipe this. I got it. Is that kill though? Nope. I'm going to spawn a plant. So it um we have one more tower hit. Surprised Nami didn't die there. And one really OP thing you can do is you can put your plants on top of Teemo shrooms so it just triggers it. Just like this. Ouch. Okay. Teemo is waiting somewhere here and he has a ward here. So I know he's going to like try to snipe me. Oh, he's behind. >> I thought he was like stealth somewhere here, but he just looped around. >> It's fine. It's fine. Baron's up in 20. We didn't get inhib. Inhib is 1 HP. Riize 1350. Your team has destroyed an >> Okay, so we have our we got their top inhib, but our bot and mid inhib are spawning in 20 seconds. We just get Baron and then we go siege the uh inhib >> and then we just win the game. This is like honestly games like these kind of suck because it's just like you're just you're just like the game is over and you just need to like close it out but >> it's it's so like dragged on. Ouch. Jax died. Grab this and go. All right, let's go for end here. Everyone is pinging. Everyone wants to get out of this game. It's just so like blleh. I'm going to sweep. It's probably Team Mushrooms like going to miss my plant here. >> Your team has destroyed an inhibitor. >> Nice one for the E flash there. >> All right. GG's. That was uh another Zyra game. I always love playing Zyra. I think Zyra's just Ouch. I think Zyra is always fun to play.
