Title: THIS XAYAH BUILD IS OP | How to Play Xayah | League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vI_xueocNwg

Content:
What's up, guys? I'm the low here, and today we are going to play full damage Zaya on the mid lane with a new build idea that I figured out and wanted to try and share with you. So, we are going to play with Hextech Optics rushing Habris first, which grants a lot of attack damage and lethality with potential for even more AD on champion takedowns. This combined with Gathering Storm full build and other buffs should give Zaya over 500 attack damage up to even 700 very late in the game thanks to Gathering Storm. And Zaya has pretty decent AD scaling on abilities, so I think it's going to be worth it. So, I will mostly focus on items granting attack damage over attack speed. But the great thing is that we are not going to lack attack speed anyway because Berserker's Greaves with an upgrade on the mid lane grants 40% attack speed instead of 25. And I'm also using an Aery and Lethal Tempo in runes. Plus Zaya's W grants attack speed as well, so it all makes sense while still having 100% crit chance anyway. As for Hextech Optics, this will increase the damage by 10%, especially on feathers. And on takedowns, it gives extra range, which really helps Zaya, especially when her Lethal Tempo is stacked. You can tell me in the comments what do you think about this idea. And if you want more Zaya videos, you can let me know by liking the video. And let's see how it goes. I hope you going to enjoy this. I think Zaya mid has potential. Still having Lethal Tempo to stack feathers faster. Yeah, and I just let him push a bit cuz I know his engage is strong and he just wants me to overextend. And like this, I can just poke from time to time and see how it is. Then I follow up with the Q. And I can auto through minions. I pay attention to feathers on the ground. There is Talon in the jungle. And you can poke like this. The moment you just Q, you instantly E cuz that's the only time it's still behind an enemy. He has ignite and Archangel. Okay. Not even a conqueror. Not an easy matchup. Really easy to overextend. His engage is deadly. Look how cautious he is. Never mind. He actually wasn't that cautious. Okay, now E. Too bad he didn't just poke himself into these minions. I could poke him more. I just see my own minions HP and I know when he goes in. I was hoping he would stay in that range. Okay, so of course in order to root, you need to have three feathers. Best is to Q and auto cuz after the Q applying two feathers, you don't just land an extra feather because after using an ability your next auto attacks apply feathers. E max. Okay, nice. Calculated. Yes. All planned. Yeah, you saw that? Like I just waited with barrier cuz I was like instead of panicking, I found potential to actually outplay Talon. I'm so glad it worked out. Let's play with Habris first. I know that Zaya depends on Datasam Weaver, but it's going to be fine. I'm not wasting mana that much. You might need to struggle with mana if you spam W. But only at certain times on the lane you should be using W when you know the fight is going to be for longer, so you can freely make use of that value. That wouldn't be too obvious. I doubt what his E is. Still it's Silas. I've got the upper hand now. Yes, satisfied. Even if you do not land your Q at first with the right angle the situation changes and you just do an auto with the E. Now it's wise to wait till I get my auto bat. Q max second would make sense with lethality build. But like let's just go for W. And they don't see Zaya mid, so they don't know what to expect. There is Talon. Okay. Flash. All right. So, I used my auto bat aggressively setting up for the E. Let's do this for the clear. Rengar is fine. MW for this plate. I press W when attacking the turret for attack speed. Stacking [snorts] and the E for full value. Oh, that nice AD from Habris is really worth getting this item first. Now I've got potential to get more attack damage. Also, you might wonder why am I doing fine without Essence Weaver, but look, I have Presence of Mind that helps except for not spamming abilities. Right, he's owning him. That glitched Rengar's jump. And there you go. Now even if he does the E, he cannot match my attack damage. Oh, Zyra. Ah, so close. Zyra nearly fell for it. Would be a double. And 100 CS. Well, oh, Talon. My turn. Who is the assassin now? Although I could have pressed my ult like 1 second faster to avoid some damage. But okay. We're also getting pretty nice boots upgrade. So I go for attack speed. That also offers extra life steal. And next we getting Hextech mix. For extra range. Oh, our Vayne is 05. Oh, they lane swapped. Makes sense. Got to be careful. Like I could 1 V 1 Smolder, but if I get caught some poke. Talon is coming. Hey, want to alt. Come on, Rengar. What? Master tier Rengar doing this? Can't believe it. But like if he alted in the first place just like that when Zyra had he he could have avoided that. Maybe if I have made the bait like if they would just waste abilities at me and I would just alt myself. That'll be better. Yeah, remember not to fight Zyra's plants are so ranged. Only melee champions destroy these plants easily. Oh, easy root. Could not reach. They lane swapped so early. I had fun with this Silas. I've got nice three levels advantage over Smolder. But still he has the range advantage. Hope I did it. What, you're going to the mid lane? I have a feeling she will just get outplayed. Yeah, see that? Can they just get off my mid lane? Yeah, that's better. Oh. Like I didn't know Nami would just finish him off. You stack feathers first and then you E for more damage. So let's take more plates when they're dead. They're coming back. Just enough gold for this item. Infinity Edge next play. What is Vayne doing? Surprised they actually went top. So I can push more. Yeah, worth. This is only have to stay on the lane more. It's way easier to punish someone else's roaming. It's not like you're getting the highest value from just going this item second. Nice. Really worth it. Maybe a triple. I know they're coming. I love when they get baited for my ally. In that scenario where my allies survive. Such free kills. And back to mid lane. Back for more. Red buff will do. Watch out not to press W so early like I did because I was so sure I was already in range, but they actually created some distance. Like this ult grants you movement speed if you attack at least once. So wait with W till you get in range. I was hoping he would just jump in. Try again. Just like that. If I got an auto range. Okay, one. I've got that extra range now. They've got dragon. And Smolder survived. I need to farm for my power spike. Someone has to lift me. Nearly. Why do you play an ADC mid lane? And your Reddit a bit different like mainly because of the level difference. I have those stats less dependent on support. Anybody want to join the dark side? Now? Eh, I tried. Okay, 300 gold left. I'm only bad on the outside. And the inside. >> Gathering storm grants extra AD too. Okay, three mid. Enemy killing spree. They're taking this mid. Star Guardians. What a scam. Your turret has been destroyed. I take bot. And they stopped pushing. So, because of that they didn't get the mid lane turret, the second one. I have got some plates. Where is Rakan anyway? What do you mean trying to save me? Huge power spike now. Your team has destroyed a turret. Good is subjective. Evil is cool. >> I bet they're going to underestimate the damage. See? No more. I hope it doesn't follow me. I feel so free. Still no kill. What has friendship ever done for anybody? Free turret. An enemy has destroyed a turret. Hey. Hey, surprise. I still have feathers. An enemy has been slain. An ally has been slain. You know I don't leave survivors. It's okay, Nami. Just the QE. Blessed be. Why are you bothering with the First Star? Whatever. An ally has been slain. Where is he? Well, already long gone. Free dragon. Who's the center of a little glorious insurrection? Aha. Okay. Love conquers nothing and everything owns. A kill is a kill, okay. All right. All this starlight is blinding to the evil eye. Let's go. Why is it so bright out here? He's keeping his E. Oh, wait. No bot. I knew it. That's why I pressed my ultimate already. I am prepared. Oh, I'm dead. So, usually it would be pretty nice to get this. I'm just going for more damage. Shield bow makes a lot of sense with the team. An enemy has been slain. Let me know if you're going to try Zyra mid yourself. With the First Star gone, chaos will reign. Yes. Come on, Nami. Nice life still thanks to boots. I don't even have bloodline. Psych. Gross. We should do Baron. Why is she fighting? Going somewhere? She actually survived this. An enemy. Okay. Enforcing order on a chaotic universe was never going to work. The First Star lied. Ace. You see this icon like showing you feathers on the ground, the amount of feathers. You wait and then you can see. Oh, this seems nice. Dreams are only real until you wake up. An ally has been slain. 47 stacks. Who needs armor when you've got a cloak made from dark matter? Just dragon. Dragon soul. They think they're dead and awesome. We can do it quickly. Yes. Notice how I waited with my E to get better [clears throat] angle. Double kill. Ace. They got greedy for dragon. I loved being left to die on an abandoned monster planet. So, with full build and late game, with that win storm, I would have close to 700 AD, I think. All right, so I hope that you enjoyed this. You can like and subscribe. I also do coaching for Xayah and other champions. I can make you play better and climb rank faster. So, if you're interested, contact me on Discord in the video description. Check out my stream and my other channel as well. Thanks for watching and see you next time.
