Title: HOW to build Kai'sa in SEASON 2026 | Kai'sa Guide 26.1
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LbKmltzecQE

Content:
With season 26 coming out, this means it's time for a new Kai guide. Like always, we'll go through everything from the changes to the builds and finally the matchup tier list. Now, do keep in mind that the guide can change over time. So, if you don't want to miss out on any Kai'Sa related changes during the year, make sure to subscribe. All right, let's get started. Let's first go over what's new in 2026. I won't go over everything, but here is the important things you have to know. First, Atakan and Feast of Strength are being removed from the game and replaced by a new system called Roll Quest. It's pretty simple. Depending on the role you picked, so top lane, jungle, mid lane, bot lane, or support, you will get a quest that simply requires you to play the game. Farm minions, get kills, and get tower plates. When you complete the quest, you will have a unique reward depending on the role you picked. So, for bot lane, you're going to get 300 gold, more gold per minions, and champion kill. And finally, an extra item, which means that for build, you'll have six completed items plus your boots. And overall, it takes around 11 to 15 minutes to complete the quest depending on whether you won or lost the lane. Next up, 2026 has nine new items into the game. And three of them being Gumblade, Bolt, and Dusk are interesting for Kai'Sa, but we'll go over them in the build section. Finally, the last important change that you need to know is that the base crit damage will go up from 175 to 200% this season, which means that criter flame will do more damage anytime you crit by default. Now, there are even more changes, but overall the season 2026 will focus less on team fighting non-stop and more on spit pushing and playing around the map. All right, let's now go over the build guide. And let's start with the runes. This season, like in 2025, you have two main keystone option, lead to tempo or press the attack. LT scales better in the mid to late game, while PTA gives you a stronger early game. But since Kesa is a midame champion, it's overall more comfortable and safer to go for LT since PTA does want you to be more aggressive in the lane. Now for the rest of the runes, it's the same whether you go for PTA or alt. So you go for alti plus presence of mind plus bloodline and finally kudrass into squishies or cut down into tanks. As for your secondary, I recommend to go for boots plus tripotonic. But you can also go for cookies when you're playing into a difficult poke matchup like kit and locks where the extra sustain will help a lot. Next up items like in 2025 this season kaisa. As for play style, you can go for hybrid, ADON, hit, crit, and finally AP Kaisa. Let's start with hybrid. Now, since critcs are the one getting the most amount of changes in 2026, this season will look somewhat similar to 2025. This means that Kaisa most comfortable build this season is still Kraken seer plus raglade plus Nasher. The reason why it's so comfortable is because one, it gives you everything you need. Good burst damage, good DPS, and a comfortable build pass. And second, it's on paper a good build in most situations. This is why if you're new to Kai'Sa, this is by far the best build to learn the champion. Now, another option you have when you're behind in the lane or you have a really hard time farming is to go for static. It's a cheaper option that makes it easier to farm in lane that still gives you some good damage at one item, but will fall off in damage compared to Kraken Ser at two items after you buy Ragelade. So, only go for static when you are in a bad spot. And finally, the last option when you're facing a squishy enemy team and you have a nice lead is to go for Kraken Seer plus Welblade plus a new item called Dusk and Dawn. The way it works is really simple. Whenever you use an ability, your next auto attack will reapply the Kissa passive, allowing you to proc your passive way faster since in a normal burst combo with Nasher, you need one W and two auto attacks to proc Ka passive. Within Dawn, you only need one auto attack, which is the reason why this build feels great into squishies because of the faster and stronger burst damage. But this build does have two big issues. First is 20 gold more expensive compared to Nasher while also having not the best build pass. This is why if you're not at least slightly fed, Dusk and Don is a downgrade compared to Nasher at three items. And second, it does lack DPS. So if you're facing a tankier enemy team with tanks and bruisers, Nasher is a safer option to go for. All right, let's now go over item number four. And in 2026, you have a ton of options. First, we have ZAS. This is by far the best defensive option on Kai'Sa, making team fights and skirmishes way more comfortable, especially when you're playing into assassins or mages that like to one-shot you with one ability. But the biggest drawback of going for ZAS is that you do less damage compared to any other option. Next up, we have the total opposite with dead cap, which is the best damage option overall, but it's really expensive at 3.4k gold, which is why it's overall better to buy it as a fifth item. But if you're fed and you can afford it, then that cap is a good snowball option as a fourth item. Then we have Gumblade. This is basically the BT of hybrid. Hybrid Quesa has always lacked a sustain option that allows you to heal back up after getting poked or after a fight, so you don't have to go back to base all the time. Well, now you have one. Gumblade will give you a lot of healing while still doing some good damage. So, when you're facing a lot of Poked champions or champions like Teemo, for example, then Gumblade is a solid option. Next, we have Shadow Flame, which in my opinion is only good if you start facing out of a more in front and you need some penetration early on. And finally, there's Dusk and Dawn. If you're playing into squishies and you built Nasher third, then Dusk and Dawn is a solid option, giving you insane burst damage. But compared to ZAS, it doesn't give you any defensive option. So, it's easier to die to an assassin because you trade safety with zas for more damage with dusk. Now any of these items can also be built as your fifth or sixth item, but you can also build voice staff if you need penetration later on. Now I know this is a bit confusing with so many options, but if you want a simple build that is really comfortable in most games, then I recommend to go for seer plus rabel plus nasher plus zas plus dead cap and finally vo staff. Simple as that. All right, let's now go over AD on hit. But first, if you're wondering when to go for AD and when to go for a hybrid, it's really simple. The only time it's important for you to adapt your build is if your team is full AD, for example, and in this case, you need to build hybrid. And the same idea if your team is full AP. Now, outside of that one scenario, on paper, it's always nice to adapt your build depending if your team has more ADPS or APDPS like in this composition where it's better for me to go for AD. But in practice, you don't have to. If you don't like building hybrid, even if your team has only one AP DPS, you can always go for AD quesa and be fine most games. All right, for adon hit, it's the same thing as 2025 with the best build being ken slayer plus ragelade plus ore terminus when you're playing into squishies since the added armor and MMR makes fights a bit more comfortable and you don't need that much mutation anyway into squishies. Then you can also go for denser into bruisers or fighters that love to run at you and the extra wind speed gives you more room to guide them while still doing some really good damage. And finally, when you're facing at least two tanks, you [music] can also go for the new LDR that is now more expensive, but Riot brought back the giant slayer passive, so you don't have to buy Bork anymore. As your fourth MM, you can go for BT for more sustain, IE for more damage, or LDR if you built Phenom Dancer third. And finally, as your fifth or sixth MM, you can still go for BT, IE or LDR if you did not build them yet, or you can get some defensive options like Zas, GA, Witens, or QSS. Okay, now time for crit kais, the build that got the biggest buff this season. But first, when do you build crit? Overall, it's when you get fed in the early game or you simply want to be aggressive this game because the issue with building Kraken sier is that even if you're fed, you still have to wait until three items to really unlock your damage, which is not the best when you're trying to snowball a lead. Meanwhile, crit gives you a faster crit evolution, strong burst damage to boost your lead, and spikes faster compared to dragon slayer. So, in ter build, you have two options. First, you have the classic crit build that was meta in 2025. So, you start with BF sword plus pickaxe [music] plus long sword for evolution at level 8 for only 2.5k gold. And then you go for yal plus I [music] plus a new item called bolts. The way it works is really simple. Whenever you ult it will basically give you the hob passive where your next two auto attacks will go out really fast and on top of that they're guaranteed to crit and they do extra true damage. So yeah, this item makes crit kisa ridiculous damage wise. you just hurt so much. But there are some cons. Not only it's more expensive to go for this build compared to Kraken seer, but at the same time, your damage will fall off the longer the game goes. That's why I only recommend to go for this build if you can afford BF sword after your first back. Do not force this build if you're having a difficult lane. The second option is when you get fed later into the game. If you didn't have the best lane and you already have Kraken Serior and [music] only after you use targeting fed, if you want to snowball that lead, you can also go for Krakener plus Yalile plus [music] LDR. This is an overall safer crit build since compared to Galilee, it gives you insane burst damage even in the late game while still having some good DPS, but it does take longer to spike since it requires three items compared to the two items spike with IE. Finally, for the last items is the exact same idea as for AD on hit. All right, let's now go over AP Ga. And like always, I'll cut this into two parts. One for bot lane and one for mid lane. All right. First, for APK sub lane, the runes are the same as for ADC. And for the build, I recommend to go for BF sword plus pickaxe plus long sword for Q evolution. Then you buy BT and get two to plus one rod for W evolution. And finally, you finish or focus, then shadow flame plus dead cap plus voic, and finally cosmic drive. The main reason why I like this build over my is because you get the same super strong laning phase like if you were going for crit kaisa which allows you to be able to fight in the lane and only start investing into APA after the lane is already almost over. For APK mid on the other hand things are a bit different. First for the runes you want to run a classic fleet page with breath of mind plus haste plus cut down. And for secondaries you have two options. or you go for absolute focus and gathering [music] the storm for scaling or you can go for second wind and unflinching when you're facing a difficult book matchup. As for the build here, it's a classic APK build with mine plus the shadow flame plus dead cap and zas. And there we go. All right, finally, let's go over the first KA match up list of 2026. Like always, we have both Dven and Nila in the band tier. Nila is by far Kesa's biggest counter since her kit is perfect to prevent you from playing the game by eating your damage. As her Draven is really annoying to play into in the lane because of his high damage and his poke, but he's not impossible to play into if you play the lane well. This is why I only recommend to bind Driven when you're a new or a casual Kesa player. Because when you're not comfortable yet on Kai'Sa, playing into a Driven is not fun at all. Then we have the hard tier. These are champions that have an advantage over you because of their high damage like a fellow for example or have abilities that can counter Kaisa like for example Jinx trap that can stop your [music] ultimate. Next up we have the Oier. Here it's mostly 50/50 matchup where it really comes down to skill and will have her play the lane better. Kit for example can poke you a lot in the lane but if she makes a mistake and gets too close with how squishy she is, you can easily kill her. And finally we have the easy tier. These are Kaisa best matchup by far. Champions like Ezreio and Varys, for example, cannot do much in the lane and get stomped by Kaisa in the mid game. And there we go. This should cover everything you need to know about Kaisa in season 2026. And even though she's a bit weak right now after the recent nerf, it should still be fine with the new items. So, with that said, I hope that you all reach your desired rank this year. And enjoy the game play and subscribe. Hello. Nice. Ah, sad. I should use my my pod. Whatever. I get the kill at least. We get Oh, maybe. Nice job. coming. [music] Oat. I'm so close. evolution. Nice. Got the quest too. Oh my gosh. Damage. I'm fine to be fair. This virus is struggling. Oh my gosh. Yeah, the ping sometimes a little bit difficult to handle, but it's fine. Be great. Oh my god. What the What the hell? Huh? Oh my Can I drive this? Yeah. No, I can't. H. All right. Nice. Ah, god damn it. Wow. Nice. You look at Kalista here. What the hell? My bad. Okay. Oh my gosh. Okay, let's Okay, I've Oh my god. I played so bad, man. My gosh. damage. Oof. >> [music] >> my damage. GG. Well played. Nice game. Honestly, honestly, not bad for because we didn't fight that much. We only really like went in. Although we did way more was fighting 1 v3, 1v4. Like damage wise is pretty nice.
