Title: THE NEW ENCHANTER RAKAN BUILD | Tips & Tricks, Runes, Items, Build
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rogwlKIr4fg

Content:
Once I get this Q, I heal more. So, I'm healing 110 for my Q, 66 from Helia, and this little this little shard here that's flying is the damage portion, which does 36 damage. So, every time I queue, I'm getting extra health and just doing damage, which is crazy. Guardian was recently buffed in 25.22 where the base shield was increased in the later levels and the AP scaling was increased by 10. This inspired me to create my enchanter-esque racon build that revolves around Helia. Helia on Rakan might sound troll, but it actually works really well because of how many triggers Rakan has for it and because of how great his AP ratios are. Here's my current new build. I was very in between Redemption second over Moonstone, but I ultimately chose Redemption this game. I haven't tested enough of both, but I don't think you can go wrong with either. Yo, what's up, guys? Today's commentary is a Rakan commentary. This game that I played was absolutely insane. Probably one of the craziest games that I have played in a while. just the beginning is super scuffed and it it's kind of perfect because I was playing this game with the helia build that I made. So, a little story context behind how I came up with the build. I saw that the guardian buffs had AP ratios and for the longest time I was trying to look for a enchanter that would work really well with the guardian buffs as well as the inspiration. It was mostly a lot of testing on enchanters, but then I realized that Rakan is like perfect for a lot of these changes. He is that hybrid of engage and enchanter and currently is played as more like tank leaning but I think there can be a good mix of enchanter and raan is just the one of the best users of guardian in general. Whenever I play racon and see the value of guardian it's just the numbers are just insane. I I don't think anyone can really compare to the amount of value that he gets and he's just really able to trigger it very well because of his E and just the nature of kind of like sliding in and out of fights. As always, we'll start with the draft. Our team has Kalista, Yona, Morichiser, and the enemy team shows Diana, Draven, and Kiana. So, I think Rakan is one of the better blind picks. I think he has a lot of good things that he has going on for lane. like his Q is just insane sustain and he has a lot of mobility to outmaneuver a lot of bad matchups. I think that he doesn't tank in the traditional sense where he can just stat check the enemy and just like out sustain them. He wins by outplaying the enemy and kind of like baiting them through his E and just going in and out of team fights. This draft ends up being pretty good for me because I have a lot of front line where I can kind of work towards and then the enemy has a lot of front line as well where I can just play around. I think that the more melee champs there are for the Helia build, the easier it is for me to play because it's easier for me to auto and just get the stacks. These are my runes. As I showed earlier, think that you should always play for counter. And for Rakan, I think that he does really well into melee supports. does okay into enchanters and I think he struggles a bit into hook champs just because he can get kind of locked down. This lobby is high diamond, low masters. I think that Rakan is currently like he's he's pretty good in the meta. I wouldn't say he's like super weak or super strong. I would say he's like definitely like Btier, but he is I think he has a lot of potential and he might not be that great, but he's really fun to play. So, uh his movement is just like unlike any other support. So, starting off the game, we have a standard fivepoint. I saw that uh Yon was fighting Kiana mid, so then I went to hover, but Diana is sitting in this bush. By the way, I think Raan Q start tends to be a lot more better. A lot more better. a lot more consistent than like W or E start. But you never want to start an ability early just because if something like this happens, you can just like W out or like E out if you need to. I kind of autopiloted and start Q and then we get cheesed in bush. I don't think even if I got W anything would have really changed. But yeah, for when you are standing level one, most of the time you just want to hover your abilities and then take it whenever whatever you need. But yeah, I think in lane though, Raan should always be taking Q just because W is actually like not great of an ability because your all-in level one is super weak. So if you W in to an enemy, you just kind of get ran down and then you have to like walk back, which a lot of times you just end up losing. And with Q, you're able to play the space a lot more and just have a lot more poke. Unfortunately for us, because Kalista died, we have to automatically give our level one. And so I'm just kind of playing for level two. We need to wait until we can catch up with the waves where Crash is here. Draven and Braum are just playing super aggressive. And then Diana's here. So it's really important in a dive like this to take note of who you think is going to take aggro. And if you see the way I play this, I am I'm I basically level up my W and then I'm waiting to see who gets tower aggro here. As soon as I see that Diana's getting tower aggro, I W to her and then uh we are able to uh she has to dip out and then Draven dies because she takes aggro. This is super scuffed, by the way. They they go back in and then I get a triple kill at level two in 3 minutes. This is why I was saying the game was just like insane. One of the most insane games I played. Uh yeah, so I get a triple triple kill here and I am just farming the wave and looking to recall and I get uh a Kindle gem first with an amptome. So I am building Helia first. I think that most of the time component building when you are building components for enchanter items, I think that ruby crystal is 95% of the time the best choice. It just the raw HP is just so much better than the flat AP or the >> uh mana regen and CDR that it just helps you survive lane more. Um, I think especially if you're playing an engage support like or if you have to be in in the front line like Rakan. That was a really good E by Draven, by the way. He waited for me to W to cancel my W. >> Um, that was honestly very hard to react to if you're Draven. But I do take note that he is aware of that interaction. So, um, in this game, you'll see me not you you'll see me wait kind of like try to bait out that interaction. Um, as I was saying though, for the components, I think that most of the time you do want to go the ruby crystal portion. I think that upgrading to kindle gem from ruby is like okay. You could probably deviate towards ban glass mirror at that point, but yeah, for the most part, I think ruby crystal is just better. Um, yeah. So here, um, I go in on Draven because it's just kind of illegal for him to hit this for free. And I'm super chunked. I'm just trying to get my Q off in lane here. So Raon, the one really broken thing about Raan is how much sustain you get from the Q. Like I swear if you land like two, three Q's from low, like you just get full HP. So Draven's low. He's playing super cocky. Um, I barely am not able to hit Draven on the W there. He dodges out and I know that I can't really recall at this timer because if I do, Kalista is going to get dove and the enemy can just push in this wave super fast. The next wave you would want to recall on is is a cannon. So, they won't be able to push as much. Um, I see where Khan steps up. This is like pretty important. I W in, I E out, I E back in, and then I flash into the bush here to uh drop aggro. So if we if we watch this again, going back. If we watch this again, I see that Draven is really low and Braum steps out. So this is an opportunity when Draven tries to go last hit this caster minion, I go in and then I just E immediately flash in and we are able to get the kill. Looking back at the replay, I think that maybe I didn't have to E in, but I don't know. It's Draven and that guy is so strong early, especially with the kill he got on Kalista level one. So, we are able to outplay that. And just like that, we are back in lane. I'm 302 at 6 minutes and I get a 6-minute helia, which I don't think I've ever gotten a 6-minute helia. Helia is one of the most insane items to get the earlier you are in game because it has no scaling. It's all just flat damage and healing. Also like a really crazy interaction with Helia on Rakan is that when you Q you essentially get >> uh you get the flat healing from Helia and then it triggers the damage shard as well. So the damage portion of the shard as well. So you'll see every time I land Q the yeah this this interaction with Rakan's kit. Uh, I was looking at the items here and I saw that Draven had BF sword and pickaxe, but um, he's really strong, but I'm also really strong. So, I wanted to limit test a lot here. >> Um, I see Kalista's low. I So, I want to try to go for a Q here. I'm kind of just hovering forward. So, I get the Q here. Look at how insane that is. I get the Q, my heal >> is extra and then the damage shard flies out >> into Braum. So, if we if we look at this again, you can see that once I get this Q, I heal more. So, I'm healing 110 for my Q. Uh 66 from Helia. And this little this little shard here that's flying is the damage portion, which does 36 damage. So every time I quue, I'm getting extra health and just doing damage, which is crazy. >> So I really want to fight. I think this is um like a really good time to limit us. So I want to go for it. There it is. There's the Q again. Um just kind of waiting for Draven to step up here. It's a little hard. I get him here after I queue. I make sure I or sorry after I get the knockup on W, your Q is basically guaranteed. So I try to get that and by doing so I get two stacks of Helia which just does more damage and heals more. Try to go for that Q. Um I I was trying to time it so that my Q hits when Draven's uh spear lands, but he just is able to W out of it. Uh I kind of want to have wards on river, but I am a little scared. So when you're running triple tonic, this uh elixir, the red elixir is it gives you a lot of AP. So it's actually very important to use it when you're about to fight. I see that Hecrim is coming down here. So I pop my red potion and then I I use my ult. I buffer my ult with my E and then I run in, get a W, and it's just a very free kill on Diana. So, in order to be a good Rakan, you have to get really comfortable with the movement that you can do on your R, E, and W. And the easiest way to um use your R so it's not clunky is to buffer it with your E. I'm calling Hecrim here. I'm calling Hecrim here for dive, but we end up just killing them. I think uh it actually is just a helia diff. I'm just getting so much value off of it early and I thought Close was going to die here, but yeah, she lives. You just get so much value out of it. Um and it just makes so much sense. But if you W into the enemy, then you get a shard, you get a Q in, you E back, you you get two stacks on it, and then you can just get another stack by autoing and then E. One really important thing about Helia on any champion is to auto as you are fighting. So I think one area where a lot of support players kind of lack, especially enchanters, is their lack of autos. But autos not only do a lot, but when you have it with Helia, you just get like mega value. So off base, I went mid here because uh when you push in a wave, you generally always should be going mid because you have a timer for it. Your AD carry will be okay because the wave is bouncing back. So he's not going to lose much and get frozen on. Just looking for another opportunity for Draven uh to walk in cuz he's been doing it all game. Draven now has BT, so it's going to be hard to like poke him out. We kind of have to win allins and not stall too long. So he heals up. >> Trying to wait for a Q here. Just always going in and out of position. Get a that that was just look at the healing on it. It's just absolutely insane. I think Rakan Q itself just heals so much already. But when you pair with Helia just it's just not balanced. I think So, these guys are still playing forward. We I see that the guardian gets popped. I try to go for a Q here. Wasn't able to get it. I chain my ult with the Kalista throw in and it's just we just win it. It's super easy. So, this is another important kind of concept to know if you are playing support. It's that I don't immediately ult here after I knock them up. You can see that they're still still airborne and I can cast my ult, but I make sure to chain it so that the CC is the maximum length. So after they get knocked up, I wait until they hit the ground and then I hit my ult to maximize that CC. And I'm also autoing the entire time so I can get my helio stacks up. I missed my Q. But yeah, you can see that I am autoing trying to auto in between my autos or sorry in between my abilities so that I can stack that Helia. >> Yeah, at this point we are just super ahead from the bot lane which was crazy just from our how disastrous our start was. Yeah, we push in the wave. We get this plate. I have three grubs. I think we stay for a bit more. Get my Q off. Look at the healing. 134 like that. That is crazy. It's It's not only Raan Q is crazy because it's not only you're healing your teammate, you're you're healing both for 130. So, I'm getting 260ish. And then on the healing from the shards on Helia, like you're healing like two 250 300 is just absolutely insane. >> So Kalista backed u I don't want to back because I wasn't close enough to buy a full item. Hecrim comes down, but I don't want to flash this just because Kalissa's a little far and we don't have ult. So, there's really no need to force this. Get Q off. Let's see how much I heal. 145. Pretty good. Hecrim's looking to back, so I'm just like hovering. Not really much to do. I went uh Dream Maker here. I think Slay is also fine. Yeah, I I think either sle or dream maker is fine. I think celestial is also really good on recon just because you get a lot of value off the slow. Normally I'm a celestial hater, but yeah, on recon it's probably fine. Uh I really don't want to fight here. I just get my Q off. Look at the helia shard and then I look to reset here. So, second, I am I think I end up Yeah, I end up staying for a little bit because I want I'm hovering Moonstone here, but um I actually end up switching my build to redemption. I I'm like very in between redemption and moonstone as you saw earlier in the video because I think on one hand, Moonstone gives AP which scales with Guardian and also scales with just a lot of things in my kit. But um redemption I think is just more consistent in the sense that like you have more influence on the map and uh yeah while it doesn't give any AP it just has a lot more you have a lot more influence on the map. I think redemption is like one of the most broken items and then also it works as another trigger for your helia. >> So I just ended up going redemption here. I think there is a lot of room to optimize this build. I just don't really play a lot of Rakcon where I yeah want to kind of like look for that. So I think if you are very interested in this build you there's um a lot of room for improvement. Just off the top of my head I think a dark seal after Helia would be huge just because uh it's low commitment 350 gold and the AP just goes a very long way on Rakan's abilities and then the scaling with guardian. So, there's just a lot of things that make it really good. Um, I go mid here after I reset to catch this wave and then I am looking to walk back after I farm the wave that hit mid. Um, I see the vision cone. I drop a ward in the middle bot bush and then I walk back here. I do see that Diana's coming and then uh Kiana ends up being behind us which I I I think she tpd. I was very surprised that they just dove me here. I would have thrown down redemption earlier but yeah I was not expecting Kiana and then I also my W got cancelceled by Draven was very good uh E by him again. So unfortunately I die. I think she tpd, right? Oh, no. She doesn't even have TP. She just walked around. So, yeah. I don't know. I wasn't paying attention to the map where I saw heard that I saw that she was MIA and she could go bot. So, I just end up dying. But after I die, I end up going to Herold area because um bot gets broken. So, their bot lane is most likely going to rotate and then Kalista is just going to farm out the wave and push it out. So, Hecrim's already there. I am uh dewarding the area. I think as Rakan, you can play very forward like this and not really worry too much just because you can W over walls. Braum is just beating me up. And I am I see that my my team is topside. I walk into the pit to kind of bait out the enemy. I figured that if I can have two on me and just bail last second, it would be good for my team. So, >> um, yeah, because I have two on me, but their entire team was topside and so we end up just dying. Costa is botside farming by herself. Little miscommunication. I'm just holding W so I can dodge Braum Q and I'm just kind of like chilling mid now. I get my Q off. Not really much to do. I don't want to recall because I just recalled. I could buy CDR shoes, but it's more important that I kind of catch this wave and defend this tower. Hecrim runs in. I I do the same thing. Combo my R with my E. I try to tag Braum, but I'm not able to catch him. I get my redemption off because of my RW. I think that's also another reason why redemption is probably really good on Rakan. It's because you can reliably get your redemption off when you know you're going to rew because you are CCing the enemy for a very long time and then your team is going to be playing around that engage or just following up and you're also able to get it because you're just able to CC the enemy for a very long time. So I get a deep board in because I know that Draven and Braum are dead and also I'm playing Bcon. So, I'm just very confident in walking in even if I run into Kiana. I get my CDR shoes and I get a control ward. And now I am going to be setting up the midbot side of the map because dragon is up in a minute and also is up is going to be up on that side. Y gets a kill >> which is very nice. So, um we always want to set up this way where we start mid and then work our way to the side lane. So, I get my wards here. Kiss is going back. Can't nothing really to do botside. So, I'm going to be hovering around this area. I have this control ward. One of the most optimal control WS you can have. I actually stop autoing the uh control ward here so that hoping that it would disable for Hecrim. Um, I get my re off. I go off on Draven though and I get my redemption off. We are able to get a double kill. Missed the W on Dr. Mundo. I don't think it would have really led to anything because uh he has his passive. So, I'm just hovering around the area. Kiana's here. I knew that Kiana would probably hug her tower. So, then I W there. And I know I hit her because the silhouette showed of Kiana in her um grass Q. Now I'm just hovering around the area. I did not need the Kalista ult. But you know what? I appreciate it from my AD carry. I feel like a lot of the times Kalista players will just leave you out to hang. And so, um, yeah, unfortunately, I just end up dying here anyways. But you know what? It's the thought that counts. I wrote what in chat because I was not expecting her to just be there at all. But we get the dragon anyways, so it's chill. We get a catch on to Draven mid. My team is honestly so strong that we're kind of chilling. Um Kiana gets a great ult off here. Diana um I think she gets I think her ult just comes up so she ults really late but yeah my team just kind of cleans them up. Uh at this point of the game we're just super strong. Next objective. All right, I set up once I respawn, I set up the this like ward setup where it's just covering the entrance of the enemy jungle. This is one of the most common setups you can do that will snowball your lead into snowball it harder just because you're denying the enemy another quadrant of their jungle. And so after I set up, we get Oticon. And at this point, I think the game just ends uh after like one team fight. But um yeah, this is the uh Rakan build. I wanted to show the Rakan build more so than like this game itself in particular, but yeah, try out the Helia build with Redemption. It's super strong. Uh, I think that this might be >> like new meta for Rakan that will push him into being like a higher win rate champion. And so, yeah, give it a try. Let me know what you think. And thank you so much for watching.
