Title: Hwei Champion Spotlight | Gameplay - League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qGkmv80KD0

Content:
A former heir to the Temple of Koyehn in Ionia, Hwei spent his youth training and honing
paint magic with the temple's masters. Beneath his melancholic exterior
is a fantastical and colorful imagination that he’s able to bring to life
with a swipe of his brush. Following the horrific, yet captivating
destruction of his temple home, Hwei’s art now reflects an internal struggle
between beauty and despair. The power of art can bring people together
or rip them apart. Which will you choose? Welcome to the Hwei champion spotlight. "There's no secret to art." "Just begin and keep going." "That's all we can do." Hwei’s Q, W and E Spell books each have three abilities
that are accessed by pressing two keys. Like Q Q, Q W, or Q E, and share cooldowns with other spells from that spell book. The Q spell book, Disasters,
summons bombastic AOE spells and is your primary damage source. Pressing Q Q casts Devastating Fire,
a fiery dart that soars out in a line and explodes on the first enemy hit or at the end of its path
to all enemies in the area. Q W is Severing Bolt, a delayed
but powerful artillery shot. Immobilized or isolated targets take extra
damage based on their missing health. Q E Is Molten Fissure,
an exploding lava field that deals damage and slows enemies in its path. The W spell book, Serenities, is based around solo and team utility. W Q is Fleeting Current, giving you
and your allies movement speed in a line. W W is Pool of Reflection
granting shields in an area. W E is Stirring Lights, three encircling lights
that buff your next three attacks or abilities with bonus damage
that restores mana on hit. The E spell book, Torments, paints
crowd control to restrain your enemies with horrific creations. E Q for Grim Visage damages and causes
the enemy to flee. E W for Gaze of the Abyss
summons a painted eye that will lock onto the first enemy
champion at sees, firing after a slight delay, damaging
and rooting the first thing in its path. E E for Crushing Maw, damaging
 and pulling enemies toward the center,
then slowing them as they crawl away. This is a lot to digest and we haven't
even gotten to the rest of his kit. Here's a spell book cheat sheet to screenshot and reference
when initially playing the Visionary. "A painter meets their subject, eye to eye." Hwei’s passive is Signature
of the Visionary. His damaging abilities mark enemy champions until it's
detonated by a secondary damaging spell. If enemies can't move away in time,
they'll be hit with a small AOE explosion. Hwei’s passive is strongest
when multiple targets are grouped for stacked visionary detonation. But timing is key since enemies can leave the damage zone
before the signature detonates. Quickly cast spells
to apply the mark on several champions, then deal devastating AOE
damage with a larger spell. Hwei’s palette culminates into his ultimate work,
Spiraling Despair. The spell sends out a thin,
long range missile that spawns a zone attached to the first enemy struck. Those caught in the zone are inflicted
with Despair, an increasing slow that stacks over the ultimate's duration. They also receive ticking damage. Upon
reaching the completion, the zone shatters, dealing
tons of damage to all stuck within. Mastering Hwei’s
ultimate is to overwhelm your enemies with Despair, preventing their escape
from the final implosion of damage. It's long range, but can be tricky
to land on one specific target. You'll want to utilize additional spell book
crowd control to help land the initial cast, then trap
multiple targets when they're grouped up, and stack Despair slows to keep enemies
stuck within the emptiness. "None of us will leave unchanged." "I’ll make sense of our suffering." With myriad gameplay possibilities, Hwei was made to unlock
a new level of creativity for players by creating a kit that mixes
and matches abilities for any situation. His playstyle is unique among mages
and reliant on comboing spells and mastering
artistic blends. Becoming a visionary is no small feat,
and though Hwei’s skill ceiling is higher than average. Once the paint starts flowing,
you'll be making masterpieces in no time. As mentioned earlier, Hwei’s spell books have three abilities each
for a total of nine possible basic abilities. Q abilities are damage based, W abilities are utility
focused, and E abilities have crowd control. While some spells have a straightforward
use, flex your artistic creativity to mix spell book abilities and create
spell combinations on the fly. When you're learning Hwei,
try using every spell sequence at least once to get in the flow
of pressing two keys to cast. "Please focus! You shape what I make." Let's paint a better picture
of some possible rotations. Use W E for quick trades
and to stretch out your mana pool between spells in lane. You can also use W E into Q Q
 for a reliable one two punch. Zoning them from minions
while clearing your own wave. If you can land an empowered auto attack,
you'll even get the visionary signature explosion. To maximize an AOE combo, Q E to slow, then E E
to pull enemies back into the lava field, and finish with a Q W
as they try to retreat. You can also cull your opponent’s aggression
with an E Q fear, then follow it up with a Q Q
or Q W trade of your own. One of Hwei’s full rotations starts with a
W E auto attack to attach a Visionary signature to your target and apply
a damage buff to your next couple spells. Then you'll want to E E to pull enemies
into place for Spiraling Despair. While they're slowed with increasing
Despair stacks and passive marks, use Q E or Q Q, to slam more damage
and guarantee an explosive finish. Whew! That had a lot of layers. But Hwei’s art isn't limited to destruction
spells and terrorizing your lane opponents. When you're in the thick
of a jungle chase, use a W Q speed boost to get in range
for E W, and prevent enemies from escaping. You can also utilize W W shielding
when sieging objectives. But if an unintended teamfight
breaks out, W Q instead for a speedy getaway,
and Q E to slow down pursuers. "A piece is never really finished." "Just... abandoned." For all his fantastical spells, Hwei’s survivability relies on being proactive
and managing his cooldowns. He has a defensive safety
net with W Q’s move speed or W W’s shield,
but he may feel incentivized to W E often for damage in restoring mana.
Since each spell book shares cooldowns, If you waste W E on some minions, you’ll be left
without any defense if the enemy jungler decides to gank. You'll also need to know when to paint offensive abilities. E W is great for checking a brush,
but it will lock you out of E Q’s fear and E E’s disengage
if a fight suddenly breaks out. Q Q is all but guaranteed damage, but then Hwei won't have
the reactive disengage from Q E slow. Each spell serves
a unique purpose, and understanding which spell to use in the right
situation is key. Remember, there's no such thing
as mistakes, just happy accidents. If you enjoy controlling the battlefield
like Orianna and Victor, then Hwei is a great choice. He also has a ton of skill potential,
if you like playing high skill champions like Azir. Or if you suffer from a looming sense
of artistic dread and struggle to complete your list of works
in progress, 'This is the Hwei.' Feelings are temporary
and art is forever. So take that pain and make it paint. Learn more about Hwei, the
Visionary, at the links below.
