Title: 3 Minute Gragas Guide - A Guide for League of Legends
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsIDn4O11qI

Content:
Why play Gragas jungle? Well, he brings massive AoE burst damage. He has amazing lockdown, his ganks are very strong, and he has a solid amount of built-in sustain. However, he can get kited if he misses his E, and he's often reliant on body slam flashes for engages. Gragas' passive is periodically after casting an ability, he heals himself for a chunk of his health. Gragas' Q causes him to roll out a barrel, which will stay at that location for 4 seconds and have a circle around it. Over the first 2 seconds, it ferments, where it increases the damage and slow. After 4 seconds or when the ability is reactivated, it explodes, dealing damage to all enemies in the circle and slowing them. Gragas' W causes him to channel drinking from his barrel, which gives him damage reduction for 2 and 1/2 seconds. This causes his next attack to have bonus range and deal bonus damage to the target and nearby enemies. Gragas' E causes him to dash in a direction where he stops when he collides with an enemy. Upon stopping, he deals damage to all nearby enemies, knocks them back, and then stuns them. If this hits an enemy, the cooldown is reduced, and his Q and ultimate can be cast while dashing. Gragas' ultimate throws out a circle on the floor which detonates after half a second. This deals great damage to all enemies hit and knocks them back a very far distance. For combos, your go-to is to W into E and Q. From here, attack away until you detonate your Q as late as possible. Your all-in is to W into E and ultimate. Don't attack between E and alt as it gives the enemy a chance to flash away. From here, attack as the enemy is being knocked away into Q and more attacks. And your flashy Tik Tok combo is to W and then Q nearby. E into your opponent and then ult them into your Q before attacking away. For matchups, Gragas is great into champions where he can interrupt their dashes with his dash before dealing massive damage. And he can struggle against champions who can easily avoid his skill shot or kite him. For runes, take this. Dark harvest makes your burst damage insane. For build order, start blue monster and pot into a storm surge and tier 2 boots. From here, a shadow flame and zyas are great pickups before finishing a build with any of these. For skill order, start W, then Q, then E before maxing Q, then E, then W, taking alt whenever you can. For summoner spells, take flash and smite. Starting the game, you have a few different options. Doing a full clear is always a good go-to as it gives you the most gold and experience as possible and puts you in a good position to fight for scuttle. However, just clearing one side for the quick level three and then looking for the early gank is also very strong. When looking for a gank, always consider the three main points of where is lane pushed to, what CC does your team bring, and what escapes do the enemy have. When ganking, your E is absolutely amazing, dashing you across the lane and stunning them. However, if you can ever just walk up to your opponent, it's a much stronger gank as you can immediately start dealing damage and save your E to chase any dash or flash. And once you hit level six, your ganks become devastating. Not only dealing massive damage, but also launching them in the wrong direction. Entering the mid game, you now deal massive burst damage. So, keep farming hard and look for picks which you convert into objectives. Entering late game team fights, you can either play as your team's engage or play an assassin role. When engaging, it's just about eing in and then ultimating for massive disruption. Sending the entire team flying is just great value along with all the damage you bring. Otherwise, you can wait for the fight to start and lurk on the flank. This is where you go in with E and often flash onto a carry to one-shot them. And that's how to play Gragas jungle. Leave the video a like and comment below who you want to see
